"x"
"Verified Review | Fort Wayne to St. Petersburg. I had completely different experiences at the airports. Fort Wayne had amazing staff and were very accommodating! Once I got PIE it was a completely terrible experience! Fort Wayne has great staff and the manager there was exceptional! St. Petersburg could really learn customer service skills! My ratings are only applied to Fort Wayne."
"Verified Review | Harrisburg to Orlando Sanford. Could not have been more happy with the experience from use of app for boarding, to the airport and then the plane. It was my son's first flight and he couldn't have had a better time. Yes, you have to pay extra for baggage and seat selection (as you do with most airlines now), but with the low airfares, it is still cheaper! The staff and pilots were extraordinary. The A320 we flew home in was practically brand new (they are moving towards an all Air Bus fleet). Flights were on time, no delays - arrived at destinations early. Also rented car through Allegiant and all I needed was the app on my phone to pick up. Overall great experience and will fly Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | We decided to use Allegiant Air to travel from Stockton to San Diego direct flight and value good. Once Allegiant opened we check in, luggage. Customer service representative at Allegiant was able to scan our boarding tickets from my phone. I would recommend you down load Allegiant app on your phone and pre-check in night before this process will be easy process. My friend recommended this and made it easier for us. Before we boarded our flight I informed the staff that scanned boarding tickets, my travel partner needed assistance with wheelchair. It would be difficult for her to walk the ramp to board plane. She took care of the arrangements and my travel partner was boarded with assistance and great customer service. Our departing and returning flights on time. She advised us to ask for assistance once we arrived at San Diego Airport and returning to Stockton Airport too. Our experience with Allegiant Airlines was great! Thank you!"
"Verified Review | Fort Walton Beach to Cleveland return, which apparently is only a seasonal route. The airline offers a no-frills service. When you buy your ticket you get a seat at a very reasonable fee. If you need more space you have the option to buy more at that time for a fee. If you decide later to bring more luggage, that decision will cost you a few dollars more. When you purchase your ticket, the airline will assign a seat at check in. If you need to have a specific seat, you can purchase that seat for a fee. The airline boards in about 6 or 7 zones, based on seat assignments. If you are the kind of person who likes to get on early, you can pay for that as well. Lastly, tickets are non refundable, and allow for no changes. So, if you think there is a pretty chance you will need to change you ticket, you had better buy the option to change it for a small fee. The planes I flew were A320s, which seat about 177, no seat back pockets and seats are fixed in place and do not recline. You get no free snacks or beverages, you can use major credit card to purchase snacks and beverages. So that is Allegiant Air in a nutshell. If you can deal with that, it is a great value. My flights were on time, actually one arrived early, and the staff was polite and professional. The airline starts boarding about 45 minutes before scheduled departure, so arrive early; because they do close the door 15 minutes before departure and you ain't getting on. I would fly Allegiant again, and recommend them."
"Verified Review | We paid $89 to fly with Allegiant Air from Las Vegas to El Paso TX. Our expectations were \"you get what you paid for\" but actually it was far better than we expected. Our flight was supposed to be departing at 7am, it was 7.40am when we departed but it wasn't the airlines fault and they kept us informed about the situation. We arrived at the airport at 6.15am, the employees were friendly and when we told them our flight was at 7am they sent us to the front of the line. When checking the bags they were supposed to weigh 40 lbs and we ended up with 42 lbs, they didnt charge us any extra fee. It was a really good experience and we will fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Allegiant was one of the better flights I have taken in the last year. While everything is a-la-carte right down to a carry-on bag, to a bottle of water, the price was amazing, the flight attendants were professional, the airplane was new and clean and our flight departed and landed on time. We will fly Allegiant whenever possible as long as the rates and quality service continue to be amazing. My advice - take advantage of paying for the checked baggage or carry when booking or when they email you a flight reminder. Do you know you get one carry-on free as long as it can be placed under the seat in front of you. If you have to store it in the over-head bin then you have to pay. Also, drinks are $2 each, credit card only, no cash. However, I paid $3.90 for a bottle of diet soda in the airport when I could have bought one for $2 in flight. Knowing your options up front is the key to a successful trip with Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Flew from Newark to Knoxville with my family of four. Tickets were $58/per person. Flights are very specific with regard to what days/times they fly to & from locations so you have to be flexible if you want a great deal! Our Thursday flight out of Newark was at 11:57am, because that's the only flight they have on Thursdays. We weren't able to fly home with Allegiant because they're flight between TYS & EWR on a Sunday is a 9am flight (like I said, very specific) and 9am on Sunday morning didn't leave us enough time to enjoy our last day away. So here's the scoop, the seats don't recline, food and drinks are for a fee (nothing is complimentary), and there's a fee to pick specific seats on the plane so your party can all sit together. That all being said, we left on time, the flight attendants were friendly and professional, the ride was smooth, and we arrived 5 mins early. The next time we travel, Allegiant will be the first airline I check with for travel deals. No complaints what-so-ever."
"Verified Review | Oakland to El Paso. Fantastic last-minute airfare. Flights departed on time and arrived early. Cabin crew was top-notch. Ultra-friendly and helpful. Boarding process was fast and efficient. In-flight announcements were crystal clear. Aircraft aren't new. You pay for every service, including in-flight refreshments. And you pay for carry-on bags. But, you're sometimes able to get a round-trip airfare fewer than four days before departure for the price of other airlines' cheapest fare."
"Verified Review | St. Petersburg to Huntington. I have always been very happy with Allegiant. I have been flying this route routinely for the last 3-4 years. I have experienced few delays, ground and in-flight staff been always polite and accommodating. From booking the trip to arriving at destination, I have only good things to say. Good value for the money. I really hope they continue to fly this route for a long time!"
"Verified Review | Mesa to Springfield. We had a situation that required a ticket modification. A staff member with Allegiant out of Las Vegas was so gracious and patient. She went above an beyond the call of duty to listen carefully to what we needed, to reassure us that she was there to help us and then to make the necessary changes to the ticket so we could extend a stay to attend to a family matter. We have flown extensively around the world over the last 20 years. Her care stands out as exceptional and ranks as one of the best customer services experiences we have ever had."
"Verified Review | Punta Gorda to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air. Flights have always been on time, uneventful, and flight crews have always been friendly and helpful. Some may complain about the comfort and add-ons/upcharges, however, it is a discount airline, and with that, the fancier whistles and bells some higher prices carriers offer aren't going to be offered. No, the seats aren't the most comfortable, especially for plus sized individuals, but again, it's not meant to be first class accommodations when flying a discount carrier. Overall, I am pleased with my experiences with Allegiant, and will both recommend and fly them again in the future."
"Verified Review | Fort Walton Beach to Las Vegas. In hindsight I should've definitely taken the car rental discount Allegiant Air offered. I would recommend and will fly with allegiant again. Unless you need the extra legroom or just prefer a certain seat or need to sit together, I wouldn't pay to reserve a seat. Perfect for short trips!"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Medford with Allegiant Air. I have flown this route every few months over the last 5 years. This airline offers amazing value. If you just buy the basic ticket (let them assign your seat, use mobile boarding pass, and pack light in a backpack), your price is always 50% less than the competing airlines. I think it is amazing. As far as airline performance, I would say 90% of my trips have been uneventful with no major delays or problems. I think that is pretty standard for air travel. I've experienced just as many delays or cancellations flying this route with Alaska or United."
"Unverified | Knoxville to Fort Walton Beach. This was my first flight using Allegiant Air. The 2 concourse employees plus the two agents at the counter were shabbily dressed and those at the concourse were eating and drinking at their kiosk in plain sight of the customers. Once onboard we were very professionally greeted by the 4 flight attendents! The lead gave the usual intructions preflight but spoke in such a rapid manner it was very difficult to understand him. When beverage service began I put my tray down only to see it was filthy with crumbs and greasy fingerprints which I brought to the attendent's attention. She did immediatley return with a clean wipe and cleaned my tray. I noted that crumbs were all over the floor in front! All 4 attendents were very professional and neatly dressed. The pilot and copilot never came out of the cockpit to thank the passengers for flying Allegiant as very usual on all flights. I must congratulate the ground crew at VPS for their rapid unloading of our luggage for it was the fastest I have ever encountered! By the way, my flight number was 684VPS on 3/06 and my seat allocation was zone 3 seat 10E. We were informed was only 1/2 filled but we were not allowed to change our seats because of \"security\" reasons. I much prefer a window seat. I confirmed my reservation as requested 24 hours before departure online. The flight was supposed to take 1 hour and yet we arrived at our destination 20 minutes early! I love the cheap prices of tickets and easy to access online site."
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant Air from Raleigh to New Orleans. No frills airline, solid bang for your buck. Yes, you get nickel and dimed for literally everything (all the way down to printing boarding passes $5). No, the seats do not recline. No, there isn't wifi on board. No, you don't get a free drink for flying (drinks/snacks offered aren't outrageously priced). No, the gate staff aren't the best. Yes, flight attendants are just as good if not better than some I have flown with. Would definitely fly again. We were delayed on our initial flight out of RDU to MSY for Mardi Gras due to mechanical issues, but that happens to every airline. The direct flight that's offered now was significantly cheaper (over $400) than other airlines and honestly no complaints other than the nickel and diming and the initial delay. Would fly again."
"Unverified | I had another great experience with Allegiant Air flying from Concord, NC to St. Petersburg, FL. This is probably my tenth time flying them and I continue to be impressed. Yes, they are an ultra-discount airline which means that you pay for any necessary add-ons. When you do your reservation on-line, you will see all the added fees before hand and not have any sticker shock at the airport. My round-trip from Concord, NC to St. Petersburg took place without a hitch. Both flights were on-time. The crews (except for one surly-faced flight attendant on the flight down to St. Petersburg) were all polite and professional. The planes were very clean and the gate crews at both ends did a good job of getting everyone on the plane in an orderly and timely manner. I would definitely fly with Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Las Vegas. I love Allegiant Air, it is great value, with wonderful flight crew and direct flights. I've flown them at least 5 times with no issues. I think some people get put off by some reviews, but for a long weekend somewhere, Allegiant Air is usually always the best value in my opinion, and I always buy the extra perks."
"Verified Review | Stewart to St Pete Clearwater. I flew alone with my 3 kids (their first time on a flight, ages 6, 4 and 2). I didn't pay for seat locations so I had them assign our seats. They were great to place us next to each other however I couldn't do online check in. I had to wait at the ticket counter to check in and get charged $5 for each boarding pass to be printed. The plane is no frills but I came prepared with snacks and ipads and crafts for my kids to pass the time. On the return flight we were supposed to get a huge snow storm at home. Allegiant cancelled the flight around 12 pm when our flight was set to leave at 7 am. I received a text and email which was nice and a few minutes after that another one with the new flight info. I was nervous since Allegiant only flies Thursday and Sunday to my destination but they rescheduled it for the following day, Friday. Overall I am very pleased with Allegiant and look forward to flying with them again!"
"Verified Review | Memphis to Las Vegas. I had a very mixed experience with Allegiant. First, our flight was delayed, but they emailed and texted us almost 2 hours before to let us know that would be the case. It happens, we appreciated the heads up. We were a little disappointed by the absolute now frills and nickel and diming that the airline does, but that's what you get with a low cost airline. Our big hiccup came when we landed in Las Vegas and found out that our bags had not been loaded on the plane. That meant that my wife and I, and our 3 year old and 1 year old had nothing (Due to charging for carry-on's we chose just to check everything). We were on vacation for 10 days and it took them 7 days to get our bags and car seats to us. But before I condemn anyone, Allegiant did right by us. They told us to go out and buy what we needed and they would reimburse us. Obviously we were skeptical, especially as the days went on without us getting our bags or car seats. But when all was said and done, they did reimburse us and we got a weeks worth of clothes out of it. It wasn't an amazing experience, but they did what they could to make it right. I'd definitely give them another shot."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Oakland with Allegiant Air. This airline got the job done. Simple as that. Customer Service over the phone is terrible. I've spent a collective 3 hours trying to get in contact with a representative. Speaking with the workers of Allegiant at the airport, they even confirmed that trying to contact Customer Service over the phone was an average 45 minutes to an hour. Ridiculous. The flight attendants were great people. I would recommend this airline, but only to those who understand that it's not going to be a great experience if they run into issues and need to contact customer service."
"Verified Review | Flint to Clearwater. My girlfriend, my friends and myself fly Allegiant very regularly. Out of our last 10 round trip flights we have had one overnight delay and 2 one hour delays. Which in the big picture of life is nothing."
"Verified Review | Newark to Savannah. Allegiant Air is a very good budget airline. As you would expect, you will pay extra for even carry-on bags, but since that's known, the net final payment for a round trip ticket was really quite good. What we also got (a very pleasant surprise( was good legroom. I am 6' 6\", with a 36\" inseam - this was a really comfortable seat and there was plenty of room between my knees and the seatback in front of me. Our round-trip, Newark to Savannah, was really good and on-time. We'll definitely use them again!"
"Verified Review | Grand Rapids to Fort Lauderdale. I just reached my final Florida destination via Allegiant Air. I believe other postings of Flight 1729 gives a pretty good description of a New Years Eve we will never forget. I believe I take another view on how the crew on the flight and the ground crew handled this event. First if the captain refused to question the inspection we may not be here to complain. The crew did hand out snacks and juice to drink. They used what they had, and kept their stress under control considering the flack they had to endure. We needed to add fuel, because the captain kept the engines running to maintain our comfort. Our cell phones were receiving updates all evening our flight was resumed the next day. Trust me by the time we got to the hotel Allegiant Air put us up in we managed to only get 3 hrs sleep. But the ground crew returned the next morning to check us in, with less sleep. Our compensation $100.00 voucher was not adequate. So hats off to hard working employees of Allegiant Air Grand Rapids. However management missed it opportunity to make it right to all of us on Flight 1729."
"I flew roundtrip Phoenix to Springfield. I was nervous to fly Allegiant given many of the other reviews, but we had no problems. To describe this airline as no frills would be an understatement, but I was only looking to get from Point A to Point B, and they did the job. I don't understand the reviews complaining about getting nickeled and dimed. That is the business model. You pay a low fare for the ticket. If you want to sit in a specific seat or with a group, or if you want to bring a bag, you have to pay extra. They aren't screwing you - if you bother to do a little research, you can make an informed decision. Service is a little lacking, and the planes are a little shopworn, but I would have no qualms about flying Allegiant again."
"Flight from Knoxville to Vegas was very smooth. I did not see much difference flying with Allegiant Air versus the major airlines including Delta and United. The major difference is their pricing tier. It seems with Alligent everything is separate charges and other airlines one charge. This gives the concept of nickel and diming consumers. I did like the direct flight. I have booked another flight for next year. I did pay extra to pick my seat and others may not need to do this. I like extra leg room and willing to pay. Hope next trip is as smooth."
"St. Pete–Clearwater to Tri-Cities Regional Airport. Nothing bad to say about this airline, very friendly staff. Pilot was outstanding, very friendly, entertaining, made you feel comfortable in putting your life in his hands! Love the prices! I live in Florida, Tampa area and my children/grandchildren are in VA; Tri City area and Richmond - no problem jumping on a plane for a long weekend visit, with no changing planes! Will continue to use Allegiant. People who are complaining about having to pay for seat, luggage, ticket - compare to what other airlines charge with the reminder of changing planes just about every time you fly!"
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Baltimore. Allegiant Air is awesome. Their presence at CVG opens up many opportunities to fly nonstop on a limited budget or limited time. One hour in the air versus one day of driving saves me one day of PTO, or a vacation one day longer. I'm a very frequent flier on several airlines, and the value for money with Allegiant is excellent. I prefer a la carte pricing. Since I'm normally carry-on-only, I don't want to pay for someone else's checked luggage, but I'm more than happy to pay a little extra for legroom and priority boarding - both of which were well worth the money. I skipped to the front of the line while checking my bag (the $6 I paid for priority boarding includes priority check-in / bag check), and had enormous legroom in my seat. Frequent flier hack: I found that I could get a cheaper international ticket on a mainline airline out of Washington DC than I could via anywhere in Ohio so I took Allegiant to BWI, then continued on from there to England. Saved $500 that way! On discount airlines (Frontier/Allegiant), I always tip the flight attendants, they are very grateful, and I never go thirsty."
"Albuquerque to Los Angeles return with Allegiant Air. Review their policies before you head to the airport. Checking in at the counter will cost an additional $5 each way. I downloaded the app which worked well for passes and only had a personal item. The prices cannot be beat. I saved $300 over competitors. The flights were on time. Service was bizarre. Flight attendants wore ripped jeans, and were completely disinterested in providing service. Seats are uncomfortable, but I acknowledge I am 6'3 so flying is usually not a joy for me. For the short 1.5 hour flight, it is passable, especially for a fraction of the price of other airlines. Allegiant uses the low cost terminal at LAX, which is terminal 3. No TSA pre-check lane, with long lines. You get what you pay for which is fine. I have booked several more trips with them, because of their cost, but am prepared to be squished. Overall, the interactions with crew were unprofessional, but I'll grin and bear it to save money."
"Verified Review | Orlando Sanford to Greenville-Spartanburg. First off, I did a dumb thing and booked our flight backwards. I called and they switched it with no problem for the cost of the difference of the tickets and did not charge the change fee. Second, we went down to Orlando when Hurricane Matthew hit. We did not want to stay during the hurricane since we have a four year old and a one year old who would have been scared to death. I was afraid for our safety as well. Allegiant switched the flight free of charge. We were able to fly out safe and sound quite literally right before the storm hit. All flights had been canceled after 10. We were supposed to fly out at 7:20, but the pilots had been delayed. We flew out at 11 and thankfully had little turbulence. I definitely recommend flying them again!"
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Fort Lauderdale with Allegiant Air. After reading the reviews here I was skeptical but given the direct flight and price I decided to take a chance. I was very happy with everything. The weight limit for suitcases was less than other airlines at only 40 pounds and you need to indicate in advance how much checked and carry on items you are bringing and pay for them. Although I paid for carry on I didn't see anyone checking this. You need to print your boarding pass in advance or they charge you $5 at the airport per person. The flight boarded on time and was turned around quickly. They board from the back forward unless you buy priority boarding. I paid for the premium economy seat and it was comfortable. They don't recline but they start out partially reclined so it was comfortable and there was decent room. It was an older plane retrofitted but I was happy with it. I would recommend this airline and I would fly them again. In Europe many of the discount airlines have similar policies so you need to read the fine print and follow their rules but all in all, a good airline, great to fly direct and great price. It's no frills though. No TV, no wifi. But for a short direct flight its worth the trade off. Hopefully they will get wifi on the flights in the future."
"My wife and I flew out of Grand Island Nebraska to Las Vegas on Friday September 23rd 2016 for the weekend. We had previously printed boarding passes so all we had left to do was go through security prior to boarding. The Flight was actually a little ahead of schedule on that day. Flight attendants were very friendly. We arrived in Las Vegas a few minutes ahead of time, took a cab to hotel. This is where my wife went into panic mode as she could not find her wallet. I contacted the airline, which took 45 minutes before someone actually answered the phone to report a missing wallet. I also contacted the airport as well and filed a report with the Las Vegas police. The wallet contained a substantial amount of money, drivers license and credit card. More than 2 weeks went by with no information on the lost wallet. On October 7th I received a phone call from Allegiant Air headquarters notifying me that the wallet was found. I applaud the flight crew on that particular flight out of Grand Island as the wallet slipped out of my wifes carry-on and one of the flight crew turned it in to lost and found with Allegiant Air. Here's the best part - Money, credit card and drivers license were all intact."
"On September 11, we left Pittsburgh to Punta Cana, an hour and a half late. During the flight (#7000) I experienced low blood sugar. The head flight attendant and the attendant working with her at the front of the plane, did everything they could and everything that I asked to get me through the episode. I thanked them at the end of the flight, for all they did, but I just wanted to go public with my sincere thank you to those two women."
"Orlando Sanford to St Louis. I fly Allegiant at least 4 times a year and fly my children and grandchildren on Allegiant when they come to visit. I also recommend Allegiant to family and friends who come to visit as well. I usually pay at least half of what the major airlines charge and that includes my checked baggage. I have only encountered one long delay and that was when I flew to Memphis. We were offered an $8 voucher for a bite to eat and $50 off our next flight. Quite frankly I did not expect that but pleased with the offer. The seats are not plush but are not uncomfortable either and my flights are usually no longer than 2 hours. The seats could use some extra padding but I am thankful they do not recline - it is a definite plus not to have the person in front of you practically lying on your lap. I am happy with paying under $200 for a round trip and $2.00 for a soda instead of getting a free soda and snack and paying over $400 for the ticket. The staff have always been courteous and try to accommodate passengers. My biggest concern is safety and pleased to report every take off and landing has been smooth. Since Allegiant flies out of smaller airports there is far less congestion and waiting."
"Fort Lauderdale to Asheville. I fly Allegiant monthly and recommend it. The website has made improvements and once one becomes accustomed to it, booking is easy. One problem is customer service via phone. Very difficult to get through. Flights in the early am are least likely to be delayed. It's a good value for the money."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Richmond. Can't beat the price! Only complaint is cost for bags should be round trip if have round trip ticket, not per flight. Economical value flight, not luxury. Pilots and staff friendly. Fly to smaller airports, which depending on trip, can be more of a hassle. As much leg room as other airlines. Will fly again."
"Flew from Pittsburgh to Myrtle Beach. My husband and I were first time flyers and glad we picked Allegiant. The flight attendants were nice and very helpful. The airline was on time going and when we came home. The airline rates were great as well. We will definitely fly with Allegiant again for our next vacation."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Punta Gorda. I traveled with my two and four year old and my two year old was a mess on the flight. All of the flight attendants went above and beyond to help me in any way they could. I am highly impressed and grateful."
"Las Vegas to Wichita.I was flying with my 18 year old son who has only flown once. We knew the airline has a reputation for being delayed, but it was ok since I didn't have a small child and had the time and patience to wait. The flight from Las Vegas to Wichita was on time and a wonderful flight. On our way from a small town outside of a Wichita (an hour away)when returning to Las Vegas, we didn't know until we got to the airport (2 hours prior as told to do) we found out our flight was delayed 2 hours. That's ok, like I said, we had time to wait. The gate representative told us they had food vouchers for us, which we used. Then they made an announcement that the flight had been canceled due to problems with our plane and they had no other planes to come get us. They offered us a hotel voucher for the night and a shuttle to get us there. All staff was apologetic and understanding, which made it easier to stomach. We knew within an hour when our flight would be going out, which was the next day (a Tuesday when they don't even fly out on Tuesdays) at the same time. We got to the airport and checked our bag and they price our boarding passes since we couldn't access them online. They gave us more.food vouchers, gave us vouchers for another flight discount within the year, remembered me from the day before and moved us along expeditiously AND the costly snacks and beverages on the plane were free to all! I understand things happen and I appreciate them not putting my son and I on a broken plane. But they were gracious and sincere about what a problem this may be to some. But they made up for it with the vouchers and discounts without someone demanding this. I will definitely fly with them again!"
"Jacksonville to Memphis. I was a little nervous after some of the reviews, but my first experience with Allegiant wasn't bad. Tickets were inexpensive. Allegiant is for those who want to simply get from Point A to Point B for the best price. Our check in bag weighed less than 40 pounds so we did not have to pay extra for that. We printed our boarding passes at home so we did not have to pay the fee to print them there. We had 2 backpacks we took on that we kept under our seats and checked in our one suitcase. Seats were comfortable to me. On flight food and drink - yeah you have to pay and originally we didn't plan on it, but $2.00 for a soda was perfectly reasonable and the Kids Snack Pack was $5.00 and it came with a pin. My son loved it. As much as we saved with the flight ticket prices, 9 bucks for 2 sodas and a kids meal pack wasn't bad at all. Check in attendants, pilot and flight attendants were friendly. Our flight was delayed but only by about 20 minutes. No major issues. Will very likely fly them again."
"Verified Review | Tulsa to New Orleans. I just completed flight 1 of a 2 flight trip. I spent time reading many Allegiant reviews just before boarding, and I can say the negative reviews were unfounded. I boarded the plane, flew to my destination and disembarked. It met my minimal expectations, I got that for which I paid. Job well done. The flight was delayed 30-45 mins but I was informed of that before I left my house. As other reviews have indicated this is an ala carte experience. Anything beyond getting a seat on the plane will cost you. Read website info carefully to minimize extra charges. We did experience some charges but still a very reasonable cost. I will make a return flight in a few days and provide an update."
"We flew from Kansas City to St. Petersburg, FL and then back. We had absolutely no issues on either flight. Both flights were on time. I was impressed with the comfortable seating (better than Southwest in my opinion). I was very skeptical to book this airline after reading all of the negative reviews of delays and cancellations so I wanted to add a very positive review. One thing I can tell you is that I have a friend that did experience a delay from Kansas City to FL but she was given vouchers for a hotel stay and food. So maybe they are improving in that regard (not sure). I will surely fly again. Unbeatable price, great seating, great staff, great pilot, great trip! They also had great options for snacks in my opinion. Yes, they do cost extra. However, I did see others bringing their own snacks aboard."
"Verified Review | This round trip flight with Allegiant Air was on time, well managed and efficient. the plane was clean and comfortable and the staff professional and polite. I have read a few complaints about this airline, but for me everything was just fine, no complaints from Punta Gorda FL to Rockford Il."
"Verified Review | My Allegiant Air flight from Bellingham to Las Vegas was scheduled to leave at 527 pm, arrive 8:03 pm. As I arrived at the border, I received a text saying it was delayed until 9pm. Well after more than one delay, we landed in Vegas just after 3am. The delay, it seemed was due to mechanical issues. While it inconvenienced both myself and the person picking me up in Vegas, I would rather have a safe plane than attempt to be on time with a malfunctioning place. And this is not the first time I have had a delay (with other airlines). They emailed out $50 vouchers to the passengers (I haven't had an airline do that before). It's a nuisance that they charge for on board luggage, seat selection, even water, but the other airlines charge for some of those things too. They don't provide the same prices tho. The website is easy to use, and so far, of the flights I took or my friend in Vegas has taken to come up to Bellingham, this is the first incident with Allegiant. Staff is friendly enough, and I am not paying for seat selection, and coming home on the airbus, I managed to sleep a little of the way. No real complaints."
"Flew Allegiant Air from Omaha Airport to St. Pete–Clearwater. The seat was a little uncomfortable but was great price, great service, on time, smooth flight with the usual food. Loading and unloading was quick and staff were very helpful. I would definitely recommend this airline. Cheap, direct flights are definitely worth the price."
"Stockton to Phoenix–Mesa return with Allegiant Air. After the bad reviews I thought I would give my good review. I haven't flown in about 10 years and after reading bad reviews I was upset at myself that I didn't check before I bought. Anyway, I guess I was lucky to have no delays, the plane was on time leaving and landing round trip. The staff was great, very nice and no problems. The flights were great and I will fly with Allegiant Air again."
"Allegiant Air seems to get a bad rap however as someone who flies a lot and has status on other airlines I wanted to share my recent experience. This is the 2nd time I've flown Allegiant. I made my reservations with Allegiant because 1) It was half the price of the major airlines and 2) It was a direct flight from Springfield, Mo to Las Vegas. I paid extra for priority seating and carrying my bag on the plane. I printed my boarding pass off at home and then downloaded the app so I had it in my phone as well. This way I never had to deal with the counter. I always have snacks on me so the fact that you had to pay for Snacks/drinks (water too) didn't bother me. I also didn't think the seats were uncomfortable or there was a leg room issue. If you fly a lot most planes these days have decreased their legroom so for 3 hours it wasn't a big deal. My only \"complaint\" is that departure time seems to be a suggestion. We left about 45 minutes late. The boarding process was slow so be prepared for that. I would suggest paying the $15ish fee and get priority boarding and a seat at the front of the plane. I thought the staff were friendly and I would fly them again. I've had worse experiences with the major airlines. You just need to know what to expect."
"Bellingham to San Diego. I would only recommend this airline when you're flying somewhere less then 4 hours away. The legroom was ok, but the snacks were a little overpriced, there was friendly service. But flights from LAX get delayed and the airport waiting areas are not good. At Bellingham the airport is perfect."
"Flew Pittsburgh to Sanford with Allegiant Air. Got the ticket for a good price and didn't have any issues with them. Carry on fee was an ok price. The only downside to the flight was that the seats were not very comfortable. If I was flying for longer than 2 hours I would probably go with another airline. The seats didnt recline and were on the smaller side. But all in all not too bad."
"Bismarck to Las Vegas. The key to using Allegiant is to be realistic in your expectations. It is a budget airline that uses business tactics different than the major carriers to stay profitable. That means, older aircraft, younger crews, and gotcha games. If you can accept that and live with some minor first-world inconveniences, the cheap tickets are well worth it, especially for families like ours. Our flights were on time and comfortable. The crew wasn't overly friendly, but professional nonetheless. My only complaint is their iPhone App for boarding tickets. Though it is a good concept, the app caused my phone to freeze up right at the TSA checkpoint. Quite embarrassing. Overall we will use again without question."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Minot. Was an excellent flight from start to finish. On time, actually slightly early, crew and staff we dealt with from baggage to flight crews were all very friendly. Flight went smoothly, had enough leg room and I'm 6'2\". Bags weighed in at what I prechecked them at. As far as any extra charges for seating and luggage, etc. we knew what we were paying for as we actually read and selected what we wanted beforehand. We brought our own snacks and water bottles. Still way cheaper than any other airline option and was the only airline to offer a direct flight. Plane was older but in the end was all good!"
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Clearwater/St. Petersburg. I flew priority boarding with two granddaughters. I would like to commend the ground crew in Syracuse for their caring hospitality. The ladies at check in were more than accommodating and could not have been more polite. The gentleman who transported me in the wheelchair also was polite and friendly. This made for such a relaxing way to start our flight. The girls were allowed to go along with me through the whole boarding procedure. Thank you grounds crew in Syracuse from Allegiant Airlines and the crew of flight 843."
"Bellingham WA to Los Angeles CA with Allegiant Air. Our family has been flying down to LA for about a month each week for medical treatments. Allegiant has been on time and the check in / boarding pass system works well. If you are travelling with kids the online check in will not allow you to check in if you did not pre select your seats for a fee. I have had negative experiences with this airline in the past but it is exceeding expectations largely in part to the new aircraft on this route. Be warned that you can experience very long delays with this airline with no compensation."
"Indianapolis to Sanford, and I loved it - it was a straight flight (2 hours) and you can't beat the price. If you can give up your snack for a cheaper ticket, then I will do that. We checked in on our phones and it was super easy. I hope they can keep their prices down - we will definitely be using this airline again. Thank you Allegiant Air."
"Taking the time to read the information on Allegiant Air's website would alleviate a lot of bad reviews. Allegiant is a budget airline. Absolutely everything beyond a seat on the plane costs extra. I booked a very cheap flight and knew what I was getting so I was pleased. The Allegiant personnel in OKC were wonderful and helpful. I was putting my teenager on a plane alone for the first time and they offered, without me asking, to give me a gate pass to walk her through security and to the gate. Great, friendly service. To avoid extra, surprise charges, read all the info on their website. Book all luggage when you book the flight or incur greater charges at the airport. Even carry on luggage costs. Only a purse or laptop is free. Print your own boarding pass. Bring your own snack."
"We have flown with Allegiant Air on 4 occasions round-trip from Bangor to St.Pete/Clearwater. We have never encountered any issues. Flights have been on time and smooth. The price is right but remember that this is an economy airline so expect that you will have to pay extra for baggage (entitled to one free personal bag), seat selection (free otherwise), and any and all snacks (bring your own). There is no inflight entertainment so bring your own tablet or laptop with movies, music downloaded."
"Excellent flight from Charleston to St. Pete-Clearwater with Allegiant Air. Low cost. Fee for checked and carry on bags. Left on time. Nice seats on jet. Air crew were efficient and friendly. Quick direct flight to sunshine and then home. In airport staff both locations seemed friendly and efficient too. Enjoyed my trip which I rarely say about flying."
"Amazing bang for the buck. My girlfriend and I flew round trip for $320, combined! Yes, the seats do not recline. Yes, you have to pay for assigned seats. Yes, you have to pay for snacks. But, if you are a low maintenance traveler like we are, this is the airline for you."
"Allegiant offers flights at a great value. My flight both to and from my destination were on time. Both flights were smooth, and I felt like I was in very capable hands with the pilots. The flight attendants on both flights were friendly and helpful. I would book Allegiant again."
"First time flying with Allegiant Air from Los Angeles to Honolulu and it was much better than we expected based on the negative reviews. Both flights were on time, boarding was organized and efficient, and the flight itself was very smooth. All employees were personable and friendly. They were helpful to passengers who needed any assistance finding their seat, putting luggage away, etc. We had no challenges with our carry on luggage so no additional charges. We found the snack and drink prices reasonable, $4-5 for snacks and $2 for water and soft drinks. Most people did take their own food and drinks on board and the crew picked up all trash in a timely fashion. We will fly Allegiant again in a few months. We paid about $628 for two RT Los Angeles to Honolulu flights and look forward to saving money again. No WiFi so we took books. No reclining seat so take a neck pillow. These are small inconveniences for the money saved."
"Niagara Falls to Orlando Sanford, and this is our third time flying Allegiant. Never had any issues and this flight was the best so far. We flew with three kids under 3 and the stewardesses were beyond amazing. Super helpful, accommodating and went out of their way to make our flight as easy as possible. Would recommend."
"Bellingham to Vegas, and I have flown with Allegiant Air several times over the years and not once had an issue with service or flights. Flight crew are friendly and flights have been on time and best pricing. You get free beverages and snacks, with the option to purchase meals which are quite nice. Try Allegiant Air for great service!"
"We flew Allegiant Air out of Fort Wayne to Punta Gorda and the flight was little late because of weather, so not a big deal. On the flight back a little delayed because plane before us was waiting for six lost people again not big deal. However when we get home I found a 100$ charge from them - so three phone calls later (45min) each wait (had to hang up twice). I was told I was charged because of my personal items. Well how do you charge someone and not tell them?! That is what their people told me and I could only get a voucher with an extention (which I pushed for because we are not sure when we can go again). Then I get an invoice last night that says the reason I was charged is due to my checked bag being overweight. I know for a fact it was 36 lbs because I joked to my husband that we could have bought some more stuff. So the questions that begs to be answered - how can I be told two different things and the agent checking us in never said that we would be charged. In my opinion that's just wrong. So check your bill carefully!"
"First time I flew Allegiant Air, it was recommended by a friend. I was impressed with the amount I paid, everyone was very nice. I have never flown alone so i was nervous but the stewardess told me if I was still nervous to let her know and they would do everything possible to keep me at ease. The plane was clean. My flight arrived early and was a great ride. I will continue to fly this airline they make it affordable to come home to see family more often. give them a try. I didn't need to check a bag so there was no added cost for that. Thank you for making it affordable to fly."
"Used Allegiant Air to fly from Appleton to Phoenix on December 22nd and returned today January 3rd. Very clean timely and professional staff. Saved a lot on airfare over Southwest and got comparable service - happy all the way around. We don't need all the extra add on so it's very economical. For people that don't understand the charges, study the website closer before you book your trip - it's pretty easy people, figure it out."
"We have flown several times on Allegiant Air and last night makes the second time that we have been late, and they don't offer much of an answer to anything. This company is very hard to communicate with. We had a flight sometime back from Florida to NC with no weather issues and the plane was very late and no explanation was really offered. Yesterday afternoon we should have been on a 2:49 pm flight and they said the flight was diverted and would be late. The times for arrival kept changing. The plane finally got us to Greenville SC late in the evening. No apology except by the captain in flight. If you don't like the high risk of being late then go for the no frills ride. I think we will pay the extra money and get less boundaries on luggage, seating etc with a major airline."
"We've flown on Allegiant a half dozen or so times and are very happy with every aspect of all our flights. When we flew in October, the incoming plane had mechanical issues in Fl, and our flight eventually was delayed overnight. Allegiant processed the full plane of passengers as quickly as they could and got anyone who had to travel over 30 minutes to get home put up in a local hotel. As we waited in line for our hotel vouchers, the crew passed out bottled water and chocolates and chatted with us to help ease the wait. In addition to a night in a hotel (which probably cost them more than what we paid for our flight to begin with!) we each got a $100 voucher for future travel - we are using it in January and will end up flying round trip from NH to FL for $13, plus the cost of picking our seats because my hubbs likes a window, and because of motion sickness, I need an aisle seat - and we both like the extra leg room seats. So for a grand total of $79, we have the seats of our choice and round trip fare. I find Allegiant customer service to be quite pleasant. The seats are as OK as most that I have had on other airlines - it's a 3 hour flight, I can sit in almost anything as long as I have room for my longish legs. All in all, we continue to fly Allegiant and are very happy with their rates, their service, and their airline in general. We are minimalist and can each fit what we need for a 10-12 day stay into a bag that conforms to Allegiant's standards for a free personal item that stows under the seat in front of us - but, having said that, if we needed to check bags, it would be more than worth the extra charge since parking at the terminal in Portsmouth, NH is free. If we were to go to Manchester or Boston to fly, we'd have to pay probably over $100 to park for 10-12 days"
"I had a great experience with Allegiant Air! Everyone was decent and cordial. The stewardesses were polite and so were the pilots. I did my part and arrived at the times I should and everything went smoothly. The seats were ok, I'm 5'8 and for the cost of the ticket I'm not complaining. I'm not the type of person who needs bells and whistles when I fly. I just want to get to my destinations safely. I should add I have a massive fear of flying and taking off scares me greatly. You can get your alcohol and snacks like with anyone else. So for anyone looking to book with Allegiant I say go for it, the money you save can be put towards better use on your vacation or drinks on the plane. BTW the price difference was about 200 bucks compared to other airlines for an adult and child."
"I was nervous at first to fly Allegiant Air because I had never flown it before and I saw a lot of bad reviews of it . Though you get what you pay for, it's a really good value. So what If you have to pay for a snack and drink you can buy that before boarding. The staff was very nice. However flying home from Punta Gorda was kinda stressful. They had to switch out our plane because the other one broke but the new plane they gave us was great. Very nice and comfortable. It took no time at all for boarding. I will definitely fly Allegiant again."
"Personally, I've never had a horrible experience with Allegiant Air, and I've flown with them 3 years in a row for our annual trip from Grand Forks, ND to Orlando/Sanford, FL. The price is right, and my husband and I are able to pack both of our things in one suitcase, so we only have to pay to check one bag. You are allowed a personal item free of charge, so I normally use a backpack. I've never been cold on an allegiant flight, normally warm. Though temperature varies and that's to be expected with any airplane. I've never encountered a rude stewardess. In fact we've had the same male stewardess for all of our flights back from Florida, who is friendly and personable. Seats aren't the most comfortable, however I can deal with it for 3.5 hours. I always buy a few drinks from the airport, and pack snacks from home, so that I can avoid having to pay for something on the plane. Restrooms are fine. Overall, I've found that there have been no surprises. Just read the FAQ on their website and you'll know what to expect."
"We were a little worried after hearing some stories from past customers regarding late or cancelled flights, but we were pleased with our experience. The base price of $93 round trip was the draw. Even with all the extra charges (seat selection, luggage charge, etc.) The total came to $233 for the 2 of us. When checking in on-line we opted to change to the front seats for and extra $6. The flight left and landed 15 minutes early! The Punta Gorda Airport is tiny (but growing) with only 6 gates. We didn't have to wait at all for our bags and parking is free. Our return trip to Pittsburgh did leave and land 30 minutes late. We would definitely fly Allegiant again."
"My husband and I have been flying with Allegiant Air for over a year. Something like 6 round trips. We are more than satisfied with our experiences. The last time we flew in Oct, our 6:45 PM flight was cancelled due to mechanical issues with the plane before it left FL to come to NH. Although Allegiant employees rarely have flights cancelled, and are not regularly using the cancellation procedures, the Portsmouth staff treated us with respect and kindness. They made arrangements for us to be put up in a local hotel that offered free breakfast. They passed out bottles of water and Lindt chocolates as we waited in line. Allegiant had us on our way to Sanford early the next afternoon. The plane we flew down on, was a different one than we were originally booked on, and the extra leg room we paid for wasn't available. Allegiant credited that extra charge back to our debit card, and gave us each a voucher for $100 toward future travel. Considering we can book flights for $54 one way, that's a good deal in my mind. We are not employees of Allegiant, nor are we related in any way to any employees. We are 2 people who appreciate a good value. We have learned the art of minimal baggage and can get by for 10 days with what will fit in the free personal item that will fit under the seat. We pay a great rate for only what we use. That we appreciate. We are looking forward to our next travel with Allegiant Air"
"First-time flyer and I'll be back! Allegiant is new to Fort Lauderdale, but the price was too good to pass up ($44 one-way to where I wanted to go at the last minute). Friends had warned me it might not be pleasant, but I gotta hand it to Allegiant. For about $120, they got me on time to where I wanted to go - far less than what I would have paid on a larger airline. And it was one of the best crews I've seen on any flight. Everyone gets the same seat on the A320, doesn't recline, no roomy pocket to store stuff. But the seat was comfy, and it got me there. Boarding was a breeze, they're very upfront about all the extras they charge for, so if you know that ahead of time, it's perfectly fine. The staff was great, some of the best service I've ever experienced. Everyone was friendly, helpful, even the captain came out and said goodbye as everyone was getting off the plan (both flights). A woman two seats over suffered from awful motion sickness on the return flight/landing, and the flight attendant was amazingly helpful. Got her an ice pack, stood there for about 10 minutes and fanned her with a safety card to cool her down, talked to her the whole time. Very wonderful service. I will fly again, especially if I need to save money to get from Point A to Point B."
"Mesa Gateway to Williston, and I can't thank Allegiant Air enough! I had my service dog, they were so accommodating, and welcoming. The flight was on time both ways, the service couldn't be better. I have flown Allegiant before from the Midwest and have always been satisfied. I look forward to flying with them again over the Thanks Giving season!"
"I have flown Allegiant Air several times and the experience has been just fine concidering the huge savings. My family of 4 flies to SW Florida for vacation each year and we can fly direct from our local airport 1.5 hour flight. Our latest trip ran $412 plus $140 for 2 checked bags. The next least expensive option was American. It would have been $2332 plus $100 for 2 checked bags. It also includes a connection in Charlotte and takes 4 hours. Nearly $1900 less. The difference is less than our vacation rental is for the entire week after taxes and cleaning. I always get my boarding pass online and check the bags with a sky cap. You just show your boarding passes on your phone to the gate and you're on the plane. Alot of people on here are saying they'd pay more for larger carrier and I have to say go ahead. I also can't agree that the airline nickel and dimes people. I'll happily pay less for things I don't need. As for the customer service, I never need anything from them so I let them do their job. Of course they're rude when people complain all the time about everything. You are getting a killer deal on a flight so get over it."
"On October 5th we were to fly from Allentown, Pa to Orlando Fla. We were to leave Allentown at 8:30pm. The flight was moved back to 12:10am October 6th, our plane was stuck in a storm in South or North Carolina. They had to bring a plane from the mid west to service Orlando then to Allentown and back to Orlando. We got free sodas, water, and they brought about 30 pizzas free for everyone. They kept everything open at both ends for us, car rentals etc. We arrived about 3:00 in Orlando. Everyone connected with the airline was super courteous and friendly even under trying conditions. I thank the staff at both ends and the flight crew."
"South Bend to St Pete–Clearwater. Overall, flying with Allegiant wasn't bad. Got me there in one piece, and crew were friendly. Our flight was delayed for an hour or so, but that's not too overwhelming. Overall, a pleasant experience."
"I was hesitant to use Allegiant Air because of the poor reviews but decided to try it because of the incredible price. My husband and I both flew the same route 2 weeks apart. His flight was slightly delayed landing but only by a few minutes. Both of my flights were on time. I had no issues and we will definitely fly this airline again. I see people complaining about buying refreshments on the flight. This can be avoided by buying a drink after you go through security and bringing snacks from home if you don't want to buy the snacks. This flight was $400 cheaper than the other airline. I booked within 1 week of the flight. The flight attendants were professional and it was an enjoyable flight."
"I fly Allegiant Air round trip a minimum of 4 times a year and have recommended friends and family to fly it as well when they come to Florida to visit. Only on 1 occasion was the flight delayed and that was a trip leaving Memphis to Sanford. I have flown in and out Springfield, Bloomington, and Belleville. I do not know why anyone would complain about paying for a beverage or a snack when the flight rates are so affordable compared to other airlines. I have found the total price is more affordable even when you pay for luggage, snacks, and a seat than the major airlines. I love the direct flight since you do not have to worry about luggage being transferred to a different plane or hurry to a concourse so you don't miss your connecting flight. I have found the flight attendants to be very kind and accommodating. It would be more convenient if they flew out of each town daily in the event a flight was cancelled. We have choices with Allegiant and can control to a degree the amount we spend and I have chosen to fly Allegiant."
"Allegiant Air offers a great saving value ticket compared to the other airlines. All the website details were very clear, regarding allowed sizes of the luggage and the 5$ fee in case you didn't make your booking before you arrive to the airport, etc. The staff were friendly and helpful, the airplane was clean and had comfortable seats. If you want a snack you can bring your own or buy one from them. The only bad thing about this airlines is that it has limited destinations in the US, wished that it goes to other states."
"We had a good experience with Allegiant Air. Flight from FLL was delayed about an hour due thunderstorms, lightning in the area, and some airport related fueling issues but nothing the fault of the airline. No big deal to us, we were coming off a cruise and were in no rush anyway. The plane we flew on was a freshly refurbished A320 originally from Iberia and looked very fresh with new paint, interior, and seats. The slimline seats aren't bad for a couple hour flight (I'm 6'0\") and as long as you learn how to fly and pack for the discount airlines like Allegiant Air or Frontier you won't be shocked when you either book or arrive at the airport. Do your research and read before you book and they'll get you from point A to B which in reality is all we needed. Flew Frontier on the way down to FLL and it was a similar experience and seats. Only difference I noticed was that Frontier provides you with free cups of ice water where as Allegiant asks you to pay for even that but thats a non issue to us. Flight crew was nice and pilot was humorous during his announcements. All in all as I mentioned before if you simply do your homework and know what to expect on low cost airlines you should not have any reason to complain and they'll get you where you need to go."
"I thought the experience with Allegiant Air was good and everything was very easy and on time. I booked through their website (roundtrip, rental car, hotel) for a stay of 4 nights for a total of USD 397 including everything. The airport out of St Pete is small and very easy to navigate, not crowded when I went. I would say the price is decent, I stayed at a 3.5 star hotel and got a nice rental car. The food and beverage offered on the plane is limited, but nothing to complain about. I would recommend for a cheaper alternative that is comfortable and safe."
"I liked my flight with Allegiant Air, they worked with me on changing my flight and the telephone customer service was very good. However, the customer service they have at the gate was subpar, the staff seem disgruntled and pretty much ignored me when I tried asking a question."
"My wife and I flew down to Naples for the weekend and Allegiant was the only direct flight from Raleigh/Durham. We were a little apprehensive after ready some reviews but they saved us over $800 for the same flight with other airlines and 3-5 hours of flight time. Yes, we had to get picked up at the airport as our destination was Naples, but it was only 30 minutes farther than Ft. Meyers. The flight was perfect, the seating was comfortable and the staff was friendly. I can certainly recommend this airline to anyone flying from Raleigh to the 3 destinations in Florida."
"Overall I was satisfied with Allegiant Air. After reading reviews I realized I would not be saving any money compared to another airline (they do charge for absolutely everything on top of the apparently cheap fare) however I still chose them because they were flying direct from our small local airport, at a time of day that was convenient for me. Crew was friendly and efficient. They walked us through the process of doing a few things on our Iphone right at the airport, instead of making us pay for them to do it (like printing boarding passes for instance, and checking in more luggage). So yes, they were aware that the airline charges for a lot of stuff but they were more than happy to show us ways to cut down on our spending a bit. Aircraft was fairly new. No bells and whistles: very basic seats that do not recline, and no personal TV monitor. Oh well, it was a 2.5 hour flight, and I was not expecting anything luxurious. I was just happy to get to my destination safely and on time. That's pretty much all I ask of an airline these days, especially at this price! No problem with baggage delivery. Note: they do not offer a plastic bag to wrap your baby car seat in."
"I was anxious prior to flying with Allegiant Air because of all the bad reviews. Flew round trip and had no issues with either flight. Both were on time and crew was friendly. Definitely no frills, but you get what you pay for."
"I don't understand all the bad reviews? This airline does what it says. It gets you from point A to point B for a fraction of the big airline prices. I had a direct flight with not having to go through Atlanta airport. Thats what ppl should complain about it's a madhouse. As far as my flight it was perfect departed on time (that's never happened on other aircrafts I've flown in the past) so what if you have to buy your drinks etc for the price who cares to spend 2.00 extra on a flight. My boyfriend and I flew for $224 that's including checking a bag and paying to sit together big deal. Other airlines were well over $1000. The staff were very friendly. I have nothing but good things to say. Give it a try for short flights."
"This was my first time flying Allegiant Air. Wasn't sure what to expect but I was very plesed with the experience. At Niagara Falls we were late, just 20 minutes before departure but they accepted checking bags at plane door and moved it to cargo without extra charge. On the way back, my Allegiant Air app didn't work. Showed some secured connection issue (have to open browser and accept conditions). The counter agent said since I have the Allegiant Air app, he believes that I had boarding pass, saved me $20."
"If you go to the University of Oregon or OSU, this is pretty much your only way to LA for cheap. I never actually had any major problems, but a few minor issues. After flying them about 3-4 times last year to come home, I quickly learned it is the same pilot and first officer, sometimes flight crew. They are all incredibly nice and even joke around with the 95% college student-filled flights.However, when I was flying home in May, my plane was supposed to leave at 9.26am for LAX. The night before at approximately 11.45pm, I get a call saying the plane is delayed two hours due to mechanical problems. I get to the airport the next morning and it is delayed another hour because the plane was delayed in SFO for weather-related issues. Finally board the plane and didn't have any issues. When I arrived for my flight back to EUG, it was delayed about 20 minutes, but had us board the plane anyway. The pilot tells us they were adding more gas just in case we are diverted to Portland which is 3 hours from Eugene. We sat on the tarmac for another hour before departing and getting to Eugene safely."
"I have to admit after reading all the articles, I was a bit nervous flying Allegiant but my experience was a very positive one. We had to wait a bit to check in, but it wasn't too long or too bad. Staff were courteous, helpful and cheerful. This is no frills airline and one should investigative all add on charges. They don't serve complimentary soft drinks or snacks and you do have to pay for carry ons, but the overall savings was a plus. I would fly with Allegiant again."
"We have absolutely no complaints and would fly with them again. We did not encounter any delays, cancellations, and hidden fees like other reviews stated. Having said that Allegiant only flys the Pittsburgh to Myrtle Beach route seasonally. I don't know if that's possibly why we did not encounter any problems. As far as the free personal item that can be carried on and worrying with measurements I didn't even see any employee even concerning themselves with measuring anything that was carried on."
"First time flying this airline. Couldn't beat the deal to get to Orlando for family vacation. On the way down - no problems. Had the bulkhead seats and were quite comfortable. Was a little surprised by the request to clean the area and set the seat belts for the crew. On our way home I was asked to remove my earbuds (not plugged into anything) before takeoff. This was quite surprising as I was using them as earplugs to drown out the sound of the young child behind me who was throwing a fit and kicking the seats. After I took out my earbuds I covered up with my wrap and tried to get some rest (it was an early morning). The attendant tapped me on my shoulder while I was sleeping to ask if my seatbelt was fastened - and he had just been there to see that it was fastened and my earbuds were out. Not a happy or comfortable flight for me."
"Our flight out of Pittsburgh was delayed due to a mechanical problem with the aircraft. The gate agents tried their very best to keep everyone informed. It was a very long delay, we were scheduled to leave early morning and never departed until very late evening. They eventually re-routed another plane to Pittsburgh to fly us to Jacksonville. Delays and mechanic problems can happen, I wouldn't want to fly on a questionable aircraft. I believe Allegiant did all that they could do, things just happen. We were given water and snacks at the gate while we all waited and thank goodness for the great nearby bars/restaurants in the airport. Allegiant is a low cost budget carrier, so, you get want you pay for. A no frills airline. How can you complain even with the long delay, (mechanical problems and weather) do happen, the airlines doesn't have control over those things. For the cost of the flights, even with the carry on and boarding fees you can't beat their prices. You need to understand, that Allegiant does not have co-shares with the major airlines so they cannot put you on another flight with another airline, so you are stuck and have to wait for them to fix the problem. I'm sure they don't want unhappy customers any more than we want to be unhappy customers. I say give them a try, do plan extra time and remember, you are flying for a very low fare, decide if paying triple on a major airlines for the same flight is worth it. Our return flight was on time and very pleasant."
"I didn't check in luggage and just took a carry on. The flight left a few minutes late due to typical afternoon storms in Florida. We made up the time in the air and arrived on time in Huntington. The flight crew were friendly, seats were comfortable, I picked the emergency row for more leg room, at little to no extra cost than other seats. On the way back, we arrived ahead of schedule. I thought the value was great. You do get nickel and dimed for little things, so bring your own snacks and water."
"I was a nervous wreck for 2 weeks leading up to this trip due to the horrible reviews. This flight was delayed approx 30 min. Boarding was fast and efficient. Crew was friendly, not overly nice, not rude. Flight was uneventful. Would I fly again? I will let you know after the return flight Aug 1st. I had no horrible complaints but no rave reviews either. You get what you pay for."
"Couldn't have been better. Ground crew and flight crew were professional. Plane was on time during both flights round trip. Will fly Allegiant again!"
"We booked our trip a few months ago and just recently Allegiant has been in the news for delayed flights, mechanical issues, poor customer service etc. so of course we were worried about our flight. Our flight out of South Bend was very pleasant. Boarding went rather quickly and the staff were very nice. The flight went well and landing was smooth. We arrived in Vegas on time. Our flight home today went the same way and we arrived 20 mins early."
"Booked my ticket for $199/RT total, which included airfare, taxes, and 1 checked bag each way. You can't beat that. The check-in process online was fast and simple, as was the check-in process at the airports. All staff that I encountered were very friendly. The overall experience was great and I will be flying with them again. Most of the complaints that I have read are in regards to \"hidden\" fees. If you read all of the fine print on Allegiant's website, there are no surprises. This is an inexpensive no frills airline. You will pay for everything including carry-ons, beverages (yes, even water), even printing boarding passes at the airport. Also one thing to keep in mind is the checked bag weight limit is 40 lbs, instead of the standard 50 lbs with other airlines. This too is stated on their website. Bottom line, Allegiant is an excellent inexpensive way to get from point A to point B, just remember you're getting what you pay for."
"I spontaneously bought bargain tickets on Allegiant, then read numerous negative reviews. After reading those, I was very uneasy about flying Allegiant to Florida, especially with two young children. Our non-stop round trip from Columbus to Fort Lauderdale was one of the easiest experiences that I've had with an airline. The price was half of the competition, all flights were on schedule, the planes were clean, and staff were courteous. The plane's seats were not plush, but were more than adequate in size. We will be flying with Allegiant again!"
"I hear all sorts of complaints with Allegiant Air online and my personal experiences with this airline have all be very positive. Besides getting the best fare, I only end up paying for what I want. All employees I've had contact with have been pleasant, helpful and courteous. No, you don't get a free bag, a free carry-on, a free soda or any other complimentary items. If you want them you pay for it. I'd always been a fan of Southwest, due to their renegade ways in bringing down the cost of flights, but Allegiant has beaten them at their own game. While I'd be willing to put up with some issue for the sort of savings I get from this carrier, but as of this date, I have no complaints with Allegiant Air."
"We fly Allegiant often. Typically no problems. No frills, which is fine by me. The only issue with Allegiant is with calling customer service. The last time I was on hold for 45 minutes and gave up. Today, I have been on hold for an hour and 15 minutes and counting. I know they want everything self-service on the web. Sometimes getting help from a rep is required - today is one of those days."
"Our flight had been delayed 4 hours due to mechanical problems, the staff was wonderful - helpful and friendly. The airline supplied pizza and soda or water. Everyone on the plane seemed relaxed and understood the staff were all working hard and doing their best."
"Allegiant Air is a discount airline and as such all extras will cost extra to keep the ticket price low. So if you can travel with just a small back pack sized carry on you won't pay for bags but otherwise any larger size bag is going to cost extra. Drinks and snacks on the plane will cost extra, but you can bring your own snacks for free of course if you think ahead. Seats are not as comfortable as a United or larger carrier, they don't recline and they aren't as cushy. But the upside is that my flight was a direct flight and the price was super low. I think it was $65 one way or something ridiculous like that, not even on sale. Staff were friendly, and I had no issues whatsoever."
"My husband and I frequently fly from Chattanooga to Florida. We have always viewed the value as very high for what you pay. We would pay at least double for a Delta flight to the same locations. We have only had one flight ever delayed and it was only for an hour. Considering that on any other airline, we would have a layover of at least this long, it has never deterred us. We always choose to pay for our seats close to the front and have never had an issue with the checked bag fees. As long as the item you bring with you will fit in under the seat in front of you, you can consider this item a personal item instead of a carry on. We have always managed to have our backpacks with us without any additional fees by putting them under the seat in front of us instead of in the overhead bins. For half price flights to Florida, the value is great! We have never had a real complaint and are planning on taking another flight with them this fall."
"First trip was on May 2, 2015 from Punta Gorda to Pittsburgh. My wife and I paid for seat assignments that were not necessary as the plane was half full. Contrary to a lot of reviews, our experience was fine. The Allegiant representative in Punta Gorda was very friendly and set the pace for the rest of the trip. We have booked two more trips to Punta Gorda and hope we don't have the bad experiences that others have had."
"Flew from Las Vegas to Cincinnati on May 14. Flight took off and landed on time. All employees were friendly professional and helpful. The flight was comfortable. I paid extra to choose my seat and check my bag and both were worth it. Even with the extra charges it cost more that $200 less than Delta. I will definitely fly Allegiant in the future."
"Flight 755 from New Orleans (MSY) to Indianapolis (IND) on May 8. For fear of delayed flights we only took Allegiant home from New Orleans to Indy because a delayed flight would negatively affect us less in that case. I'm sure in part we were just lucky with our plane customer service and such - our plane was fabulous. The seats were very comfortable. There was so much leg room. Our flight was on time to leave and land. The employees were a little disengaged but not rude. It wasn't an issue or a benefit. The only hiccup was the flight attendant who told us immediately that some seats including ours were getting some dripping and mist from some sort of condensation overhead. She moved us up 12 rows to avoid it. We were lucky that the plane was only 40-50% full so we had three seats to share between the two of us. Per sitting together I'm sure the less-than-full flight helped but we checked in right at the 24 hours prior mark which I hoped would better ensure us sitting together. I have no doubt anyone on the flight could've switched seats to be together in they wanted - perhaps flight attendants are kinder to do that than in-airport staff who don't want to make things hard on the inner staff? Tips: 1) Read all FAQ and prices. 2) Check in as early as possible. 3) Go in expecting potential delays and such. Will continue to use them."
"Overall our experience flying Allegiant was pleasant and as expected (flew from PIA to PIE). They are very particular and charge for every \"extra\" along the way but to be able to take my family on a direct flight from our local airport at such a low cost is worth any perceived hassle. Flight out was delayed by about 30 minutes return flight arrived early. We were traveling as a party of 6 (including 1 lap child) and were able to get seats together on both flights even though we had not paid for assigned seats in advance. Not sure if this was because the flight was not full or if we just lucked out. I had to check in at the airport with our infant so got a paper ticket there but needed to check in the rest of the group using their app to avoid the $5 ticket fee. The app had assigned seats all together when we checked in. Unfortunately on the way back we were running late to the airport and they close the online check-ins 60 minutes before departure so we were forced to pay the $5 fee for the additional tickets (the agent gave us all seats together without us even asking). We choose to take two checked bags and each had a personal item. I was surprised by the very small dimensions for the personal items they didn't seem to be monitoring closely the size of these at our airports but I wasn't wanting to be caught with a surprise carry-on fee so we made sure our luggage fit within the size limitations. We did get caught on the way back with one overweight bag but they gave us an opportunity to move things into our personal items to avoid the extra weight fee. Total cost for 5 round-trip airfare tickets with 2 checked bags was"
"Allegiant airline was exactly what I thought it would be - a cheap direct flight no frills but efficiently and effectively got me from point A to point B. I was very worried having read all the reviews but most people only come to sights like this when they have negative things to say but I can't say anything extremely negative - sure the seats didn't recline and weren't very comfortable and I wasn't given free snacks/drinks but I knew this going in. Will definitely fly Allegiant again! Great value."
"Syracuse to Fort Lauderdale 4/17/15. Fort Lauderdale to Syracuse 4/20/15. Both flights delayed about 40 minutes but was probably due to congestion on runway in fort Lauderdale which delayed arrival in Syracuse. Bought seats 3 months earlier because it was getting old having to drive to Buffalo to get a direct flight. Read their instructions carefully so we knew to check one large piece of luggage and 2 personal items to stow under seat. Paid for two seats in aisle's 10 (flight to Ft Lauderdale) two seats in aisle 11 on return flight. Also paid a little extra for my window seat. All add on fees are stated clearly when you book the flight. Since we booked 3 months in advance and it was not a special holiday weekend we got a good price. With travel insurance the total cost for 2 round trip tickets was $540. The planes may be older but the one we flew was recently refurbished. It is spartan and if the flight was longer my back and bad hip would have paid the price. The leg room is fine (I'm 5'6) and the seats are large enough. They could use a bit more cushioning so maybe next time I bring a cushion. The seats do not recline which is a negative unless the person in front of you would have caused a problem if he or she wanted to. The staff was friendly but you can only buy beverages (no coffee) or calorie galore little snacks (purchase by credit card only) for a modest cost. Bring on board your own food and the problem is solved. They deliver what they advertise. A modest cost direct flight. You won't get stuck with a connecting flight or have to drive to a city with a direct flight. There are no surprises if you read the material. Is a free carry on item cheaper when the total cost is higher. Obviously my opinion would be altered if the delays are endemic and since the planes are old I can imagine the frustration of sitting at an airport for hours awaiting a replacement to arrive. Other interesting titbits. They load the plane from front to back and they keep the boarding pass at the gate (so remember your seat assignment). I was pleased overall. If I want more comfort a different airline might be in order. After all Buffalo is a nice city to visit and fly in and out of (if the thruway is open)."
"After reading some reviews I was a little sceptical seeing how this was my first time using Allegiant Air. The plane departed from Knoxville TN on time and landed in Orlando on time. I looked up bag information online before the flight and there were no surprises as some reviews had mentioned. There were snacks on the plane for sale and the staff was courteous and helpful. The seats on the plane were comfortable as an economy airplane seat can be expected. This is the perfect airline for anyone traveling light or just looking for the best price. Will definitely plan to use Allegiant again in the future."
"We flew from Toledo OH to St Pete/Clearwater this past week. At both airports we were treated courteously and efficiently. We downloaded the Allegiant app and so downloaded our boarding passes for free and with no waste of paper. Perfect. Our flight was short so it didn't matter to us that the seats did not recline. In fact space was tight and reclining seats would have likely caused some conflict. The seats were comfortable but again I wasn't travelling far. We packed our own snacks (cheaper and much healthier) and brought our own drinks on board. No inflight entertainment but a small inconvenience given our cheap our flights were. Love that Allegiant flies into smaller airports as it makes the whole process easier. Very pleased overall and would book with them again."
"It is worth booking with Allegiant only if you book early for the best possible deal and do your homework. I did not do the former but was glad I did the latter (which if you're reading this you are also doing.) Pack light or the charges add up. Bring food and fill a beverage container after security or the charges add up. Print your boarding pass before heading to the airport yup more charges. Finally keep your expectations in check. This airline is a means from A to B not a 'travel experience' on which to build memories. There's no in-flight entertainment or free food. Best for relatively short trips that do not require frequent washroom use. Oh and contrary to many reviews here I found the crew to be attentive good-natured and even humorous."
"We just flew out of Niagara Falls. We are Canadian and saved a lot of money by driving the extra hour or so our only snag was an ice storm we had to drive through. Long story short we sat in the airport all night waiting for our flight to arrive from Sandford after they couldn't land because of poor weather conditions we were all shipped to a local hotel where we stayed at no charge. The next morning we were all given an $8 food voucher and a $100 credit. The airport was small the people were friendly especially the flight attendants to and from Sandford! I will definitely be flying with Allegiant Air again!"
"It is worth booking with Allegiant only if you book early for the best possible deal and do your homework. I did not do the former but was glad I did the latter (which if you're reading this you are also doing.) Pack light or the charges add up. Bring food and fill a beverage container after security or the charges add up. Print your boarding pass before heading to the airport yup more charges. Finally keep your expectations in check. This airline is a means from A to B not a 'travel experience' on which to build memories. There's no in-flight entertainment or free food. Best for relatively short trips that do not require frequent washroom use. Oh and contrary to many reviews here I found the crew to be attentive good-natured and even humorous."
"February 20/15. Just returned home from a RT flight and package from Niagara to Fort Myers. I had read a lot of reviews regarding this airlines. It made me nervous. But our experience was great. If you do your homework before hand you won't be surprised with a lot of extras and confusion. I would definitely fly this airline again. They were slightly late returning home (20 min). This was it unusual for any other airlines we have flown. The luggage arrived on the carousel quickly and without incident. The check in at Niagara was quick and easy. The same couldn't be said about Punta Gourda. We were there in plenty of time but soon became fearful of missing our flight. We didn't but it was close. Both check-in and security were backed up severely. The staff on the plane were great. There was a medical emergency on the plane and they handled it well and kept their cool. All in all the whole experience was every bit as good as any Air Canada flight I've been on. Only complaint would be that they charge for water. Took my own on the returning flight!"
"We had a wonderful experience despite being worried about the bad reviews. 2 adults and 4 children and probably would not have taken this trip were it not for the \"unbundling\" Allegiant does that allowed us to fly people to Florida at only $130 each RT! We definitely \"unbundled by printing boarding passes at home and then at the hotel (savings: $60) and by packing light (4 carry-ons and 6 personal items (backpacks between us. We also flew with children over the age of 11 and chose not to board early (savings) and not to guarantee seats together. Another big savings even though Allegiant did book us all together on one flight and 3 and 3 on the way to Florida so it was not as if we were scattered all over the plane. We brought our own snacks on board (savings!) and we were able to go directly to the gate. The gate agents did not quibble about the size of the kids backpacks which were technically a bit over the size restrictions but we were processed right through happily. The stuffed toys they won in the theme parks their blankets and their food/snacks were allowed on with no problems. Our flight to Florida was right on time and the service was very friendly. We were even allowed to move seats to find window seats for the kids!! On the return we flew just a day after a massive snowstorm in the NE with multiple cancellations and yet our flight had only a 1 hour and 15 minute delay. During the delay I was astonished to see Allegiant set up a \"drink station\" with cups ice an ice scooper and free water and several kinds of sodas in the waiting area at Sanford/Orlando. Considering this was a weather related and very short delay we were amazed by that gesture. Yes you might be \"nickle and dimed\" but only if you feel you must purchase the 'extras' like leg room or extra bags or snacks or if you need someone to print out your boarding pass for you. If you want to have that service great! But for those of us who don't need that service and would rather spend our money at the theme parks on our children - Allegiant is a wonderful option. The flight attendants and gate agents were friendly and the customer service on the phone was top-notch. We will be flying this airline again."
"Very pleasant experience. Would definitely fly with them again. I went out of Concord NC to St. Petersburg FL. I traveled with my cat. Unfortunately my cat screamed the entire flight (something that was I was not expecting). However the flight attendants were very understanding. The seats were comfortable. There was plenty of room under the seat for my pet carrier. I did not order any drinks. However the drink selections looked more than adequate and the prices were comparable to other airlines. This was a short flight (1 hour)."
"Flew Sanford to Asheville 1/26 on time no problems. Our last 12 or so flights have been on time without hassles. We have experienced most if not all of the problems expressed on this board at some time. Know the rules. It will save you headaches."
"Flew from Minot to Phoenix and back on the weekend. The price was right and there were no surprises with luggage costs we read everything online before we left. The staff was very helpful and extremely polite. All flights departed and arrived on time with no delays. Our luggage was unloaded quickly and we were on our way in no time. I would definitely fly with Allegiant again!"
"Flew 1/22/15 from AVL to PIE on time no issues. Last 10 flights have been on time. Remember several things: 1) Check in online at least 1 hour in advance or it costs you $5 per adult2) luggage weight limit is 40lbs or they charge you 3) every flight we have flown has been packed. This is a no frill airline that's adds costs for everything. They fly into small airports not the big ones. Know and follow the rules or it will cost you $."
"I have flown Allegiant Air 8 times in the last 12 months usually with my wife other times with friends and children (a total of over 30 flights). Overall we have had excellent experiences with minimal delays (usually caused by snow storms) and once even arriving early! This airline is very good value for what they charge! I will continue to regularly fly with Allegiant in 2015."
"My wife and I flew from Hagerstown to Sanford/Orlando round trip. The trip was very enjoyable. I will fly Alligiant Air again."
"If you carefully read the website while booking your flights and know and understand exactly what extra fees might apply to you then it's an incredible value. This is truly a \"no frills\" airline. Old generally uncomfortable airplanes but efficient and cordial staff and competent pilots flying out of small airports. I flew Niagara/Buffalo to Sanford and both flights arrived relatively on time (one flight was 15 minutes late due to a handicapped passenger trying to get to and into their seat which is nobody's fault). I paid for my carry on beforehand and while their carry-on sizing is on the small side I was eventually able to fit mine into the sizing holster and be on my way. It was an easy 1hr 20 minute drive to Niagara/Buffalo airport from the east side of Toronto. Parking at Niagara airport is almost like mall parking. Find your spot and you'll be at most a 3 minute walk from your car to the departure desk. I'd downloaded my ticket to my phone so no fee for that and was at the gate with plenty of time to spare. The other benefit was rental car pickup at Sanford is literally a one minute walk out the front door of the terminal. No shuttle/bus to get to rental cars like Orlando Int'l Airport and others. I paid $220 round trip including my carry on baggage fee. The same flight with Air Canada Rouge out of Toronto would have been $600 and for sure would have been a far inferior experience both at the airport and from a service perspective. To put it into perspective a 25 minute taxi ride to get from Toronto to my house is $80 each way. So for $60 more I flew to Florida. Again if you go in knowing that this is total no frills no free entertainment no free food/drinks and you just want to get from A to B in as inexpensive and efficient a manner as possible then I'd have no hesitations recommending Allegiant to anyone. It's rare these days to be pleasantly surprised by an airline experience. Kudos to Allegiant and associated small-time airports."
"Booked a RT for my family for a Christmas vacation from Tulsa to Sanford and this was our first trip on Allegiant. Departed right on time on a MD-80 with a refurbished and comfortable interior. As a frequent traveler who rarely reclines a seat in other planes in consideration of the passenger behind me I was relieved that these seats were not reclined seats so the passenger in front would not infringe on my space. Flight crew was friendly and professional. Return trip was 2 hrs late departing but I got a text message 7 hrs in advance and I adjusted our schedule accordingly and all was well. Return flight was on an A320 in great shape and the crew was friendly and professional. We liked the approach of paying for only the extras you want and the web site was very clear about this so we don't understand why anyone is surprised and can't comprehend the pricing model. Allegiant Air is a good product fairly priced and we will certainly be repeat customers."
"I flew from Hagerstown to Sanford and back five days apart. I found everyone in both terminals to be very cordial. The boarding agent in Hagerstown was actually humorous and made the wait seem shorter. The flight attendants were not exactly warm but they were nevertheless efficient. Both flights left and arrived on time. I have read complaints about luggage fees but I think the website is quite clear so I decided to travel light. I had a small bag as my one small free carry-on item and I thought that I might have to pay a fee for the dozen roses in my other hand but there was no extra charge. No problems on my first flight using Allegiant. I'll do it again."
"Ft Lauderdale FL to Greenville SC. 12/04/14. Flight on time. Clean aircraft. Pleasant flight attendants. Have flown Allegiant many times and have never had any problems."
"Booked several weeks in advance for a trip from Minot ND to Las Vegas. We paid for advanced seat selection and a checked luggage item at the time of booking. The Allegiant website and online check-in app were incredibly easy and intuitive. I did have difficulty getting the boarding pass to load with the app at first but a couple of tries later it worked. The check in agent in Minot wore a Frontier Airlines uniform and generally was kind of ignorant. The Minot terminal was very cold. The flight was delayed briefly for an issue with an inbound passenger but eventually left about 20 minutes late. Flight was uneventful and went by quickly. I found the MD-83 to be actually quite comfortable even though the seats didn't recline. There was no inflight entertainment system but the onboard magazine was decent and even contained Vegas coupons! We arrived only a little late. The crew was efficient and friendly and even cracked a couple jokes over the PA on arrival and bags dispensed quickly. On the return flight check-in and boarding were pleasant and quick and we left on time. The airplane however was absolutely filthy! The seats were worn the tray tables were slopped all over and even the window had food on it. We had the same crew situation as outbound in that they were efficient friendly and helpful. On arrival to Minot we were early but luggage took 30 minutes to dispense. In the end yes this airline is acceptable. They're certainly inexpensive and the crews are on par with most other carriers. If you want to save up to a few hundred dollars I'm sure you can put up with buying your soda onboard."
"This airline is based on everything being a la carte. You pay for your ticket your seats (yes even seats) your drinks and your baggage and yet the whole experience turned out to be better than many other airlines. For one this airline made it possible for me to take my whole family along because of the low rates. Secondly the staff was super nice. There is only one class in their aircraft's and everyone gets the same service. Bucket leather seats are pretty comfortable even though they don't recline. There is no inflight entertainment but then again with all the carry-on gadgets today who needs another console in your face? I am giving inflight entertainment five stars because I actually enjoyed not having another console blasting ads in my face."
"I've flown Allegiant Air 10 times in the last 2 years. I normally fly out of Sanford Fl to Bangor Harrisburg or Youngstown. The problem I and my wife have is each time we fly into or out of Youngstown. They are very unorganized and always cause a problem. On Sunday Nov 9 2014 I was told that my carry on bag was too large and I had to pay an additional $50.00. I had already paid $12.00 for the carry on. They said that is not their problem. They also charged me $5.00 to print a boarding pass. I only have problems in Youngstown."
"I flew to CVG and back to Punta Gorda and have no complaints I received excellent service. The flights took and landed on time. I had my dog with me on the return flight and there were no issues there either. The plane was clean crew was nice - how could I complain about a reasonably priced direct flight? I suppose if you need frills and pampering maybe this is not your cup of tea but for easy going people who want to get where they are going for an excellent price check them out."
"10/12 CKB-SFB flight 670. 10/19 SFB-CKB flight 669. I recommend Allegiant Air. Fly non-stop no frills low cost comfortable on time no hassle. At small airports spend less than 20 min from landing to your car and 60 min from arrival to departure is enough. Newly refurbished MD80-great plane. I am 5ft 10 and had at least 4-5 inch free space in front of my knees. Charging $26 for carry-on is good so people pay $40 for 40 lb / 81 in checked bag and the overhead bins are empty to put the allowed personal item. Room under the seat in front of you is big. Seats do not recline-big deal! Allegiant is low cost with egalitarian all-coach plane. No marketing or pressure for you to but food or stuff like on Ryanair. You want priority boarding $10 and its yours."
"Provo UT to LAX on Oct 16 2014 flight 130 and 131. After I booked my flight I started to have second thoughts. Many people complained that the seats do not recline they sit back better than some of the popular airlines and do not need to recline. I think all airlines should have seats like this. Why should passengers in front of you be allowed to stick their seat in your space! The leg room was far better than most other airlines. Both my wife and all those that came with us were very happy with the seats. Could they have done a better job putting us all together - yes. If you have a lot of luggage you might be better off with a different airline. For the price I was very happy."
"Allegiant lured my friends and I in with very affordable fares from Lansing MI to Sanford FL (there and back again) for a mini-holiday in mid-October 2014. Our flight from Lansing was on time and the gate staff were efficient and pleasant. We boarded on time made it out to the tarmac and the captain announced that they had an open flap sensor warning and couldn't take off. We were back at the gate for about 10 minutes to check out the issue and then FL bound. The flight lasted approx. 2.5 hours and we arrived on time even with the small delay. The McDonnell Douglas MD80 was clean and as comfortable as is to be expected with single aisle 3-2 seating. The flight back was on time and we arrived in Michigan earlier than expected. The flight attendants were pleasant on both flights (not overly attentive but did their job). Our flight back to MI was smooth. Keep in mind Allegiant is a budget airline. If you don't want to pay the $5 fee to print your boarding pass at the airport do it at home. Bring snacks if you don't want to pay for snacks on board. There are no free food or drinks. Allegiant makes their money by charging for extras. I am 5'3\" and found the legroom to be sufficient. However if you are taller you may want to consider a row marked with extra legroom. I will say that we did pay extra when we booked our tickets to choose our seats (row 15 for minimal noise) and sit together. I recommend this if you are traveling with others and want to sit together. Allegiant got me to my destination safely efficiently and at a cost significantly less than other airlines. The added bonus of flying to/from smaller easier access airports not served by other airlines is a nice touch. I definitely would fly Allegiant again."
"Flew from Plattsburg NY to Sanford (Orlando) FL. The ride to and from was pleasant without any issues. I used their convenient iPhone app for boarding pass. Rode on an Airbus 320. It was a relatively short ride approx. 2hrs 20mins so you can't expect much. The airline caters to budget travellers with no frills. If you are looking for all the fancy stuff (reclining seats in-flight entertainment better food choices etc.) go elsewhere and pay more. As far as I'm concerned you get what you pay for and Allegiant fit my budget."
"Flew from LEX KY to Punta Gorda Florida four times. The last time was April of this year. Arrived on time flight was great crew were nice and for the age of the plane wasn't bad for what I paid. I couldn't afford to go if Allegiant wasn't around. Could not find a better airline for the price anywhere."
"I enjoyed Allegiant as a whole. I flew to Las Vegas with my two children aged 10 years and 3 years of age. Staff was polite and friendly in answering any questions since it was our first time flying this airline. My itinerary was done online so there wasn't any hidden charges to expect. On the way home from Las Vegas the plane was already there and waiting and we were an hour and half early. Allegiant will see me a lot more often."
"Bellingham to Las Vegas - The MD80 was quite old but the cabin was clean and fine for a short flight. We had an aborted take off at Bellingham due to a faulty toilet. We stayed on the aircraft for an hour whilst they cleaned up the mess and took the lavatory out of service - lovely. At least we didn't have to change aircraft or get off the plane. We were on our way after an hour with no further delays or issue. The cabin crew were friendly and the pilots were very good at keeping everyone up to date with the delay and progress during the flight. I'd fly with Allegiant again although clearly they have reliability issues with their older aircraft which can cause unexpected delays but for the price I can't complain too much."
"Flew from Bellingham to Las Vegas on September 8th. We were very weary after reading negative reviews but we were 100% satisfied. Flight was on time for take off but delayed for landing due to weather in Las Vegas. Great employees friendly service. Very impressed overall. Would definitely fly Allegiant again. Great value. No free food or entertainment but we knew this when we booked."
"My parents have retired and moved to North Port Florida. Since March of 2013 I have flown on Allegiant Air 5 times. Besides one delay of about an hour we have always flown on time both ways. Oh by the way I fly out of Allentown Pa. Actually most of the returning flights have been early. I didn't mind the one delay it gave me an extra hour to enjoy a couple more cocktails. I do agree however the flight attendants are a tad bit rude. Maybe \"short\" is the correct word. But then again all they do is listen to a bunch of whimpering cry babies about a stupid delay. If you want first class go fly another airline and pay double the amount for a ticket. I also fly my 2 boys with me so I really can't complain about paying $500 to $650 for 3 round trip non stop tickets to see the parents for a week. Not to mention Allentown pa is 20 minutes from my home and Punta Gorda is 25 minutes from my parents. I will always fly Allegiant."
"My first Allegiant Air experience. I booked two weeks in advance. Traveled from LAX to Idaho Falls. I go to Jackson Hole WY every summer and I always have to get creative about getting there as there are always high ticket prices. I decided to give this airline a go. Both flights were on time - every aspect was fine. Yes it is no-frills and you pay for everything but if you know that going in you can adapt. We became better packers and brought our own food onboard."
"I flew Allegiant for the first time from Las Vegas to Moline Illinois 8/8/14 and returned on 8/15/14. Both flights were on time and very convenient as they were non stop. Prior to these flights all my trips were on other airlines where I had layovers and plane changes which added lots of extra travel time. I was very pleased with the check in service I received. The seats were comfortable for a three hour flight. I did not need a food or beverage service during the short flights. The charges for luggage still did not make the total cost more than for the flights of the other non direct carriers. I would fly Allegiant again and I wanted to make my good experiences known because I read many of the comments before my flight and some were quite negative."
"Columbus to Myrtle Beach. Flying out of Rickenbacker was great-parking at $5 per day. No delay and nice employees to deal with. Paid $5 for a snack package on the plane. Good enough for 3 kids. Myrtle Beach to Columbus. Nice airport and easy car rental. Employee at the gate check in and boarding had a poor attitude. Changed seats on us at the last minute. They board you in zones 2-4. In that order. We sat in the last row of the plane but they wanted us to board in zone 4? Made no sense-I've always seen the back of the plane board first but maybe that makes to much sense to me. Anyway I would recommend this MD-80 plane and Allegiant even though seats don't recline."
"I was initially worried about flying with Allegiant when I read all of the terrible reviews. Shockingly neither of my flights were delayed from LAX to Honolulu. If you're a low maintenance person then this airline is for you. You get what you pay for no reclining seats no complimentary beverages ($2 for a can of ginger ale not bad in my opinion) no inflight entertainment you have to pay for any extra features and to check in your bags. The staff was very friendly. We even landed 20 minutes early coming back to LAX since everyone on the flight checked in early. The only reason why I took this flight was because it was $400 cheaper than the next flight. I would have no problem flying with Allegiant again to save a few dollars!"
"Flew Allegiant June 30th to Vegas and back on July 4th Trip was great. Left ATW on time and arrived in Vegas on the.time The ticket counter were great no problems Flight crew were just fine. Ok the seats don't recline no big deal only 3 1/2 hour flight. We brought our own snacks and bought soda at the airport. Return trip also left on time and arrived on times. ALL in all Love flying Allegiant we have never problems never once a delayed flight going to keep flying with them."
"We just came back from our vacation to Florida flying round trip from NIA to PIE with 11 people including 3 seniors 3 young adults 4 kids (ranging from 3 to 11 in age) and a 2 month old infant. After reading the reviews here we were very concerned especially about the delays but were pleasantly surprised. Both flights exactly on time and arrived a little earlier than scheduled. The staff both in the airline as well as at the airport were extremely helpful and extra friendly. The airplane on the way there was a little older but on the way back the plane seemed new. This is a budget airline with the lowest rates around so that needs to be kept in mind. There are no frills luggage is charged a premium and there are no free refreshments. IMO the flight is just to get me to my destination quickly safely and at a reasonable rate so I will definitely be traveling with Allegiant again."
"I knew what we were getting into with this airline. We were prepared for the worst. With that said we followed every little thing they asked on their website from online check in to weighing each check in luggage and their app to check for delays. Our party consisted of 5 Adults 3 children and 2 infants. Maybe its sheer luck that we escaped going to our vacation in Oahu and coming back to LAX. The flight going to Oahu was on time they did not give anything complimentary but that's expected. Yes the seats did not recline. We brought food and drinks from the LAX. Flight left approximately 2pm. The delay came from LAX only having one runway available. Our entire party came in 2 hours early just in case. At the check-in line everything went through without a hitch no additional fees added. 8 days later we had an early flight 9.30 am going back to LAX. Again we knew what to expect We did the online check in and printed the boarding passes constantly checking alerts for delays through the app/text alert. They had 2 lines at Lobby 6 one for online check in the other is a more general line. I'm glad we did the online check in the general line was a bit too long. Got through ticket counter no hitches. After the TSA check point we were in gate 22 along with other passengers with 45 minutes to spare. Bought food and drinks at the airport. After boarding I noticed the plane had some condensation dripping from the ceiling. The window by my seat was broken had a tough time trying to close it so light couldn't get in. Flight left on time arrived in LAX on time. When we arrived there was a shuttle to take us to the gate I don't know if that's normal but everything else came through okay. They even gave us free drinks since my sister's twin infants were pretty quiet for the duration of the flight. The crew were nice gave the kids badges. With that said I would fly with them again. With knowing what to expect. A couple of things check in online and sign for text alerts if you can don't check in luggage if you can get away with a carryon. Be prepared just in case of delays."
"Stockton to Las Vegas. Hear all these complaints so I was a little worried when I booked. The flight left on time pilots and crew very friendly landed in Vegas - ready to go and on time. Also these super 80's they fly might be old but they deliver a smooth ride. I'll definitely fly this outfit again."
"Recently flew from Bangor Maine to Orlando Florida. Excellent service friendly flight attendants. Departed and arrived on time both leaving and returning. The ticket agent however in Bangor was not very helpful. My daughter and husband were travelling with two children and required a baby seat. They had checked and were told the baby seat was allowed with no charge. The agent didn't think the car seat qualified. After bringing in another to consult she finally allowed it but was not very nice about it. A little customer service goes a long way. A great experience and I would take this flight to Orlando again."
"My daughter and I flew from Avoca Pa to Sanford Orlando from July 3-10. We greatly enjoyed our smooth flights and onboard service. However there were delays going down and coming back of about an hour. I know Allegiant has great deals but need to improve on these delays for better traveling. Even though there were delays I will still chose Allegiant for future travels due to the value and convenience."
"We recently flew to Los Angeles with Allegiant Air and are thrilled that we have discovered this affordable airline option. We read all of their information so knew to weigh our luggage before leaving home as well as to bring our own snacks. We had a 50 minute flight delay which we were informed about via text. We downloaded their app which also enabled us to check in 24 hrs before and avoid the need for printing boarding passes. We had a gate change again no big deal. All the gates are in the same large room at LAX. The staff were helpful and informative - one suitcase was slightly overweight. They gave us time to transfer some items to another suitcase to avoid paying overage charges. We had a suitcase go missing - it was fed exed to our hotel after being located with Customer Service being very helpful with this issue. I would much rather pay these kinds of prices (our savings approx $1000 for 2 people) then pay to have an airline provide me an onboard coke and movie. I have dealt with flight delays lost luggage and gate changes with other airlines as well so feel these issues are not unique to Allegiant Air."
"Oakland CA to Provo Utah. Initially I was very excited to use this airline as I saw that the price for the trip was much less expensive than the usual commercial airlines flying into SLC. However I was disappointed as I continued the checking process and realized that I had to pay additional money for seats and for carry-on luggage. I then realized the total cost is not that significantly cheaper than Delta or another big airline. However I bought my tickets only 3 weeks in advance and may have saved significant money if I had purchased the tickets much earlier. I arrived to OAK 2.5 hours early in case there were any problems. Security clearance was a breeze. I am happy to say that there were no issues with delays or cancellations on this leg of the trip. The service was very good. Yes all beverages/snacks must be purchased but it is only a 1.5 hr flight and really who needs to drink/eat in that time. I can see why customers complained about the comfort of the seats as the backs are very thin and do not give a lot of cushion support. Anyway I had paid for a first row seat and I'm glad I did as I could easily get off the plane without waiting. I'm happy to say that I had no problems with my flight but I do wish the total price of the trip was much more of a \"deal\" than what I got in reality."
"I recently used this airline to travel round trio from Belleville IL to Orlando FL. I suppose to summarize I would categorize this as a fair airline. If you are planning travel with them make sure you take note of all the charges as basically everything (including advance seat selection etc) has an a la carte separate charge. Also the departing flight was two hours late and there was no explanation given by Allegiant staff as to why. The advantage of this airline is it flew out of a small general aviation airport that obviated the need for me to travel to St Louis. Recommended but be aware of all charges and propensity to lateness."
"6/12 flight No. 2073 departing at 8.30 am. Allegiant has no secrets of who and what they are. My trip from LAX to Hawaii was on time. Check-in was quicker than others Allegiant does not have as many forms and paperwork. Flight crew was pleasant and offered good service. Yes $2 for water or coke-but only $5 for Vodka on the rocks. If you are over 6 feet your knees will be flush against the seat in front of you. We saved $140 each on our round trip to and from Hawaii. I will use them again."
"6/19 - 6/26. Flight 1115 and 1114. I recently flew from LEX to Myrtle Beach and back on this airline. I read all the directions and requirements showed up prepared and on time with the luggage I prepaid for. It was a wonderful experience and a great bargain. I hope they keep this flight because I plan to use it several times a year and with the friendly staff and price it has made my trips possible."
"I just returned from a round trip on Allegiant from Greensboro - St. Pete. I have absolutely no complaints about the airline. This is a super discount airline. If you keep that in mind when you book your reservation you should not be too surprised when the final price of your ticket is determined. I have no comment on delayed flights. On none of the ~10 round-trips that I have taken with Allegiant have we been delayed more than 1/2 hour. Cabin crew and ground crew on all flights have been courteous and professional. I will definitely be flying Allegiant again."
"Have flown out of Grand Island NE to Phoenix/Mesa twice in the past two years. All departures were on time as well as arrivals. Staff at both ends pleasant. Can't speak of any other routes but this particular one seems to be doing a good job. Mesa airport can't be beat from what I have experienced."
"No complaints here. My flight was to Phoenix/Mesa. It was affordable very quick and efficient and all of the employees were very nice. Will definitely fly Allegiant Air again."
"I flew last month from Chattanooga to St. Pete FL. The flight there and back was great. Plane arrived on time friendly attendants. Online check in was easy and simple it made waiting in line a breeze. I flew with my daughter and did not pay extra to get assigned seats. I was nervous that we would be split up but each time we were placed together. The flight attendant coming back seemed confused about what gate and plane we were actually going to board at first but she figured it out. The plane looked new and spacious. The seats did not recline back but were bearable since the flight was only an hour. The security guard at the airport was very helpful in giving instructions to my ride. Overall I received great service for great price. I plan to definitely fly with them again and will recommend to my friends and family."
"We have flown Allegiant 4 times now from Grand Forks ND to Sanford FL and have only had a delay once (our first time) due to a mechanical issue. The staff were very friendly and apologetic and after being delayed for 4 hours we actually arrived in Sanford in pretty good time. To people that are dissatisfied if there is a mechanical problem would you rather they discover it in mid-flight or would you rather have the delay? The money that we save with this airline is phenomenal and we will continue to use them as I think it is great value for the money."
"Flew from to Niagara Falls to Sandford Florida and return. Both flights were somewhat on time (delayed a few mins leaving but arrived early at destination) and were smooth. Using the smaller airports is so much easier and more convenient.. All of the \"extras\" are subject to additional costs but on a 2 hour flight who really needs much more anyway. The flight down was aboard an old MD83 and the flight back was on a much newer Airbus A320. Good cheap non-stop flight and remember to read all the fine print and you will not be overcharged. Those complaining about \"Surprise\" charges did not read the disclaimers."
"After reading reviews I was nervous about my upcoming flight from South Bend to Mesa. However my experience was very positive. I was very pleased with all Allegiant employees I encountered. The flight attendants were very helpful and friendly and would go above-and-beyond to help a customer. The plane's cabin was very clean well- kept and fairly comfortable. I was concerned about leg room so I up-graded to an exit seat for the trip there. However I did not have that option on the return trip but did not need the extra room. I am 6'3\" and had no issues with leg room or being comfortable. And yes there are no free snacks or drinks but their prices are extremely reasonable. I would rather pay a small amount for something I would like anyways. Overall I was very pleased with my experience and will fly Allegiant again. I hope Allegiant continues to expand to other airports and increase their routes."
"We recently flew out of Bellingham to Las Vegas. The flight was on time crew were friendly I agree the seats are a bit uncomfortable but it's 2.5 hours so not a big issue. The only issue we had was on our return flight from Las Vegas we checked our bags at the airport at an outdoor kiosk and were told after our bags were taken that the fellows outside work on a tip only basis. We thought that was quite tacky and next time will check our bags at the counter inside. Overall though there were no issues worth mentioning and we would fly with them again."
"Having read some of the reviews I was a bit worried when I booked my flight to Honolulu. We left on April 25th on time. The Allegiant reps and flight attendants were very nice. The seats were a bit tight. They didn't give me free peanuts and drinks but since I saved nearly 800 dollars per person I could overlook that. The flight back was on time flight attendants were very nice people were on staff to check us in."
"We had a great flight today. It was our first time flying with Allegiant and felt it was a bit of a gamble having read some poor reviews but our flight today between Clearwater and Harrisburg PA was perfect. From the check-in person to the pilots and flight attendants I truly noticed an attention to customer service I was not expecting. It was little things like just being friendly and talking to us like humans not robots that made the biggest impact. It made me feel so glad we chose to give Allegiant airline a chance and look forward to doing so much more in the future. We knew in advance we would be paying extra for luggage and for drinks etc. The rates were still the best and only non-stop available. And the fact that the seats did not recline back was considered a plus by me."
"Flew round trip out of Fort Wayne to Phoenix. This was the only airline close by that was affordable for entire family to fly. The flight left early both times boarding started 45 minutes before departure time and we were on the runway 5 minutes prior to departure time and arrived earlier. I did pay for 5 seats and a checked bag and still came out ahead. The kids used backpacks and my husband and I each had a small bag that we put under our seats. They may have eyed our bags but never measured or asked any questions. The check in desk attendants and flight crew were all very nice. This trip definitely can compare to flying Delta. The plane was MD-80 very clean and comfortable. I will fly them again. I highly recommend being at the gate and checked in ready to go at least one hour prior to departure they board early and quickly!"
"We went from Greensboro to Sanford for a Spring Disney Trip. The staff was great from the check-in counter to landing. The flight attendants were very friendly. We had the same attendants on both flights and they remembered us and asked about our trip. The lady at check-in also told us that military doesn't have to pay for bags which saved me about $180. Overall great experience!"
"Have flown many times with Allegiant and always expected some delays but never encountered one at all. Our fare from Orlando to Springfield MO was priced at $408 with Delta a 2 hour layover at Atlanta. We booked with Allegiant and paid just $110 round-trip and non stop. The aircraft was clean and flight attendants wonderful. I regularly travel from Orlando to Little Rock Springfield MO Newport News and Salisbury (now deleted) and thoroughly recommend Allegiant."
"Flew round trip from Allentown to Orlando/Sanford. Was a little worried as I never herd of Allegiant before and that the planes are old but we had no problems and they were on time. I would use them again."
"We flew Concord to Orlando and back with Allegiant and we loved it. We were careful to read all the rules about baggage etc before we got to the airport so we had no issues there. Yes you do have to pay for even a soda on the flight but it was not a big deal. The flight was comfortable the attendants were nice the flight was a little delayed but not by much and certainly no worse than any other airline. I really don't get all the complaints I have seen on other reviews. I really liked Allegiant!"
"I have flown with Allegiant only twice round-trip from SGF to AZA. Both times we were always on time or even somewhat early. They deliver exactly what you pay for. From the ground crew to the air crew they are all professional and very pleasant. I only hope they continue to grow and look forward to using them more as they add destinations."
"TUL to SFB flight and back after a weekend. The main motivation to use this airline was the affordable price and a direct flight to desired destination. We did our homework and were mostly pleased. This airline asks you to sacrifice comfort and charges less for it. If you demand extra they charge you extra. Have your boarding pass ready and be at the airport early. Print out your boarding pass as early as you can to get the best seats it is very important if you would like to sit with the person on the same reservation. Pack light. We just used the carry on allowed bag that has to fit under the seat. This also allows you to go straight to your gate. All check in bags and bigger carry on ones will be charged extra. The seats do not move but bring your own neck pillow. They allow a lunch pack and I had it with me so did not have to buy any food on the plane. Well I did buy a can of ice tea for $2. Bottle of water was also $2. Make sure you have an acceptable credit card for that. Restrooms are free! I did not like that the flights I took were both late. 30 and 45min. Not sure why. Seemed like that the first flight had been placed with the different plane (new airbus) since the seating arrangements were off and the second flight had some turbulent weather. Second plane was really old Douglas 80. Staff were nice and helpful. People do forget that this airline is different and demand the same service as on other airlines. Then they get frustrated if they get charged. I think I will fly again with them."
"Flew yesterday with my family to Orlando for Spring Break and the flight was great when your on a budget this is the airline to choose. I read all the negative comments but every airline has delays. I fly for business at least once a week and I can't count how many times I have been delayed for numerous reasons. Direct flight was a big plus and Orlando/Sanford is an easy airport to get around in and you are out the door with your luggage in 20 minutes once you land. I will definitely use them again!"
"I fly Bangor to Punta Gorda or Tampa/St Pete a lot. For what I save in cost I can't complain. However my attitude is that I am simply paying to get from point A to point B safely and on time - and at minimal cost. That always happens. I've had delayed flights on every airline I've ever flown - except Allegiant. That's simply a coincidence and it will surely happen eventually. It seems people can't wait to post bad news never the good. Allegiant specializes in low cost flights so don't compare them to airlines that hype about making your flight the highlight of your vacation. If you want to pay (a lot) extra for all the luxuries that's your choice - don't fly Allegiant."
"Bellingham to Las Vegas round trip. Surprisingly the trip to KLAS was really smooth. Our personal item was a bit big width-wise but we got through no problem. Our plane arrived few minutes early the staff were professional and humorous (not expecting that) and the seats weren't that bad. The flight was really smooth. The trip back to KBLI was delayed by an hour because the incoming flight from Bellingham was delayed by the rain and even though the plane was parked in the gate both pilots were on the incoming flight. We made up some time because of strong tailwind (the pilots were trying hard to arrive a few minutes earlier). The pilots landed in the wind smoothly. The only thing I dislike about this airline is that you have to pay to select a seat even upon check-in. When you look at the price tag ($400 for 2 ppl round trip) all those pay drinks could be forgiven even the expensive carry-on. I think that you see all those negative reviews because people who had positive experience took it for granted (though really those delays are horrible to hear). I will travel with Allegiant again and hopefully Allegiant will train more professional crews."
"Flew from Niagara Falls to Sanford. Flights were on-time. No frills airlines but additional charges were excessive. Normal checked baggage with other airlines is 50lbs. With these guys its 40lbs. Had to pay additional $150 for overages. Convenience has a price tag other than that I would fly with someone else."
"We flew the Charlotte to Orlando route and had a great experience both ways. The flights were a little delayed but no worse than any other airline and one delay was truly weather related. You do have to pay for every bag soda and snack on the flight but the flight was literally 1/3 the price of other airlines so I didn't mind spending $13 for a bag or $3 for a soda. Flight attendants were nice flight was comfortable...no complaints here."
"I have flown this airline numerous times and my experience has been similar. However this week I flew on 3/10 from Asheville to Punta Gorda and 3/14 back. Both flights took off and landed on time with no hassles."
"This is probably my seventh or eighth round-trip between Greensboro and St. Pete. Like all the other flights I was very pleased with Allegiant. Their flight crews are quite professional yet very friendly the planes are new and are usually quite clean. Both flights this time were either on time or just a few minutes late. Yes you pay for everything. But I find that everything is explained on their website. I will continue to fly with Allegiant in the future."
"We flew from Syracuse to Clearwater and after reading all the bad reviews we were very nervous as to what to expect. We flew with 3 small children during the March Break too. The customer service on both ends was excellent the staff were very friendly and accommodating with our children. The check-in line was quick and efficient on both ends. Our flight was delayed on the way down for an hour but once the plane arrived we quickly boarded and were up and away. Complimentary water and pretzels were given and the flight was smooth and quick. I would totally fly this airline again and as a family of 5 discount rates during the March Break a non-stop flight and small lineups beat a larger airline with more frills any day!"
"Flew to St. Pete's from Bangor (return) - no issues on the flight there. Flight home was delayed 1 hour which was not a big deal. Complimentary water and pretzels provided due to the delay. Staff were friendly and things were kept very simple. Liked the fact that it was a direct flight and the price was considerably lower than other airlines."
"Fly from MDT to Orlando/Sanford. Check in was a little rough due to no one delegating which line was the line for people who already checked in vs people just arriving and not checked in ahead of time. Flight left on time. Seats weren't anything special but it's an airplane not your living room sofa. Flight attendants were helpful and nice. The airline is a discount airline so you're going to get charge for the \"frills\". You get a discounted ticket but you're going to end up paying for the extra stuff right down to the seating and bags. Our flight back to MDT was delayed 2 hours but the weather was bad that day with snow up North and thunderstorms down South. Not much anyone could do with that setback. All in all I'd use them again and even suggest it to people I know could handle it."
"We travelled to Punta Gorda Fl. on Feb 10th and returned Feb 28th. Both flight were on Miami Air and went smoothly we were given complimentary pretzels and water both ways. Allegiant and Miami staff were friendly and helpful the seats on the 737 had plenty of leg room."
"My husband and I travelled to Florida from Bangor recently on an Allegiant flight. Staff friendly and everything else was very satisfactory. We were leaving in poor weather so the plane had to be de-iced. That meant our departure was delayed for one hour. When we compared the cost of flights from other departure points and with other airlines there was no comparison for value for money. And the fact that the trip was non-stop was a real bonus. We would definitely fly Allegiant again!"
"Recently flew out of PIE. Surprisingly we left on time even arrived early. Even though they said we had a tailwind behind us I think it was more like less planes traveling that day because of a snowstorm. I had the time for this flight and was actually prepared for their tardiness and was pleased to be on time for once! Would recommend because of price but be prepared to be late."
"Orlando/Sanford to Belleville Il. Feb 9. I have 2 million plus miles on the 3 major carriers and flew Allegiant Air for the first time last Sunday. I was pleasantly surprised by my experience. Flight was a few minutes late but with the snow that was fine. The crew was great and I enjoyed my conversation with the flight attendants. I have no issue with pay-as you go. I will fly them again!"
"Flight 813 from Roanoke to St. Petersburg on 1/26/14. Return Flight 812 on 1/30/14. My husband and I flew down to Florida from Roanoke VA last week. It was perhaps the best airline experience I have had in decades. The reservation process was excellent with the site being easy to navigate and all details being clearly explained. We paid for pre-assigned seats and for one carry-on each. We printed out our boarding passes prior to arriving at the airport and everything was a breeze. We had early arrivals and the flight was comfortable. I will definitely travel through Allegiant Air in the future when going to Florida."
"I travel from Appleton WI to Orlando/Sanford FL at least two to three times a year and I always have a pleasant experience. I am a paraplegic and require aisle wheelchair assistance and they are excellent about it. I find the prices more than reasonable even after adding your baggage."
"Family of 9 (5 adults 4 children) travelled from ST Cloud to Orlando. Excellent service flight and price! Will definitely travel Allegiant again."
"I flew from Austin to Las Vegas on a Thursday and returned on a Sunday. I had nothing but positive experiences the entire time. The $55 airfare was a steal compared to the other airlines which made it pretty easy to overlook fees for luggage and seat selection. I am 6'6\" so I paid $21 each way to sit in the exit row (31st row) in the aisle and I had at least five feet of space in front of me. The flights started boarding an entire hour before scheduled take-off which I guess was nice. Both flights left exactly on time and both arrived to their destination ahead of schedule. I would definitely fly Allegiant Air again."
"Flew December 21 from Knoxville to Punta Gorda. Flight was on time. Paid to sit in the third row seats were fine. Overall this airline is just fine! Significantly cheaper than all other airlines and flying to a small airport meant no traffic jams. Yes you have to pay to choose your seat and to carry on an item but still it is so much less expensive and trip went well."
"Originally the airline pushed our December 9 2013 11.20am departure (from Sanford/Orlando FL to Hagerstown MD) to 5.20pm (they notified us 2 days in advance via email). We were glad that they emailed in advance allowing us time to change plans which benefited us. However with the change to 5.20pm we arrived in horrific weather conditions and Hagerstown airport closed after we had circled for a while. So we were diverted to Youngstown OH. Allegiant paid for overnight stays for all customers aboard at 3 nice local hotels (including limo service to and from and full hot breakfasts the next morning). Hagerstown airport was not well equipped to deal with this \"special\" situation so it took 2 hours to get everything organized but we were very pleased at how Allegiant took care of us. We will definitely be glad to rate our experience as very positive and we will most certainly be return customers in the future."
"Why does everybody expect something for nothing? We flew Allegiant on November 21 2013 from Cedar Rapids to Las Vegas. Departure was on time as was arrival. Returned on Dec 5 and once again departure was on schedule and we arrived in Cedar Rapids 15 minutes early. Yes I paid for one checked bag and one carry-on. No the seat did not recline - but at least there wasn't a kid in front of me who felt that he had the right to slam his seat into my knees. I really didn't have a problem paying 2 bucks for a Coke either. The aircraft was comfortable and clean and the total fare was reasonable. Oh I almost forgot - as a non-stop flight we didn't have to put up with the hassle and stress of changing planes in Denver or Chicago."
"Saw all the bad reviews and don't understand why. I have flown Allegiant many times with no delays other than weather and the staff were great. Can't beat it for the cost. Would recommend to anyone. How else can you get to Florida in 1hour 45 minutes from Ohio for 75 dollars."
"Absolutely prefer this airline. Love the price direct flight and the smaller airports. Flew Sioux Falls to Tampa 11/16/13 and back 11/19/13. Will consider them first before any other airline."
"Springfield Missouri to Punta Gorda November 14-17 2013. Flight out was delayed slightly but most time made on the way to Punta Gorda. No problems on return. $150 pp R/T including bag fee. Staff was great service was good. If you know the rules and play their game on ticketing luggage and check-in you can save money. With older second hand aircraft you are bound to have some delays but for the price you can not do better. Many trips on Allegiant and only one serious delay."
"Was very apprehensive about flying Allegiant after reading all the bad reviews however the return flight from Bangor to Orlando was absolutely fine. The check in staff were the friendliest I've come across in a long time the flights left on time without incident and the price was right."
"Flew from GSP to FLL this week. Flight on time and arrived on time. Fly with Allegiant every month and have only had one issue with late departures. Friendly crew and clean aircraft."
"Just flew from St Pete to South Bend and back over the past weekend. We purchased and checked in online with no problems. They're a nice airline with friendly staff and clean fairly roomy planes. Our only issue was the punctuality problem they seem to have with everyone. Our flights were delayed both times by 20-25 minutes. Not deal killers but still annoying. Seems like they would be more concerned about maintaining their schedule but they don't apologize and everyone acts as if that's standard procedure. Feel free to leave the A/C on while we're waiting to depart or deplane. It gets stifling real quick."
"When flying from Tri-Cities Tenn to Florida they are the only direct-flight game in town. We have used them for several years with minimal delays. They were particularly good at responding to the loss of several aircraft a few days ago. If money were no object I suppose we all would be using a chartered Lear but for most of us money is a factor and Allegiant provides reasonable service at an unbelievably low price."
"For the money that we paid it was an excellent flight. I flew from Las Vegas to Kalispell MT - Yes they charge you for any added things such as carryon luggage seat assignments onboard drinks etc but if you are interested in a low fare and getting from point A to point B - I don't think they can be beaten. Our flights were on time the crews were cordial and the check in experience was comparable with other major airlines. Allegiant is a discount airline so you cannot compare their services with a Delta or America. They provide basic transportation at a very reasonable price. The downside to them is that unlike the major airlines they do not have a large number of extra airplanes sitting around so should you encounter a mechanical problem the plane will have to be fixed before you can fly they cant fly in an extra aircraft. I think for the money paid they provide an excellent value in airline travel - you simply must realize what they do and that is basic air transportation."
"A couple of weeks ago I flew for $66.00 to Florida and $66.00 return. I have a vacation home south of Tampa so I don't need to take luggage. I take my purse and walk on and off the plane with no hassles. Yes I have to pay 2.00 for water pop or a snack but compared to paying 500.00 return flying from Ottawa I just can't justify spending the other 350.00 difference and Air Canada doesn't provide meals anymore. Yes I have to work around the Allegiant flight times and pay for my snacks and yes I have less flexibility but I am saving a lot of money! I find the staff courteous friendly helpful and professional. I don't need an inflight movie it is only a 3 hour trip. I applaud this airline for providing good service at great prices and direct flights."
"We have flown Allegiant since they came to our area and have never had a problem We flew out September 1st to Las Vegas. Ticket agent was great fast and friendly plane took off on time and we even landed in Las Vegas a few minutes early. Return trip was the same ticket agent was friendly and funny. Flight attendants on both flights were friendly. Plane took off on time and we landed on time. Ok so the seats don't recline not a problem we just stood up once and a while to stretch our legs. Food no problem the wife packed some snacks for the flight out and the return trip. All in all we have had great trips with Allegiant and we will continue to fly with them. We love the direct flights."
"Flew Allegiant for the first time from Bellingham to Maui. Flights were fantastic (left on time and arrive in Maui 30 minutes early). We are a family of 4 from British Columbia Canada and by flying Allegiant we were able to save over $3000 in air fare. The flight wasn't full so you could spread out between the seats or sleep on 3 if you wish. We brought our own food and purchased bottle water at the airport. Yes the planes are basic and don't have TV's etc. but if you're prepared (bring your own portable DVD players cards books etc) the flight was good (actually spent time talking to our kids rather than having their noses stuck to their phones). Would definitely fly Allegiant again already planning our next trip!"
"Pasco to Las Vegas 3x to Mesa 2x and Los Angeles 2x. You don't fly Allegiant if you expect comfortable seats warm service or even being on time. It's a relatively inexpensive ride that's all. Bring your own drinks and food. Get to the airport a couple hours before the flight. Don't show up with overweight bags. Expect flight delays. Expect skeletal staff that's worked to the bone doing multiple tasks. Don't fly Allegiant if it's a really significant trip like attending a wedding or going to Hawaii. Don't get same-day-as-flight show tickets in Vegas. If you play defence like that and expect nothing more than bare minimum no frills travel then Allegiant isn't a bad way to fly. The longest delay I ever had was a 3 hour delay leaving Pasco for Vegas. It killed that evening there but we hadn't booked and shows that evening either. Just flew to Los Angeles this past weekend. Short acceptable delay going down. Return flight an hour delay because they initially didn't have a flight crew. That was a new one. But they flew faster and we arrived only 45 min late which is essentially on-time for Allegiant."
"Great for the price. Even with the extra charges for baggage stored in overhead and paying the small fee for a selected seat to ensure we all sat together the total cost per person was still half compared to using a major airline. We flew from Mesa AZ to Rochester MN round trip and there was only about a 30 minute delay at departure and about a 45 minute delay for the return flight. You can also save on baggage fees by paying a head on line any time before check-in. For only a 2.5-3 hour flight the tight seating was bearable. I would hope for a longer flight that they use a larger airplane with more room for comfort."
"I have taken 3 flights from Des Moines IA to Las Vegas the last 3 years. Overall the price was good flights on time and staff friendly. Even with the added costs of luggage seat purchase etc the airline is still cheaper than others. The older MD 83 aircraft are a cause for concern and I am aware from friends that they have higher than average delay rate. I will still fly them because of price and non-stop service. All airlines have problems."
"I have flown with Allegiant a few times over the last couple of years. They fly to the city closest to my daughter (St. Pete FL to Plattsburgh NY). Generally the best value and location for me and good service. All airlines have mechanical problems from time to time but I do worry about the age of the planes. They had plane trouble today (July 29) again and bussed passengers from Albany GA to St. Pete FL. I am planning a trip for November and contemplating my options based on today's flight problems."
"My wife flew Allentown-Sanford one way on July 7 and all went smoothly. No hassle printing out online boarding pass with aisle seat assigned for free no security hassles at under-utilized ABE airport flight smooth was actually due in 10 minutes early but in fact arrived on time. She was travelling with a personal item only so no extra fees to her rock bottom one way fare. I agree with prior reviewers that their fees do add up quickly so plan accordingly. Also keep in mind Allegiant flies from small airports which generally mean higher fares so at least you get the non stop service with them. Also bear in mind if you suffer a delay which is common with all airlines these days this could have been time wasted with 1-2 hours at a hub airport. As in most customer service reviews people quickly point out the bad without reporting the good. My advise is give them a try and judge for yourself."
"Nov 2012 we flew out of Bellingham family of 5 2 adults 3 under 12. We saved almost $1000 flying Allegiant the parking was where we saved as well as Allegiant flies into smaller airports. Check in was fine and we paid for assigned seating. Well worth it as we were 5 and we had the first row. The seats were fine no complaints. Flight left on time. The cabin crew were nice and attentive. No high pressure sales. My kids loved the snack packs they sold on board and I didn't mind paying for them they were not that expensive. The plane was clean but they are older so there has to be some wear and tear. Flight times were exactly as mentioned. We paid for 5 carry-ons. Coming back we were delayed 4 hours at LAX and had to move to another gate. Yet when we boarded the flight was good. So with the small fees and delays I being not wealthy will continue to fly Allegiant."
"Flights both ways from Vegas to RFD and back went well. Flight out was on time. Plane was clean and seats were comfortable. Staff very friendly and courteous. Experienced good communication from staff and pilots re: gate change need for full runway slightly warmer cabin until engines full on and longer taxiing and delay about an hour on return flight. Airline does charge for both carryon and checked bags and food/beverages but this is mentioned on their website. Smaller plane so important carry on baggage meets their specifications which is listed on their website. I had no problems re: carryon checking in and printing online boarding pass. Overall a good experience with them. Would fly them again."
