"x"
"Verified Review | Auckland to Boston via Los Angeles. There are two options to get from direct from NZ to the US, United or American (Air NZ & QANTAS flights are operated by those airlines too). American were slightly cheaper so I picked them and I was very pleasantly surprised. Check in was a breeze, and the crew were well presented and welcoming. Throughout the flight they were polite, friendly and attentive. Best of all they had personality and chatted happily with passengers. The food was nice and just the right amount to be full but not bloated. Inflight entertainment selection was really good. Leg room and seat width were fine for me (average height and build). Just take your own headphones as they only give out ear buds. So overall the Auckland to LA flight was excellent value for money and I'd fly American again to get to the US. I had concerns about my short layover in LA, only 2 hours to clear customs and security and get to the Boston flight. I needn't have worried, LAX do it right. They had an Express Connection pass waiting for all passengers connecting within 2 hours which meant I skipped a lot of queues. They had staff at multiple points to direct passengers, so I made it to my next flight an hour after getting off the first one, and had time to grab a coffee. LA to Boston flight was well organised, left on time, the crew were fine and I'd happily do this flight again too. Again, bring your own headphones. The inflight entertainment was available, but they don't give out headphones. Overall I was nicely surprised by American and will use them next time I head to America."
"Verified Review | Memphis to Las Vegas via Phoenix. Excellent customer service and professional flight attendants. There was a lady sitting in my assigned window seat. When I told her it was my seat, she would not move. I confirmed my seat with flight attendant and she advised the lady that her seat was in the next row and the lady still refused to move. I sat in another seat and explained it was no big deal. The FA said thank you so much and gave me a bag of snacks for my patience and kindness! She handled the situation smoothly and very professional."
"Verified Review | Norfolk to Dayton via Washington. I was flying with my 90 year old grandmother who has limited mobility. Our first flight was delayed about 30 minutes in Norfolk so it was a rush to catch our connecting flight. I was very worried we would miss our next flight with my grandmother being in a wheel chair. American Airlines was very helpful to accommodate us. They brought us our own handicap-accessible bus, took us right to our gate and wheeled us straight onto the next plane. We made it with time to spare! The pilot saw how exhausted my elderly grandma looked, and upgraded us to first class. He made our whole day! Thank you American Airlines!"
"Verified Review | Just a quick review, since I think so many people only \"review\" when they've had a bad experience. I flew Portland OR - Boston RT and had a terrific experience. Nothing remarkable but online ticketing and check-in was easy, everyone was friendly, got the seats I wanted, no hitches, delays etc. Great experience overall from American Airlines."
"Verified Review | We are happy to report an excellent experience with American Airlines. We took a long-anticipated vacation to D.C. and the flight there was on time and very nice to inexperienced travelers. The flight was good and we were comfortable. They handed out snacks and a drink to passengers. Unfortunately, our trip was cut short due to an unexpected death in the family. My mom had also been hospitalized after learning of the death, so I just wanted to get home asap. I called American Airlines to help change our plans for an emergency flight home, and the woman who helped us was so kind and patient as we were still reeling from the news and trying to make a decision whether to take an early flight with a layover or take one in the afternoon. They waived change fees that would have been over $400 and just charged us less than $20 for the difference in the ticket costs. The woman from American Airlines handled everything, and got us home at the earliest possible time we could get out. We are inexperienced fliers and have never had a transfer. The ticket agents helped us figure everything out. When our flight was delayed due to weather I started to panic for fear of missing out connecting flight, and the steward was so helpful and kind - The transfer ended up getting off and then getting back on the same plane so we didn't have to worry about missing the connecting plane! Thank you American Airlines - we felt like people, never like sheep."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to New York JFK. More often than none, passengers bash the airline that failed to meet their personal expectations. There are so many components that go into air travel that it becomes trite to focus on event that left a bad taste. So, this review is to extol American Airlines. Checking in at SFO was quick and easy and the women who placed the luggage on the belt was charming. The Admirals Club was staffed by friendly workers and the morning display of food was more than enough to satisfy even a picky traveler. The Aircraft is amazing as is the business class seats. The FAs were professional, warm, friendly, and proud to be serving the customer. The food was as good as the service. IFE was outstanding. This was one of the best flights I have taken. American is doing what they do best. Perhaps it is the route that warrants this service."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Ontario to Phoenix. I had to call the customer service for a question about baggage and upgrade. I would like to say how impressed I was with their customer service. Upon completing a short voice prompt, I was directed to the appropriate department. I expected a wait time as with most lines. I was pleasantly surprised to be connected to a customer service representative in under a minute. When I talked to her, she was most gracious and helpful."
"Verified Review | We flew with American Airlines from Hartford to Orange County via Dallas. My wife and I had to use the customer services of wheelchair. We found the staff helpful and accommodating. We felt we were taken care off. Staff of AA were courteous on our journey. Will fly AA again."
"Verified Review | An overall pleasant flight from Rome to Philadelphia - aside from the complimentary hot meal and wine/beer, free pretzels and water/juice were available at the rear of the aircraft throughout the flight. In addition, ice cream was provided mid-flight, followed by a hot savory snack as well as a sweet snack. Personal screens offered a wealth of options, and seats featured a USB port for device charging. Flight attendants were all friendly and helpful, although a few were a bit more informal that they should have been. This is a much better product in terms of value for money than British Airways offers at the moment."
"Verified Review | Being able to fly First Class on a transcontinental route (New York to San Diego) is certainly a treat that I looked forward to. I decided to treat myself to the Admirals Club at JFK which to me was one of the highlights of the journey. Great healthy snacks, fresh guacamole and well made cocktails. The aircraft cabin was standard with leather seats, ample space and well stocked personal Samsung tablets. Now, I believe First Class service should be special including the check-in, what happened to the First Class Check in? It's just \"Priority\"! The food was quite tasty albeit the meals were different from what the web-site listed in the pre-order. Here's the issue: the FA's were nothing but robotic and functioning. Fake smiles with minimal service. One drink service, expedited food presentation and that was it! I had to get up to get a simple glass of water. More time was spent in the galley complaining to each other about the company, which was easy to over hear, rather then taking caring of the premium paying passengers, First Class FA's should represent the high standard of the Airline. American is doing a great job but customer service should be a paramount determinant."
"Verified Review | Nassau to Pittsburgh via Miami. I was traveling with my 2.5 year old daughter and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. This was only her 2nd flight and I truly appreciate everything both flight attendants did to make our flights so enjoyable! Thank you again."
"Verified Review | My family was returning home from a wonderful vacation that included a Cruise. We arrived at Ontario, CA airport 09.30 pm for a flight departing at 11.59 pm. Upon arrival my sister dropped me off at the terminal with our luggage and proceeded to return rental car. The American Skycap helped me get the luggage inside when I started to tip him, I discovered my wallet and phone were missing. Firstly the skycap called my sister continuously with no reply (kudos to him). I was panicked as you may imagine, my next contact was a very knowledgeable and caring ticket agent. She picked up her phone and tried to reach Hertz who did not answer her many phone calls on my behalf, then called airport police. Officer also attempted to contact Hertz with no avail. Finally, my sister arrived and went back to Hertz and the car and found my wallet and phone, all was well. I want to say a huge thank you to our ticket agent who also checked us in, for everything she did. When we reached the gate the agent they knew my name and asked if I had found my wallet. Kudos to the entire Ontario, CA Int, staff and especially to our American Airlines ticket agent."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Dallas Ft Worth. On our trip, we were delayed due to weather. We were very pleased with how American Airlines' customer service took care of us. They re-routed us while we were on the delayed flight because they knew we wouldn't catch our next flight. They contacted us immediately to give us our new flights. When we arrived in Dallas, our bags did not make it. They contacted us the minute we exited the plane to let us know they would be delivered so we didn't have to wait in baggage claim. Their customer service was outstanding."
"Verified Review | I was headed from Chicago to Dallas Fort Worth with an 80 year old friend to attend her grandson's wedding. Upon arrival I dropped my friend off at the curb of the airport while I parked my vehicle. An American Airline employee saw me and immediately assisted me. Even though he was not yet on duty he still jumped in and helped me from start to finish. The flight was smooth and I cannot thank George and American Airlines enough for their wonder service!"
"Verified Review | Tallahassee to Vail via Dallas Ft Worth. We are the only ones in priority check in just to be ignored while employees are having a great time talking and laughing. Then the one employee checking coach class customers helped 2 other customers while we felt like fools for paying first class prices. All was well and the 1st class cabin was comparable to competitors. Food was a disgrace. Service was good. White wine was served warm with no apologies. On our return again ignored while standing in priority check in while watching coach class customers jump ahead. Again food was a disgrace. This time the stewardess did say the white wine was not yet cold. And gave us the option of warm or waiting a while for it to chill. While waiting to board in DFW we ask if there would be a meal served. Trying to decide if we needed to purchase and carry on something for lunch. To our surprise neither of the 2 AA employees knew and had no idea how to find out. I guess my biggest problem is that first class prices should be supported with first class service and food. Our expectations are based on Delta's 1st class service. Pre flight video wasted no time bragging about being the largest airline with 6700 planes. And yes that's impressive, But please note, I can only fly in one plane at a time and really expect that flight to compare to the airlines with less than 6700 planes. AA, clean up your first class service."
"Verified Review | American Airlines check in was very easy and we dropped off our bags at the bag drop. I am Pre Check so security was quick. However the gate area was crowded as the flight from Phoenix to Maui was full so it was hard to hear boarding announcements. Gate agent was pleasant. This is a B757 which means it is old. There is no seat-back IFE just the large monitors placed throughout the cabin. Didn't watch the movie because the sound was not very good. I had my tablet with me so I just watched a couple of downloaded movies on the 6 hour flight. Flight attendants came through the cabin a couple of times with drinks and selling snacks. One of the attendants was cranky but the others were very pleasant. Seat was worn and could use an upgrade. The flight was generally comfortable, we left on time and arrived on time and our bags were out about 20 minutes after we landed. Overall a reasonably good flight. Sometimes I think only people with bad experiences write on these review sites. I have generally been pleased with AA."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Beijing. I normally use British Airways for long haul but decided to change because of poor service. The plane was new and the business class seats comfortable. Probably the best entertainment I have seen on any flight. Food menu was bland but this is normal on some western carriers. American could be world class if only they taught their staff to be human and empathetic. If they concentrated on making the passengers comfortable rather than themselves it would have made the grade. Conclusion better than British Airways but not as good as Cathay."
"Verified Review | Flew from New York LGA to Chicago ORD on a flight that surpassed every expectation! It left and arrived on schedule. I had checked in a bag and it was on the luggage carousel soon after arrival. The in-flight service harkened back to the joyous days of flying. Two exceedingly courteous and solicitous flight attendants catered to the first class cabin whose 16 seats were all occupied. A full breakfast with choices was provided. Beverages were offered numerous times. Attendants came regularly to check on passenger wishes. Free giveaway headphones were offered to listen to music or watch a show on the drop down from the ceiling TV screens - no screens on the back of the seat in front. Bathroom was kept clean and tidy. A hot towel to refresh was another pleasant perk. Pilots kept us in the loop on the flight's progress. It was a very early morning flight on the first day of the month - the July issue of the inflight magazine was in the pocket and the crossword puzzle was quite engaging. The cabin was pleasant, spacious and clean with ample overhead space to stow bags. Very high performance by American Airlines! Hope they can repeat it again and again."
"Verified Review | If you are in trouble, you can count on American Airlines. I lost my passport before my flight from Las Vegas to Toronto and you should see all they did for me. More than I could ask. They found me a solution, reorganize everything and didn't charge a cent for it. All the staff were great."
"Verified Review | New York to Dallas. The first leg of a return from New York to Sydney via Dallas. The first headache on this trip is getting out of Midtown Manhattan to La Guardia. That was an hour to cover 9 miles. I try and avoid JFK as the run takes two hours. La Guardia is old but functional. Light loads means clearing TSA quickly and into the small but fine Admirals Lounge. New aircraft, great IFE and early arrivals meant hassle free travel. Sure you have to bring your own food but that's the way it is. AA has its critics and I am not one of them based on this and the recent trans US travel."
"Verified Review | Montevideo to Miami. Overall a very good experience. Check in nice staff on the ground. Lounge Access at Montevideo. Boarding on time, grups, all well done. Once on board very nice FA. Seat configuration on the Boeing 767 it`s very comfortable. Seat with lots of personal space, flat bed, comfy blanket and pillow. Tablet for IFE lots of chices. Food selection ok, and wines very good. The FA were great, and the flight departed just on time, arrived 15 min early at the gate. Great flight."
"Verified Review | Chicago to London Heathrow. On time departure and arrival in a clean Boeing 787-8. Crew smiling and polite, service was exceptional and the food really good. Extra snacks and many rounds of drinks were provided too. Legroom was ok but since I am a big guy it could be better, but still not an issue. Entertainment system was very good with a wide selection of movies, games, music etc. Overall a great experience."
"Verified Review | Miami to Los Angeles. Excellent, fresh new plane (the flagship aircraft for AA). Was able to snag a biz class seat by requesting an upgrade about 2-3 months in advance. 15J is right near the window with reasonable privacy. Fully lie-flat seat with a mirror and an amenity kit. A huge plus were the Bose noise-cancelling headphones. The pillow was okay, blanket was great. The meal service was excellent - salad to start with warm nuts, great wine choices (I sampled the two whites) and a sea bass entree with pesto rice and carrots. The signature hot fudge sundae followed. The service was polite without being spectacular. I was able to take a nap just before we landed into LA (beautiful sunset landing). One of the few negatives: my laptop charger could not charge in the socket (perhaps due to its bulky size)."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to Chicago return. I had apprehensions but prices were lower than Asian carriers with significantly shorter travel time including domestic connection in Japan. Online check in for feeder flights with Japan Airlines not possible, but could change and select seat for longhaul both ways. Window on the way there, legroom rather tight as mentioned in other reviews, but bearable as seats are slim (I am 6'6\" or almost 2m). On the way back, had an aisle seat but a crew member was nice enough to let me sit on 18K/L which were both unoccupied. While most crew members just did the bare necessary, service was overall fine, and especially on the way back some of the crew were genuinely friendly and seemed to enjoy their work, especially the more senior crew members, contrary to what I expected from other reviews. Food was alright (except for horrible, cold, way too salty mid-flight sandwiches) somewhat better out of NRT, soft drinks, wine, and several beers free. Three drink rounds per meal were plenty. Entertainment system responsive and with good choice, all flights on time. Can't find much fault with AA overall and would fly them again for the right price."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to San Diego. New aircraft with mood lightning and new style of seat, big tv screens and Bose headphones. Only negative was the headrest, which was not well padded. Large movie selection. Excellent preordered food, but very restricted wine selection. Liked especially the ice-cream Sundae. Pilot had been sucked in a huge traffic jam, so arrived about 40 minutes after the plane should have taken off. Additionally evening air traffic delay at JFK, so that the plane departed about 2 hours late. Made up some of this delay, but we arrived nevertheless 40 minutes late. Very strange baggage delivery in San Diego, belt changed three times before they started delivery. in summary a quite good flight and service."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to San Jose. When I got to the airport I was running late. I was actually too late to check my bags so I went to the front counter to see what my alternatives were. The woman who helped me was amazing. She had said that there was no way to get my bags on the flight so she would have to switch my flights. She worked it out so that I only got into San Jose 9 min later that I would have with my first flight and I was seated in an exit row! People say that the American Airlines staff doesn't care, but that has never been my experience with this airline."
"Verified Review | London to Colorado Springs via Dallas. After reading the reviews, before my flight earlier this month, I was concerned to say the least. Dreading my upcoming flight almost. But, after having flown Delta to Colorado Springs in December 2016. I am pleased to be able to say the conditions on AA main cabin were as good as, if not better in one area, as Delta. I can't actually see the justification for bad reviews in main cabin. It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. The seat pitch was fine. I would go as far to say I feel like I had more leg room on AA than I did on Delta, but the seat width is noticeably less than other flights I've been on. Thankfully there was a seat between myself and the other passenger in my row, otherwise we would literally be squashed in, banging elbows and almost would be impossible to eat comfortably without encroaching on the space of the person next to you. I was contemplating paying extra for main cabin extra, but from what I saw, I'm glad I didn't. I would save your money as I couldn't see any significant difference in leg room, although it's supposed to provide an additional 6 inches. I wasn't uncomfortable in normal main cabin where I'd see paying extra worthwhile. Food is to be as expected when flying economy, it was acceptable but I've had better presented, tastier food on economy with other airlines. Drink choice was bare minimum acceptable. Not the best economy experience I've had, but acceptable. Cabin crew service was polite and friendly. Nothing really to comment on over and above what's expected. IFE was actually quite good. Lots of choice with current and classic movie choices. Overall. Not a bad experience. Certainly better than I expected."
"Verified Review | Denver to Washington via Charlotte. I arrived into Denver on a United Flight. Spent time in the United Club West, then the Delta Club in Term A, as I prefer the Delta Club in Denver vs. the Admirals Club. Some drinks and light snacks then it was time to board. A321 being used for this 2hr 39 min flight to Charlotte, first class was full and economy was about 2/3rds full. Welcomed onboard by the 2 flight attendants servicing first class. A pre departure beverage followed by what turned out to be a 1 hour delay due to a maint issue in the cargo hold. Updates from the cockpit every 10 minutes, additional beverages offered and everyone was allowed to use their phones and the restrooms during the delay. Off the gate 1 hr late, a 15 minute taxi and we were airborne. A round of drinks with American's signature warm nuts were offered, followed by Lunch, with a very tasty appetiser, for the main I choose pasta, with a fresh side salad. Warm Rolls were offered, followed by an excellent Cheese Cake with caramel topping dessert. Drinks continued until decent. A fairly quick arrival and we arrived at the gate only 16 minutes late. Stayed in the Admirals Club in CLT, Term B for 90 minutes then boarded a B738 to DCA. This time in Main Cabin Extra. Good Legroom with a standard economy class seat. Full flight tonight, 59 minutes in the air, a quick, but full beverage service. I was on the ground and at my DCA hotel before our scheduled arrival time. Overall a nice lunch service on the first segment and a quick and professional crew served the economy section, on the second segment. Nice job American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Auckland, returning from Sydney in Business Class. Boeing 787 to Auckland and Boeing 777 from Sydney. American long hauls across the Pacific are excellent. Got on the plane in LAX for late evening departure and warmly welcomed. Asked for PJ's and changed before we took off and put mattress pad on the seat. Promptly put the seat back after takeoff and enjoyed seven hours of sleep. Good breakfast and thanked crew for a great flight. Similar experience from Sydney on the 777. Crew were also very good through the whole flight. Meals, wines and movie selections were excellent. Would definitely recommend American on these legs."
"Verified Review | The American Airlines staff in the Akron Canton airport were incredibly polite and helpful. My flight with Southwest was delayed which meant I would not catch my connecting flight to Las Vegas. American Airlines was exceptionally courteous, especially about my emotional support dog, who travels with me everywhere. They were happy to greet and pet my dog and she was pleasantly invited into all three flights I had to take home. All other airlines I have flown with were not so pleasant about my dog flying with me. I was met with positivity and an excellent level of customer service from every employee. Thank you so much for easing what would have been a very stressful travel day. I will fly with AA again!"
"Verified Review | Miami to San José. Outbound flight on time, but bags were very slow to show on the belt. Return flight left an hour late due to the crew being held up in traffic in SJO. This was a bit surprising as traffic problems in SJO are not exactly difficult to predict, but they did make up lmost of the lost time. Plentty of space and the seat was comfortable, but the food on both sectors was unappetising, particularly breakfast on the return which featured a dried out ham omelette smothered in tomato sauce."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Boston. I hadn't flown on an American carrier for over 20 years. My experiences from back then were not among the best to be honest. I even considered to take the train instead. Therefore I had mixed feelings concerning my connecting flight from JFK to Boston during Easter Holiday. I shouldn't have worried at all. The gate was close to the Admiral's Lounge at Terminal 8 and I was able to spot the aircraft while being seated in the so called \"bureau\"-section. Boarding started well ahead of the actual departure time and there seemed to be a very light load on this short hop to Boston. I only noticed upon boarding that this aircraft had a three-cabin-configuration and is usually used for transcontinental flights. As a frequent flyer I was assigned a seat in the C-class section. I was able to stretch out and use the interactive map. Doors were closed 15 minutes before departure and there were no delays on the tarmac and runway either. The friendly crew even managed to serve all passengers a softdrink and a cookie. Take notice: This was a 42-minutes-flight only. Arrival into Boston was 20 minutes before schedule and bags were out on the belt 10 minutes later. I will not hesitate to use American Airlines again in the future."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Hong Kong. Boarded on time for 0155 departure. Sat in 3J a very private business class seat that has only one window. A large pillow, seat pad and duvet was on the seat. Slippers, a cole haan amenity kit and bottled water was in the side storage area. Pyjamas and predeparture drinks were offered. The dinner service was promptly started after departure. The quality of food was good and the flight attendants were attentive and checked on me throughout asking if I was ok or if I needed anything. Prior to arrival in HKG breakfast was served. Snacks were also available throughout the flight. I was pleasantly surprised with the comfort and service on this flight. My expectations weren't high, but this was every bit as good as my prior business cabin experiences on Qantas, ANA etc"
"Verified Review | DCA-ORD-DOH-CMB-DOH-PHL-DCA Route. This was an AAdvantage OneWorld international roundtrip award, using American Airlines (AA), Qatar Airways (QR) and SriLankan Airlines (UL). All sectors were above average, and reasonably close to being \"on time\". They connected well, and baggage was transferred with no issues. Check-in at DCA, reconfirm at ORD and check-in at CMB were very good, with CMB being the best, as UL has a separate \"Silk Route\" counter and entrance for business class. Meal service was good on all, and the seats comfortable based on flight length, with the A359, A333 and E75 being the best. Flight attendants were good on all sectors, and were outstanding on QR flights. My BA Executive Club Gold/OneWorld Emerald card gained me access to AA Admiral's Club lounges in DCA and PHL. QR used the AF-KLM Lounge in ORD, QR's own Al Mourjan Lounge in DOH, and the UL Serendib Lounge in CMB. My overall rating for the entire trip is 8/10, broken-down as follows: AA = 7/10, QR = 9/10 and UL = 8/10. I would fly all three OneWorld airlines again, and recommend them based on this trip experience."
"Verified Review | Sao Paulo to Los Angeles. Haven't flown AA for many years and had read reviews that made it sound bad. Turned out we had a very nice experience. As an Alaska MVP Gold, we got Main Cabin Extra seats- the increase in pitch from 31\" to 35\" made a huge difference during the 12 hour flight. Seats were reasonably comfortable, plane was clean and entertainment system had decent options. Took off at 10:30p (on time) and shortly after, flight attendants came through with drinks and a dinner service. Wine choice was decent and food was as well. Portions were small but for us just right to sit for 12 hours. FA's came through and picked up quickly and cabin lights dimmed for sleep. Flight attendants were very nice, efficient. Had a nice talk with one of them- this route takes more than 20 years seniority with AA but FA's were engaged and helpful. I asked for a head set for the entertainment system and one of them remembered and found one for me. All in all a good experience. Landed at LAX at the American terminal and had a long hike to the International terminal to go through customs. Baggage showed up promptly and in good condition. American did a nice job- certainly up to any of the other US airlines."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Boston via Charlotte. Our flight on Spirit was cancelled. We were booked onto American Airlines (same airline in which we flew in on). The staff were amazing and even made sure my very tall husband had a seat he fit in (we were not charged for upgrade on the way home), they insured we sat together. We had a medical issue with a passenger. The staff handled it wonderfully and professionally. I was amazed by thier calmness! While it wasn't straight through, our layover in Charlotte was awesome. Excellent service."
"Verified Review | Excellent flight from Miami to New York JFK, everything went off without a hitch, the way it should be. Premium check in was fast and efficient. Flight boarded and left on time. This particular 757 is equipped with lie flat international style seats; they were super comfortable and were easy to use. Pre-flight drink served, dinner pre-ordered of chicken and couscous was ready, it was tasty although the chicken could be a little more tender, warm cookie is already a nice touch. FA was kind and congenial and offered to top up our glasses multiple times. The only disappointment was the flight was only 2 hours and 30 minutes, so I only could enjoy the lie flat bed for about and hour and 15 minutes. American has a great first class product."
"Verified Review | Flew Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Very nice surprise, aircraft very new, good staff and Wi-Fi. Was surprised with the good service, full flight left gate on time. American Airlines made us feel that the flight was about serving the customer."
"Verified Review | Flew from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. The same as the first flight, flight full and left early, the only problem is that on arrival at LAX, the place to park was not ready, so we had to sit on the plane for more than 1 hour and upon arrival to the stand had to go for another ride because it was still not ready. But not American Airlines fault so all ok."
"Verified Review | I was on flight to Charlotte from Munich via London. My plane from Munich was already delayed due to weather, so my 1.5hr layover in London for a USA flight was cut down to 40 minutes (in which I needed to change Terminals, go thru security and get to the other side of the airport). My American Airlines flight which left on February 22 at 1:30 pm was already closing, so I had started to run. I finally arrived, out of breath and about to collapse. The gate lady let me quickly run across the hall to purchase a bottle of water before I dehydrate. Finally on the plane. I sat a good 10 minutes in stillness, trying to catch my breath. I wanted to get comfortable and \"set up\" for a transatlantic flight when I noticed that I had lost my cellphone! I ran up to the stewardess and explained my situation. She calmed me well, but explained that I couldnt leave the plane. Another staff came up and inquired what was wrong. I told them I needed to leave and get my phone, thinking I hopefully left it by the gate or the small store across the hall. He walked out and some minutes later returned with my phone. My vacation was saved and I couldn't thank him enough. Both of those flight attendants had done such an awesome job at calming and fixing the whole ordeal. I flew again with AA on my return trip on March 6th to London and they were my attendants again! It was wonderdul to see them again. I will always recommend American Airlines."
"Verified Review | I had a connecting flight from Miami to London. The boarding had started early and it was underway when I got to the gate. The cabin crew were greeting passengers during boarding. It seemed that the crew were happy to be there and were chatty. flight left the gate 10 minutes early so arrived into London 30 minutes early. The dinner service was quite quick. I had to decline the dessert as I was full from the main course. The breakfast was ok as I had a fruit bowl."
"Verified Review | It was a morning flight from Buenos Aires to Miami. There was only one check-in desk for business and first class but it wasn't marked on the screens at all. The staff were nice. The boarding started only 20 min before departure but the passenges were stuck in the jetway for 10 min before getting aboard. Boarding was more or less chaos. Only one of the cabin crew were greeting passenges and the rest of them were just talking to each others. The breakfast was served after take-off and it was quite small for a business class meal. The second meal was a pizza. Ice cream or cake were served between main courses. The seat was good as it's new generation seat for American Airlines business class on B777-300. Not a bad flight but most of the cabin crew just did the minimum. They kept the safety belt signs on for the last 6 hrs with only a few occasions of turbulence."
"Verified Review | In terms of pricing, American Airlines was very good compared to their competitors. The business class and first class connection between Dallas Fort Worth and Orlando then Orlando to Los Angeles on the return was comfortable. All flights and connections were on time. In fact one departed early to avoid a storm in LAX. The long haul transpacific flight offered a lie flat bed but that had a hump just at the small of your back. If you angle it 170, it disappears. Managed quite a number of hours of sleep. Food service and choice was more than adequate and of course the highlight was the sundae for dessert. However for breakfast they ran out of the egg option and had to settle for fruit and granola on both routes. Service was friendly and efficient. Late night snacks are available on demand and was good. The Bose noise reduction earphones were really effective, but the disposable ear-pieces on the short haul flights were not worth using. I have already booked another flight with AA in April from JFK to Lima Peru. Lets hope they keep it up."
"Verified Review | All perfect, flew American Airlines for work on a Tuesday to San Francisco, then to Los Angeles and then back to NYC. All flights on time. Check in at the airport was very easy all 3 times. Boarding by new group system, very organized. On board the A321 you get a personal IFE, lots of movies, all for free. No food provided, just for purchase. Drinks offered up to 3 times during a 6hr flight. FA very nice. Cabin feels very comfortable for economy. Bags fast on belt after arrival."
"Verified Review | Buenos Aires to Dallas DFW. First flight for me with the new American Airlines business class flat bed. The thing looks great, lots of storage space, great in flight entertainment system and very decent food. Staff was pleasant. It all went a bit downhill when I tried to sleep. The seat is awkward and asymmetrical when flat. It's very hard and really tight in places. In my case, seat 2D, the left armrest goes down while the right is fixed meaning great shoulder space on your left and squuezed in on the right. There is a big pad on the right side of the seatbelt which gets in your way every time you turn over. Also the tray does not stow away which means you bang your knee every time you turn. When lying on your side one side is quite restricted with regards to bending your knee. Altogether these things seriously impact sleep quality and I wonder if they tested them extensively before introducing them."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Dallas Ft Worth. I have only positive comments. My rear facing window lie flat seat offered comfort and privacy. The food and drink offered (dinner and continental breakfast) were quite good. The entertainment available was good and varied. The most pleasant surprise was a pleasant, helpful and efficient cabin crew. Hopefully this airline is headed back towards former glory."
"Unverified | Booked a seat for my mother Columbus to Washington for tomorrow March 4. She could not find her photo ID due to early stages of dementia. Called AA to change her reservation to a week later. Was informed there is a $200 \"reservation change\" charge (Ticket cost only $177). The agent based in of Dallas/Fort Worth was very understanding and extremely helpful when she offered to change the reservation date at no extra charge. In my opinion, she went above and beyond in helping me and I am very grateful. Thank you, American Airlines!"
"Verified Review | Always anxious flying any American airline and lower expectations on every aspect other than safety. Basically, you're on a bus and should expect that level of service. This flight from Seattle to Chicago met expectations although had a redeeming feature in surprise seat back TV's for the 4hr flight to ORD and an exceptionally friendly cabin attendant."
"Verified Review | With the exception of the pitiful food options which we were forced to eat after a disastrous transit through DFW, perhaps the best American Airlines flight I have taken flying from Dallas Fort Worth to Seattle. The plane was rammed as pretty much always but the saving grace was the seat back TV's with quality programming. As a family of 5 we don't have screens each, let alone travel with that many, as much as AA asserts that 90% of passengers do. Also benefitted from a very attentive and friendly FA who went out of her way to get me some milk, as opposed to cream, for my tea. Contrasting experience to 2 years ago on a flight with AA when I was literally scolded for asking that the cream not be put in to the hot water before a tea bag was put in. This was the 4th AA flight and 3 of those included FAs who were very much not part of the normal experience. Food options are seriously challenging for those unable to grab something before the flight. 4 of us opted for the $10 cheese platter which is about the best thing on offer. The other selected an overly loaded virtually inedible turkey and apple croissant sandwich."
"Verified Review | Greenville to Dallas Fort Worth. I just wanted to give a positive review to the lady who checked my bags. I'm not usually a fan of American Airlines, but her kindness and helpfulness was definitely the highlight of my day. She was able to check my bags when there was an error, and she was very friendly. I wish I could run into more friendly and helpful people like her."
"Verified Review | Dallas to New York. The internal leg of a trip from Sydney to New York via Dallas. A typical grade of airline for mid haul domestic internal flights. On time departure and arrival. No IFE, a bag of pretzels and apple juice. You could buy off the menu. Fortunately slept most of the way having come off the Sydney Dallas Qantas flight. American Airlines was at best very average and more akin to a low cost carrier but it gets you there."
"Verified Review | New York to Los Angeles connecting onto Qantas flight to Sydney. When American Airlines get it right then they do get it right bar one thing. The A321 is a superb aircraft. Economy class seating was comfortable, IFE great and the FA's were very friendly. On time. The problem - AA offer you pretzels and as much free water and juice as you want. Otherwise everything is paid for. Now on a JFK-LAX flight around 5 hours that is strange. A small gripe and next time I will bring onboard my own food. Otherwise a great experience overall."
"Verified Review | Flew from New York-JFK to Charlotte with American Airlines. The check-in staff at JFK was friendly and helpful with my overweight baggage. I was even able to check-in my cabin baggage for free at the gate, which made my journey easier and more comfortable. Although the aircraft was spacious, it was slightly old and not in a very good condition. You have a variety of sodas and coffee or tea to choose from for your complimentary drinks which comes with a packet of pretzels. There is no complimentary wi-fi on board, which is disappointing after travelling on airlines like JetBlue. The cabin-crew was well-trained and cordial during the flight. AA staff at JFK was great and managed to get this flight to Charlotte on time."
"Verified Review | Flew from Albany to Charlotte with American Airlines. The cabin was clean and spacious. Considering the flight was full, I hope AA considers using larger and more spacious aircrafts on this route. The complimentary F&B included a scarce variety of sodas or coffee and a packet of pretzels, which was disappointing after travelling in some other airlines like JetBlue. There was no complimentary WiFi on board for this flight. The staff at Albany and Charlotte was friendly and professional, giving a nice start and end to the journey. The person at the gate checked-in my cabin baggage for free, which added to my comfort. The boarding was well-organized as well. In a nutshell, the staff at AA is well-trained and the airline has got its tasks well sorted out, which negates unnecessary hassles I have witnessed at other airlines."
"Verified Review | Given the many negative reviews about American Airlines, I was dreading the journey from New Orleans to JFK via Charlotte, especially because only hours before the departure time, the area had been ravaged by a tornado. In the event, the flight was only 15 minutes late in departing. It was a bumpy flight but the flight attendant came by frequently with a basket of snacks and offers of alcoholic drinks. Connecting in Charlotte required a bit of a walk through crowded concourses and the flight to JFK took off on time and arrived almost 20 minutes before schedule! Again, very friendly service with repeated servings (alas) of the same snacks and drinks. Seats on both flights were comfortable and there was a modern entertainment system on the back of the front seat with a decent selection of shows. I merely followed the travel map tracking the flight. All in all, the flights and the crew belied my apprehensions. It is clear that there is great inconsistency by flights and crew. Could the airline do a better job with training and following their own rules and policies?"
"Verified Review | Moline to Tucson via Chicago. I have flown with American before and not had much of an opinion on them until now. I flew with a service dog prospect to Tucson and the staff in the airports and on the plane were all incredible! I couldn't have asked for better service and respect for myself and the dog!"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from London Heathrow to New York JFK. Boarding process was smooth and received great service. Food was decent and the in-flight entertainment system was up to date. I sat at the front of the cabin so I had a little extra legroom. No complaints on this particular flight."
"Verified Review | Quiet flight with half a full plane from Newark to Chicago with American Airlines. Relaxing journey so not much to criticise. Flight attendants perhaps marginally better than usual but little to do. Relaxed boarding and flight left on time and arrived early. Worse part was the experience at EWR."
"Verified Review | No real complaints flying from Seattle to Chicago and better than a number of other flights with American Airlines. Perhaps I have just become accustomed to indifference on the part of the cabin crew and can now accept it. Power at every seat is a plus and the IFE free offerings were good for the 4hr flight."
"Verified Review | Fairly relaxed boarding procedures and flight from Chicago to Seattle left on time. Fairly full plane. Limited leg room for 4hr journey, seats hard and uncomfortable. Flight attendants did their job but not much more. Liked the fact they enclosed themselves in at the back of a plane by using the FA seat belts to form a barrier."
"Verified Review | Myrtle Beach to Boston via Philadelphia. I was on vacation and found out I needed to head home to Canada ASAP just two days before intended departure (mind you, this was New Year's Eve). I looked all over the web looking for tickets with many different airlines and agencies and found nothing but economy tickets at prices typical of first class. American Airlines also were full of ridiculously overpriced last minute seats, that is except for one route through PHL and BOS which were almost fully booked and therefore was a dirt cheap ticket even compared to normal season tickets. I jumped on the opportunity and booked my tickets via PayPal, which made everything much faster and simpler. Upon getting to the airport I realized I needed to buy a tag for my duffle bag in order to get it checked... not the most enticing thing but it was a fast process through the machine and was taken care of within a matter of seconds. Upon boarding, I was not expecting much, granted, this flight was American Eagle and they are not exactly renowned for premium service. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of comfort the seat had, and the flight attendants were in a good mood as well. Complimentary service on the flights were the same, a bag of pretzels and drinks, but who needs more than that on a flight that's 1.5 hrs long? I might also add that having my connecting gate exactly next to my arriving gate in PHL was a very rare and warm surprise. Gate attendants were friendly and cheerful, and seemed to be level with what they were doing. In summary, American is by no means a high-class airline to me, but I guess I was lucky in having been under the care of some really great people and it was well worth the low cost of the ticket. In the future, American will definitely be on my radar if I need a cheap last minute deal fast!"
"Verified Review | First time I have flown with American Airlines as I usually fly United to the US. Flew from London Heathrow to Chicago ORD. Fare was on offer so I flew American Business class to the US and British Airways First Class back to the UK. Checking in - Heathrow airport I arrived at 05.30, the check in desks did not open until 06.00 for an 08.40 flight. I was aware of the desk opening times so waiting was not a problem. There was a dedicated check in desk for business passengers and when I arrived there was only one other couple in front of me. Check in quick and efficient. No problems encountered. As I was flying business class I was informed that I could use the fast track security lane and make use of the American Airlines lounge. Boarding as with all major airlines boarding was the usual, Family's with children, Passengers that require help / more time followed by business class. On boarding I was direct to my seat and once seated asked if I would like a drink, went for Champagne (very nice too). Flight attendants very attentive, refilling my glass when it became empty. Inflight entertainment, for business class passengers on the 767 you are given a Samsung tablet and Bose headphones. Great choice of films & TV on the tablet only minor niggle is that the tablet is taken back about an hour before landing so a bit annoying if you are halfway through a decent film, also I am not sure how passengers who do not use tablets would of managed. Seat - I found the seat comfortable enough, plenty of leg room. As this was a morning flight I did not feel the need to make use of the lie flat feature so I cannot comment. The seat is controlled via a touch panel and it seems a bit sensitive as while resting my arm on the side the seat started to change position, I did this a couple of times until I placed something over the panel to prevent me from altering my seat layout accidently. I was seated in 4A a window seat. Landing luggage was through fairly quickly again no issues were encountered. I will have no problems considering American Airlines again the next time I fly across the Atlantic."
"Verified Review | My wife and I went to College Station from Richmond on Dec 12, 2016 via American Airlines. We were scheduled to return to Richmond from College Station via American Airlines on January 6, 2017. We purchased our tickets from Orbitz. When we went to the Amercian Airlines ticket counter on January 6 to get our boarding passes for return flight from College Station on Amerian Airline Flight 2803 leaving at 10:35 AM, the American Airline Agent told us that our return tickets were cancelled by Orbitz perhaps by error and hence she would be unable to give us boarding passes. It was a real surprise to us! The plane was about to leave in less than an hour. I frantically called Orbitz and they expressed apology and tried to fix the problem. The first agent at Orbitz could not solve the problem and then passed the call to his supervisors and after being on the phone for more than two hours, Orbitz finally was able to reinstated our tickets in American Airline System. By the time our scheduled flight left the airport and our connecting flight from Dallas to Richmond got sold out. Orbitz suggested that we buy two new one way tickets for later flight and they would reimburse us. There was no guarantee that we will ever get reimbursed based on verbal commitment by Orbitz. So we got quite concerned. We went back to the AA agent and she understood our dilemma, she watched us talking to Orbitz for two hours to resolve the issue. She went back on her own and talked to her supervisor while I was on the phone with Orbitz. She came back to tell us that she would try to switch our reinstated tickets to a later flight from CLL to RIC via DFW. She worked on her computer for a while and finally managed to put us on a later flight. My wife and I were overwhelmed by the extraordinary help extended to us. We had to return back to Richmond on January 6. Without the agents help we would have been stranded and we are extremely grateful to her for her assistance. She is most gracious and courteous and helpful. We thank her most sincerely."
"Verified Review | I didn't have high expectations from American Airlines on this flight from Newark to Phoenix, but I was rather surprised. Boarding was quick, the flight was not so full and I managed to snatch a exit row seat without extra charge, where UA would not allow it. Crew were friendly, attentive, polite and seemed happy to be at their job. The 5 hours flew so fast on this superb flight across the U.S. The next leg to Long Beach was alright, the crew were not as friendly but it was a very short flight."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to London Heathrow. I flew with American Airlines as a code share booked with British Airways. I was concerned because I knew the BA Club World Cabin and knew what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. Airlines business cabin is far superior to BA. There is far more room in the seat for storage and shelf space as well as small pockets to stow a mobile whilst charging. The seat is far more private and the kit bag is much better too. I was on a seat near the galley, which was a little noisy so don't reserve a seat too close to the galley on a night flight. I'd had dinner so went straight to sleep. I wasn't impressed by the breakfast, but all else was far superior to British Airways."
"Verified Review | I was flying MIA to LHR via JFK with American Airlines. This review is for the MIA-JFK route. I was originally booked onto a 757, international configuration with angled lie flat seats. However I took the opportunity to do a same day flight change and get an earlier flight, this would enable me to do a quick bit of shopping. Additionally the change of flight allowed me to sample a reconfigured 767, with the lie flat seats. I arrived at MIA at 6.45am for my 9.26am departure. There was no queue for the Priority check-in and I just needed to pick up my boarding passes as I was hand bag only. The check-in associate was friendly and helpful. I had access to fast track security and I was through in 5 minutes. I used the Admirals Club at Gate 30. It was a pretty pathetic offering, unlike the AA First class lounge at JFK which is excellent. The AC had a very limited free breakfast offering and I had a bagel and coffee. I was provided with a single drinks voucher which I used to get a bottle of water for the flight. Boarding commenced on time at precisely 8.56am - 30 minutes before departure. After people with access needs boarded, First class passengers were invited to board. On boarding a FA offered to hang my coat and I was offered a pre departure drink and I selected coffee. On international legs, a Samsung tablet is provided, but only main screen entertainment was offered on this short 2.5 hour flight. I was provided with in ear headphones. The seat was excellent, fully flat with plenty of space. I was seated in 6D, I would have preferred a window but none where available at checkin. I would have been happy with this seat on an international sector, so felt spoilt for a short domestic flight. The FA who looked after me was great, friendly, attentive and address me by my name. Cereal or a three cheese omelette were on offer. I chose the latter which was definitely the most popular choice. The omelette and the sausage provided were not great, but the side veggies and biscuit were excellent. After eating I promptly fell asleep for the remainder of the flight. Overall besides the poor lounge offering, this was an excellent domestic flight."
"This was an ok flight from Boston to Chicago with American Airlines, it was incredibly smooth, and it was 20 minutes early. Now I know that it was a short flight, but there wasn't much of an option for food. Our flight was at noon, but all they gave us was some pretzels and peanuts. The seat was very small, but cozy. There were seatback televisions with on demand video, not a surmountable amount of options, wifi worked perfectly and I was able to get lots of work done. The flight attendants were sweet and caring. The landing was ok, we spent most of our 45 minute stop in Chicago taxing around the airport. Very nice staff overall."
"Miami - London - Dallas Fort Worth. Both flights on B777 with new layouts in Business class. Excellent service, not overwhelming. Food and drink selection good. Plenty of movies and live TV to chose from. Flights on time. Very good arrivals lounge at LHR terminal 3."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Miami. I have over one million miles on American Airlines, but it doesn't mean anything. Crew was great but you can see why American is rated so low. Food was nothing real. And just an overall feeling that American is in business to just make money and foolishly doesn't know or want to know how to be a great airline again. It is sad."
"Richmond to Chicago with American Airlines. Flight crew were pleasant and were occasionally making the necessary announcements. Flight was on schedule and we also had the privilege of having a commentary when flew over significant locations. It was a nice gesture by the deck crew. Luggage arrived safely and timely too. Overall good impression."
"Verified Review | AA 2234 on 20 November ORD-DFW. Originally scheduled on a later flight to connect to Paris but woke up and checked and aircraft operating the inbound flight to Chicago was already an hour late (at 7am in the morning for a 1pm departure - how is it delayed already?). Called AA and they switched me to 2234 departing at 11.45am. Fun friendly ticket agent checked my bag to CDG, and then off to Flagship lounge where you are always greeted with a smile. Good food and drink. Flight boarded on-time and flight attendants were excellent. Smiles, chatty, helpful - really nice. Salad with chicken breast was ok - nothing special but it's airline food. Landed 15 minutes early and pilot thanked everyone as they got off the plane. Great flight!"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from SJC-PHX-MIA-MVD, returning MVD-MIA-LAX-SJC, in November 2016. The PHX–MIA flight departed one hour late, all other flights were on time. Check-in desk staff, gate agents, and cabin crew were consistently courteous and attentive. Complimentary food on MIA-MVD-MIA sector was acceptable, and the turkey sandwich I purchased on the MIA-LAX flight was very good. Planes were clean and appeared well kept. It got very cold during some flights. Legroom was tight and seats were minimally comfortable, which I expected for the price I paid for the trip. The Boeing 767-300 they use for the MIA-MVD-MIA sector, only has overhead TV screens where they show just one movie on a 9-hour flight, and their overhead compartments are so shallow that a standard carry-on bag only fits in sideways (instead of wheels-first)."
"Washington Reagan to Dallas/Fort Worth. The A321 aircraft appeared to be new. Our seats in first class were comfortable with acceptable legroom. The first class cabin was very clean and inviting. Very nice service by the staff and the lunch (a cooked Italian pasta dish and salad ) was not bad. The red wine was OK as well. But where this flight really shined concerned the very impressive inflight entertainment (IFE) system featuring a huge number of video and audio selections as well as an upgraded map display with a number of different views of our flight in progress available. This was the best domestic IFE I have ever experienced."
"Return trip to Miami from LAX on one of American Airlines newest A321 planes (very reasonable fare too). Left on a Tuesday afternoon so flight load was minimal. Had a whole row of seats to myself and sat near an exit row, so had good amount of space. Purchased some snacks on board. Flight departed slightly late and arrived with a slight delay, but a great onboard experience. Friendly flight attendants as well (was given a free set of headphones) and excellent IFE (good choice of movies). Much better than the Boeing 737 that American flies to SFO from MIA. Would take this plane on this route in the future."
"Verified Review | I've had my share of bad experiences with American Airlines including permanently lost luggage, misconnects, delays and rude customer service on the ground and in the air. I’ve tended to avoid them except for domestic US travel so approached this HKG-LAX flight with trepidation. The key attraction was a business class fare significantly lower than any other direct service on the route (and even cheaper than one-stops via Seoul or Taipei). Perhaps I was very impressed because my expectations were set so low. This was a very good flight. Same J class seat as CX, except AA provided a mattress and pyjamas. They served plated food of decent quality and quantity, had a decent wine list and a provided a wide selection of programming on the IFE so delivered on everything you should expect from a world class premium airline. Ultimately what made this flight very good was the crew. They appeared to be enjoying their jobs – lots of smiles and proactive interaction with the passengers. I could not fault any aspect of the service. I’m now willing to consider American Airlines for long haul business class travel if this is the level of service they can deliver consistently. Well done American."
"Flight in First from LaGuardia to Miami with American Airlines. Flight was 2 hours late, all flights that evening were delayed due to wind. We were notified via the AA app 4 hours in advance, and kept updated via the app and the gate agent. Boarding was quick, pre flight drink served. Two good natured flight attendants worked the cabin, smiling and pleasant despite grumpy passengers. Warm nuts, drinks, a full meal, and a warm cookie to top it off. Honestly I don't get all the negative comments that American gets, I think they provide an above average service and a usually the cheapest ticket on the route. My trip on them was excellent."
"Verified Review | DCA to LAX, as a domestic connection to a Cathay Pacific international flight. Check-in was prompt, and I accessed the Admiral's Club Lounge due to my One World Emerald Tier membership with British Airways. Staff at DCA were efficient, and some quite friendly. Boarding and in-flight service was very good. Meal and beverage service was adequate for domestic First Class these days, and the aircraft was a newer Boeing 737-800 with leather seats and the sky interior lighting. Good safety demonstration video, and a smooth, on-time flight with good information from the crew. My bags needed to be re-checked at Cathay Pacific due to their flight being the following day, but LAX staff took a while to send them to the carousel. The only things I missed in-flight were a foot/leg rest in the seat, and the lack of a GIS flight map on the TV monitors. Overall, I was very satisfied with this flight. My return flight was via ORD to DCA 12 days later, and was comparable, despite the aircraft being an older Boeing 737-800 with the fabric interior."
"Verified Review | Manchester to Philadelphia with American Airlines. Was a little worried about flying AA having read these reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Plane a little dated. Departed a little late but made up the time enroute. Crew very helpful, inflight entertainment good and food and wine very good. Arrival process smooth and quick which is always a bonus when arriving in the US but I still don't know why immigration officials are so rude. Overall, a good flight."
"Verified Review | Miami to Los Angeles with American Airlines. I did not really fly their \"Premium Economy\" but I count the \"Main Cabin Extra\" to be that because it is still economy class seats with few premium perks. I got bumped to MCE for free at the gate upon request, and it was super comfortable, best part it was the emergency exit row, I was able to sleep well and it is seldom that I sleep on flights. The cabin crew were friendly and chatty, had two rounds of snacks service, flight arrived before time. Will definitely fly them again in future."
"Philadelphia to Boston with American Airlines. I often see folks complaining about airline. The days of being pampered went out with the Pam Am Clippers, unless you are paying $$$$$ for the plane with the shower and bar. The objective is to get you there safely. Yes, I have sat next to the 400lb man who was half in my seat or next to the woman who took her shoes off and planted her smelly feet on the bulkhead. American Airlines is my carrier of choice. I fly 100,000+ miles a year with them. Are they perfect, no. But in my experience, you get out of it, what you put into it. Instead of looking for a problem or gripe, try making the best out of it. You have over 100 unique personalities crammed into an aluminum tube at 35,000 ft. Meet the flight crews half way and you will find 99% of the time you will be just fine."
"My wife and I were flying from New Jersey to Key West Florida via Miami. Our plane was delayed and American notified us the night before. Because the delay would make us miss our connection, American put us automatically on another flight. We then decided to drive from Miami to Key West because the new plane was going to be much later in the day. American than refunded us for that part of the trip without a problem. Customer service was great (no begging to get refund or rework flight). Overall, even though the plane was delayed by many hours, American made every effort to make sure we were going to get to our destination. Very impressed."
"New York JFK to San Francisco with American Airlines. A truly excellent flight. AA transcon in premium cabins is very good. The first class seat is top grade lie flat with credenza (actually the same seat as is used in C class on Cathay, AF (some planes) and AA (some planes) on international routes. Service was very good. Food was excellent. A superb smoked salmon starter, arugula salad, and a lobster roll main course. Sundae dessert. Each course was first rate and well presented and served. Movie selection excellent. Screen was very large with high resolution. I don't know of any other domestic US service this good."
"Verified Review | Great flight with American Airlines to Dallas on the new 787-9 aircraft. It was the certification flight and second leg back to Dallas. Sat in the new premium economy seat and can say that they have picked a very good seat. Very comfortable and good amount of space. Premium economy service doesn't start until November so just had economy food and wine. But crew were good and plane was excellent. American are going to fit the new seats into the A330 aircraft first and then new B777 and refit aircraft. B787-8 will be the last to get them."
"Verified Review | Flight from Los Angeles LAX to Sao Paulo (GRU ) on business. Departure on time. Very good equipment, Boeing 787-900. There s no first class. Business is on row 1. Very comfortable seats, 180 reclining. Very good inflight entertainment, including new films and wifi (paid USD 20,00 ). Meals were OK, Nothing special. Arrived on time at LAX. Would fly again with AA, but ONLY in this aircraft and only in business"
"Verified Review | Flying AA2315 from Miami to New Orleans. Boarding was around two hours late because there were apparently some problems with the aircraft that needed fixing. But the ground staff was very kind and the passengers were even offered some complimentary snacks and drinks as a compensation. A very nice gesture by American Airlines. The flight itself was a pretty standard US domestic flight. Passengers were offered some drinks and crackers. Cabin crew was very friendly and service was fast. The seats were not was spacious as I hoped for, I (1.80 metres) did not feel very comfortable, but as this was a short flight, it was no big problem for me. There was Wi-Fi provided for the whole flight, but it was rather expensive. You could visit the American Airlines website for free however. Overall a fairly standard US domestic flight with some very friendly ground staff and cabin crew."
"Verified Review | San Antonio to San Diego via Phoenix. Both flights were to schedule and boarding very smooth. Wi-Fi was provided but somewhat expensive. Cabin crew was very friendly and service was fast. Passengers were served drinks and crackers. The planes were very clean. The CRJ900 had some very comfortable and spacious seats with plenty of leg room. I was pleasantly surprised. The A321 had the normal leg room you would expect on a short-haul flight. Overall a very pleasant journey, very friendly staff and everything was on time. I cannot think about something bad about those flights."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas via Phoenix with American Airlines. Economy, ORD-PHX) and First, PHX-LAS (upgrade due to Platinum status). Both flights were former US services. Planes have been redesigned with AA colors, but had the original US seat plan (no main cabin extra) and staff was wearing US uniforms. Self service kiosks and bag drop fast, hassle free and agents were reasonably friendly. Also, TSA quite fast and efficient, which was a surprise for ORD. Boarding at both ORD and PHX orderly and efficient. Service on board both flights professional and friendly, with the FA’s regularly present in the cabin. Uniforms of the FA’s were on the “relaxed” side on both legs. Plane (A321) on the ORD-PHX leg modern and packed, but seats were comfortable for Economy and leg room excellent due to exit row seat. One beverage service and one water run on this 3+ hour flight. As per usual alcohol and snacks for sale, but items on sale did not look appealing and rather overpriced. No IFE available, but not an issue for this flight duration. Communication from flight deck was kept to the absolute minimum and was not particularly friendly. Early arrival into PHX. Nothing extraordinary or great, but happy to say this was an overall pleasant experience for Economy. Short PHX-LAS hop in First with beverage service only, due to the short duration of the flight and adequate. Initial announcement from the captain was made from the front of cabin, which was a nice gesture. This A320 was clearly an older plane, but seemed well maintained and clean. On time arrival in LAS. Waiting time for bags reasonable and priority bags were out first. Overall, flights were pleasant without being anything special, but definitely one of the better experiences I had on domestic flights in the U.S. recently. Recommended, based on this experience."
"I am a weekly business traveler who switched over to flying American in 2014 and haven't switched back. American has truly redesigned its product, services and staff to be top notch. The US airways folks that are transitioning still need work but the American staff, crew, planes are the best out there. The staff and service have changed the game in domestic US Travel and their international product on the 777-300 leaves British Airways (also oneworld) in the dust. If you are flying to London and are a BA frequent like myself choose AA operated flight you will see the difference. American is now my only choice in travel. Try the LAX-JFK or SFO to JFK or LAX-LHR product and I guarantee you will never fly another airline."
"Verified Review | American Airlines flight 73 from Los Angeles to Sydney. I was pleasantly surprised with the level of service provided on this flight. They step their game up a notch on his international route to be more in line with Qantas. I would say they are at least on par with Qantas if not a little better in economy. The food was good. I had steak with red wine sauce, mashed potatoes and broccoli for dinner. Snack was a pizza pocket type thing. And breakfast was eggs, tomato, bacon and mushroom. The IFE operating system works smoothly and is more responsive. However I would say Qantas has a better selection. Americans \"new release\" section is not that extensive. Overall I was happy."
"Buenos Aires to London Heathrow via New York JFK with American Airlines. Ground staff excellent at all airports. Very good seating, comfortable, good entertainment. Cabin staff seemed to be doing the passenger a favour serving meals etc. Welcome sparkling wine in plastic cups, no drinks refill offered and no coffee, tea etc after meals. Polite but not going overboard with the service. If you have to connect at JFK allow at least 3 hours to be able to endure the unacceptably long immigration lines and change terminals."
"London Heathrow to Southwest Florida via Charlotte. This was a codeshare flight with BA and although a little disappointed flying with AA, it wasn't that bad at all. Clean and tidy A333 leather seats and more space than the BA equivalent. Took off on time. Individual IFE screens that were a bit temperamental and the selection of films/TV or music was fine. Crew at the back were pleasant and efficient. Food one veggie and one meat selection and free beer or wine, then an ice cream half way across. Toilets clean, the only downside was this awful snack at the end - why waste the money give us a Mars bar or something rather some fancy coconut bacon slice. So I couldn't fault the cross Atlantic leg. CLT to RSW nice clean A321, again flight crew were efficient whipped through the plane with snacks and soft drinks ( unless you wanted to pay). During the flight had a nose bleed and the crew were great, ice tissues and care immediately. Summary all on time, good crew, clean planes, almost a completely edible inflight food. what more could you want"
"Verified Review | Another uneventful on time departure and early arrival on American Airlines. Flight was full to DFW and seat 7A was a good choice being a bulk head in main cabin extra for the 3 hour trip. 1 beverage service and 1 pack of pretzels served. Boarded with group 2 so there was plenty of overhead space which is needed/required for the bulk head seats. Entertainment was on BYOD (download the app in advance as it was slow on board). Its the gogo entertainment app not the AA app that unfortunately I downloaded in error. Cabin crew were very friendly and chatty too."
"Verified Review | Dallas/Fort Worth to Hong Kong. This aircraft used was a Boeing 777-300ER with the newly-designed economy class product. The in-flight entertainment system was a great work compared with the last journey from Narita to Los Angeles (AA170). The choices of programmes were rich and updated that I'd watched a total of three movies. The system was also user-friendly since almost all the programmes contained subtitles of various languages. The meal service was satisfactory. A snack service was provided between the two main meals. Flight attendants were also competent that their serving speeds were acceptable and they were willing to serve passengers with drinks before every meal as well as collect trash regularly."
"Verified Review | I flew from Fresno to Los Angeles on Saturday 10th September. The flight was due to leave at 6:40 but due to LAX being busy we were delayed a long time which meant I would miss my connecting flight from to London - the captain was amazing, he helped me so much he contacted LAX and told them the situation and when we landed at LAX he took me and 3 others to our gate and made sure they waited for us. I was so worried I would miss the flight and he did everything he could to make sure we would make it on time."
"Verified Review | Flew Tokyo/Narita to Los Angeles with American Airlines. My seat was at the very rear part of the aircraft. It was so noisy during the takeoff, but fortunately, it was not disturbing for most of the flight. Due to easy access to the restrooms, I could use them conveniently. The meal service was also not bad. I was served the first meal (dinner) just one to two hours after takeoff. Between the two main meals (dinner and breakfast), passengers could take snacks and beverages freely in the galley. The food supply was sufficient that I didn't have to starve. The in-flight entertainment system has great room for improvement. The TV was so small and the resolution was terribly low. The options of programmes and movies were far not enough in a 10-hour long-haul flight."
"After a very disappointing, poor service from Air NZ last year we flew with American Airlines this year for our trip to the USA (Auckland to Los Angeles). Amazingly American turned a negative to a positive. When we arrived at Auckland we had an 18 hour wait due to a medical emergency that the pilot had when coming to Auckland thus had to wait for another pilot to come to NZ to take us to LAX. American staff at AKL were very helpful and provided food, a nice hotel room and shuttle to and from the airport for the night. Next morning we were on our way and a fantastic crew on board. Also found the return flight home also very good. Food service very good. One item though. I was sitting at the back of the plane and the crew were in the back galley talking loudly most of the night. They have to learn on a red eye keep it down. Otherwise great flight and will use American again."
"My daughter took this flight from LAX to OIA. She has traveled the world and has had no problems with her bags ever. This time, she forgot and left her work computer under her seat. Granted this was a 5 hr flight and they had to wait on the plane for over 20 minutes before they were allowed to get off, but in any case it was her fault and she forgot her computer. Frantic as I was to locate it, I called OIA and LAX. I must say each and everyone I called were friendly and sympathetic to my problem. When my daughter and I arrived home and realized she had left it on the plane, she went back to OIA and American Airlines Baggage claim advised they did not have it, but to check back the next day. Her plane had already taken back off for somewhere else. My daughter was due in Asheville, NC, so she left from OIA and drove to Asheville. She tried calling on her way up and I spent hours on the phone trying to figure out where that plane had gone. There was a gentleman at LAX by the name of KEN that was very helpful and I thanked him. The next day about 9:30a.m., my daughter texted me that they had found the computer in OIA American Airlines Baggage claim. I drove back to Orlando and gave them the description and retrieved the computer. They were very nice and helpful. I just wanted to thank American Airlines because that computer housed all my daughter work photos, etc. I don't think she will forget it, nor will I, we thought for sure it was a goner."
"Philadelphia to Sacramento via Phoenix with American Airlines. It was a one way flight. I was a little nervous going into the flight because I had heard that American Airlines was terrible. Check in was a little strange, as the member at the desk made us put up our bags on the belt ourselves. Boarding was delayed for 10 minutes because it was a full flight. Boarding was quick after that. The plane was in the new livery. There were no televisions, so I slept for most of it. As for the seats, I did not recline because there was a person behind me. Something that I was a little surprised is that after serving drinks and snacks, the flight attendants stayed in the back, and did not come out until it was time to serve another drink. Surely you should occasionally walk down the aisle and offer help and check everything? Our time in Phoenix was quick, just enough to use the restroom, and connect gates (we had to change terminals) This plane had the old livery. The ceiling had blue lights, and there were televisions hanging down from the ceiling every 3 seats. Baggage claim in Sacramento was quick. Based on my experience, I would recommend this airline, but be sure to bring your own entertainment."
"Verified Review | I flew from Charlotte to Boston with American Airlines on the late night flight. The boarding was slow. The interior of the aircraft was very clean. The seats were very comfortable. The lavatory was tidy. The airplane equipment was clean and comfortable but customer service was bad. The flight attendants were rude. There was a menu for the meal, I asked them for food, they rudely replied my we do not provide you food on this flight. Then I wondered, why the menu was there if they do not serve the food? But anyway, this A321 plane is super comfortable and I would recommend flying American Airlines."
"Despite the many negative reviews I have read about American Airlines, I found this Philadelphia to Athens return trip to offer a significantly better product than British Airways, which I flew exclusively for many years on transatlantic flights. With AA, my partner and I were able to choose regular economy seats for free in advance, and the A330 with its 2x4x2 configuration is preferable to the dense 3x3x3 configuration BA offers out of PHL (no stranger sitting next to us). Also, the seat pitch is better then BA's new claustrophobic arrangement, and the seats themselves were much more comfortable. In addition, the A330 offered individual air vents, which BA do not on their aircraft out of PHL, allowing me to better control the temperature. The food on AA was better than BA as well, and complimentary wine was offered with meals, with refills freely provided. The AVOD system worked well and a USB power port was provided at each seat. Flight attendants on both flights were very courteous, and the ATH-PHL segment featured a warm meal, followed later by ice cream, followed by a snack, and then followed with a warm sandwich and a muffin prior to landing - very impressed. After this experience I will be choosing AA for all my future transatlantic travel out of PHL."
"Verified Review | Having heard a lot of unsettling stories about American Airlines, I was very anxious flying with them having booked the ticket through my agency. So leaving San Francisco we were informed about a delay due to a storm in Dallas Fort Worth that made more uncomfortable, but DFW cleared us for take off. What a pleasant flight, the captain was full of courtesy informing us of flying time and we made it. On the flight from DFW to JFK we couldn't check in online, and we were late and almost missed our flight. It reflected full but we had empty seats on take off. Worth noting though is the nice lady who allowed us to board and checked in our four bags, when the other lady was wasting our time and refusing to even check us in. Inflight the crew were excellent, however the plane looked out of shape and the toilet had a nasty smell. Thanks for changing my mind American Airlines."
"Flight AA56 from Miami to London Heathrow with American Airlines. I flew in Main Cabin Extra on a Boeing 777-300ER. The groud service in Miami checked our bags even though you were supposed to do it on your own at a digital kiosk. When I boarded I didn't find a toothbrush set on my seat which is very disappointing on an overnight flight. The legroom was amazing, and that's what you expect when flying Main Cabin Extra. The seats were a bit wider than in normal Economy but didn't recline enough. They weren't as comfortable as the soft and comfy BA B747 ones and I wasn't able to sleep at all. The IFE was good with a huge range of music, many TV shows, and a adequate music on- demand radio choice. The power outlets were universal and it charged fast unlike the USB plug of the IFE. The service was good and kind, provided 3 drinks but you can ask them anytime to give you another one. The meal (I chose pasta) was pretty good, and came with a salad with dressing, a bun, crackers, cheddar, butter and a brownie. The breakfast was a fat free strawberry yougurt, a little bag of cereal for the yogurt, a cranberry snack and a flat over-processed muffin. The landing in London was the most comfortable landing i've ever had and I enjoyed the flight but it's very unfortunate I wasn't able to sleep."
"Verified Review | Am swimming against the current of opinion here but yesterday's Miami to Los Angeles flight wasn't bad at all. Wasn't stellar but it was fine. From checking in via the app to bag drop, all ok. Counter and gate staff pleasant, and welcomed aboard by smiling chatty crew. Newish Boeing 773 inbound from London so had comprehensive IFE. Seat pitch not great but adequate. A couple of drink runs during the 5 hrs. The usual buy onboard industrial food. Crew present in cabin throughout flight. Only weird aspect was after landing, had to wait to be towed to gate 43 at terminal 4 - due to large aircraft docking at terminal designed years ago for much smaller aircraft. Based on experience, happy to fly AA again."
"London Heathrow to Fresno via Dallas with American Airlines. The layover in Dallas was supposed to be about 5 hours, which is already quite long. However we ended up being there for 9 hours. The airline needed a pilot and 2 staff to fly in from Tulsa. The continuous delays on already overstressed passengers were ridiculous. We were not offered vouchers or anything else for food as we waited for 4 hours as the airline tried to pull themselves together to get the pilot and staff there. This is completely unacceptable. At the very least, some sort of voucher should have been given to cover our food and drink. I am really disappointed in American Airlines, where basic courtesy was not provided."
"All for business. 4 days 4 flights from New York to Chicago via San Francisco. Checked in online. Their web and App work perfectly. All fligths on time, boarding by groups. All planes with individual IFE, lots of movies. Seat pitch ok. FA's great in general. Really noticed all the changes, new aircrafts, great improvement. No meals on board, but free soft drinks on every flight. Always arrived ahead of time. Good job American Airlines."
"Our flight was delayed from Los Angeles to New York where we had a connecting flight to Birmingham. The staff on the plane were aware of this and were fantastic and arranged for us to go to the front of the plane once we had landed in New York so that we could get off it first and the staff had also advised all the other passengers via an announcement to let us go to the front. We made the next flight with minutes to spare and although our luggage never made it with us it was delivered to our house the next day and we therefore had a very efficient experience with American Airlines."
"Flew New York to Edinburgh. I had a very enjoyable flight despite flying on an old aircraft with an old entertainment system. The legroom was good and the cabin crew were very pleasant too. We even arrived 40 minutes early. I will definitely fly direct from Edinburgh on American Airlines next time."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Dusseldorf on an American Airlines Boeing 767-300. This flight is always prone to delays - so I tracked it for a week and it has been on-time, 30 min delays, 2 hours delays and diversions en-route. So I was worried about it as I had a separate ticket from DUS to Sofia later the next day. Luckily all worked out. Boarded and welcomed on-board with a smile and directed to my seat 8J. Welcome water/juice/champaign offered along with amenity kits, blanket, pillow already at the seat. Business cabin about 2/3 full - excellent flight attendant served my aisle and she was accommodating, full of smiles and happy to chat. Departed 5 minutes early and 7 hours 35 min to Dusseldorf. Excellent halibut dinner and nice breakfast served. The one thing American can never get right is inflight entertainment. The Samsung tablets are nice but always have issues with the plugs and keeping them charged. And the movie and TV selection is prehistoric - one episode of a show? Emirates has entire seasons! Come on AA - get with the 21st century! And even worse in coach with no PTV's! Landed 15 minutes ahead of schedule and off the plane and thru immigration in minutes. Overall a great flight and outside of ground issues, inflight AA does a good job."
"Verified Review | This New York to Manchester flight was taken on 25 February. The check-in counters at JFK Terminal 8 can be confusing for the uninitiated. Checkin was done at one station, while weighing of checked in luggages and the drop off for the luggages were at some other stations. While the queues at each station was short, it nevertheless required some effort, patience and time to figure out which was the station to get to first, and then negotiate the crowds to get to the next stations. There were a fair amount of confused travelers wondering where they were supposed to get to. I would rather stand in line for the usual check-in counters which handle everything from check-in to luggage drop-offs. The cabin crew were busy getting everyone settled at the start of the flight. They were friendly and there was lots of interaction with the passengers. I had pre-selected a seat at the back of the aircraft but was asked by the crew if I was willing to take an exit row seat somewhere in the middle of the aircraft. The food serving was quite generous."
"Verified Review | Sao Paulo to New York JFK with American. I love the American 777-300. I have never flown in real Economy (I have been in Main Cabin Extra may times). I have to say Economy looks very grim, very tight but the business class product is really very good indeed. Menu is repetitive if you fly a lot but the food on this flight was very tasty and the service good. Inflight entertainment is as good as it gets and the WiFi on board can be invaluable. Staff are good. I love the first two rows of business class row 3 and row 4. Always grab them if you can."
"West Coast to Hawaii in Economy on Americans new A321. A very pleasant flight, nice looking and clean aircraft, comfortable seats, great IFE and friendly \"Aloha spirit\" crew wearing leis (Hawaiin flower necklaces). They seemed to enjoy working this route. American should consider offering snack packs on flights to Hawaii as these flights come in around 5.5 to 6 hrs. Overall a very pleasant experience."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda return. I had the chance to fly American's international product on the new Boeing 787. I especially liked the shade less windows that lighten or darken as desired. Seat pitch for Main Cabin Extra was 34\" with comfortable seats. Food was decent with good beverage service, and snacks available through the flight at the self service galley area. Two totally different crew teams though, on the trip to HND the crew was outstanding, it looked like they were making an effort to break the stereotype that prevails about American carrier labor, not the same on the return when I experienced the stiffness attitude and \"can't do that\" persona. I was left with a very positive opinion about the Boeing 787 and the Main Cabin Extra leg space. One last observation, there was some confusion upon boarding at HND for the return trip to LAX."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Miami to Chicago ORD. Flown this route many times on the Monday morning timeslot. Generally excellent service, better than other American Airlines flights (for different city pairs) on average. Plenty of leg room in first (better than Delta but not as spiffy looking), pre-ordered omelette was good enough, and service was frequent without being over done. And of course, one person had to leave their window shade open during what is typically a sleeping flight for us all. There's not really anything I'd suggest to improve this particular flight experience,"
"Verified Review | Toronto to Phoenix via Chicago (outbound) and Charlotte (inbound). A bit of a mixed bag to be honest. For $430 CAD extra, I was able to upgrade from Economy to Business for the shorter legs and First Class to/from Phoenix. Unfortunately, a month before departure the Toronto to Chicago leg was changed to a smaller aircraft with no business class. No apology or compensation and not even a free alcoholic drink on the plane. Easy check-in, slow security (as always - Pearson being possibly the worst airport for security lines in N America) and an ok lounge with one free drink. Late boarding and departing on a small canadian regional jet with possibly the most disinterested crew member ever. He was just not interested, barely raised a smile, clearly bored and did the minimum required. On time arrival into O'Hare and on time boarding and departure on an A321 to Phoenix. Seat was ok, IFE on my ipad was average but no free wifi (hardly first class service). Slow service on boarding with a long wait for a drink. After departure, hot towel, menu, drink and meal service with wine. Poor quality dinner of steak (overcooked) and gloopy polenta) There was no bread available due to it not being loaded (on a sunday). Surely operating an airline is a 7 day a week business. The saving grace was the Purser who served the cabin well but by herself (and therefore slow). A second drink was offered and service was generally good. The A321 return trip to Charlotte was similar, an ok lounge at Phoenix with some good snacks and a free drink, on time departure, but again slow service on boarding. The meal bizarrely was a salad to start following by a prawn salad with plenty of booze. Again, the purser provided singular but excellent service to the cabin and was omni present and friendly. Charlotte to Toronto was with Eagle on an E175 which on time. Surly crew who offered snacks and one drink. (A second was given on request). Interestingly for me, other experiences with another major US carrier had excellent crew on the farmed out flights to sub contractors, and awful mainline service. With American it was the reverse - much better service with the mainline crew on the A321 and poor and miserable service on the feeder carriers. Was it worth the $430 return for the upgrade (at the time of booking) - just about. American were underwhelming - nothing particualy bad, but definately not first class service."
"Verified Review | Short haul flight from Boston to Washington D.C.-Reagan on an A319. This was my first time flying any American airline and I had no expectations whatsoever. However, this flight was one of the best short-haul flights I've ever been on. Push back in Boston was on-time. Service was on par with a lot of other airlines, or even better. Seat width was more than the rumoured sardine can and seat pitch was generous for a narrow body plane. Slimline seats didn't bother me much; it was pretty comfortable. Pretzel and beverages were served, which is awesome as some other airlines charge these. Cabin crew generous and enthusiastic as they made sure everyone got the beverages they wanted and offered a second one when asked. Flight circled over Atlantic City for 40 minutes as a result of severe weather hitting Reagan Airport. 2 rounds of trash-collecting service offered during the circling. There were connexting passengers onboard and flight attendants offered to check flight status for them. Landed an hour late and got held on the ground for another 30 minutes because of gate issues. Delays weren't really of airline's fault. Overall, a pleasant journey. As I haven't tried the long haul service yet, I don't really have much to say. However, I will definitely use American again for short haul flights."
"I was pleasantly surprised to find myself in a 777-200 plane on this two hour domestic route from New York JFK to Chicago. The flight was fine in every respect - departures and arrivals on time, a hot breakfast served - had two options to choose from, a hot towel to refresh was provided at take-off, and a blanket was available. Cabin attendants were very attentive. The business class seats are angled and lie down fully flat through I did not take advantage of this feature on such a short flight - the touch controls were easy to use. The selection of movies and TV fare was good enough - \"disposable\" headsets were provided on request. My seat faced the plane's rear and with the seats being angled the passenger across the aisle (whose seat faced the front of the plane) was directly in my sight line. This was a bit intrusive and disconcerting as each of us could see what we were doing throughout the flight. This was my first experience with this sort of seating arrangement and I felt a distinct loss of privacy."
"Chicago to San Diego with American Airlines (AA2204) in First Class. Friendly bag-check at the counter - typical overload at TSA precheck. Boarding was on-time and a friendly welcome by the gate agent. Smiles from the flight attendants when getting on the plane - and I watched and they were that way with all the passengers. On-time take off and 3:40 min flying time. Served drinks and nuts, a nice lunch with chicken-breast and salad, dessert and veggies. Pretty tasty. The inflight entertainment was overhead screens with some generic movie and NBC shows - not the best but most people were using wifi or their own devices. Pilots were very communicative and kept us abreast of the journey. Hard landing in San Diego but arrived 15 minutes early and bags out in average time. Good job AA - it's the smiles and friendly service that made this trip memorable."
"Verified Review | The American Airlines flight from Boston to Charlotte was pleasant with the seating very nice - large blue leather seats - adequate leg room but not overly generous - and even though the flight left at 6.05am no food except a snack of cakes provided, which on a flight of about an hour and a half seems a little on the skimpy side. Since the flight left from the old US Airways terminal in Boston the Admirals lounge was an old US Airways lounge, pleasant, but not overly comfortable. On board staff very pleasant and attentive. A brief stay at the Admirals Club (again, old US Airways) lounge in Charlotte with only oatmeal and breads provided. The flight to St Louis was on a new A319. I will admit that after reading other reviews of that plane I was a bit dubious but in fact found the small (8 seat) first class cabin quite comfortable. Again, no catering except cookies and treats, the the wonderful flight attendant was very attentive and liberal with the drinks. In all, a very pleasant experience with all flight departing and arriving on time."
"I flew from Washington - Hartford with American Airlines, one way on a very nice ex-US Air A319. This was right after the AA-US merger, so I expected worse-than-normal service. However, the flight and experience went surprisingly well. Ticket was only 89 dollars, cheap compared to JetBlue, the only other airline providing Bradley service. There was no delay, and the service was quick at the airport. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the A319 was wearing the Pacific Southern \"smile\" heritage livery. While on the plane, I was surprised to find that the interior was not yet retrofitted, meaning the seats were not as comfortable as advertised, as well as temporarily nonfunctional power plugs. I had a decent amount of legroom, even being 6'2\", and although the journey was barely over one and a half hours, free soft drinks and pretzels. Getting off the plane was quick and easy, with nice cabin crew. AA had great service; I will definitely fly again on this route again when the merger and retrofitting will have been completed."
"Verified Review | Both American Airlines flights from St Louis to Boston via Chicago were a few minutes late departing but were early arriving. The attendants were wonderful and very attentive. I don't really care much for the seating on the new B737 - they are too low to support my back properly. One this I don't understand is why passengers will be loaded before maintenance is performed and that we have to wait. The food served on the ORD/BOS segment of the trip was very good. Overall a good, pleasant trip."
"Heathrow to New York JFK with American Airlines. For the price, AA is the best I've experienced so far in Economy. Definitely the best value for the money. Seats are nothing to cheer for, but they are definitely okay. I could sit in the middle seat without much discomfort. It's not like I could stretch out my legs or anything but it's called Economy for a reason. Food was good. Choices were a vegetarian pasta dish, or chicken with rice. I had the chicken. and it was good as far as airline food goes. The bread, cheese, salad and brownie that went along with it were also good. A nicely varied meal. Drinks, including beer and wine were complimentary. Unfortunately all they had for beer was Budweiser but what else can you expect from AA? This was a good crew. No fake smiles - they were just regular people treating me like a regular person. Efficient, and I felt completely safe with them. Entertainment was great. Screens were big enough, and the picture quality was good. Good selection of movies, from new blockbusters to old classics. The complimentary earbuds were actually good, considering they were free. The flight did have WiFi on board, but I couldn't get it to connect. Don't know if it was because of the connection or my device. I would fly with AA again, and I am fairly certain that I will soon. I am giving this review a 10, based on my own experience. Out of all long haul flights I have made personally, I enjoyed AA the most."
"Philadelphia to Athens on American Airlines A330-300. We had almost an hour's delay at Philadelphia because the video screens were not functioning. Finally we took off and all went well until halfway when the video screens went black - and they announced they are trying to solve the problem. This they did after more than two hours without any videos or announcements. Surprisingly the food was very good and so was inflight service, although no reading material of any kind was available. There was practically no inflight announcement on this 10 hour flight until we approached Athens with an hour's delay."
"Verified Review | My wife and 8 month old daughter had a flight from Chicago to Atlanta on 7th May. I was little worried as to how my wife would manage everything during flight. The flight staff made the experience smooth. The staff were helpful and courteous, they even assigned a seat for my daughter so this meant my wife could sit comfortably. The staff took care of her luggage, took the bags at the gates and put them in the overhead bins near her seat. When my wife needed some toys for my daughter, they took the bag out and helped her take out what she needed and put the bags back. Because of the support from staff the journey was very comfortable and enjoyable."
"New York JFK to Milan with American Airlines. The flight was fine, and food and drinks were acceptable. The crew was friendly and efficient. We left on time and arrived early, and who could wish for more? I could! There was no personal entertainment, only a few drop down screens. For an 8 hour flight we could have had a plane with decent IFE."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Chicago with my wife and baby, this first flight with American airlines was fantastic. Checkin was smooth, kind and helpful ground staff. Fast track security was fast. Lounge was quiet and nice with a view of one runway. Alcoholic beverages were not included in the lounge. Boarding was smooth and friendly cabin crew offered us champagne once seated. During the flight lunch we ordered when booking was served. We really enjoyed this flight."
"Verified Review | I booked Economy Class but was actually given a Premium Economy seat without any issues by American Airlines, for this alone I say bravo to AA. This is real member benefit (I am One World Sapphire) and will bring me back to AA if there is a flight. This was not an upgrade due to a full flight, add to the fact that the flight was not full, it was a rather comfortable flight having paid an economy fare. The flight time is some 8 hrs and I arrived feeling refreshed. Completing the four segments CDG-NYC-EZE completely changed my misconception on AA and I shall be their customer if I fly EY."
"Verified Review | The return American Airlines flight from Buenos Aires to New York JFK was more comfortable than the outbound journey as it is a day flight rather than the time-saving overnight. Again I had a Premium Economy seat paying EY fare and it was quite comfortable, again I say thanks to AA for such member benefits. I think other One World partners should learn to do the same rather than pricing themselves out of the so-called Premium Economy class. Service was normal and efficient. Airport check-in and facilities and Club lounge at EZE are not as good as at NYC though."
"The second segment of my extra longhaul flight with American Airlines from Paris CDG - New York JFK - Buenos Aires. Check in at JFK was a delight, as AA has a special area for elite member to check in. The check-in service was excellent and I was treated like a VIP. Good that they print benefits such as Priority Boarding on the boarding pass, rather than the passenger having to show a card at the gate. As with the last segment I was able to get a seat that some 'partner airlines' called Premium Economy at no cost. The flight is long and a bit tiring, but what more can I ask with a PE seat that offers good space at my price?"
"Verified Review | I had an extra long haul return flight between Paris and Buenos Aires and I booked on American Airlines via New York for fare advantage and a stopover in the Big Apple. When booking I had reservations as to the standard of service etc but all doubts proved to be misconceptions with regard to American service. From check in, as a One World Sapphire member, I was allowed to change seats to what other airlines called Premium Economy seats without further charge (AA do not operate a Premium E service but charge extra for these seats), great that as a One World Premium member I had this benefit. This is more than enough that in future I will opt to fly AA above my 'home airline' CX or BA that I fly with often."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Miami return with American Airlines on a B773 both ways, family of 4. Flights left pretty much on time and arrived on time. Check-in at LHR was a bit of a nightmare but not sure who was at fault for the huge queue. Flight experience was overall good, seats are fairly comfortable being economy class. Inflight entertainment is on demand and plenty of films, games, music to chose from. Food was fine and more than abundant. Also plenty of drinks offered and before we arrived in Miami an ice-cream and a snack. However when I fly I care most about the safety of an airline rather than fancy food. Crew was fairly friendly, especially on the LHR-MIA leg and mature. Check in staff in Miami was helpful and friendly as for whatever reason I was unable to complete my online check in (think because it was ticketed by Iberia). Overall a very good experience."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Tokyo Narita with American Airlines. Surprisingly very pleasant experience with American, especially how many horrible stories you hear about US-based airlines. The aircraft was a relatively new Boeing 787, and the J class cabin was a spacious 1-2-1 layout in reverse herringbone. Went onboard and was greeted with warm nuts and welcome drink. There was an amenity kit by Cole Haan, but everything was made in China, even the lotions, which made the product simply feel very cheap and of poor quality. The seat is fully lie flat. It's somewhat comfortable, the only complaint is that when the person next to you moves, for some reason, you can feel it (and I suspect the other person can also feel when I move) The inflight entertainment system was very impressive. Not only was the screen very big, there was an flatscreen display to control the programme from the comfort of your seat. There is also an iPhone-sized control for manipulating your seat and adjusting it to any way you wish, very impressive technology! The meal service was good, and came very eloquently presented. The crew was friendly and welcoming. There was wifi service, but I did not try it as it was for a fee. Overall a good flight experience on American's new plane, would recommend it."
"Economy class flights with American Airlines, Kansas City to New York JFK via Charlotte. Both legs had a clean aircraft (particularly impressed with the A319) with good cabin crew. Both flights on time. The seats were comfortable enough for the 2hr hops, and the Boeing 737 had wifi to pass the time. I don't fly AA very often but I would be happy to continue with them if this level of competence is consistent."
"Verified Review | A red-eye flight from Las Vegas to Philadelphia with American Airlines. Flight was fully booked. All overhead storage was full, well before half the plane boarded. Our boarding group wasn't even called yet before they announced storage was full. This did cause boarding to take a lot longer than normal, as many people had to back track to check their bag with the front desk. The front desk continuously announced you could check your bag for free at the desk, due to the storage shortage, but it appeared most who were boarding ignored this. We gladly took them up on it, and dropped off our bags at the desk, well before everyone else finally realized they had no choice. This at least let us board quicker as everyone was now crowding the front desk. Desk crew was friendly enough, I think they were getting a bit annoyed despite multiple announcements that there would be no storage, that people were generally ignoring their calls. We flew economy, so seats were as expected. I'm quite tall, as is my wife, so it can be a bit uncomfortable with the small leg room after an hour or two. Knees not in the seat, but, not enough room to move them at all. So, if you are in the plus 6 foot range, and with a bad knee, can be a bit annoying, but, we realize you get what you pay for. Crew were friendly and pleasant enough, flight was mostly quite as it was leaving Vegas at 11pm and landing in Philly at 6. Napped most of the way, when I could, so nothing really to report. Flight was generally smooth and we arrived earlier than scheduled, so that's always nice. I only had a glass of water during the flight, so can't really comment on food/drink service, too much. I believe the Wifi on this flight however did not work. Disembarking was only troubled by other passengers. A middle-aged man near the back of the plane decided, rather than wait for the rows to ahead to disembark, he would just start pushing his way out, which caused people to get chippy. Not really the airlines fault, though they did not intervene."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Buenos Aires with American Airlines. New business class layout, significantly improved from the old angle flat seats. Rather unusual arrangement, with every other row facing backward, similar to BA except that the seats are at an angle, with full separation between middle row seats. Not much storage space, though. The crew however were unengaged bordering on rude, no interest shown to the passengers, mechanical, no smiles, one felt that they'd rather be anywhere else but on the plane. Food was quite a disappointment, as well, edible, but resembling canteen fare. IEE were a bright spot, screens large, sharp, HD, with tons of movies and variety of shows. Overall, a vast improvement from the old business class, but what makes a journey pleasant and enjoyable is the cabin crew, and once again America Airlines disappoints. Not sure if I'd choose AA if this weren't an award fare, paid with miles."
"Verified Review | Montego Bay to Barbados via Miami. Seat pitch of both flights was good for economy, however on the MIA-BGI flight, we were seated in the main cabin extra seats at the overwing exits - perfect! Great legroom and seats comfortable. Crew friendly and efficient and nothing too much bother. Food and snack available were a little disappointing as not much choice available, but beverages were available. They offered one beverage service on both sectors however drinks were served from the galley when asked for. I haven't flown American for some years, however would not hesitate in the future. Ground staff at all airports were very helpful."
"Verified Review | Weather is not the fault of the airline. I was due to fly from London Heathrow to St Louisvia Dallas. We left five hours late on March 28th due to heavy winds and rain. When finally on the aircraft it was immaculate. Pre-flight drinks offered and the menu given out. Considering AA now only has eight seats in the 1st class compartment of the Boeing 777-300, the two cabin staff assigned were more than sufficient; friendly and polite despite the harried nature of the boarding. Lunch served after reaching cruising altitude, starter, soup, and salad were very good. I wasn't very happy with the main course, considering the delay I probably should have chosen something other than beef. The flight attendant saw that I hadn't eaten anything she offered me another which was delicious. The inflight entertainment was great with hundreds of choices. The intercontinental WiFi took some adjusting but eventually worked just fine. My connecting flight was delayed for about an hour due to a mechanical part which needed replacing. Again on the short flight to St. Louis the cabin crew was friendly and very helpful with pre-flight offered immediately. Drinks were served promptly at cruising altitude and seconds were offered with a smile. Aside from the weather delay, not a bad experience at all. AA #51 London to Dallas, can't remember the second flight number as it was changed so many times because of the weather delay. The staff at the Flagship lounge in London were helpful and caring and assured me that I would be re-booked which I was."
"Chicago to New Orleans in First class on March 16th. Flight boarded on time and friendly flight attendant greeting at the door. Flight 3/4 full and we left on time. Bumpy flight and attendants sat for a bit before pilot let them free to service the cabin. We were kept informed thru the flight of the weather as we had a lot of bumps. Lunch was served (we departed around 10:30am) so that was nice - a decent chicken-breast salad, cake and veggies. GOGO wifi worked well so was able to work. 2 hour flight was uneventful and landed on time. Bags took a bit long to get from gate-check but otherwise fine."
"When I booked my flight with American Airlines I was a little concerned because I had never flown with them before. My trip was uneventful, which in my books is good. No delays, no issues with my bags, and no issues with the flight itself. Originally I was supposed to fly home on Saturday 12th March, but due to extreme flooding in North Louisiana, which is where I flew to, I will not be able to make it to the airport tomorrow. The airport I flew into is about 2 hours away from where I am at and the airport there was not in the extremely affected areas. At first I was told that unless I was flying out of one of the two cities that got hit the worst nothing could be done about my flight, even though the roads to get to the airport I was flying out of were blocked. I spoke to AA customer service and she was able to wave the fees and change my flight anyways, I am now a pleased customer and will be comfortable flying with them again. Now as far as the insurance I purchased for my flight, that's a different story. They did me no good at all!"
"Business class on the American Airlines 787 is an excellent product flying from Madrid to Dallas. Seat is very comfortable, food and wine were very good, AVOD selection and screen resolution made it easy to pass some time away. Cabin crew were available and friendly. Liked the stand up area around the bar. Would definitely recommend them."
"Philadelphia to Munich in American Airlines business class. The seat is pretty decent and easy access to the aisle in a 1-2-1 configuration. Upon ordering dinner I asked the flight attendant (who was the cabin services director / purser) whether a specific dish (blackened salmon) was to be expected as being very spicy or hot. The answer given was \"I have absolutely no idea\". Maybe I am used to more detail oriented cabin crew from european and middle eastern airlines however I would expect some knowledge about the menu in a premium cabin."
"New York to Miami. This was an okay flight compared to the other American Airlines experiences I had. No delay, flight attendants were nice, the IFE was for money though, but that is a minor inconvenience. The aircraft was a newer Airbus, so not one of those ancient planes American Airlines has these days."
"JFK to Los Angeles return, out in first, back in business. Both products are outstanding. The F seats are spacious and private and the lie flat business seats are just fine. Both flights left on time and arrived early. Boarding is easy; priority for premium classes is well managed and the planes fit only about 100 people anyway. Service was attentive both ways and in First French champagne is back - a nice surprise. There isn't much difference between F and C catering (except for the champagne) and the meals are not exactly culinary experiences. But they are tasty and perfectly edible."
"I flew with American Airlines to Tampa, Florida from Manchester. The flight arrived delayed from Philadelphia due to departing traffic so we had a delay. We boarded with a friendly greeting from the staff. The flight departed, and excellent food and beverage service was provided. The Inflight Entertainment system was a very good one in my opinion. We landed on time in Philadelphia with a very brief connection. We got onto the next flight with very friendly Ground Staff, on time departure. There was sufficient service for the short two hour flight, drinks and snacks. No In-Flight entertainment but a very bad WiFi connectivity, if you tried to use the free edition. We landed on time in Tampa but had baggage issues due to weather, where the bags couldn't get off due to lightning. The staff kept us updated though and were very helpful. After 3 hours from arrival, we left the airport. Amazing service from American Airlines. Want to fly again."
"Shanghai to Los Angeles. Had difficulties with American Airline online booking management as it does not allow changes or upgrade by cash through internet, which is kind of lame as most of other airlines allow that. The online seat selecting is not helpful as it was impossible for me to select three seats in a row due to American Airlines money-making seating regulations. Fortunately staff at PVG was very understanding and helpful and as we arrived quite early, and he arranged D,E,H for my parents and I. Aircraft was new and I liked it. Took off on time and the inflight entertainment more than enough, but maybe not so enough for non-English speakers such as my parents. Food was ok and flight attendants doing their jobs. All in all quite nice experience comparing to our next two domestic flights between LAX and SLC."
"I was able to access OneWorld Emerald member benefits on this trip through British Airways. Check-in was prompt, followed-by time at the Admiral's Club Lounge in Terminal C prior to boarding. A321 was newly-painted in AA colors, and immaculate inside though seven years old. The cabin was quite spacious, and didn't seem cramped despite being a full flight. I did not miss the lack of AV monitors, though I like to see the flight path images on my trips. Two complimentary beverage service runs up to PHX, and snacks/breakfast food was available for sale o board. Service on board was efficient and adequate, with pleasant staff. The same aircraft continued to PDX after a one-hour stop in PHX, with a complimentary beverage and snacks for sale run. Flight attendants did several rounds to check seat belts, and also to collect trash on both segments. Arrived on time in PDX and my bag was on the carousel reasonably quickly. Overall, I was very satisfied with this flight and the fare paid."
"I wasn't expecting much as all American Airlines are generally the pits but I was pleasantly surprised with the new American Airlines A321 service running between Los Angeles and Honolulu. Nice big TV screens with free movies, good width seats with plenty of legroom, food whilst not free was actually quite tasty, the asian chicken wrap was really good. Well done to American, certainly a move in the right direction."
"London to Miami and back on American Airlines was a pleasant experience. Very spacious full-flat seat, good entertainment system with plenty of options, a large high resolution screen and excellent headphones. Even the quality and quantity of the food was as good as on European airlines. Friendly crew, lacking a bit in sophistication. On the return flight, we waited on the tarmac for a full hour before we could disembark which caused a missed connection for me, but the airline cannot be blamed for that. The price was much lower than Lufthansa and the product was at least as good so I would fly American again."
"I've flown dozens of domestic flights with American Airlines, and generally find the experience to be somewhere between tolerable and very good. This route, the service was quite good. I had the same crew on both the AUS-DFW and DFW-ORD legs, and they were quite pleasant and even recognized that I was on both of their flights. Despite the very short duration of the Austin to Dallas flight, they attempted to serve everyone onboard the drink of their choice (not just water), which was quite impressive. I appreciated the effort and polite service of the crew. My only criticism was the plane - American Airlines MD80's are very old, and it shows. No power outlets, out of date looking fixtures, etc. I was a bit surprised they would choose to use this plane on the relatively lengthy DFW-ORD flight."
"Chicago to London with American Airlines. Comfortable flight on a refurbished Boeing 767. No in-seat video is provided but there are control boxes on the floor. Food and wine were fine. Crew were good and interacted with passengers during the flight. Overall, good basic service that gets you from A to B."
"London to New York JFK, returning from Miami, and great flights with in Business Class on Boeing 777-300. The space, comfort, and privacy on this aircraft is second to none. The cabin crew were courteous and helpful (most of my flights with AA have been in coach where the rudeness of the staff used to be legendary). On both flights, the FA greeted by name, confirmed my meal order with me (requested on line) and took my coat. Outbound lunch was good, as were the wines. Drinks constantly replenished. A selection of snacks was laid out in the bar between meals, although I didn’t try them. The pre-landing snack was croque monsieur, which was ok but really no better than the pizza that you used to get in coach many years ago. Before landing, the purser walked through the cabin thanking each passenger for flying AA. A nice touch. Bose noise cancelling headphones are superb, although they collect them almost an hour before landing. On the return from MIA, the food and service were again very good. The steak on flights starting the in the US is always better than on those starting in the UK, and it was served on a very hot plate. The salad was excellent. FA asked if I wanted to be woken for breakfast. Although I didn’t I was awake when breakfast came round and it was surprisingly good. I’d previously flown Business Class on the US Airways A330. The 777-300 seat is similar but improved. There is no gap between the seat and the wall, where things can be lost on the A330. There is a vanity mirror in the storage cupboard. The TV screens are larger (15”). The seats have more adjustable positions. However, there is no storage under the footrest. A nice lightweight duvet and large fluffy pillow added to the comfort. The seats are a bit hard when sitting fully upright or fully flat for any length of time, but are very comfortable when reclined. Sleeping on the way back, the plane was very warm and I slept on top of the duvet which was very comfortable indeed. The washrooms on this plane are very nice, particularly the one on the starboard size which is double sized. The equipment makes this Boeing 777-300 the best business class across the Atlantic, and the service was up to par. The downside of this plane is that all the seats are very private, and if you are travelling with a companion then even in the middle pair you can’t really see or talk to each other. If you want to socialise with a travelling companion, you may not like this plane. IFE was fair, not a lot of new films but enough newish and classics to keep me happy. I've marked down ground service because of a problem at LHR. I am gay and was travelling with my partner. The check in operative at tried to make us check in separately. When I asked if married couples had to check in separately she said no. I explained that my travelling companion was my Civil Partner, and that we had the same legal rights as a married couple. She was embarrassed and apologetic, but making assumptions about peoples sexuality is inappropriate. Business class check in and fast track security at LHR are excellent."
"New York JFK to Miami was on a refurbished American Airlines Boeing 767 with international business class flat bed seating. The seating is not as good as on the 777-300, but it’s a big improvement on the angled seating on the 777-200, and for a short domestic flight it is exceptional. The 1-2-1 configuration means every seat is accessible from an aisle, and the centre pairs are good for couples travelling together. All seats are forward facing. Service was friendly and rather informal. The food was good – the steak was better than on the flight over from London. IFE is only provided when these planes are flying internationally, and is provided by Samsung tablets in business class. Having flown into JFK in International Business Class, we had access to the Admiral's Club Lounge. These lounges are poor compared to British Airways. We got vouchers for two premium drinks each, but you have to wait to be served by a lone overstaffed barman, and the choice of food is poor."
"Flew American Airlines on a 757 from JFK to Miami and returned to La Guardia on a 737, in business class. The service was quite impressive, cabin/toilets clean, seat comfortable, and food was ample with a menu choice - wine and other drinks served. Flight attendants were informal but got the work done. The entertainment system was old fashioned, with drop down screens from the ceiling, not personalized at the seat level. Overall, a quality product worth patronizing again!"
"Packed American Airlines flight from Chicago O'Hare to Los Angeles on 1st February in coach. They changed aircraft so row 7 wasn't there anymore so 6 people had to find new seats. Gate agents handled some irate passengers well. Boarding was smooth - departed on time. Flight attendants were very nice and present throughout the flight. They did 2 drink and snack runs and came through with water two times. In-seat videos provided plenty of entertainment choices for the 4 hour flight. Gogo wifi was great - worked throughout the flight. Turbulence was very bad 30 minutes out of LAX due to El-Nino winds. Pilot kept us informed and did a good job. Landed smoothly and was a good flight. AA gets really bad reviews here - I fly them 150,000 miles a year and yes - I've had some bad flights. But overall they do a good job. I think a lot of people just expect to be treated like a king when they pay $300 for a trip. Keep up the good work AA."
"Orange County to London via Dallas Ft Worth with American Airlines, and very good service. Pretty nice aircraft, good food, and friendly staff. Entertainment on board was very cool, screens were new and working. For the ground service, I have never met such unfriendly people."
"Enjoyable flight from San Francisco to Miami with American Airlines. It departed and arrived on time though nearly an hour to wait for a bay at Miami, apparently due to weather. The inflight service is very basic though - basically just a drinks service. I did overhear the male flight attendant telling the passenger behind us that the sandwiches for sale weren't flash. For a 5 hour flight on a full service airline, one would think they could include snacks."
"My husband and I were on a 10 hour American Airlines flight from Chicago to Rome for our honeymoon this past fall. I became severely dehydrated and became ill. The entire crew aboard were so sweet and helped me feel better about the incident, especially two staff who went above and beyond. One of them even gave me a change of clothes since mine were ruined and I didn't have a spare in my carry on. Kudos to both these attendants and the entire flight crew on this flight."
"American Airlines from London Heathrow to Chicago was one of the best business flights I've had for a long time. Check-in and bag-drop took seconds and the lounge was quiet and fairly empty first thing in the day. I chose this flight as it was the newly-configured business cabin on the Boeing 767-300. Overall impression very good, seemed spacious and every seat is an aisle seat, which is a huge plus. I had a window seat, and it actually was a window seat - rather other airlines where you sit at an angle and have to twist to look out. The seat had a large fixed table area between the seat and the aisle, so there was no possibility of being knocked by someone on their way past. Like all new products there were a few design issues. You have to be more or less upright before you can release and then raise the table, but you get the hang of it eventually. The seat controls are very sensitive and you can often accidentally move your seat if you arm is laying where it normally would. The meal service was good, pre-ordered main course was there, and it seemed a very honest product. A very cheap appetiser, just humous, olives and pitta bread but then a delicious fish main course, with a choice of dessert and cheese. You had to wait for the entertainment system to be distributed after take-off, in the form of content loaded tablets and noise-reducing headphones. The 767's were always noisy old crates, but if you take along your own headphones and entertainment, there's no need to wait for theirs (although there is a huge choice of material). The seat was one of the most comfortable I've sat in for ages, it moved around easily, and in combination with a built in footstool, it wans't long before I had found the perfect position and was so comfortable I didn't want to get up. I'm tall, and couldn't reach the back of the footwell however hard I tried, so it felt like there was real space to stretch out. The afternoon snack was again straightforward, a charcuterie plate of meats, cheeses and breads plus cookies. Looked after well by the flight attendants throughout the flight. I'll be booking this airline and aircraft again."
"San Francisco to Chicago O'Hare, and a well-run flight from American Airlines. Despite having a low-cost economy ticket, I was given Priority Access for free, which meant I had plenty of time to board the plane, put away my bags and get settled. Cabin service was polite. American Airlines is in my opinion, the most reliable of the three major US carriers."
"The temperature of the aircraft on or flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Fargo was so hot it melted the chocolate candy bars my husband and I had. He was sitting toward the front and I was over the wing area. We did not mention it to the flight attendant because she was so rude to begin with. I spoke with a number of other passengers and they all felt it was extremely hot. We were nauseous by the time our 2.75 hr flight was over. The temperature wasn't the part that upset me as much as the flight attendant's attitude. One of the other passengers asked for more ice and the flight attendant said \"I will in just a bit, like I told the other guy, I only have two hands\". Unnecessary rudeness."
"My review is about the customer service rather than the flight itself. I recently booked an American Airlines flight from Austin to Oakland but found other more time-friendly flights. After cancelling the flight, I inquired about a refund. The representative told me the charge was $200 for rebooking - more than the original ticket cost. Obviously I was angry. After speaking with a manager at their Phoenix Reservation Service Center, my fee was waived. It was not of course without expressing my displeasure with the airline's policy. I decided to rebook the flight for the sake of convenience and cost - why use another airline if I could not receive a refund? Passengers would do well to be wary of nonrefundable tickets and hidden fees."
"Flew LAX to Sydney on the relatively new American Airlines service and I was very impressed. I love the business class seats on their Boeing 777 - same as Cathay Pacific, very private and comfortable. I am 6ft 4 and was very comfortable when the bed was flat. The meals were great and the crew were very obliging. I wouldn't hesitate to fly with them again over the Pacific and would choose them before the Qantas skybed any day."
"We arrived at the airport at 10am and missed our 5pm American Airlines Miami to Houston flight due to gate changes. The staff was unbelievably accommodating. They heard our story and really worked with us to find a solution. We were put on a 11:30pm flight. The flight attendants were so kind to us, and they turned a nightmare into an absolutely great experience. I would recommend this airline, strictly based on the staff that we encountered on our trip."
"Flew American Airlines Manchester to Chicago, for the first time since the late 2000s, excellent cabin service. Boarding the plane was greeted by friendly staff. Approximately 20 minutes after take off, the drinks service commences along with a bag of pretzels. The first meal follows around 30 minutes after, with another drinks service. Litter is cleared quickly and another beverage service. About 2 hours later a beverage service and ice cream. Approximately 90 minutes before landing, a beverage and second meal is served. The food is decent, didn't like the sandwich, however, would have much preferred the pizza they used to serve. Boeing 757 does not have any seatback televisions except for Business Class, I brought a tablet with films pre-loaded, and it was a life saver. There is mainscreen video, but the TVs are small and a weird aspect ratio. Highly recommend going main cabin extra!"
"Dublin to Las Vegas via Philadelphia for our honeymoon. The plane was serviceable, food fine, movies fine. The staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. When you needed something they gave it to you. No big fuss, just simple good manners. We had one flight delay between Vegas and Cancun but the American Airlines staff did everything they could to make sure it wasn't a complete mess - and things worked out okay. Our flight back to Dublin with no drama, nice staff."
"I had to wait until mid-December to buy American Airlines tickets for my 7 year old daughter to come to California to visit for the holidays, I didn't think I was going to be able to afford it, or find accommodating flights for the days I was hoping for. I was helped with the entire process for a very fair price considering the timing. My daughter was extremely well taken care of by the staff, and we were 100% informed and helped through the entire process. I'm grateful that everything went as well as it did, AA is my airline for her future trips. (Tickets purchased were economy class, but because of the availability they were able to give my daughter 1st class for these flights - I don't know how often it is able to happen, but it made the unaccompanied minor fee 1000% worth it.)"
"Boston to Cozumel via Miami return at peak travel time (Dec. 26 out and Jan. 2 in). All flights on new A321. Six in our group, had the premium economy seats. Very comfortable, lots of leg room, and excellent AVOD: good-sized screen, sharp resolution, and very clear sound. Lots of choices. Service at check-in and boarding very efficient. Drink service, supplying the full can of the chosen beverage. Only downside was one sour flight attendant on the return from Miami. Otherwise, attendants were helpful and cheerful. Some delays, but pilots compensated. Seven or eight pieces of luggage made it both ways, including two gate-check car seats for kids."
"Flew Chicago to Miami with my girlfriend on Dec 2nd then on to Milano a few days later: the international flight was an Iberia ticket operated by AA which I explicitly selected as I wanted a direct flight to Milano on the way back. I have been flying with them several times in the last 5 years so I knew what to expect: basic service, aged planes and lower standards compared to major European and Asian carriers. The B738 which operated the domestic leg was kind of new instead, seats were comfortable and with a big screen (most of the services had to be paid, thoughI did enjoy the map) and crew, including the talkative pilot, nice so nothing to complain about. There was also a medical emergency on the way to Florida and it was managed promptly. MIA to MXP was operated by an old B767-300ER and, as expected, it felt like being on a bus even thought the seat is slightly better in terms of width and softness than on newer planes of any airline. Food was bad but I was prepared and I brought something with me so did not starve, it was a night flight so having no entertainment did not bother me so much but it must be painful on a daylight trip, if you are not aware. Again, crew polite and friendly but very little information from the cockpit and it was not understandable because of the bad intercom system. The only issue was the check in Miami as they force you to use the automatic machines and tag your own luggage but often you end up having to ask for help (i.e. for checking your Passport if you are not an EU citizen, like my girlfriend) and at the end the whole procedure may become slower than the standard one. The real plus of this airline is the price and I have got the feeling they are trying hard to keep their standards up to date by buying a huge number of new planes and by providing their customers a better service but it will probably take some time before they can really compete with non-US carriers in terms of quality. Personally, I will keep flying with them inside US while for overseas flights to/from USA my choice will still be for European carriers, unless unbeatable deals."
"As usual for any in/outbound flight to/from Brazil, boarding is slightly chaotic due to the lack of discipline of customers. Business class seating is barely appropriate for such a new plane. Private light not working, confusing reclining commands and even worst IFE system with several unexpected resets. Apart from a boring diner and a breakfast which I would recommend anyone to stay away from at any cost, the crew is only performing routinely, smiling and extra pampering optional. It seems that their presence is strictly contained at maintaining the cabin within permissible safety standards, all other tasks being sidelined. The herringbone layout of the cabin for some reason leads to permanent knocking on the back of your head from the passenger seating behind you. Never experiernced this before in any other new business class cabins from other airlines. Overall, American Airlines delivers a mediocre service."
"London Heathrow to Albuquerque via Dallas Fort Worth. The staff at Heathrow and on the flight were helpful, seats in economy were comfortable enough (would pay for main cabin extra next time just for the leg room), and the food satisfactory for a picky vegetarian like myself. The same goes for my domestic flight to ABQ, where everything was smooth and pleasant. I had some issues on my return flight, but the staff couldn't have been better. My flight from ABQ to DFW was delayed by 2 hours, which meant I had 10 minutes to make my flight to LHR on arriving at DFW. American Airlines staff at ABQ bumped me to main cabin extra so I could be one of the first off of my domestic flight, and put me on reserve for a later to flight to LHR if I missed my designated flight. Of course, they were sceptical about my luggage making the same flight given the allotted window, but talked me through the procedure for delayed luggage. I actually made my flight on time, and miraculously my luggage was waiting for me at LHR when I arrived. A great trip with excellent service."
"Whilst I appreciate that the vast majority of reviews are referring to domestic flights within the US, and differing factors apply, I really cannot understand the wave of negativity re AA services. From the off, these were two excellent flights, on time in both directions, easy boarding, comfortable seats, perfectly adequate food and drink for the economy cabin, and helpful, friendly staff. I like the 2-5-2 layout of this type of 777, and I see the change to 3-3-3 as a retrograde step. A large number of people travel in pairs, and it's nice to be able to sit together without having to share a row of seats. It's for that reason that, when flying economy, I try, wherever possible to choose a route served by Airbus 330 or 340. The American Airlines economy seats are wide and comfortable. The IFE is very US biased, but, of course this is an American airline. Last time I flew AA, I felt the $5 charge for drinks was ridiculous, and I'm pleased to see that they have seen the error of their ways and reverted to generous free supply of beer and wine as well as soft drinks. I'd have no hesitation using this very convenient route from N Spain to Florida (BCN to MIA) again in the future."
"Los Angeles to Madrid via Dallas and service was good on American Airlines. We were too late for our initial flight, however American gave us a new LAX-DFW flight and handled our change in flight very well. We got on the plane and left. Turns out our original flight got delayed severely, so I'm glad they allowed us to change! The seats were comfortable, the flight went smoothly, however no airline is without issues. The IFE could've been better, and the food on is gross (except breakfast and snacks.)"
"My family of nine flew American Airlines from Memphis to Harrisburg in November. There were five children and four adults, which one was with handicap. The treatment my family received was out of this world. Traveling during the holidays is always hard, but all services were great. As the father of this family, I just want let you know how thankful I am for making our holiday traveling so wonderful."
"My previous experiences with American Airlines was not so good, but this one flight compensated it all. The flight attendants were well dressed, friendly, and professional. I heard food on American Airlines is expensive, but I still bought the Asian Chicken Wrap and it was worth the price I paid. Before touching down at LA I got sick, and somehow managed to walk to the galley and despite her restriction, the flight attendant managed to get me a bottle of water and I am grateful to her for that. The flight was 3/4 full, so I went to the two empty seats at the back and rested all the way to LA, the seats were comfortable, and the plane seemed new though some seats were worn and torn. I am still not sure if I may fly this airline again because of how bad the experiences were, of the 4 flights I had with American, this one was the only one which was satisfactory."
"New York JFK to Paris CDG with American Airlines. Newer airplane thus the fully reclining seats were quite comfortable. Service was acceptable and the flight attendant was very accommodating. I was able to sleep most of my flight without disturbance from the staff. Bathrooms were clean. Would fly with American Airlines again."
"I previously travelled on this route prior to the take over of US Airways by American Airlines. I felt that although the flight from MAN to TPA via PHL was well priced, it had a rather a low-cost feel to it. Food was very poor as expected. There were very few drink runs and the crew as usual on American were all quite a bit older. However the A330 was in good condition, the seats were comfortable and the IFE worked. Internal flights both ways were 100% capacity but again were on time. I would definately use AA on this route as PHL was particularly impressive as a US entry point."
"I have accepted the fact that \"legacy\" carriers in the United States are nothing more than low frills, low service, nickle and diming, budget airlines without the budget price. At least American is. Fortunately for me, and the only reason I made this trip was the fare was extremely low. American Airlines charges for everything. Want to sit in the middle of the plane, thats extra. Want to watch anything on the brand new IFE devices, thats extra. Checking bags? Extra. Needless to say on this flight, the first leg was on a nearly new A321. If it was in service much more than a month I would be surprised. The flight left on time and arrived into LAX a few minutes early. One thing I can say, and I do not know if it was because the plane was new, or this particular model is outstanding, but the cabin pressurization was amazing. I had no effects at all from the flight to my normally very sensitive ears. On the return, the flight also left on time and arrived into Miami a few minutes early. I had no issues that needed dealing with, and the flight crew were all friendly. My issue with American is the fact that everything is extra. Fuel prices are at a record low, airline profits are at record highs, yet none of that has been invested into the flying experience in the form of reduced fees, or increased amenities."
"I was a very happy customer on my American Airlines flight AA39 from London Heathrow to Miami on 28th November. A great product on their Boeing 777-300, seats and entertainment. The service onboard was excellent. Food was good, plentiful and well-presented, good choice of wines. We fly to the US a couple of times a year in business and this is our second time with American Airlines. It won't be our last."
"American Airlines from Los Angeles to New York, and I was pleasantly surprised. FAs were professional and friendly. Food options were great. Cabin was impeccable and seats comfortable. I didn't use the IFE so cannot comment. Overall it was a great flying experience and I'd gladly fly American Airlines again."
"Overall an interesting travel experience with American Airlines. First time with them on medium haul across the Atlantic. Amazing IFE on-board the Boeing 777 for this flight from London to New York JFK. Food options limited and if you are a vegetarian, there is only an option for a vegan meal. Space and toilets satisfactory. Terminal 3 at Heathrow busy and long queues. Seat to seat calls are available besides WIFI access onboard with a minimal charge of course. Overall good and may fly with them again."
"New York JFK to Bogota via Miami with American Airlines, and a good experience. Transit in Miami is a pleasure, since terminal D is easy to walk, and nice shopping and eating experience. Admirals Club always crowded but comfortable. All flights on time. Nice FA and IFE offered on all legs. The new A321 is comfy and quiet. Even on my way back the gave me a shorter connection than originaly planned, got back to JFK sooner than expected."
"When I booked what I thought was first class for my husband and me, I realized it was economy so I rebooked into first class. I received 2 E-itinerary with with the same record locator. One had my husband going from Jacksonville to Dallas Ft Worth and the other on a different date but same record locator had me going from Charlotte to Des Moines with another person and charged to my C/C. After many calls and hangups from agents, the tickets were corrected. They said this never happens! Then I noticed I had been charged for three reservations. I called and spoke with at least 10 American Airlines' representatives. Most would put me on hold until I got a dial tone. I thought I will never fly AA again. Today one week later I spoke with a supervisor, and she not only explained about my refund on my credit card but was so courteous that my blood pressure went way down and my opinion of American Airlines went back to A1. I will continue to fly AA only because of her."
"I was very impressed by the extra service from all airline staff. I was on crutches with a broken foot and they offered to take me in a wheelchair between airlines and even to get my luggage. All airline staff was very courteous and concerned. However, I was very very offended at the end of the journey by a porter. The lady who took me to get my luggage realized that she couldn't carry my bag outside and wheel me as well, so she asked a porter to help, a Spanish speaking man. He literally picked up the one suitcase and wheeled it outside. The lady left me in the wheelchair to wait for my ride. The porter then turned to me and said, \"well?\" \"Well what?\" I asked. \"I work for tip!\" He said. \"I'm sorry I have no cash,\" I said. \"Ha! You have no cash?? I work for tip!\" He said again. \"Leave me alone,\" I said. He then threw my suitcase on the ground and walked away. At this point it was midnight, my foot was in real pain and I was really offended by this. I have no problem tipping porters, but this was a very different situation, as I didn't not ask for his help and it literally only took a moment of his time. The lady could not have taken me outside without his assistance. I will avoid the airline after this experience."
"Los Angeles to Kona (Hawaii) on an American Airlines A321. Now that I've taken two flights on this new aircraft and spoken to flight attendants it is clear that American has chosen the wrong aircraft for this route. Firstly, although new, the setup is so flawed and poorly thought out on many levels. The entertainment system is problematic with constant reboots needed and a very clumsy operating system. The whole experience is like renting a car from a budget company and getting a new car which is clearly made as cheaply as possible. The most serious issue is that due to fuel requirements this aircraft very often has to move passengers away from the front of the aircraft when loads are light. A flight attendant confessed to me that it happens with regularity including evacuation of the entire first class cabin. This is not a safety issue but an issue of very poorly thought out choice of aircraft for route. That combined with the serious design flaws make it a strange experience."
"American Airlines from Honolulu to Los Angeles. The good news is new aircraft on all Hawaii routes. Truly not bad. Flight on time, staff cordial, food acceptable - just ok. Interactive entertainment has good content but very clumsy to operate. Why tag luggage premium when it just has no meaning? It actually makes it worse with expectations not met."
"London to Los Angeles, returning Miami to London Heathrow with American Airlines. Cabin crew excellent on both flights. The return flight from MIA was delayed by 3 hours after we had to return to the gate. The expalnation given wasn't really ample, something about lack of catering and that we had to refuel due to the longer then usual taxiing, sounded really strange to us. Anyway, rebookings for missed connections at LHR were taken care of, and we were given new boarding cards when we got off the plane at LHR, no stress. Regarding the flights, we liked the new seat. It is very comfortable for sleeping although it could have a little more padding. Better than British Airways Club World seat in my opinion (BA is better for privacy if you are in a window seat). IFE and WiFi are very good, good movie selection and relaible WiFi (but it should be free of charge in business class, charging 17USD is borderline indecent). Food could also use a little improvement (love their ice cream sundaes though, which sadly weren't available on the inbound flight). There were no amenity bags for the MIA-LHR leg something I actually missed because I had most of my stuff in the checked baggage and I had no moisturiser at hand. Worst part of the journeys were probably ground service at Miami which left alot to be desired, staff were rude and not very helpful. Overall a good business class product that needs some minor improvements. Would book with the airline again."
"Los Angeles to Shanghai with American Airlines. On time, good connections, hospitable crew and a smooth flight. On a flight this long (13 hours) I've been in the habit of getting up from my seat 2 times or more and taking a short walk, usually hanging out for a spell behind or beside the crews station in the rear of the cabin. Not permitted on this flight it seems. The airplane had plenty of space elsewhere. Overall, one of my best flights, all that was important went well."
"Excellent cabin service, the dinner was better than average and the wine was very good. Overall almost back to the level of the 90's. Equipment was new with large screen individual seat video. Plane was full with usual carry-on bag kerfuffle. Left the gate 5 minutes late and waited in-line about 20 minutes for a take-off slot. Arrived in SFO about 10 minutes early. Overall excellent flight."
"London Heathrow to St Louis via Chicago with American Airlines. The flight was awesome with the attendants all performing their jobs wonderfully. The food was very good as well with, considering it was breakfast, very well sized portions. Even though it is an older product, the flight was very comfortable indeed."
"Phoenix to San Francisco, Seat 4D. Boarding priority given to first class passengers and passengers with elite status. Flight departed on time. No inflight entertainment on former US Airways aircraft therefore safety demonstration conducted by flight crew in a very effective manner. Flight crew very pleasant. Once airborne, refreshments were provided. Flight attendant on this particular flight in first class is nice and efficient. She took drink orders by rows. Once she served the drinks, she came back with the snack basket and offered to passengers. She came around second time taking more drink orders and offered more snack. Snack on offer was pretty good: Kettle potato chips, organic oatmeal cookies, mixed nuts, etc. I wish there were fresh food like banana and apple but what on offer was more than sufficient for the 90 minute flight. Interior of aircraft well maintained although the seat pitch in first class is a little tight. I think it is maybe 38 inches, like premium economy on other international airlines. But the American Airlines Boeing 737-800 aircraft seems to have better pitch, I think maybe 42 inches, but the four extra inches make a world of difference. A couple of minor complaints, no hot towel service and no pre departure drinks. That is maybe I chose to board the aircraft last so I don't have to sit while waiting for the other 180 passengers to board and walked by me and knock me over with the oversized suitcases. One recommendation for American Airlines is that they should enforce cabin bags regulations as many passengers are cheap and chose to bring the oversize suitcases onboard rather than paying check baggage fees. Smooth flight with a very pleasant female captain. Arrival into San Francisco ahead of schedule. A fairly good flight."
"Flew Miami to New York JFK yesterday on a fairly new A321S - was pleased to snag the two seater in the exit row (24D/E) which had excellent leg space. Despite the full flight and the usual nightmare of boarding and finding overhead locker space, we left on time and arrived early. The pluses - punctuality, new plane, nice cabin design and comfortable leather seats with AVOD, friendly crew (some of them anyway). The negative - unsurprisingly all the entertainment worth watching (like any snacks etc) had to be paid for, the interactive flight map also wasn't activated."
"American Airlines from San Francisco to Phoenix, seat 10D. Exit Row. Departed slightly late but arrived into PHX a few minutes early. Flight crew fairly pleasant. Briefing before taking off for exit row passengers. No inflight entertainment on US Airways aircraft therefore flight crew did the safety demonstration. After takeoff, drinks service began. Pleasant crew and ontime flight arrival. Slept most of the flight and did not check in bags. Fairly pleasant flight. Got the flight for $81. Bargain and no complaint."
"The new lay-flat seats in business class offer a great way to go. The seats offer good isolation from the other passengers and the in-flight entertainment controls were the best I have seen. Pretty much everything has been thought of in designing these seats. The service on the night flight to London was a little uneven and the food average. The service and the food on the return flight from London to LAX were excellent. The 777-300er is a nice plane and the American Airlines business class in this plane is excellent."
"I booked these flights without reviewing the airline as I thought they were in the One World Alliance and therefore should be fine. Once booked I read the reviews for this airline and thought I had made a huge mistake. However, we had no problems whatsoever, from checking in online, dropping bags off at the airport to reaching our destinations. All four of our flights departed on time and two arrived early. The boarding was fine and the flights were either full or nearly full. The first leg of our flight from Manchester to PHL left on time the the first round of service took place very quickly, the chicken dish we had was tasty and hot, one of the best airline meals I have had! Drinks were generous and came round a couple of times with each service. The flight attendants were good and we had a laugh with a couple of them. I could certainly have no hestitation in booking with American Airlines in the future."
"Because I am used to economy airlines, riding American was a change. While the flight on the CRJ-200 was operated by Air Wisconsin under the US Airways Express tag, the parent was still American. Overall the flight attendants were polite and attentive. I asked one of the stewardess (737-800 flight from DCA to ORD) how her day was going and how many flights she had today. She replied with her answer, then gave me a an entire can of Coca-Cola. Surprising considering that they aren't supposed to do that. Though $25 each way for a bag is excessive, it does beat the economy airlines. Their airfare is high, but because this was school sponsored, I only had to pay for the bags. Overall, including a 30-minute delay at DCA, not bad."
"This was American Airlines flights from Miami to Norfolk via Charlotte. This was a previous USAir route for sure. Our departing flight was delayed by nearly 30 minutes, but thanks to modern unexplicable airline scheduling, we still arrived into Charlotte an hour before our connecting flight which was on time. American is really more of a no frills airline than the so called discount airlines. Both of our flights were on repainted USAir planes which had no in cabin entertainment at all, other than wifi which I did not bother to connect to. No snacks served either. Both of these planes, while clean, were definitely on the worn side. One thing I will add, is for the first time I used Americans mobile boarding pass. This can be obtained via their app or emailed. With this and not checking bags, I had absolutely no contact with any airport agents. I also slept on both flights so I had no inflight contact with flight crew. I saw people with paper boarding passes and thought, how 2000's! I ultimately arrived on time and safely into Norfolk. I guess thats the ultimate goal when flying domestically these days!"
"I was very pleasantly surprised by the excellent quality of our American Airlines flights. The flight cost an unbeatable £300, both flights left on time and arrived well ahead of schedule. The ground service staff and cabin crew were cheerful, polite and professional. Aircraft were clean, and I found the seat comfortable and not especially cramped. The meals were acceptable, and free drink was on offer. The inflight entertainment was delivered via overhead screens, but because I was either reading or sleeping it didn't bother me at all. I have no hesitation in recommending American Airlines."
"London to Los Angeles return with American Airlines. Flights were both on time, planes were clean and comfortable. The IFE was extensive and up-to-date. The food on the LAX-LHR route was good, although the red-eye return haul had a breakfast that I mostly left. When flying into LAX the boarding was a little chaotic - whilst Group 1 boarding were announced, after this no information was given, leaving the rest of us to guess when we went to board. On the flight itself, crew were friendly at first but after about 2-3 hours into the flight they clearly were tired and it reflected on their manner as I felt like I was irritating them every time I asked for a drink when they came down the aisles, which did feel a little intimidating to me. Thankfully, my flight back was much better organised in boarding and crew were very friendly throughout the flight. Overall though my experience was positive and I would fly with American again."
"This review concerns the Philly to Manchester leg of of our trip. A customer was able to get onto to the plane with an oversized bag. He refused to check it upon boarding, tried to jam it into the overhead and under his seat. When the flight attendant was also unable to fit the luggage anywhere, the customer was rewarded with a free upgrade to first class. Flight was fine and without issue other than this customer being rewarded for breaking the rules."
"Manchester to New York with American Airlines. Upgraded to main cabin extra for a small fee, and well worth it with much more space. Food adequate. Staff did their job okay but not on par with the Qatar Airways staff I had just flown on. Shame about the poor arrival terminal with long lines for immigration and customs but that's not the airline's fault. Poor entertainment system which didn't matter to me, but my be of concern to others, especially families."
"A short flight from Tampa to Miami with American Airlines. Only 40 minutes long, so no service on board but clean and comfortable plane especially as it was a full flight. Friendly and informative staff too. Would have no hesitation in flying again."
"My adult son, who is visually impaired, travelled alone for the first time and booked assistance on his American Airlines flights from Manchester to Pittsburgh via Philadelphia. He was looked after at every point of the flights. Thank you for looking after him."
"This was my 3rd American Airlines flight this week - returning home after seeing my 5 week old grandson for the first time. Again this was the same type of aircraft as the outbound flight. The ground staff were very nice and cabin crew pleasant and efficient. My hot entrée was on board and the meal very tasty. Again, my only complaint was the in ceiling screens - couldn't really see all that well. I didn't even bother using the ear buds at my seat. forgot to mention, blanket was also at the seat upon boarding - as well as my 2 outbound flights. Nothing extraordinary - just friendly, professional service."
"This is where my 4 flights of the week went downhill. First off, American Airlines changed the plane from a great A321 type that I flew out on to an old B757 - a much larger and much older aircraft. I thought I was sent back via the Twilight Zone. I hadn't flown in one of these in years! Anyway, pillow and blanket (neither of which I used) were at our seats. The seats were large but there wasn't any regular plugs to charge devices. Again, it was a 2 hour flight so no meal - just a choice of refreshments. Entertainment was provided via overhead CRT monitors anchored to the ceiling over the aisle. CRT monitors! The ground crew were very good and organized since there were many people at the desk due to the change in aircraft. Luckily, my reserved seat was still mine - just not in the nicer A321. The cabin crew were younger but friendly and professional. The captain was funny on the PA system. Overall and okay flight but thankfully short."
"I was amazed at the attention we received from our cabin attendant. She obviously has been flying for a while and she had this down pat. She introduced herself to each passenger as we boarded. We were served a drink and the warm nuts. I had placed my entrée order online and it was there for me - and very tasty. The seat was comfortable. My only concern was the plane having only the overhead screens instead of individual seatback screens. All in all it was very enjoyable trip."
"Traveled American Airlines on 29th September and happy with the flight. Ground staff and cabin crew were professional and friendly. This was a newer A321 with good seats and 15 inch seat back screens with a wide variety of programing. It was a short flight with only refreshments served, but sufficient."
"Had an excellent experience from Palm Springs to Washington DC return during September. I had not flown American Airlines for a few years and amazed at the improved quality of the First Class domestic product. All flights were on time with connections at DFW. The inflight service was excellent and the friendliness of the team surpassed expectations."
"Las Vegas to Miami via Los Angeles. The A321 is quiet aircraft, comfortable seats, wonderful spacing and inflight entertainment system. Crew was exceptionally professional on the first short flight and the A321 to Miami. Food selection was good. Captains informative especially deviating around weather. Returned to DFW on refurbished Boeing 777-200 and to LAS on new Boeing 737-800, again fabulous flights. Sat on ground in MIA with baggage and weather delays and Captain informed passengers of status. Missed DFW connection, but my AA app revised flight all figured out as we landed. New Boeing 777-200 interior is beautiful, loved the mood lighting. Once again, service was great and crew very professional."
"American Airlines ground handling at Heathrow is slapdash, disappointing considering it's AA's own staff. Despite having Oneworld Elite status, no priority tags, explanation of lounge options or recognition at check-in or boarding gate (use of my name just once would have been nice). Used the British Airways lounge, and it was fine for a coffee and afternoon tea. Boarding at LHR chaotic. Onboard, the crew were friendly and jovial, the new Business Class seat is comfy, lots of storage, great IFE and Bose headsets. Wifi did dropout numerous times. The dining was second to none, compared to British Airways where a tray is thrown at you in Club World and the main course in overcooked and swimming in liquid. I have not flown in Economy with American Airlines transatlantic yet, but Business Class exceeded my expectations, and with their new product they exceed BA by miles. Looking forward to American Airlines and this aircraft on the SYD-LAX route."
"American Airlines is hit and miss on most flights. Sometimes great service, sometimes not so great. They should have longer turnaround times in London Heathrow, because I often take their flights from there to LAX/JFK and the planes are dirty. This time, I opened up my screen at row 16 and there was food, drinks and everything else on the screen. The table dirt was the same. Seats had food bits in them. This flight was okay, food was better. Planes are packed these days, so even as Exec Plat, I had no chance of the system wide upgrade."
"La Guardia to San Jose via Miami with American Airlines. The ground service was ok, and the flights were on time. The p[lanes are a bit old, and American still uses the olds 737 on this route. The transfer connection in Miami fast and easy. However, the downside is that American Airlines FA's are not interested on offering a good service. Not even a smile."
"Boston to New York JFK on American Airlines Boeing 737-800. Plane was retrofitted with new seats. Obviously makes the travel much better, as although tighter on pitch, the slimmer profile allows a certain amount of comfort. Flight time was not enough to make purchasing TV content worth it. May have been a moving map available for free. Given the revenue on the Northeast corridor routes, the upgraded plane makes sense, but not sure how much charging for TV is worth attempting to charge for compared to others where it is free."
"Amazingly, no issues with both flights on American Airlines. Flight from MIA-DFW left on time. Boeing 777 is a great aircraft, the economy seats seem to be less cramped and overall flying experience is nice. Flight from DFW to YVR also on time, and the flight was full of people coughing and sneezing. I thought for sure I would get sick, but I didnt. That's obviously not the fault of the airline! The airline staff pleasant. I got what I paid for, a basic flight that took off and landed on time, all luggage arrived, no issues or problems."
"American Airlines has definitely upped their game. I was upgraded due to my EP status on AA. Out of all the US airlines only AA regularly upgrades me. I spend a lot of money with them in my business, not sure if that is connected though. This is their A320 shuttle between LAX-JFK, replacing larger Boeing 767, which I used to fly. It cannot be compared. Seats are great, comfortable. The only illogical thing is USB / Headphone plugs and cell phones which is behind your seat, to make space in front. But it is a little annoyance. Food is great, better than on international AA flights I take from LAX-LHR. They had great starters, good wines and fresher food options. AVOD great, good sized personal TV. AA is going the right direction, I just hope they don't become complacent again. The competition is tough and I recently tried Mint by JetBlue, which I dare to say was even better."
"American Airlines Dublin - JFK - LAX - Honolulu - LAX flights on time. Fantastic crews, some of them had definitely been around a while (and I saw more than one wearing a pair of crocs) but they seemed to be genuine and take pride in their jobs. Great catering, Dublin - JFK I had the best steak on a plane. Generous meals were served on the long domestic legs. Crew offer drink top ups. The seats Dublin - JFK were old angled seats, fine for daytime flight but I wouldn't like to travel overnight with these. The full flat seats between JFK and LAX on the new A321 were superb. The old recliner seats LAX-HNL-LAX flights were nothing to write home about but a step up from shorter haul business class in Europe. only thing that could have improved for me would be handheld IFE units given out to customers in First Class on LAX-HNL legs. The flights are around 5.5-6hrs and this would have vastly enhanced the experience."
"La Paz to London via Miami. The main reason for this review is that American Airlines now check your baggage through. After booking the flights, I had a warning from a friend that you not only had to go landside when transiting, but you had to collect your bags to check in again. I had minimal time in (Dallas on the way out) Miami and AA reservations confirmed that baggage could not be checked through. They now do so and I made the LHR flight with about 30 minutes to spare (unhelpful immigration staff). The flights were uneventful and unimpressive, but cheap and got there in reasonable time. The only real gripe is the entertainment system. The Boeing 777 flights provide a woefully short number of films, documentaries, comedies, dramas and any choice would get a 'you want to watch it from 20 minutes in or wait for the next one in 10 minutes?' Sound and picture quality are very poor. The Boeing 757 flight from La Paz was a throwback to the 80's - fold down screens in the aisle, where you will watch the only showing, unless you're sitting in a window seat and you can't see the screen anyway. Point I did like was that, for a cheap cost, you can buy a better seat well in advance. As said, my flights to Peru and back from Bolivia were a lot cheaper than alternatives so if that means the TV options are rubbish, so be it."
"Flew Dallas Fort Worth to Washington with American Airlines on an MD-80 with a new and modern interior. First Class seat seemed to be smaller than the old seats, a little tight in the rear. Flight departed and arrived on time. Cabin crew was super, after take off we were served a nice lunch, surprisingly the food was pretty good. Wi-Fi was available but I didn't make use of the service. Crew was funny, professional and extremely attentive, great service. American seems to be trying harder, great improvement."
"A great American Airlines service. Flagship lounge very nice at JFK. Boarding on time, nice FA, new aircraft, very comfortable seating. Only thing, do not sit in the front row for business, it is very noisy and crew are close. Choose row 7 or 8. Nice food service, and snacks."
"Sao Paulo to New York JFK. American Airlines newer Boeing 777-300 have started looking tired and a bit dirty, like the old 777s and 767s. The service was very good and friendly. Both seat and entertainment worked well (same poor TV programming) and in spite of the fact that we had a pair of spoiled loud children on Business Class, the ride was smooth and comfortable. The food was quite average, but a very decent selection of wines. I a very pleased to see that decent service, at least in the premium cabin, is becoming more common. Not all flights for sure, but enough for frequent flyers to notice."
"The 2nd leg of 2 to Las Vegas with American Airlines. After travelling from Manchester and now feeling rather tired and weary, we couldn't wait just to get on the plane and get away. When we seen the plane at the gate it was a lot smaller than our first flight so we expected to be squashed up like sardines for 6hrs as the flight was fully booked. Again the flight boarded on time and we were greeted by the cabin crew, found our seats and to our surprise there was even more leg room than the first flight. The cabin was also fresh, clean and bright. Departure was delayed by an hour due to a technical fault with something to do with the fuel. Once up and away the inflight service commenced and free drinks were served which I wasn't expecting for an internal flight. The entertainment was in overhead TV's but I didn't expect seat back entertainment on a smaller plane. I didn't even expect TV's on the plane. We arrived in Vegas only 30 minutes late so that wasn't too bad after our 1 hour delay. No problems at all with this flight (apart from delay, but safety is paramount)."
"Manchester to New York JFK with American Airlines, being the first leg of 2 travelling to Las Vegas with my wife and son. After reading some of the horror stories previously I wasn't looking forward to the flights. The day got off to a bad start with a 2hr queue for checking in at Manchester airport, and then to find out that the seats that my wife had booked online (window seats) were then not available to us and we were put in the centre section - although one of us would be sitting by ourselves, this was rectified on board with another passenger who kindly swapped. The flight was on time and we made it with 20 minutes to spare thanks to the mass chaos at check in, the plane looked new and clean from the outside, but once inside the aircraft all that changed, and you stepped back in time to the 1990's. The cabin was dreary and their was also a stale smell in the air (like a pub carpet), and also the entertainment system may have well been non existent with the overhead TV's (no seatback entertainment here). The flight was good, the cabin crew were good - friendly and no attitude, the food was good, and also the refreshment service was no problem (free drinks). The seats may have been old, but they were spacious and plenty of legroom in front. Would I fly with AA again - if I got the same level of service then yes, if it was a dirty aircraft that desperately needs dragging into the modern age for a long haul flight then no. American Airlines need to up their game in certain departments and make sure it happens across the board so everybody has the same level of service whether it be long or short haul."
"I fly American many times throughout the year from DFW to US and international countries. The most annoying thing is when traveling via Miami, American loves to fill the aircraft with a ton of cargo so much so that flight will often be delayed departing, meaning a missed connection in Miami. Seems American loves to put people in Hotels in Miami from delayed flights. My recent flight from DFW via Miami catching American Eagle to GNV, I nearly missed with the connection because American in DFW decided to load a ton of cargo onto the Boeing 777-300ER. Granted the plane was flying onwards from Miami to RIO, but most of the passengers were making connections in Miami to other US cities via American Eagle. As the flight was delayed 1hr in DFW while a full plane sat on the ground, by the time the food for purchase came around the food had run out. So much so that the cabin crew started giving out free snack items. As to the delay from DFW, American was nice to give each person the full can of soda or Juice, and the pilots took us over the gulf to so we could reach Miami quicker. Once landed in Miami everyone ran to D60 where all the American Eagle flights depart with a mad rush for the sky train to make the connections."
"Guadalajara to Chicago via Dallas/Ft Worth with American Airlines, and no problems. Flight to Guadalajara and back were good. Seat was not comfortable on the older MD80, but well managed and very clean. The A320 has inflight entertainment, however it stopped working about 30 minutes before landing. Flight attendants were kind and attentive, and the snack pack is actually a good buy on economy. Overall, very enjoyable experience."
"London to New York with American Airlines. The cabin crew were friendly, food was tasty, and the trip was comfortable. For a relatively long flight, it was pleasant, and more comfortable than many flights I've been on."
"Paris CDG to New York JFK I only flew American Airlines because all of the one-stop flights from Cairo to New York via Qatar Airways were full, and I figured that one transatlantic flight on American Airlines was worth it to experience Qatar Airways business class between Doha and CDG. Boarding was slightly problematic. They announced business class boarding, and when I walked up to go through, I was rudely told that only business class passengers were boarding. It was assumed that due to my appearance that I couldn't possibly be a business class passenger, but once they realized the mistake, no apology was forthcoming. The plane was obviously old and the IFE personal entertainment screen was small, with a very limited selection of movies and television shows. When \"The Good Wife\" is the most interesting series available, there's a problem. However, the seat worked, and the flight attendants were nice, even though they didn't go the extra mile- everyone had to take care of their own carry-on and put it in the overhead bin. My special Halal meal was great, for both the main course and snack selectio\". My main course was similar to everyone else's in terms of presentation, but my snack was even better - instead of the Croque Monsieur Sandwich or Thai sandwich that the other passengers got, I got an awesome shrimp dish. The flight wasn't bad, per se, but if you're going to fly business class, there are many better airlines out there."
"London Heathrow to New Orleans via JFK, LGA, CLT, DFW, on Boeing 777-300ER, A321/319 and Canadair RJ900. I had a code share flight from Geneva with British Airways but I had to change terminal which meant clearing security again - American Airlines has very few European connections at Heathrow so I'd rather transit elsewhere, given the choice. While free wine and beer is a welcome addition in economy class, the food is still lacking in quality and served in little black boxes that give an industrial feel. Integration with US Airways is incomplete; I had a domestic flight segment operated with a US Airways flight number but an aircraft with American Airlines livery on the outside (and US Airways inside) and there was no way to know whether I'd have to pay for my luggage. It ended up costing me $25 from LGA to MSY - no prior warning (and another website that declared the charge would have been cheaper overall). Change of airport required for a connection in New York so I spent a few days there. Generally the cabin crew were pretty friendly and I appreciated the interiors in the new Boeing 777-300ER with individual IFE. On the way home, they would have wanted me to pay $25 to choose any other seat on my flight from MSY to DFW but the back row; $75 to choose anything but a middle seat between DFW and LHR. I thought this was stingy, especially since I checked in early. Also, when I tried to check in online, the AA website sent me to US Airways and then US Airways sent me back to AA. With my BA legs I had 3 different booking codes (I had to find the US Airways one from Check My Trip). Flight out of LGA was late - the captain never came on to explain why it took so long to taxi to the runway - but the crew were great, eg. making people change seats just before landing so that anyone with a tight connection got an aisle seat. Overall I felt that this experience was not bad; better than United but I would always choose a European Airline over American Airlines if I could. A lot of disabled people were helped by the ground crew which was good. While the apps were pretty bad in the sense that check in was hard and so was getting my own boarding pass - it's not possible to download it to the app. I did. however, appreciate the Wifi luggage checking facility - you can scan your baggage tag and see if your bags made it to the plane through the onboard wifi."
"I really enjoyed this airline. It was I'd say the cabin crew was 95.9% polite and I enjoyed the food. Since I was in economy, you'd normally think the legroom would have no leg-room. I thought there was plenty of space since I am of an average height. The toilets were great and the 9 hour flight was worth it. I would say they could've come round a bit more often, but other than that everything was great. I will be definitely taking this airline again."
"The new American Airlines business class on the Boeing 777 is very good with two exceptions. First, catering needs a serious upgrade. The food was barely edible, and I must admit although I like ice cream for dessert, my expectations are a bit higher when travelling business class on a long-haul flight. The so called \"Champagne\" is Prosecco, which is a fine Italian product, but not Champagne by a long shot. I would suggest that American Airlines should either offer the real thing, or call it Prosecco. My second exception has to do with the comfort of the seat. It is great for sleeping, but for day-time travel it is not very comfortable."
"This knocks spots off British Airways (same alliance). The business suites are much more private than Club World. The crew were friendly and the cabin was the right temperature. I was very impressed. There was virtually nothing I disliked about this flight and I will fly with them again."
"Very decent flight with excellent, personalized service. For an avid critic of AA most of my life, it is time to say that I truly believe this airline is changing for the good. There is still garbage on my seat pocket, lunch was almost not edible and WiFi remains far from great, but the human component of the service is genuíne and professional."
"Flew from SJO-DFW-AMS and got bit afraid to fly American due to all those bad reviews but didn't had any of all those. For starters their new triple 7 is a nice plane, even I flew in economy. For starters plenty of leg room, even for economy for a long haul flight. Entertainment system was ok, didn't had many movies that were my style but then again the fact that you could swipe over the screen to change between movies, games etc, was great. Food was poor, especialy the breakfast on the flight from SJO to DFW. Also switching between airplanes in DFW was awful but nothing American could do about. For the price I paid I got what I got expected nothing more, nothing less."
"I have had plenty reasons to complain in the past about traumatic AA flights, but my LAX-JFK flight was impeccable. Best service and attitude by crew in years on this route and fantastic seat, state-of-the art entertainment (good movies, not that great tv programs). Also a nice clean cabin, that made me forget the dirty experience of the 767s."
"Unlike the international flight I took from Europe with AA, this domestic flight was quite okay particularly because of very open cabin crew attitude. Everything else was just okay. Nothing extraordinary, but nothing that I should complain about."
"Excellent product. A first class experience. Check in, lounge,inflight service, entertainment and food all top class. Highly recommended. The seat comfort and personnel space is the aircrafts best feature. Their business class also has a very smart comfy feel."
"Flew to Hong Kong via Dallas and back. I had a nice conversation with a flight attendant in the rear of the plane while I couldn't sleep. People don't realize that there are more than one flight attendant available to serve drinks and some snacks during flight, not just during their meal times. American's level of service is very standard for major carriers like Delta and United both domestically and internationally. I find that the majority of the time when I'm traveling it is passengers who do not understand air travel that are most frequently angry or upset. Those of us who travel frequently understand, those that don't have no idea."
"I take this flight a few times a year and it is a good experience, however on my last flight the attendant went out of her way finding me a special meal and going over and above with her service. She changed my bad mood into a great mood and I wanted to thank her!"
"Long detour to get from GRU to LAX but gave me the chance to experience their J flagship product both in the international (B777-300) and domestic (A321) products. The individual reverse herringbone seats on the 777 are second to none. Privacy and sleeping space are guaranteed. The entertainment is good enough and the flight crew professional and even friendly to some extent. The one downside was the food, which was not only below what one would expect for J and not very tasty either. In the transcon similar experience. The full lie flat in J is a nice touch, and even getting over the other passenger is not a problem at all. The only major difference was the crew, who were a bit more standoffish."
"Business class was excellent, plenty of food choices, generous servings and good food quality. Avoid the bulkhead seats in Business Class or the seats in the last row of Business Class. The variety of inflight movies is excellent as is the sound quality."
"The old Boeing 777 had been retrofitted. They removed First Class and Business Class seats upgraded to fully flat seats over two sections of the aircraft with a nice bar in between. Cabin crew were nicer and even managed to smile (have not seen that in a long time). The food offered was better also: ie. for breakfast, a plate of fresh fruit with some granola and greek yogurt, warm scone, jam and butter."
"Pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the flight was. Plenty of leg space, great overhead lighting, great seat back entertainment. I had asked for a vegetarian meal - which showed up and was delicious."
"ORD-MSY, 1st July. Online check-in was swift and simple, no delays and friendly ground and air crew. Basic plane so no wifi or IFE but it was only a 1.5 hour flight so can't really complain. A bit of a bumpy landing in the rain but very well-handled by captain and crew. Was served a complimentary drink but no food, but again only a 1.5 hour flight. Would happily recommend AA to others."
"First Class on A321 Transcon. Ground service was excellent. Flagship Check-In was fantastic, very spacious and modern space away from the crowd. After check-in, I was escorted to the front of the TSA Pre-Check Line and was done with security in two minutes, although I wish the agent was more jovial. Flagship Lounge great with plenty of breakfast options and an extensive beverage selection. The lounge was not crowded. Seating was comfortable and WiFi was fast. Overall, a great space with much better food and drinks than the regular lounge. Flight was good. Seats were spacious with tons of storage. Power ports, USB plugs, remote control and a bunch of other features located by your seat. Seat was private, minor complaint would be the firmness, wish there were a lot more soft like the ones they have on the Boeing 767-300s. TV screens were huge, great interactive map with plenty of entertainment options. The purser was interactive and friendly, although they lack some finesse. She dropped my appetizer on the floor and constantly spilled liquid on my tray table. Food in abundance, they also introduced a new menu that I got to try out. Appetizer, main and dessert were all good quality, although nothing memorable. Salad was extremely disappointing. It tasted and looked like leftovers from a prepackaged bag of salad and the dressing was oily. Overall, food could have been better although for a flagship route, American should step up their game, considering Delta offers excellent inflight meals on shorter flights. All in all, the flight was great. Excellent ground service, good service, great seat, although food needs some improvement."
"The flight was okay. Legroom fine, snacks were okay, the average you would expect from a domestic flight. However, let me emphasize on the poor baggage handling on this flight. We arrived at the Terminal, 4-5 hours before boarding time, just to be sure. We were allowed to check-in. However, upon arrival at our final destination (STL), our bags were not with the plane. They were not on any of our flights! As it turns out, our bags never left New York. We thought that being very early for our flight guaranteed every detail to be fine, including our luggage. However this event was truly a disappointment. I still would recommend this airline to other people, as my other flights were fairly average, and didn't go wrong like this one."
"Toilets were fine, seating was good. Food average (but at least there was food!). Great staff, pilots and overall a good experience. Some issues with our baggage as it appears our baggage never left New York (ORD to STL was a connecting flight from JFK). This issue was resolved quickly as our 4 pieces of luggage were delivered free to the place we were staying at in St Louis. Overall, our flight with American was fine."
"I traveled with my wife to Paris (CDG) from Boston on June 14 on AA146. The attention was mediocre and even forgot to give my breakfast or snack. On the return flight on June 26 from London to New York flight AA107 the service was better, like the food, plane with plenty of room for the feet and service better than normal."
"American Airlines has improved for US domestic travel. I would say 90% of staff encounters I have are upbeat, courteous and professional. I don't know how it's going to be after US Air is fully integrated, but for now I am happy with the new planes, mostly professional FA's, helpful gate agents. There's a tiny part of me that's tempted to try them on an overseas flight, but maybe that's a bridge too far."
"What a difference a new plane can make. New seat is comfortable and well designed, sat in a reverse facing seat but did not feel out of place. Crew very friendly. Enjoyed the walk up bar area. Food excellent and AVOD same quality as new 777. Took a while to get used to the window shades as people darkened the window to their preference."
"JFK-BOS-LGA. Lounge at JFK and BOS great. Complimentary snacks limited but bar menu great and quality excellent. Onboard service personable, flight attendants very interactive. Seats were good on the B737 and drinks were plentiful despite the length. My only complaint is on the return flight, the seats were a tad hard and aircraft needed a lot of attention. They could also improve on the snack selections onboard."
"The friendly cabin crew and comfort of this new looking aircraft, in particular the amount of leg-room in economy, surprised me. Entertainment options were good (passenger pays) and the food for purchase was much better quality than I expected. Better product all round than the Air Canada flight taken a few days earlier LA-Toronto."
"Day and night difference! US Air to Portugal was a nightmare and I was not looking forward to the return via AA. But there was a difference! The crew all were smiling and were friendly as we entered, our seats had not been changed as US Air had done and the plane was clean and almost comfortable. I am 6'2\" tall and 315 lbs, they provided an extention without even a request for me and the tv/video screens were present and operational. Interior temps were comfortable and the food service was pleasant as well as edible. The crew was present and friendly all day. I would fly AA again but never their counterpart US Air again."
"First trip on the reconfigured B777 business class and I was impressed. Virtually identical to the CX layout, which I love. Quite a bit of privacy and personal space, with a very comfortable flat bed. IFE had ample choices, and the food and beverage was good as well. In flight overseas WiFi worked very well also. Flagship check in at LHR in a separate and dedicated building makes the process very easy. I think AA has upped their game on the overseas routes - perhaps not all - but this was an excellent trip."
"First overseas trip in the newly configured B767 with flat beds. The cabin looks very crisp, clean, and modern but I found the seats to be uncomfortable and poorly designed. The seats seem very narrow, and once in the flat bed position your feet end up in a narrow, confining box-like area which makes it difficult to move around. Impacted sleep quality immensely. Tablet-based IFE strange, clunky with limited choices. The biggest positive surprise was the food, which was as good an airline meal as I've had. Perfectly roasted duck breast in a coconut lime curry was restaurant quality, salads fresh and crisp. On balance better than expected and an improvement for AA."
"First Class JFK - Seattle June 1. Although the flight was delayed almost two hours due to a combination of weather aircraft delays etc.. the flight was fine. The JFK ground crew worked with a combination of humor and professionalism that provided the right touch at the gate and once the aircraft arrived everyone worked very quickly to get us on our way. Once in flight we had warm service in the small front cabin (737-800) by two experienced yet friendly attendants. The food was definitely an upgrade from recent trips and all in all I felt American did a good job. Baggage delivery at Sea-Tac was awful."
"I flew from IAH Airport to DFW as a layover and then DFW to ORD as the final destination on Saturday May 23rd. The flight leaving IAH was on time and arrived on time to DFW. However the flight from DFW was delayed by 45 minutes because the plane was coming in from Montego Bay Jamaica. So we had to wait and it took an additional hour to arrive at final destination."
"ORD-SAT on Apr 9 and RNO-ORD on Apr 23 both legs in First (due to upgrade) on an MD80. Both flights fine with slightly early arrivals and no drama - Obviously older planes showing some wear and tear but comfortable with standard First class seats. FA tending to First Class on the ORD-SAT leg was excellent hard working attentive continuously present in the cabin to tend to the passengers also a bit more formal (in a good way) less chatty (again good) and obviously concentrating on delivering a good service. FA on the second leg more relaxed in delivering service but still ok. Catering for the first (evening) leg was a chicken or pasta choice with the chicken dish bland and just barely edible. Not good enough even for economy on many other airlines. Also strange that AA considers the chicken or pasta choice a First Class offering on a three hour dinner time flight probably only possible on the US market. Wines served were ok and regular refills offered by the good FA. First Class breakfast RNO-ORD leg was cereal with no other option. Again how this can be considered a First Class breakfast for a four hour flight is beyond me. Good premium check-in with no significant lines and manned counters in both ORD and RNO boarding professional and painless. Actually two pleasant flights with good crews but also with sub- par catering. Also of course excellent value due to the upgrade."
"AA2320 - May 7 2015. Inaugural 787 flight on AA - DFW to ORD. Fun flight - a lot of press at the boarding area. Photos were taken of each passenger standing in front of a green screen so that you would get a picture printed with you in front of the plane. 82 people on the upgrade list for a completely full flight - most I've ever seen. Boarding was smooth - about 90% of the passengers were airline/aviation enthusiasts that purposely were on the flight. Flight attendants/pilots were all jovial and happy to show off the new plane. Water-cannon send-off from Terminal D - then a nice smooth take-off with cheers from passengers. Good inflight entertainment - but still they show the same shows that were on flights I took 9 months ago. Why can't American keep updated entertainment? Emirates/Singapore/Qantas/British all do it. Drink and BOB on board - people walking all over the plane between First and Coach taking pictures. Camera-men filming the cabins and passengers reactions. Landed early at ORD and quick disembarkation. Overall a good flight and cheap fare."
"Very happy to write a quick follow up to my recent review indicating that my good experience was not a fluke. LA- Kona first class on a 757. I was served a decent meal by an extremely pleasant crew including the signature sundae. Everything was crisp and professional with a touch of warm. Same comments about sad entertainment system though."
"Just travelled Heathrow - JFK and back in economy. Really happy with the service the stewards were very helpful even giving us info on the best places to eat in New York. The flight was half empty so we could spread out on both flights. It was on time. Food ok and they make sure we had a drink in our hand whenever we wanted. Very comprehensive choice of old and new films/TV. Would recommend."
"I am quite happy to write a positive review of my experience yesterday. Flying from Honolulu to LA on a 757 I was expecting very little. Instead I was welcomed by a warm crew to a comfortable seat and received warm attentive service. The breakfast was quite nice and beverages were free flowing and offered in a friendly manner. The entertainment on a screen ahead was minimal and that was the only second rate part of the trip. The pillow and blanket offered were large and comfy. I hope this signals an upgrade system-wide for a product that has long called for one."
"DCA-DFW-SEA-DFW-IAD B737-800 Coach Class for all four segments 04/17 and 04/21. PROS: First Class check-in due to my One World Emerald Tier status; Flights on time except for DFW-SEA that left the gate on time but returned due to a mechanical problem that resulted in a delayed departure of an hour and arrival in SEA 40 minutes late. All planes clean and either new or fairly new. Staff efficient and most were quite friendly except for one on the SEA-DFW segment who had an attitude problem. Snacks for sale on three of the four segments and complimentary beverages served on all segments seats comfortable except for DCA-DFW (see CONS). Baggage transferred efficiently and delivered on the carousels at SEA and IAD very quickly as they had One World priority tags. CONS: The Admiral's Club Lounges look nice with comfortable seats but the free snack offerings at DFW were pitiful DCA-DFW had a brand new plane with the new B737 sky interior and AA leather seats. This was outstanding though sadly ruined by two awful boxes for the seat back video screens anchored on both sides of the middle seat foot well. This was pathetic for legroom on even a three-hour flight; Any airline that can find a very compact version of this video control box is a winner! Overall despite the many negative reviews that I have read recently about AA I was very satisfied with this trip and will definitely use them again. I didn't have high expectations for domestic AA service upon arrival at DCA on 04/17 but they actually did much better on the entire round-trip."
"R/T SFO-JFK. Outbound in business return in F. I think AA is doing a very good job with its Airbus 321 transcons in the premium classes. The seats are excellent both in C and in F. Indeed both are horiz lie flats. IFE is superb. Lots of choices large HD screens and Bose noise cancelling headphones supplied. Service was good in both directions. The food was a 7 on a scale of 10. My main criticism was the lunch in F. It unfortunately conveyed a sense of cut backs. Lounges at both ends were top notch particularly the F lounge at JFK. That is not to say that SFO Admirals was bad. It is truly excellent just that the F lounge is better. Overall on these transcons AA has a quality product."
"LHR-RDU economy. I was really impressed with this flight. Ok the plane was the same age as me (28 I checked) and showed it - particularly in not having PTVs for quite a long flight. Seats a little hard. Everything else was very impressive though - food was edible and generous (main meal Ice cream and second snack meal) and regular drinks runs including beer. Staff were incredibly polite and friendly and there was a very relaxed atmosphere which I liked."
"LHR-MIA March/April. We were sold this round trip on the 'new' AA Business Class product. We knew it was a 777-300ER LHR-MIA and a 777-300 back. The outbound was fantastic with great service seats AVOD and everything one should expect from a modern BC cabin. we have flown Emirates BC 4 times in the past 6 months and this cabin is comparable to both the A380 and the 777 in that class defining airline. Whilst we found the service in Emirates a bit disorganised AA was efficient friendly and warm we like the more mature no nonsense crew on Airlines out of the States although it's a thin line to rude and dis-interested on occasions! However AA should be ashamed scheduling a 200 version for the return leg which was not a result of a last minute 'change out' due to failure but that quote ' The newer plane has been stolen for Los Angeles some weeks ago'. Call me sad but I would have changed my flight if I'd known we'd be on this antique! Lie at an angle beds a 10 inch screen maybe 11 low def (love the jumpy fuzzy effects reminded me of the 90s) and the general feel of a very tired plane! What was different was the excellent service and food I was annoyed when I sat down but slept for 3 hours and was relaxed when I got off. AA has begun to catch up it's got some way to go and given the lounge experience (don't ever ever call sparkling wine Champagne!) there is a way to go the crew are spot on and at the end of the day that's what makes a flight. Seat score is for the 777-300ER but oddly it's not great for couples as these seats are very. 'Pod' like and chatting to each other isn't easy AVOD score is the new plane."
"LHR to MIA Business Class. The plane was one of the older 777-200 with 2-3-2 seating meaning that the person in the middle always had to disturb someone to get out. The seat was ok but not really a true flat bed. The VOD was patchy in that on two of the films I watched there was something wrong with the display so I had to stop it and restart it. The food was very nice - my steak was delicious. Cabin crew were all very friendly and accommodating."
"Due to a booking snafu (which may have been of my making) and the flight being oversold our non-stop return flight LHR-RDU was unavailable. The courteous and helpful ticket desk staff re-booked our free ticket LHR-JFK-RDU. We were told with great pride that the transatlantic portion would be aboard AA's new flagship 777-300ER. I applaud AA as being the only U.S. airline to give it's customers the opportunity to ride the latest and finest of American ingenuity technology and manufacturing excellence. It did strike me however that AA may have commissioned a \"lite\" version of the plane as it was missing some of the bells and whistles I had seen on some foreign carriers (wood floors mood lighting etc). Overall the economy interior can best be described as bland. On the plus side mammoth overhead bins decent seats great ride and as good an in flight entertainment system as you'll find anywhere in coach. Watched three excellent first run movies. All we need now is some edible food and AA will have caught up with BA and VS. However as a word of caution to those flying from the US to the UK on AA be aware of the aircraft type when you make your booking. In addition to the new AA Flagship 777-300 the airline also flies the 777-200 which is getting along in age the venerable 767-300 and the 757-200 which in my opinion is not at all suited to Transatlantic travel."
"New York (JFK) to Antigua during the very bad snow on the US East Coast. Early morning departure was going well until we reached the gate and found that a problem with a burst pipe meant no baggage could be loaded. However assume this was a knock on from the weather conditions. We were kept relatively well informed about delay which extended to around 3 hrs. However the anticipation of arriving in 85 degrees warmth mitigated the delay. Service on aircraft was fine. We had seats with extra leg room. Inflight entertainment ok. Only soft drinks were free. We had an egg sandwich which was OK. Flight back was also delayed slightly but made up time to arrive near to scheduled time. No queue at immigration. However all this came to nought due to baggage problem at aircraft which meant we waited an hour for bags to arrive. No complaints about flight crew either way - clearly not as customer focused as Non US airlines but efficient."
"AA 280 ICN to DFW. Was flying with an economy ticket got an upgrade to business kind of last minute. Aboard as my husband was flying in first class (empty cabin) the purser invited me to join him. What a difference it makes. So glad for the double upgrade in the same flight. Service was good purser was friendly service oriented and professional. The 777-200 is showing its age but the first class suite is still very comfortable."
"JFK-MIA-JFK. Priority check-in at JFK was awful. The AA staff were absolutely rude and unhelpful to the point that she was yelling. It was an appalling experience. Things got better on-board first leg on a newly configured 767 as a last minute equipment change. The new First Class seats are extremely comfortable. There were tons of storage space and it went completely flat. Flight attendants on this flight were very friendly pro-active and interactive. Breakfast was delicious and creative. Overall an absolutely delightful flight the new cabin is gorgeous. Return flight in Main Cabin Extra and this time ground staff in MIA was much friendlier than JFK. Exit row seats were comfortable and entertainment options were decent. Overall another great experience with AA despite the bad impression at JFK."
"DFW-LHR in B773. Not sure what other people want but I got what I expected. Good steak for dinner accompanied with a nice Pinot Noir form New Zealand seat turns into a comfortable bed IFE is excellent flight attendants had right mix of anticipating what you need and leaving you in peace. on the down side overhead bin space is limited compared to Business cabin."
"Business class LAX-MIA-SXM and back. I booked seats 9 months out. Two weeks before departure my wife and I were separated. After four calls and \"It can't be fixed\" answers it was finally fixed via email. Of the four segments all but the first ones were quite enjoyable. The first a red eye out of LAX was average at best. Smooth boarding rock hard seats that sent my back into pain an hour out; surly unhelpful FA's. As we approached the gate in MIA the FA gave us connection information which was wrong. Had we not checked a board in the terminal we would have been sent so far out of our way we would have missed our flight. The other 3 flights were fine except for the MIA-SXM meal which was inedible. Planes were old but fairly well preserved. All flights on time. At SXM our \"priority\" bags were the last off the plane. Overall small stuff."
"I am mostly an international flyer on Qatar Etihad and BA. I have been flying American a lot in the US in the past 18 months and have to say I have been pleasantly surprised. This weekend there was a bad storm that closed Washington area airports and I had to get back from Miami to make an international departure the following day. Two of my flights were cancelled. The agent at the Admirals Club stuck with it for almost an hour as we strategized a way to get near enough to DCA so I could have options to get home (eventually I got to PHL and rented a car). The only slightly sour note was the agent's supervisor came over saying \"no...no...no..\" and she couldn't be bothered with trying to understand what we were trying to do. Seeing I was now getting really angry the supervisor pulled back and the agent got me near enough on a USAir flight. USAir had their own agent in the Club and he got us on a waitlist for an even earlier flight which proved to be a Godsend. And after all that my baggage eventually made it to DC after the storm with no drama. Of course I am Oneworld Gold and we were flying first class and I didn't have to stand in a mile long line in the main terminal. But that's what you're paying for and often US airlines don't treat you very well no matter how much you paid for the ticket. I also have found AA is incredibly helpful on the phone in changing reservations even on codeshare flights which is something I have to do frequently. Their website is extremely good and links nicely with other airlines if you are on a complicated itinerary that includes one of their flights. I know people who gripe about them but for now they're my go-to US airline."
"Flew PHL-AMS return on 757-200 in January 2015. No frills single aisle plane was on time and food was fine - one glass of wine free. I brought my own iPad full of movies because of the lack of AVOID. No person sat beside me so plenty of room. Staff was efficient but they need to fix a loose door in the loo (was broken on the outbound and return flights no excuse)."
"AA86 on Jan 22: ORD-LHR 767-300. Used Flagship Lounge before boarding - always great service there and one of the ladies always remembers me with a hello and chat. Boarding was quick - seat 6G and Business Class was full. Coach was around 70% full. Greeted by attendant on boarding and once at my seat attendant came and took my jacket and offered water/champagne/OJ. Took off on time and post-take off drinks were served with nuts. Dinner was halibut that was excellent and the F/A's were very attentive. Bose headsets always great and Samsung tablet had sufficient shows to watch. Slept 4 1/2 hours and asked for breakfast - was brought right away. Circled a couple times and landed at Terminal 3 - off the plane quickly and transferred to T5 for flight to Brussels. Really think AA is doing great - hope it continues."
"On 1/18 flew from Omaha to DFW to New Orleans. Flight very uneventful. Even arrived in Dallas early and had to wait for another plane to pull out so we had a gate to pull up to. Made the connection to New Orleans easily and the flight was on time. On 1/25 flew from New Orleans to DFW to Omaha. Flight was on time until we boarded in Dallas and wait to wait nearly an hour so light bulbs on the wing could be replaced. Since I don't fly much I was satisfied that the flights for the most part were on time and uneventful."
"GRB to HNL via ORD and DFW. Five of 6 segments were on time or up to 30 minutes early. Ground and cabin staff were personable passed beverages 4 times on long-haul outbound but service was very lean on return (no coffee on a flight arriving at 5 am). Cabins clean seats adequately cushioned but a tight fit as expected. The entree salad I purchased was tasty and priced fairly. Entertainment is really inadequate on B767-300 with overhead video and no music channels at all on return. Unfortunately American Eagle is really a hot mess except for nice cabin staff. On final segment five schedule changes were sent to my phone in a 30 minute period-30 minute delay no just 5 minutes back to 30 minutes etc. The final message indicated just a 5 minute delay but after we boarded we sat on the plane for another 50 minutes while they located a new captain anyway. In my experience if you must use American Eagle shoot for the first flight of the day."
"JFK-DFW-GRU-JFK. First leg on a brand-new 737 seats were comfortable and flight attendants were friendly. They went above and beyond looking for an item that I lost during the flight checking the seat cushions and pockets and profusely apologizing when they couldn't find it. Next leg on the 777-300ER. Seats were once again comfortable although legroom was a bit tight but was not much of an issue since I had the entire row to myself. Recline was excellent although it was a little too much that when the person in front of me reclined there was very limited space. Flight attendants on this flight were once again very friendly and professional. Catering was excellent both quantity and quality. Return flight to JFK on a 777-300ER again. This time seated in Main Cabin Extra. Legroom and recline was great there were plenty of space to move around. Flight attendants and catering were once again excellent dinner was one of the best meals I had on a plane. Service on this flight was very attentive. So Kudos to AA! The only issue was the IFE had to be rebooted a couple of times other than that the system offers a lot of variety and options. Overall as a loyal United customer I was pretty impressed with AA! Service was warm and friendly and the 777-300ER product is reliable and comfortable."
"London (LHR) to Los Angeles (LAX) via Chicago (ORD) in First. Bag drop at LHR was easy. Flagship lounge a little antiseptic but welcoming enough. Boarding straightforward. Plane on the transatlantic section looked a little tired inside but the seat was enormous and very comfortable. Food and drinks very good and service outstanding. If I have a gripe it's that the IFE wasn't great and the TV of poor quality. Domestic leg was OK but I wouldn't expect the same class of treatment on such a flight."
"LHR-LAX flight in business class: new 777 aircraft. Excellent flight very attentive crew (best ever on AA) good IFE and WiFi which was a great treat - $19 for a 10 hr flight is not unreasonable but you would perhaps expect to be free of charge for First and Business Class travelers? SFO-ORD-LHR: flights in Main Cabin Extra. The usual 737 for the internal flight which was fine. Again attentive staff. The leg from ORD to LHR was on a very old and dated 767 which you really no longer would expect to exist in a company from a 1st world country? IFE broke down so everyone had to make do with their own entertainment options. Cabin crew were excellent again. I fell asleep as we took off and missed my meal when I woke up I was offered it within 10-15 minutes. I have had a fair few flights with American in the past to the US and because my partner has Executive Platinum status with them we always do tend to get upgrades to business class but have never thought much of the service so far. Clearly American is staff is making an effort! The quality of service has really improved."
"I flew from LHR-MIA in Business on one of their new 777-300. I cant fault this flight. The seats in Business have lots of space places for storage and good size IFE screens. IFE itself is also good. Food was of a good quality. Service was very good from the crew who were pleasant friendly and were happy to keep your drink topped up. If you're feeling peckish during the flight the galley is stocked with snacks where you can help yourself. Overall a very pleasant on time flight. In contrast I flew the return with BA on a very worn 747 business class cabin is badly designed and crew not very friendly at all. If you are doing this route definitely choose AA over BA miles better product!"
"LAX-SLC on 18 July 2014 SLC-RDU on 25 July 2014 RDU-JFK on 28 July 2014. Typical AA flights and lounges- pretty ordinary. Not a patch on Qantas or BA. Ground staff at RDU did not recognise or acknowledge an international RTW J class ticket - denied baggage allowance. Had to pay $25 to check 1 bag. Why don't AA enforce carry-on bag rules? Many passengers with 3 or more overweight bags. Would we recommend AA to family & friends? Probably as they are 'less bad' than the opposition."
"We travel by AA to New York every Christmas and always enjoy the journey. We travel economy class therefore no frills nevertheless it's good value the staff are kind and the food and drinks are perfectly acceptable. This year our return journey was postponed due to illness and I would like to say a huge \"thank you\" to AA for their efforts to get us back to the UK. Assistance was arranged at JFK and LHR without which we could not have managed. Excellent service and greatly appreciated."
"I have flown American Airlines over 60 times in 2014 without issue. I must say the customer service is much better than a couple of years ago and now with US Airways part of the family the ability to travel to about any destination you desire is there. I will continue to fly AA and with new planes new look and better customer service I will enjoy doing so."
"Give credit where credit is due-on the 16th of December I boarded AA193 in First seat 3E to connect in JFK to AA1416 to BDA also in First seat 3E. Due to a technical fault we had about an hour delay in BOS and I was concerned that I (and my fellow connecting passengers) would miss our connections. The captain did his best to make up time and after arriving at the gate (12) the lead flight attendant asked passengers not connecting to remain seated and let passengers with connections to disembark first. My BDA flight was at gate 40 and I made the fligh t- with moments to spare! Upon arriving in BDA was very surprised to see that my 2 bags had also made it. Thanks AA for a good team effort - and please put the dinner service back on that evening flight."
"Flew business SJU-JFK-LHR. SJU-JFK leg on old 757 with no individual video screens and pretty tired cabin. Food was virtually inedible. Admirals Club lounge at JFK OK but I resent having to pay for a packet of crisps when I've paid thousands for a ticket. JFK-LHR was much better: new 777 with really comfy flat bed and amazing noise cancelling headphones. Food was still awful (but food is generally dreadful in the USA anyway so to be expected. Flight slightly late but overall pretty good - particularly like the fact I wasn't woken up until 25 minutes before landing."
"Travelled Business Class on a 777 LHR-JFK. Very impressed indeed! Cabin spotless crew helpful. Seat wider than expected and quite private. Huge amount of space and loads of storage places too - even a large wardrobe. Power points convenient (UK and US plugs both fitted). Good noise cancelling headphones. Quiet. I was in 3A which is a mini-cabin just behind First Class - I would recommend it again. AA Business class is better than BA First Class Wifi: speeds of 3-7Mb which was commendable and only £9 approx. for the whole flight - very reasonable too considering the technology costs involved. Food: ok but not special. However snack bar had loads of nice nibbles."
"AUS-DFW-LGA. First leg on a MD-80 old aircraft but very well maintained. Plane was spotless and the seats were comfortable especially the very plush headrest. Legroom was sufficient and flight attendants managed to a conduct a beverage service on a full flight despite a flight time of only 39 minutes. Connection at DFW was seamless. Flight to LGA on a 737-800 had the seat next to me empty which provided a more comfortable flight. Flight attendants were very young which was surprising. They were friendly and cheerful which is a nice change. Refreshments and entertainment were basic and WiFi was extremely slow. Was disappointed that I shelled out money for a slow connection that only started to speed up during descent."
"ATL - DFW flight operated on A319 aircraft. I found this flight to be comfortable (I am 5\"4) and efficient. Despite the aircraft arriving 20 min later than scheduled boarding time in Atlanta flight was able to depart close to on time. Flight arrived DFW 10 min early. Cabin crew was pleasant but not overly friendly. All in all a good flight. Flight duration is only 2 hrs so not much time for entertainment and food. I would highly recommend AA domestic U.S. Flights operated on Airbus A319 aircraft vs. outdated and uncomfortable MD 80's."
"Flew from LAX to DFW DFW to Raleigh and Raleigh to LAX in August/Sept 2014. Was waiting for a bad experience based upon many reviews here but we were very happy to see all the flights were on time reasonable staff not too bad service and planes were in reasonable condition as well."
"I flew DFW-LHR-DFW on AA50 and AA51. Both sectors were on a 777-300er. This is an excellent aircraft. Very spacious quiet and comfortable. AA's business class is by far the best product across the Atlantic. (Make sure that you book on the 77W. If you don't you will get the inferior 777-200 and it really isn't as good as the 300er). The fact that there is only one seat for rows A and J means that you have two windows plenty of space and lots of privacy. The lie flat bed is comfortable and easy to operate. The IFE has plenty of movies TV shows and plenty to keep you entertained. The food is very good with good choices. The walk up kitchen is kept well stocked with many tasty things. You will not go hungry on this flight! The crews were great and of course the flight deck were professional and got us to our destination safely which is always a good thing! The on board wi-fi is fantastic but please don't be a bandwidth bore and use it for \"voice\" calls like the idiot across the aisle from me did all the way to London. He was so annoying I had to complain to the flight crew to get him to shut up. AA have a great product here if they drop the 777-300er on this route as I was told they were going to do it will be a mistake. I will not fly with them. I will have to find another carrier."
"FLL-DFW-LAX upgrade to First. I have to admit the 737-800's are ok but need a refresh. I flew the segment from FLL-DFW it was an upgrade. OK good service. Met service manager for AA sitting next to me. She could not have been nicer. Really pleasant flight. DFW-LAX on the new Airbuses 320-B really great for the length although the seats could recline a bit more considering it is a 3 hour flight and it is hub-hub for AA. Food was OK nothing to write home about but they will upgrade that so look forward to it. No pre-flight welcome drinks - big minus. The seats - great although all leather which is a set back for AA I tend to sweat a lot and I find fabric gives you a bit more breathing. Entertainment - better than British on international flights. Large screens great selections of movies TV this is where AA is getting their game above their competition but they need to keep going. Keep changing the selection more often and staying on top of it alla Emirates. Comparable to the best though. I fly a lot including ANA JL QF BA CX and AA is on par if not above in many. Soft product needs polishing food improvement and it will start being a world-class airline again."
"Multiple North American flights during month including ORD-AUS AUS-DFW DFW-PBI EWR-DFW DFW-YVR YVR-DFW DFW- PBI PBI-LAX. Traveling through the US and Canada during November found me on several AA flights most in first class with upgrades a few in economy. On balance the flights were ok nothing special no notable problems. Most flights were on or close to schedule service was generally better than expected. The biggest negative is AA's equipment on these routes. All B737 or MD Super 80 aircraft. Generally confining for mid-long haul domestic and the S80s are just so old it is a wonder that AA still uses them as much as they do - not a very passenger friendly aircraft."
"I flew with American Airlines on October 20th this year from Dublin to JFK with my husband and two sons 12 and 9. The staff onboard that day were excellent we had the back seats just beside the staff and each one of them could not have made our flight more comfortable. Being our first flight to America and travelling with our youngest son who has autism it was quite a worry but the staff made him and us very comfortable. We are travelling back to the states in 2015 and I will make sure it is with American Airlines."
"JFK to Orlando in First. Check-in staff very helpful to our party of 6 after arrival from London. Given access to Admirals Club because long-haul had been business class. Pleasant lounge but only stayed about 20 minutes. Priority boarding and seats comfortable for a medium-length domestic flight. Captain announced that he would delay take-off whilst 35 passengers from a delayed European flight made the transfer and took off when about half that number had boarded. But the real surprise was when the flight attendant came round and said that because of the timing (early afternoon) there was no catering on the flight. Thus a 3-hour flight with just several rounds of a basket containing nuts biscuits and crisps - not a first class offering. Other than that the whole experience was much better (with arrival only slightly delayed) than I had feared given some of the reviews on here."
"Paid for F Class JFK-MCO via MIA. AA's JFK Terminal is beautiful. Dedicated F class check in with arrogant staff agents should be mindful of vocal tones and questions. Premium Security line ended up not being during slow time of day as TSA putting 3 non premium bodies to 1 in the same scanner line even though another was available. I purchased a day pass for the Admirals Club as I was quite early for my flight. The JFK Lounge is very nice service was good staff were very kind especially the lady at reception. Purchased a Fruit and Cheese Plate and was surprised in a happy way. Flt to MIA in a 757 intl config. with angle lie flat 2X2 seated at the window. The seats are awkward to get in/out of when upright impossible to escape a window seat with another either sitting or laying down. I tried the angle lie flat position and lasted less than 30 min. in that position simply uncomfortable might as well stand in the galley. The Lay-z-boy option of recline is very nice. PDB was offered no restrictions. Nice looking IFE pity I was never offered headsets to use it. Cocktails with nuts in a bowl served after take off then dinner. AA seems to have downgraded the nut mix with less premium nuts in the mix. The dinner was the biggest shock. The Pre ordered Lasagne was vile and the salad pathetic. Club in Miami is ok with pleasant staff. MIA-MCO in 757 Dom. config. FA's awful on this leg. Airplane broke after we boarded no one seemed to have a clue what to do next. Gate agents and Admirals Club unable to contact ops via phone for updates. No words. Next plane boarded later than promised with no reason offered. Short Flt to MCO uneventful after 2 plus hour delay. There are some things to improve at AA but there is a lot right."
"LAX-Las Vegas (Return). Given its only a 40 minutes flight each way - not much can go wrong. The Flagship lounge at LAX was fine. Above expectations. Decent food and beverages. Spacious and quiet- and one I'd recommend. Flight both ways was on a brand new (you could \"smell\" it was brand new) on an A321 - a plane I'd not heard of - but apparently the \"new\" big brother to the A320. Great plane - in fact I'd say superb. Nice roomy first class that I'd be happy with on a 3-4 hour hour flight. Nice FAs. Plane both ways was rammed from end to end. Both flights left on time and landed ahead of schedule. What was noticeable was the gloomy faces on the return; assume this was down to losing to many dollars at the casinos - rather than the AA experience. All in all - a good experience."
"AA 262 B737 RSW to DFW 1st November 2014 good flight in First Class comfortable seat food surprisingly good for short flight no personal IFE seat not as good as US Airways A320."
"AA 50 DFW to LHR 777-300 1st November 2014. New Business class seating 3A beats BA's Club World product hands down IFE excellent Food OK - welcome drink in plastic cup. Overall would always look at AA's Business product if it was the new one over BA."
"We flew AA from Minneapolis to Chicago (ORD) to NY (LGA) - JFK to Paris (CDG) and MIA to MSP. After reading many bad reviews I though I would say that we had no bad experiences at all. we were given an exit row seat on our JFK-Paris flight. The food was normal airline food not great but I enjoyed the meals. I am 6 ft 2 and I had enough room on all my flights. The service was pleasant. The onboard entertainment was lacking on the 767 to Paris but I slept so it did not bother me."
"LHR-LAX. I bought the First Class fare to Las Vegas via LAX as it was quite good value for money and I knew I would be getting AAs new First Class product on the 777-300ER - it was certainly a better bet than BAs Club World on an ageing 747 - the only alternative. I avoided the AA Flagship lounge at LHR T3 as I had read so many bad reviews. The BA alternative was okay. The plane was brand new and the new seat was fine. There are only 8 seats in the AA 1st Class on this plane. Nothing spectacular. It was roomy good TV good seat controls and a neat feature was the rotation to face out of the window. Food was well just okay. Nothing very stylish. A trout timbale to start. A nice spicey butternut squash soup came next. Boring salad - seen better in M&S. Chicken main was - well okay. Had better in my local pub. FAs were friendly and called passengers by name. For the money it was acceptable. Certainly not worth $10-12000+ return which is often the regular list price to LAX. It lacks the \"class\" wow factor which should be obvious when you fly in first."
"Used American on four flights SFO-LAX-MCO and TPA-MIA-LAX a mix of 738-800s 757 & A321. Despite losing a bag and a 2hr delay which where handled very well all flights were fine with nice crew seating and PTV on the A321. They don't serve food in economy on internal flights and I realise they are not SQ or CX but for the price I paid they are fine. I was able to use the lounge and book MCE seats because of my Oneworld status which made a little difference. My only complaint is compared to other Oneworld alliance members there lounges are miles away from either BA or CX."
"First time I flew American (I usually fly Delta) and I must say that overall I was impressed with the airline. On the way to NYC we departed on time and even got there 30 min early (never has happened to me before). The staff were helpful and the efficiency of the service was a huge plus to me. On the way back to Detroit we did board a bit late and sit on the runway for a while but again was a quick flight and really not much that I can complain about. Would recommend American Airlines."
"LAX to ORD via St. Louis one way in first. Both flights on time. Food was very good. Staff was very professional. All in all a very nice experience. Not much entertainment wise but these flights are not that long."
"October 9 2014 AA 137 DFW to HKG. Flight departed Dallas pretty much on time. Once airborne hot paper towels were distributed following by drink service. Complimentary beers and wine. Shortly after drink service lunch was served followed by another round of drink service. Special vegetarian meal was provided. Meal consisted of rice and chick peas curry with a side salad with olive oil dressing and two pieces of melon as desert. Tiny quantity but tasted decent and edible. About 7 or 8 hours into the flight a mid flight snack was served with drinks. Three pieces of vegetarian wraps and a fruit salad was served. Less than two hours before landing in Hong Kong another meal was served. This time the meal was a cold pasta salad with two pieces of cantaloupe melon. Flight was about a little over 16 hours. Seats in Main Cabin Extra were fairly comfortable. Flight crew was professional but lack the grace of Asian carriers flight crew. No other amenities were provided like other Asian carriers such as toothbrush socks eye masks etc. However a refreshments self service counter was set up in the galley and juices and water were available through out the flight. IFE was surprisingly good with many new movies and TV shows available on demand. No flight deck announcement but flight crew provided information in English Cantonese and Mandarin. All in all a satisfactory flight with inexpensive fare compared to Cathay Pacific or Singapore Airlines but nothing special. Flight crew did not attempt to make passengers feel particularly welcome nor rude to passengers. Better than expected."
"Round-trip Toronto to Dallas Sep 29 - 30. New A319 on both segments - aircraft clean and shiny. Paid for premium seat and well worth the $80 for the round trip. Lots of leg room exit row on return segment. AVOD and AC power available to all seats. Perhaps it's the new hardware making everyone happier - cabin crew was polite and friendly on both legs in contrast to several other AA flights in recent years."
"JFK-LAX First class. Good but not overwhelming as it should be. Seat on A321 is good but has some problems very hard to get out or in while even partly reclined. Food was mediocre in quality although presented nicely. Flight crew was wonderful but honestly the whole experience is either over priced or under done. Jet Blue Mint on my outbound was much better."
"AA #202 LAX/BOS in First Class Sept 28. On time both ends old first class. Crew worked very hard with drinks Samsung tablets and then lunch. Seemed a bit hectic but the galley space is close to seating. Tablets require a lot of the crew but are fine to use with good selection easy controls and good definition. Lunch was respectable and crew remained available throughout the flight for drink refills and distribution of snack before landing. A good experience with obvious efforts made to live up to advertised quality."
"Travelled for work to Santa Fe from Washington Dulles via Dallas Fort Worth. All the planes were on time and clean. No entertainment offered in MD80 old planes they should retire them. Everything on sale including headphones for $5 and you can take home after use. My company paid $1100 for this economy class ticket which is probably worth $300. Staff was all very friendly and offered whatever they can so acceptable behaviour there."
"AA104 JFK-LHR 20 Sept - Long queues at \"Priority\" Check-in at Kennedy thirty minute wait as agents struggled to help passengers from strike-bound Air France. TSA security a shambles (not the airlines fault). Admiral's Club a little crowded but a haven. Greeted by smilingly efficient desk staff. Bartender knew the drill two stiff Grey Goose and Tonics swiftly dispensed (but cheap and nasty plastic glasses?) Boarding was smooth and quick cabin crew a tad overwhelmed trying to stow overhead bins on this full to bursting flight. Main Cabin Extra (19D) seat would be well worth the small surcharge but complimentary to Ruby and above frequent flyers anyway. Great IFE OK food dished out promptly after take-off. Croissant juice and coffee before early Heathrow arrival. Bags already delivered by the time I got to the belt. From being the third world poor relation of the Oneworld Alliance American seem to be vastly improved; new aircraft and good service at an excellent price. My next transatlantic trip with them (to Chicago in November) is on a 767 with a retro 25 year old cabin fit though - watch this space."
"AA101 LHR/JFK 10Sept. Efficient and friendly One World priority check-in. Comfortable Admiral's Club - breakfast baked goods decent coffee. Smooth boarding onto fresh-from-the-factory Boeing 777. 19D in Main Cabin Extra - more legroom 9 abreast config (10 across in the main cabin). On-time departure. Excellent communication from flight- deck. Top class entertainment (but take your own headphones) IFE can be viewed from gate to gate. Good cabin service - food and drink could be better. Complimentary beer and foul wine on offer. Half an hour ahead of schedule at New York. Plenty of agents staffing passport control. Prompt baggage delivery. Good flight at bargain basement fare - well done!"
"Flights r/t SFO-JFK in the new A321 in C SFO-JFK and F on the return. First the F flight was simply the best domestic flight I have experienced in at least a decade. The new F seat is essentially the same as CX uses for long haul business a lie flat seat which is entirely private. The IFE screen is huge and the selection of movies is vast. Service was superb and attentive. The food was the best domestic food I have had for a decade (of course nothing will bring back the old days of caviar and meat carved on a trolley from the old days). The outbound C experience was excellent. Seat very comfortable and spacious. Service was good and meal acceptable. Should add it is a pleasure to fly on a brand new aircraft."
"Flew this week Austin to Boston via DFW. Coach on the way up First on the return. Always impressed with the AUS- DFW flights even in coach they still serve the always full 124 pax a beverage on a 35 minute flight. MD-80 to DFW Main Cabin Extra as always comfortable and once again beverage service. B738 in Main Cabin Extra to Boston seats were fine the plane was clean the coach flight attendants on this route were somewhat disinterested. Only one beverage service and offer for food on a 4 hour flight. B757 with old interior on return. Didn't know any plans with these seats still existed. I did forget how large the seats are. Old seats but still comfortable. The two First Class flight attendants on this 4 hour leg were fantastic. Excellent service good red wine with dinner and a (4) course meal including a smoked salmon appetizer. Great food great service as always. Terminal C Admirals Club was a nice rest spot for our 90 minute lay over. MD-80 in First on the short 32 minute trip to Austin. Still a nice drink in their new glassware with Malano cookies out of the snack basket. AA still excels any other domestic carrier with regards to food offerings and beverage service especially in coach."
"AA #2251 BOS/DFW on 9/8/2014 in first class. Flight left and landed on time. Seats comfortable though not the new lie flat. No seat AVOD. But the service the lunch were fine. Lots of refills for drinks updates from the flight deck. Connecting at DFW to Qantas to Sydney and transfer of luggage at DFW successful. A happy experience all in all."
"Miami - Los Angeles. Booked the tickets in advance so the cost of travelling first class for a near 6 hour trip was good value against the price charged for economy. Check in quick and we boarded on time with no delays. The crew were excellent attentive without being intrusive used our names when asking what we would like to drink and all made us all feel welcome on board. The food was very palatable. IFE was limited to drop down screens as the aircraft whilst scheduled to be one of the newer A321s in two class configuration was swapped out for an older 737 still wearing the old AA livery hence the 2 stars for IFE. Overall a very positive experience with AA on this flight."
"Great flight from JFK back to LA. Great service that was friendly and professional. The new airbus was polished and the cabin smart. I actually got four hours sleep on the new flatbed. Pre drinks meal service and the cookie and milk prior to landing was super nice and very much felt like service on there international routes when AA is on point. I have had nightmare crew on international flights like many reviewers have mentioned but AA really has made a substantial effort to compete on the NYC/LA route. Will fly them again and maybe try there first class product."
"Flew with AA on our internal flights in Economy Plus due to one of our team being Gold with Qantas. That little extra leg room makes the difference. They were all short flights of no more than 2 hours so not getting feed was not an issue. Check in was good and service was friendly. We had a 2 hour delay in Miami due to a fuel delivery issue that was affecting most of the airport not just our flight. They keep us well informed. We had to terminate one of our through flights in Chicago on our way to St Louis due to one of our team becoming ill. We went straight to check-in to advise them that we would not be continuing our flight to St Louis and they were unable to stop our bags from going to St Louis. But they did everything they could to return our bags to us. They put them on the first flight back to Chicago and delivered them to our hotel later than night. Great service. Overall great flights and friendly service and excellent at returning our bags."
"LHR-MIA-GRU and GRU-JFK. Very quiet plane and cheery crew London to Miami Miami to Sao Paulo delayed about 90 minutes and crew a bit more grumpy. But they were sunny by comparison with the miserable team who took us up from GRU to JFK - good job there was superb IFE on a brand new plane (with disco lighting) to make up for it. I don't the cardigans and ties at half-mast helped. Having said that the AA/Oneworld staff at JFK did a great job in helping me transfer in about 30 minutes in order to catch a BA flight back to LHR."
"SEA-DFW-MIA-MVD both ways flights. I had low expectations based on previous trips on this route with this airline. Even when the 767 airplanes they are using on the MIA-MVD route are old beaten down and the business class seating is at the minimum acceptable level the price matches what one can consider a \"budget trip\". However I could smell unpleasant odors from the bathrooms both ways from MVD while seating on row 3 in business class. This may not be acceptable to any business class passenger I must say. Also I verified that bathrooms were not cleaned by the staff. Perhaps some disinfecting towels would do passengers can clean the bathrooms by themselves and help with the smell. Anything but making your stomach revolt when having your dinner or breakfast in business class. I sincerely hope that American Airlines replace their aircraft on the MIA-MVD route as soon as possible with more suitable modern aircraft."
"AA51 LHR - DFW in new 773. American have hit the bullseye! Excellent service and food from the crew. AVOD system has more movies than you can look at! The seat is extremely comfortable. Inflight bar area is a nice place to stretch and have a chat. Definitely look to fly on this plane again."
"DFW-ABQ on Aug. 8 and return ABQ-DFW on Aug 15 both legs in First (due to upgrade) on an MD80. Flights nothing special but OK given the limitations on US domestic flights - obviously older planes but comfortable and cabins looked fresher than expected so obviously well maintained/renovated. Catering in First for both 100 minute flights during meal hours was a pack of pretzels and full bar service. White wine on the evening flight to ABQ was warm Chardonnay. FA's were friendly and efficient on the on the flight to ABQ and rather uninterested on the flight back to DFW. Delay of 45 minutes on the flight to ABQ but AA maintained that the flight will be on time until 15 minutes before the designated departure time although a delay was obvious as there was no plane at the gate so slightly irritating bad communication. Return flight eventless and on time. So nothing special but no major problems either. All in all a very average experience."
"GRU-JFK and JFK-LHR: American Main Cabin Extra. Exit seat on both flights. Excellent price brand new planes. Greatly improved service food improved. There are better airlines for premium service nicer food but if you can make Platinum (50000 miles a year) then this is for me unbeatable. Free Main Cabin Extra Lounge Access double miles punctual flights on new planes."
"This is a general review of American Airlines. Since 2000 I have flown with AA more than any other airline racking up nearly 1 million miles most in Economy some in Economy Plus and some in First Class. Maybe it's because I have so much experience that little things and small delays do not phase me but I have rarely had a problem so bad that I felt the need to contact AA customer service and I've never written a negative review. Yes it would be nice to get a snack with your beverage like Delta gives but I can bring my own package of cookies or peanuts if I want. And yes the MD-80 aircraft does not have inflight entertainment but they've had powerports on MD80s for a long time and then I've got a fully-charged laptop and smart phone to entertain me. Yes I've run into weather delays in Chicago during the winter which is why I connect through Dallas whenever possible. Yes it would be nice if they would upgrade some of their gate areas with more power plugs and offer their gate agents some sort of incentives to be a little nicer with regular passengers and not just us elite passengers. And yes sometimes they want more money for the same route as a competitor and those are the times I book with another carrier. But throughout my near-million miles and 14 years flying AA I still recommend the airline to my friends and family to get them anywhere in the world they need to go safely on time and for a reasonable cost."
"JFK-MXP-JFK. Both flights departed a few minutes early and arrived on time. Aircraft was an 'updated' 767-300ER with the new Biz Class and Main Cabin Extra where we were seated. Had the bulkhead seat both ways in this mini MCE cabin of 2 rows which made a difference. Service was ok food below average from JFK but much better from Milan. The only real downer is the lack of personal IFE or streaming IFE on this plane only main screen entertainment was available. Were lucky though to have a professional friendly and warm flight attendant from Milan."
"ORD-MIA-GRU in Economy on July 28. Daylight flight from Miami to Sao Paulo - delayed 4 hours and that is where American failed its passengers. They boarded us and at the departure time they asked us to de-board as the plane has mechanical issues. Ok - fine. They say there is a plane at a gate that will take us to SP and they just need to service the plane. That was a lie - all the passengers got to the gate (and we had been told to take our pillows and blankets as the new plane wouldn't have them) and there was no plane. We sat around for 3 hours before a plane showed up from the hanger where 4 AA 777s sat the whole time. Finally board and take off - 8 hour flight and flight attendants were friendly. Seat comfort is awful - no leg room due to entertainment box at the window. Seat cushion is non-existent so luckly the extra pillow helped (we got on the plane and blankets and pillows were already there). Upon landing in Sao Paulo at 12:10am (4 hours late) we finally got an apology from the flight deck - until then they didn't say a thing about the delay. Come on American - have some respect for the people who pay your bills. I did get an email when I landed with an apology and 5000 AA miles - ok - that's nice. But I felt sorry for the many passengers who missed connecting flights at 12.10am there are no more flights until morning. I had a 2.5 hour drive to Santos and didn't get to my hotel until 3am. When AA does it well - its great. When they fail - its really bad."
"July 31 - CWB-POA-MIA-ORD. 767-300 from CWB to Miami in Business Class. Flight boarded and crew had just come in from Miami. They were awful - no one said hello or offered a drink until just before we departed 45 minutes late to Porto Alegre. I understand they are tired - AA needs to change crew at Curitiba and have a fresh crew all the way to MIA. Landed 30 min behind schedule at POA - had to exit the plane and they gave us new boarding passes and just waited in the gate area for boarding. Little cafe had snacks and flight was packed (in coach - 1/2 full in Biz) so gate area was busy. POA-MIA - excellent service! Flight attendants were so friendly and accommodating. Greeted you by name - were always in the cabin even though the flight leaves POA at 12:05am - with water and snacks. Slept well and had a quick breakfast before landing in Miami. Aborted landing due to some warning light in the cockpit but did a fly around and landed safely. A really nice flight once we got the new crew at POA. This is the type of service that makes AA stand out."
"On my MIA-LHR leg I flew the 777-200 which is an awful configuration 2-3-2. What a lovely surprise on the way back to fly a 777-300 with a great configuration of 1-2-1. I was by the window great. Upgraded seat and a great crew to complement it. Wish AA would get rid of the 2-3-2 configuration in business - pathetic."
"We flew from LHR-JFK with AA101 in economy I also had low expectations about reading several reviews here on the website. Strangely enough it was a nice and overall experience with AA. B777-300 the cabin looks fresh and airy. The stewards and stewardesses ages were no lower than 50 years but the steward on duty on my aisle was very friendly. Food was ok we had a choice between chicken or pasta (no menu distributed) and an hour before arrival they distributed hot pizza and in between several rounds of drinks. Flight departed on time and arrived in JFK almost right on time. Overall experience was better than expected and I'll fly them again!"
"JFK-LAX return in F on the new A321 transcon product. American has really upped their game here. The hard product is outstanding in terms of privacy comfort and durability. Feels very exclusive and closer to the luxury that Asian and some European carriers are offering in long haul configurations. Outbound check-in was prompt although not very helpful with navigating the chaos that was security at JFK T8. Onboard service was exceedingly professional albeit not intrusive but that's the way I like it. Purser kept a watchful eye on the 10 pax in the cabin and was very prompt with drink refills or any other needs. Food was above expectations and in fact quite tasty. Could have a better champagne for first class (it is in fact not a real champagne but a domestic sparkling wine) but that's a first world problem of course. Pillow and blanket provided were of good quality could use a mattress pad for overnight flights. On the return check in at LAX Flagship was quick and friendly brought to the front of the security line which was nice. Can't comment on onboard service on the return because once we hit 10000 feet I put the seat into bed mode and slept a complete four and a half hours of solid sleep waking just before descent. This is a first for me in over 25 years of travel. For that reason alone I fully commend this product. It's a game changer for the NY-LA market."
"We had a really good flight with a very nice and obliging crew! Food was very good also the entertainment program and the seats. We will always fly with AA again!"
"Flight AA1018 DUS-LHR on 5/6/2014 onboard N936NN (B738). Flight was on time and smooth. Food and drinks to buy. Crew were typically American and not that friendly. Legroom was adequate but no more."
"LHR-JFK. I had low expectations due to reviews posted here. I was therefore happy to discover that the plane was new (and/or very clean) seats were comfortable flight attendants warm and friendly. The flight was full and the flight attendants graciously offered passengers the option to spread out so that we can be comfortable. Meals were hot and nicely prepared. IFE was varied and up to date WiFi available on board but not free. The pilot was very pleasant in his announcements that I didn't mind the delay in landing/parking due to the rains in NY. It seems AA is starting to up its game starting with international flights. Will most probably fly AA again in the future."
"From LA to Chicago on 22nd June on American Airlines. Perfect service from staff at the airport to FA's on the plane. I have read a lot of bad reviews on this website but can only say my husband and I found our flight more than we expected. Our luggage was delayed for about an hour but this was I believe only due to two planes arriving at the same time."
"LHR-MIA-LHR. It is some time since I have flown AA transatlantic after many years of having previously done so when both the hard and soft products were truly appalling. This choice came about as a result of the fare being two-thirds of the next best so difficult to ignore. Both sectors were by B77W equipment with the new Business Class configuration. This is a vast improvement. The cabin crew actually seemed to enjoy being there (almost) although the sole male cabin crew member in Business on the return flight was extremely obnoxious. Food was ok- ish and whilst I had chosen my entrees on-line for both sectors there was no record on board of any of my selections. The cabin crew told me that this on-line facility was a complete waste of time as it never worked. Overall AA was better than my recollection of many years before but hard product apart it continues to be still a long way behind the alternatives."
"Flew from LAX to JFK on AA292 in First Class 14th July. A very good experience on a brand new plane an A321. The seat makes the flight as it converts to a fully lie flat bed and I was able to get a few hours of sleep after having a nice hot breakfast. Good inflight entertainment amenity kit and a great cabin crew who seemed happy to be there. Well done AA!"
"ORD-SEA first class. Standard first class seats. Nothing special but comfortable. Lunch was surprisingly good. Glad we pre-selected the beef dish. Decent selection of beer and wine. Still don't like the fact that buying a domestic first class ticket doesn't get us into the airline's airline's club but this is standard at least among U.S. airlines."
"HKG-DFW. Check-in: no online check-in for some reason had to do it at the airport. Good no problem. Boarding: for all US-bound flights they had to search all our hand-carry bags for water/liquids and they do it in the middle of the bridge where the air isn't moving very well and warm. I don't understand why can't they do it right before scanning the boarding pass. The bridge area is small not a smart idea at all. I feel bad for those in a long line for the economy class. In-flight: Food/meals are very good no complaints there. The seat is excellent with lie-flat bed and big screen monitor. One problem there were several movies/TV shows that are shown available but couldn't get to it. Other than that slept well and services were fine."
"Just flew on Sunday 7/13 on AA's new 777-300 International configuration in business class. I have to say that it was the very first time I have felt that a US carrier competed effectively with front rank international carriers. The seat was excellent. The overall quality of the seat was superior given the amenities screen etc. Just the slightest bit less comfortable than BA's flat seat but not a huge different. The overall seat was superior to anyone else's business class I have been on. The food and beverage service was excellent. Appetizing decent portions well served and proper temperature. Inflight entertainment options are excellent. Beats the angled \"lie flat\" seat on the 767's and older triple 7's. You got it right this time. Even the crew was not as grouchy as AA flight crews have become. Actually I was very pleased."
"Just flew 4 domestic sectors LAX-DFW-OMA and DSM-DFW-LAX. Ex LAX boarded on time but then due to weather in DFW were delayed for roughly 2 hours. Informed of delay by Captain and given updates. Once underway beverage service given inflight video shown. Overnight in DFW then to OMA next day. Flight delayed due to mechanical issues. Passengers allowed off plane after first hour cabin crew offered juice and water then granola bars. Flight cancelled after 4 hours. $12 refreshment vouchers given. Replacement aircraft and eventually got away about 5.5 hours late. Whilst this was an inconvenience I believe the staff acted properly keeping passengers informed and making alternate arrangements. Return flight I requested baggage to be checked through to SYD which took some time to organise due to booking problems caused by the earlier delay when I had been taken off the delayed flights but then reinstated. Only complaint was during this time our pre-assigned seats were given away and we were given seats at the back of the aircraft without the additional leg room. All things considered I was happier to have bags checked through and less legroom. I have been critical of AA in the past but thus trip they receive full marks."
"ORD-JFK/LGA-ORD - July 2-5. I keep seeing a huge increase in great attitudes from flight attendants on AA flights. Very personable and fun on both flights. Departed ORD on-time and landed at JFK early - but taxied around JFK for 30 minutes before getting to our gate. Dinner served was pre-ordered on aa.com and the chicken was very tasty. Return to ORD from LGA - plane was only 60% full and the three flight attendants (DCA-based) were having a great time with everyone. Lots of talking laughing with passengers and very personable. Good dinner served and landed 40 minutes early into ORD. I see a lot of negative reports for AA but I wonder if people are just expecting too much or are exaggerating their issues. Keep up the good work AA!"
"I was on a round trip Miami to Buenos Aires in business class. I read reviews about the service and aircraft (767-300) being substandard. However I found the seats to be reasonably comfortable and the service by the Buenos Aires based crew was very nice."
"Narita - LAX June 25 First Class. A totally acceptable experience except for boarding and off loading. See my previous review for service comments. Boarding for a First class really needs an upgrade first class passengers deserve more. LAX arrival was unacceptable. Remote gate (ok that happens) but first class passengers were herded onto a packed bus for the ride to terminal. Come on not even a special bus for first and business pax? Not a way to get or keep premium passengers."
"LHR-MIA 11 June 777-300ER in Main Cabin Extra. I read a lot of complaints about American but it is an American airline serving American tastes. It has no desire to compete with the significantly better Asian and Mid East airlines and it would seem quite happy with its 3-star rating. So don't expect too much! Main cabin extra is excellent and as my husband is a permanent gold card holder we were able to select these at no extra cost. The seats are wider and very comfortable. The extra legroom is a bonus. Everything else is as in economy. The IFE on the -300 is very swish with a large screen and huge content a marked improvement over the -200 and the 767. I've always found that if you are nice to the staff they are nice in return and this was the case on this flight. The service was prompt and efficient the food acceptable and staff were present throughout the flight. Take off and landing were about on time. Be nice keep your expectations reasonable and its ok."
"MIA-LHR 16 June 777-200. Used miles to upgrade from economy. Call centre staff very helpful with this. Our flight didn't have enough upgrades available for both of us but she checked the next flight and found two. We paid a small extra charge to change flights in addition to the usual miles and co-pay but well worth it. We were originally returning on the -300 so a bit disappointed. The 2-3-2 configuration is now old hat as are the seats. American made a big mistake not going for fully flat bed seats when they bought the -200 and the angle flat seats are very out of date. Having said that they were very comfortable with huge legroom. The angle is not as bad as some I've been on though and I managed several hours sleep overnight. Lots of space and a bit of room for your bits and pieces. Service was rushed on takeoff which I assume was because the flight left at 21.20 and they wanted to allow everyone to sleep as soon as possible. Lights were out before we asked for coffee and cognac but staff willing to continue serving us as long as were wanted. Staff were visible all night as far as I could see. Be nice to the staff and they will usually be nice to you. Almost always works as it did on this flight. Food was only average certainly not what I expect for business class - grossly overcooked steak destroyed broccoli thing and something else I couldn't identify. Breakfast was a lovely omelette but it came with another grossly overcooked and dry bit of steak. It was all well presented and served however with good crockery flatware and glass wine glasses. Interesting that they did trolley service rather than tray service I have previously had on American. IFE on the -200 is dated with a reasonable screen size but limited selection of movies. It broke down at the beginning of the flight and it took a very long reboot to get it going. Certainly not up to the standard on the -300. Bose noise-reducing headphones a great idea but they are collected an hour before landing. The map feature showing flight progress etc didn't work for the entire flight. American is not trying to be one of the significantly better Asian or Mid East airlines so don't expect it to be. Keep expectations reasonable and you will likely enjoy the flight. I did."
"LAX-LHR. Business check-in at American's terminal at LAX is a joke. 1 person to check in everyone while 2 customer service agents hang around telling us 'they're going as fast as they can'. Security was in a tiny airless room - I couldn't quite believe this was the entrance to the terminal. Once through we passed the main spacious security check-in - it was closed. At the Admirals Club things started to look up: it's large with friendly bartenders and table service for drinks. Surprised to be restricted to 2 drinks coupons though. I'm guessing it's because there are domestic passengers in the lounge too. The plane was at a remote stand so we had to take a bus out to it - this surprises me as you would have thought that LAX-LHR was a premium route and American would want to encourage passengers. On board the cabin in business class on the 777-300 is exceptional - probably best across the Atlantic. Huge seats comfy flat bed great IFE plenty of drinks and ok food. Cabin crew friendly enough. Easy to sleep on this plane. There was a delay due to a sick passenger on the incoming flight and then a minor maintenance issue - all the movies were on so we drank and watched films. Breakfast was plentiful and really fresh. Sorry to get off at LHR!"
"We booked a quick weekend round trip from MIA to ORD and the trip went very well! We had requested wheelchair service both ways and they were on time and very professional. From the counter staff to the flight crew Thank you for your professionalism and courtesy."
"Flew ORD-MIA on April 20th. The overall experience was very average. We flew American with miles and because United's flights to South Florida are infrequent and poorly timed and AA has a lot more options. All crew that I encountered didn't seem like they cared. The flight arrived on time and bags were waiting that the carousel. The aircraft flown was a 737-800 and the seats were surprisingly comfortable. Wifi was very good and it was only 7 or 8 dollars. The north terminal at Miami is very long and if you are making a connection allot extra time."
"JFK-LHR-JFK on BA return on code share AA flight on a new 777-300 so opportunity to compare the two airlines. The seats on AA far more comfortable than on BA greater privacy with 1-2-1 configuration free access without having to step over the neighboring passenger plus all seats facing forward something I never liked on BA set up with window seats facing backward. Inflight entertainment beats BA in every respect screens double the size appeared to be HD greater choice of movies. Food was delicious well presented good choice of wines. Ice cream sundae elevated the meal to a guilty decadence. Overall great experience and highly recommended."
"May 30 - AA90 daytime flight ORD-LHR. 767-300. Boarding delayed as 15 min before scheduled departure the plane was just coming to the gate. Gate agents were horrible - that is the only part of the trip that was bad. Flight boarded quickly and pilot apologized for the delay. Flight attendants in economy were really great - friendly and prompt to respond to requests. Breakfast was french toast and there was a lot of food provided - I was surprised as usually breakfasts on AA Int'l are small. 2 movies shown on the overhead monitors - this is where AA fails without excuse. These planes need AVOD in each seat - end of story - period. But the service made up for it. Left Chicago 45 min late - arrived London 15 min late. Bags were already there when we got out of immigration. Good flight and service. The Purser was amazing also - helping out in both cabins and very friendly."
"Business Class trip Tokyo to Dallas. Attendants were rude! It was 45 minutes after take off before we were given audio headsets and 45 minutes before landing they gathered them up. My husband's didn't work and it was a chore to get a replacement pair. We felt like we were intruding on their day! Beverage service was a joke. This was a 12 hour flight and we were given beverages 4 times. We flew first class on various Asian airlines and the service was excellent. I will not fly American again!"
"LHR-DFW-SNA and return-first leg B773 very comfortable and on time AA gave us an unexpected and unasked for complimentary upgrade to MCE (very much appreciated). FA's were excellent second leg B738 was delayed by 2 hrs by storms at DFW scattering aircraft and crews everywhere AA performed miracles getting crews together. Return was on new B738 no complaints whatsoever everything to schedule however DFW-LHR on B772 was delayed approx 70 mins due to passengers trying to stow \"hand luggage\" larger than our hold luggage but again flight crew must've put the pedal to the metal as only arrived 15 mins late. Did not as one of life's great sleepers use the IFE on any legs and do not have any great expectations on airline food so wasn't disappointed."
"LHR-LAX. After reading about the new business class cabin on American's 777-300 we decided to book our trip with them. We made a great choice. At Heathrow there is a separate 'flagship check in' outside the main terminal which was quick calm and very quiet. The Admiral's Club at LHR is disappointing - more like a cafe/canteen with strip lighting. Anyway once on board the cabin was great - the seats are a winner with a real feeling of privacy the screen is huge and there's a big choice of films and the food was good. Crew warmed up after a while and responded well to all requests. The walk-up bar had loads of snacks and was topped up throughout. Flight was on time. Remote stand a bit of pain but I understand this is due to construction. Definitely recommend."
"I flew from JFK to LHR with my family on 9th May. I was very pleased with the flight experience. I value a good entertainment system more which this Boeing 777 had with personal power outlet than the quality of food. There are restaurants at JFK that offer various choices. The irplane is not a restaurant. Food is a + but my values are on the seat comfort more. Seats were comfortable. Service was very efficient and fast. I also liked the dimmed cabin. Only bad thing was that the AC fan was on a quite heavy mode. Crew were mostly very friendly."
"April 24th from MSP-DFW-SAN. No major complaints in-flight arrived close to on time. I was concerned when I was unable to check in online so I emailed customer service and they apologized for the issues they were having with the American/US Airways merger. It was all good as I was able to check us in and print our boarding passes at the airport kiosk (even though the message when I tried to check in online said \"see agent at airport\"). All in all a fine experience. My next flight will be on Spirit Airlines so wish me luck."
"CDG-ORD-BWI operated on a Boeing 767-300 and an Embraer 145. I have Gold status on AA so I was able to obtain a Main Cabin Extra seat on the first flight free of charge and an exit-row seat on the second flight. The ground experience at CDG was okay and they were pretty well organized. The first flight took off on-time although we had to board by bus (something that probably irritates every passenger). Cabin crew were okay and there was no IFE which I knew to expect even though practically every other carrier has it by now. The connection at ORD was amazingly painless and security was a breeze. The Eagle flight was delayed due to a late inbound aircraft but we landed a mere 30 minutes behind schedule and my checked bag was waiting for me on the carousel just 10 minutes or so after landing. All in all fairly satisfied."
"MEX-DFW-YUL Business Class. We were lucky enough to get a discounted fare so that Business Class was a bit cheaper than the economy class fares available. On the MEX-DFW leg plane was an old and a bit worn out MD80. Good flight with a really kind and helpful flight assistant who spoke a perfect Spanish. I don't fly AA often but I must admit that I've always found nice and smiling staff both in business and economy class. Good to know that if you have an international connection via DFW you no longer need to retrieve and recheck your baggage to your final destination. We went through immigration very fast and headed for the Admiral's Club which is really disappointing: no snacks except for cookies only 1 alcoholic drink per person unfriendly staff. On the bright side wifi was good and the view on the tarmac was excellent. The DFW-YUL leg was on a newer 737 and it was an uneventful flight with a good lunch but a very poor selection of drinks. Nice staff."
"Flew MIA-BCN business class. I am a long user of AA but always inside the US or from Venezuela to US. This is the first time I took AA to Europe usually when going to Spain I use Iberia. I had very low expectations but must say I was impressed. This flight was on the o767 the cabin in business is the \"old business class\" with seats that do not lie flat but I must say that it was comfortable enough to take a 4 hour sleep. Amenities kit nice and pretty. No private screen but a Samsung tablet was provided not a huge a mount of options but it was more than Ok. The biggest surprise? Food was excellent and in amounts that I have never seen before in other Business class. Plenty of bubbly. Service extraordinary FA's smiling and helpful."
"AA flight 1612 from Phoenix to Dallas/Fort Worth was great. Plane was only 1 year old flight servers were fantastic and funny excellent beverage service and communication from captain to passengers polite timely and sincere. Really liked the comfort of the plane extra leg room soft comfortable seats and inscreen TV monitor."
"Flew DFW to FRA on 777. Crew was very helpful. Nice entertainment. Good food! This is one of the best airlines in the US."
"LGA-PBI April 19th 2014 was overall great. Flight was on time and we even landed early. The crew of flight attendants and pilots were nothing great flight attendants didn't give much personal attention to the passengers it seemed. We were seated in Main Cabin Extra in the front row (8A8B8C). Main Cabin Extra is supposed to have 6 inches of extra legroom since we were seated in the front with the bulkhead in front of us which is really just a wall for those of you who don't know it did not feel like we had 6 inches of legroom and it felt very cramped through the whole area. If you are about to pay extra money for main cabin extra avoid the first rows which is row 8. I'm not sure about 8D 8E 8F but I assume it's the same. Also the tray tables are considerably smaller because they are stowed in the arm rest. But they are kind of cool to an airline enthusiast like myself because it feels like a first class seat. We did not have to pay for Main Cabin Extra because my family had Gold member free Main Cabin Extra so for us it didn't matter but if you have to pay for MCE I would sit any row behind 8. All in all great flight and I love American they will always be my #1 airline to fly and I would still recommend flying them just not in row 8 MCE."
"Several flights over the last month LA to Santa Fe Sioux a City Chicago Denver Las Vegas Lax Honolulu. All flights on time had preferred seating on all flights where available and could notice difference. Crew reasonably friendly although best crew LAX-HNL. Negative definitely good for purchase LAX-HNL Cheese and fruit not worth the money Turkey and & Chutney sandwich bread very dry and stale. Again not worth the money. American take a lesson from many International airlines and what they offer Economy passengers in a 5 hour sector. Would still recommend as a US Domestic carrier."
"GRU-DFW in new 773. What a great and enjoyable flight. New plane comfortable seats excellent food huge movie selection and a wonderful crew. If this is the \"new\" American they have got it right!"
"NYC/JFK to BUE/EZE. Flights AA953/09Apr and AA954/14Apr. Both flights departed on time and both arrived early operated with B777-200 equipment. Check in procedures at both airports efficient and quick with smiles. Seat width adequate seat pitch could use an additional inch but seat cushion comfort rock hard and unacceptable! I saw nothing international about their heralded international flagship service. The dinners served in both directions were big on flavor/taste but small in serving size. The salad ex/NYC had seen better days but the salad ex/BUE was crisp excellent and fresh. Dessert ex/NYC was a tasty pre-packaged chocolate brownie but only a 'Bon o Bon' ex/BUE. What was referred to as breakfast on both flights was a warm croissant with butter and jam served with OJ and a fruit yoghurt ex/NYC and OJ a very fresh fruit salad ex/BUE. The catering ex/BUE was of a much higher calibre/quality than that out of NYC/JFK. On both flights the inflight cabin crews were efficiently friendly and served with smiles. Where AA really excelled was how they treated me as a WCHC wheelchair passenger. Everyone I came in contact with in both cities and inflight both AA staff and their handling agents treated me with care dignity and respect! Would have NO problem recommending AA to others for their air travel."
"Day trip from LGA to ORD First class. Never flown with AA before but was impressed. Lounges not as good as BA's but cabin crew delivered excellent service both ways. Outbound lunch was tasty chicken salad and cookies and dinner on the return was a tasty pasta dish with a dessert. Brandy and chocolates rounded it off very well."
"Flew LHR to Miami on a 777 in the new business class. Seating very comfortable. It was a daytime flight so I can't comment on the seat for an overnight flight. Great service. Food very acceptable. IFE excellent. Lounge at LHR is adequate nothing more. Immigration officer at MIA was the rudest man I've come across in a long time but that's not AA's fault. Their pre-landing video suggests that the immigration staff are there to help - not!"
"I just took a trip 2 weeks ago. Flew from Chicago to Dallas Dallas to El Salvador. We landed in Dallas with 27 minutes until our next flight was leaving so we ran through the airport made my flight and thought there is was no way our luggage made it! We were so excited when we arrived in El Salvador to find that all of our bags made it."
"Have lived outside the US for 20+ years. Have flown many long haul flights to European hubs and then on to different cities in the US. We usually fly on British Airways (great airline) or KLM or Delta. For the first time was forced (because of a change in flight schedules) to fly on American Airlines from DFW to London (Heathrow) yesterday. So many things wrong: seatbelt sign on for most of the flight despite only occasional mild turbulence. Not acceptable on a 9 hour flight. The flight attendants were not friendly or service oriented. They mostly communicated with each other and acted annoyed when interacting with passengers. or they just sat in the galley. On this long flight a request for another small bottle of water (in business class) was denied: \"Only one per customer\". They did not come around even once during the night to offer drinks. Unless there is no other choice avoid long-haul trips on this airline. The ground staff were a little better still not customer oriented."
"AA997 DFW-EZE on 4 April - First Class. Overall a great experience. The purser was very personable and professional. 777-200 plane which has seen better days - for a first class seat (that I will say was super comfortable to sleep in as it was totally flat and they give you a thin mattress which makes it much better) there were so many little tears and things that made the seat look tatty. Food was good - appetizer soup (great pumpkin soup) salad chicken and veggies and desert. In-flight TV on AA is always a joke compared to any other carrier - too few TV shows - too few updated recent movies - super small screen for a first class experience. But for the price and the overall service - AA wins on this flight. I have recently had a lot of flights and AA has been doing great. Keep up the great work!"
"I arrived 4 hours early for my late afternoon flight to Orlando after my cruise. I was confirmed in Main Cabin Extra. Miami has always been a \"challenging\" airport but not having been there in over a decade it was a whole new challenge. My bag was 5 lbs overweight so I had to go buy a small personal carry item and remove 5 lbs from my bag. Needless to say a huge hassle. Since I checked in so early American did not offer to put me on one of the several flight before mine but they certainly did send my bag early as it was already in this huge mire when I arrived in Orlando. The security situation in Miami is a nightmare. Once finally through the drama the new terminal AA built was nice with allot more choices of things to do but it seemed gate after gate I passed no one cleaned up the trash left by the customers. Flight boarded on time I asked for some tissue got it promptly then only saw the Flight attendants during seat belt check before and take off and landing. They all seemed to pile into F class and offer multiple drink rounds. Main Cabin Extra is what AA Coach used to be minus the service. We arrived on time and my bag had been waiting hours for me. No complaints."
"AA 324 MCO-DFW in First. Flight on time pre-ordered snack delivered cheerfully pre-departure drinks offered. Inflight the Attendant could not do enough for everyone. Ordered 5 star connecting service and arrival service. Was met at the arriving gate at DFW and taken by golf cart to the Admirals Club in Concourse D. I was able to bypass the Admirals club check in line handed Premium Drink vouchers and told I would be greeted by someone else to take me to my next flight. Shortly afterward the weather turned horrible for about an hour. My new 5 star agent found me in the Admirals Club and asked if I had any questions. I had her check to make sure the plane taking me to Santiago Chile made it on the ground. She came back to confirm it was on the ground but waiting for a gate due to the weather. Near boarding time she collected me and carted me off to the gate. I was carted back to the Admirals Club and asked to be kept informed of the situation. I was collected again and informed the new plane was ready but they were under tight time constraints to get it going due to crew time restraints. AA's Flagship suite is comfortable the turn down service pyjamas slippers and kit were all very nice. The international crew in First save for one employee were polite but simply went through the motions. The food was decent. Filled out the Breakfast Card and awoke to a nice breakfast and a wonderful view of the Andes as the sun was rising. Despite the Delay in DFW good job by AA."
"6 flights with AA in the past month or two. JFK-MIA: Arrived at check-in counter on time. Staff were friendly enough and seemed to be at ease but maintained proper professionalism. Flight waited 20 minutes at the gate before taxiing because of some missing passengers. Nice well maintained 757 seats were comfortable although not the best and flight attendants were nice. Rather bad entertainment. 2 hour flight landed in Miami with no issues. MIA-MGA (Nicaragua): Had roughly a 2 hour layover until connecting flight was scheduled. Everything went smoothly no complaints there. Flight into Managua was a little worse - 757 was a bit dilapidated and we had about an hour delay before taking off. Staff at the gate upon landing pointed us towards our destination and were very welcoming. MGA-MIA-JFK: Return flight went well nothing really remarkable. Everything was on time staff were nice and helpful seats were alright. JFK-LHR: On one of the older 777-200ER aircraft. Staff very friendly and professional. One of the flight attendants even went as far as to sit down and conduct conversation with a few of the passengers during the flight and gave off a very good vibe. Throughout the 6 hour flight the flight the attendants came around frequently and often were available to provide passengers with snacks and drinks whenever prompted. Seats were surprisingly comfortable and the flight wasn't even half full so almost everyone in Economy had the chance to fully recline across the 5 seat middle aisle (One of the advantages of the 200ER over the 300ER). Meals were actually pretty decent and I had few complaints. Fairly good entertainment with a selection of about 30 films and 10 TV shows. Flight landed smoothly and we were quickly on our way through customs and security. LHR-JFK: The flight was a little more crowded but there was still room to switch seats and there were a few open middle aisles to lie down on. Lunch was a small pizza which wasn't too bad. Flight landed smoothly and there were staff at the door to greet us. Would fly again."
"23 March. JAX to DFW to connect with a BA flight back to LHR (comment later). Aircraft MD83. I took this flight with very low expectations following past experience and general comments. Fortunately I was pleasantly surprised by the whole experience. Check-in at JAX was swift friendly and cruised past security in no time; was offered Fast Track and then again JAX is not the busiest of airports in the US. Unfortunately there are no lounges for premium passengers unless you are flying DL or their Skyteam partners. Boarding was relatively ordered. Was greeted with a smile (first impression counts) and shown to my seat by the friendly stewardess. Unlike many European carriers on their shorthaul aircraft's the premium cabins in this case do have distinct seating in their different classes. For the type of aircraft and duration of flight I would say it was quite appropriate - no use expecting a flatbed or deluxe booth for a two hour + flight. Once boarding was complete announcements were made hot towels offered followed by a choice of bubbly juice or water. Lift off was on time and flight pretty smooth most of the time. A few bumps here and there but that's part of flying. Service was above my expectations the stewardess was extremely friendly helpful and fully justified the premium escence of the cabin. Main and only disappointment was the food. Not bad but certainly not a First Class offering. On shorter Asian and European journeys the offering is far superior in a comparable cabin. On the other hand being a nut-allergy sufferer the pre-lunch aperitif of warm nuts was a no-go for me however this charming lady went out of her way to get me an appropriate (and definitely yummier) substitute - corn chips with a houmous dip. Landing was a bit later than scheduled but beforehand I was explained the best way of getting to my connecting flight. Surprisingly and with a mere 40 minutes to spare my bag even made it to my connection. Well done American!"
"ORD-MIA on March 27. 737-800. Flight was packed and had Emergency Row window - my favorite seat 14F. Upon boarding F/A at door was all smiles - even joked with me while waiting for First Class passengers to get settled while I was at the door. Really fun group of FAs and all smiling. Flight was just about 3 hours and went by fast. Had cheese and crackers snack so not much but we all know the inflight catering in Economy is basically nothing so no complaints. Just bring your own food if you want something substantial. Nothing was shown on the TV's so not sure why - that's the only thing to really say was a let-down. Landed early and bag out quickly. Good job AA!"
"MIA-POS 28 March in Business Class. 757 had new seats and was 50% full so plenty of room. Departure was 1 hour late due to First Officer being 1 hour late to the flight (wasn't explained why but they kept us in the boarding area so we didn't have to sit on the hot plane). Flight attendants in Biz Class were great - super friendly and smiles. Purser came and greeted each passenger - and his partner FA was all smiles and anticipated your needs which was amazing. Food was really good - AA has changed its menu and very tasty and healthy. Flight was only 3 hours so went by quickly. Another \"Thanks for flying with AA\" from the Purser prior to landing. Keep up the good work American - really was excellent service."
"Flew NRT-ORD in Business AA 154 on March 10. The seats and service (apart from inflight entertainment) remain not as good than the Japan Airlines flights on the same route but I saw a real effort to improve. I often find Chicago-based AA cabin attendants particularly surly for some reason but this trip I was blessed by having an outstandingly efficient and even pleasant Japanese cabin attendant who looked after the Japanese speakers as well as me very well. The connecting flight to BOS AA 2474 had at least as good cabin crew and the pilot even shook the hands with the passengers in First before the flight started."
"Flew on AA1617 last night from ORD-LAX on a new 737-800 sporting AAs latest interiors all leather seats in First and Coach. The new colors seating and IFE systems are pretty outstanding. My congratulations to AA for continuing to add new aircraft and upgrade their aircraft interiors. It makes for a much more enjoyable flight experience."
"I fly about 5-12 times a year so it's not a lot but it's not a little either. I've done international and many within the USA. I have never flown with AA but I will from now on. I usually only fly us air but I'm on a flight from CLT to Dallas/Ft. Worth and it was the most comfortable short distance flight I have taken to date. Other competitors don't even come close. (I'm comparing only to those flights within the USA and mid-size) the seats were comfortable the staff nice and each seat has a TV in front of it. Well done for changing my mind!"
"IAH to LGA via Chicago O'Hare on March 6th on a redemption ticket. Both flights were on-time. Easy checking and Priority AAccess helped me to get quickly through security and to board the aircraft early. Very smooth and organize boarding both flights arrived early. Great cabin crew comfortable seats and generous legroom. Definitely recommend flying AA."
"Flew on 2/27/14 from LGA to MIA on a US airways code share flight. Aircraft was newish Boeing 737 800. Seats were comfortable with adjustable headrest with plenty of space between my knees and seat in front. They were comparable to United's economy plus seats. Service was friendly and professional. The aircraft had wifi which could be purchased and the bandwidth was more than adequate for getting email and work done. All safety announcements and instructions seem to be pre recorded in a voice with a a neutral calm tone. As is the case in most US domestic they only have beverage service but they give you the whole along with glass as oppose to UA where they only fill the ice filled plastic cup. Inflight entertainment consisted of overhead monitors with requirement to purchase headphones however wifi availability made up for this."
"JFK-MAD return. Both flights on time and fine. 757 used which meant tired outdated and unusable IFE from drop down screens in the aisle. Be warned if in window seat you will not be able to see the entire screen. MCE seating wonderful to provide extra leg room on these long flights. Exit row seat seemed thin ended up sitting on my pillow for most of the flight! Crew on both legs were good return trip they were smiling and engaging. Something not expected often! Food acceptable but let's be honest-nothing to travel for! Multiple drink runs welcomed."
"SNA-DFW on AA mainline in first class DFW-LFT on AA Eagle in coach. This would have been an on time departure however during a strong storm our B737-800 aircraft was struck by high winds just before push back. Maintenance was called and an inspection was made with no damage noted. The flight crew kept us fully informed and drinks were served in first class during the delay. We finally took off through very turbulent weather. The crew kept us fully informed of the weather conditions as the flight attendants had to remain seated for quite some time due to the turbulence. Once past Palm Springs the ride became very comfortable and dinner was served. The \"teriyaki beef with sugar snap beans and sticky rice\" was unremarkable although the salad and dessert (freshly baked and still warm chocolate chip cookies) were fine. The red wine from Washington state was fine as well. Cabin service was excellent. Due to strong tail winds we were only about 15 minutes late arriving in DFW and I made my connection to LFT via AA Eagle with no problems. Early arrival in LFT and my checked bag arrived on the belt quickly. All in all a terrific job by AA and AA Eagle."
"Flew from LHR to DFW to make a connection to Mexico. They use the new 777-ER on this Dallas route. It was my first time to fly this aircraft and it's really great. I think it now must be the best business class product on the transatlantic - much better than BA. The seat is really comfortable. Great if you are travelling alone and get a window seat and you have complete privacy. The FA looking after me was very friendly and attentive. The International Terminal D at DFW must be the best international transfer experience in the US better than most European airports. AA system of tagging your baggage straight through to the final destination outside the US (ITI) is excellent."
"MAN-JFK. Used Oneworld (BA) reward miles. I had the lowest expectations having flown AA many times in the past both business and pleasure although not for some years. Check-in and security were the usual Manchester Airport slick and fast why can't Heathrow learn from them? On boarding we were met by a smiling and effusive purser who was greeting every passenger. Don't know if my BA Gold Card had anything to do with it but we were seated just behind Business in extra leg room seats. Yes the plane was an antique and had no seat back entertainment which almost beggars believe but it was clean and all seats and trays appeared to work for AA an achievement! We departed on time and arrived on time. We were served the preposterously named \"International Flagship\" lunch which was actually not bad for economy. Apart from the excellent purser the cabin crew went through the motions but were not rude or bad tempered which is a major improvement. US immigration was fast and the staff actually smiled. AA cabin crew and US immigration staff smiling what is the world coming to? Overall we were pleasantly surprised and would use again for the benefit of flying direct."
"LAX-LHR return in Biz. AA put their new 777-300ER on this route and I have to say that they are nearly on the top of the market with this product. Lounge at LAX - not so great I am EP the highest but have to admit the lounge is lacking lots of food options. There were nearly none except few sandwiches. Compared to BA First class in Terminal 3 which is not their best the AA just does not stack up. The aircraft itself is great. Biz has walk-up bar which if the flight attendants are not too lazy has constant food. And this is where it becomes tricky. Flight attendants on AA are hit and miss. I flew them 5 times in the past few months. The same route. Sometimes you get great serving people who really care and would do anything for you and then you get a lady like I did who when I walked up to the bar in the middle of the flight and asked for a glass of water - since there was none anywhere had to close her game on her iPad annoyingly lifted her eyes and proceeded to look. When she found the bottle she slammed it on the bar and said \" You will be able to pour it yourself - I hope\". Seat itself is great. I recommend row 5 window - it has an extra space to store your stuff. Plenty of room to stock things up. Food - really great for biz class they elevated their game with wines as well. I can't fault them for anything in terms of hard product. The choices of movies - great. I am comparing to my recent trip on BA which had about 1/3 of movies. That really surprised me. All in all AA is trying but it has to do it faster better and more efficiently."
"Traveled DFW-NRT over Christmas break in 2012. Old 777-200 but the cabin was maintained pretty well and clean. Boarded last because of a late connection whisked into an almost empty first class. Food service was quick and good the steak I ordered was surprisingly good. An old flight attendant turned out to be a very funny and nice man who did everything to make the flight better and knew when to leave me alone (sleeping). Personal TV screen was not of the highest quality but personal none the less and thus enjoyable. Lay flat seat worked just fine and the ability to swivel and work on a desk was a plus. Calm flight except for circling for 30 mins before landing at Narita."
"BOS-DFW-MEX and return MEX-MIA-BOS. 1/21/14 - 2/1/14. AA Platinum Desk gracefully accommodated our request for a departure a day before scheduled because of impending snow storm on 1/22. All flights on time or ahead upgraded using 500 miles awards on two of the legs. Service in first was prompt and cheerful. Food was fine-just the right menu for the time of day. Boarding well organized. Equipment well-maintained. All in all a very pleasant experience."
"We took our first American flight in 15 years to see if they improved and boy were we wrong. We took a 45 minute MAD-PUJ via MIA and return. All flights on time check in fast and easy. Priority boarding. On board very old planes on all sectors very nice flight crew. Their Business Class still have the inclined lay flat seats can feel a little uncomfortable for a night flight. But for other positions is OK. Food better than usual and nice selection of wines and drinks. For the first time connections at MIA went smooth and fast."
"LAX to LHR AA 136 27th Jan. New AA Business Class. Lounge very relaxing and bar served a variety of drinks. Nibbles were ok and more substantial food was available for a fee. Once on board this is the new lie flat AA product and feels more like a first class seat than business. Flight staff were very attentive and the service on the 9 hour overnight flight was great. Amazing food great entertainment on a large screen and the seat is great for working and sleeping too. A decent pillow and fleece blanket are provided. THe walk up bar with snacks during the flight was great as were the massive toilets in which you can change into more comfy wear for sleeping pj's are not provided. Bose headphones made for cinema sound and the amenity kit was of a good quality too. Food servings being on an American carrier are generous. All in all an excellent product and this does give Emirates and Etihad a run for their money as one of the best in the sky - well worth a try."
"Originally meant to flu YUL-LGA/JFK-CDG on Dec 24th 2013 and CDG-JFK-YUL on Jan 5th 2014 but a lot of changes occurred! Our JFK-CDG was cancelled due to weather in Paris. Flight from YUL-LGA was finally cancelled at the gate they rescheduled us on Air Canada to BOS (CRJ50) then British Airways to LHR. AA agents were ok and all speck fluent French. On the BOS-LHR flight (B747-400) they put us in premium economy seating was good but meal disgusting. Arrived at LHR around 4.50am we had our CDG flight scheduled at 3pm but British Airways found places for us on an earlier flight (A320). Our return wasn't cancelled as we entered the plane a B757-200 wifi- equipped we and 10 other passengers were told to go back to the gate. Given vouchers 800USD each Hyatt hotel and complimentary meals. The next morning staff helped us find the best flight. CDG-MIA-YUL. The 10 hours long CDG-MIA flight was on an outdated B767-300 but was really clean. Food was better than BA but still not as AF or Egyptair. No individual TV of course but good seat. I was able to sleep. The rest of the trip MIA-YUL was on an B737-800. Normal flight free beverages and everything else we needed to pay for. Great staff. I would fly them again."
"AA47 LHR-ORD in Business - maybe 70% full on Saturday lunchtime. 777-200 with 2-3-2 business class. Attentive crew a mixture of experienced and new who showed a real pride in the service they offered. Good concise communication from the flight deck. Food OK wine reasonable (although does show cost cutting vs 4 years ago when I last flew this route). Cabin showing a little wear and tear but generally OK and serviceable. IFE showing its age but again perfectly OK for an 8 hour stretch. Half the price of BA (although BA were in gouging mode because the flight was booked within 2 weeks of departure). On time departure 10 minutes early arrival. A decent product when delivered by a crew who care as was the case this time."
"LHR-ORD AA 91 14th January - a good comfortable flight and the food was reasonable. Excellent flight attendants very friendly and helpful. DFW-LHR AA78 - Business - 20th January. Although the business cabin was full the seat was very comfortable and the service impeccable. Very friendly FA's. This was my 3rd multi sector trip from London with AA and every time I have found the whole experience to far exceed my expectations."
"Based on a 3 day trip from BWI-DFW-SFO-ORD-BWI in first class I was pleasantly surprised and see AA as a much improved airline. Even though the first flight was cancelled due to a mechanical problem getting myself re-routed was painless though check in staff in BWI were not particularly helpful and if I did not have an app that showed me all my options I may not have had such a good experience. Two of the planes were new 737's FA's were attentive and friendly but still professional (shocking in a US airline). They tried to remember passengers' names and one gets the sense that AA is studying the premier international airlines. Food was fine but not memorable. The AA hubs I passed through all had their own personality but there was a consistency. DFW was friendly SFO professional and ORD a little gruff. The Admirals Club in each airport was good with very helpful professional staff. There is not much food or entertainment but that's not important to me in a domestic airport lounge. Reading other reviews I am reminded of my past experiences with AA and I am hopeful that my experience was a harbinger."
"AA79 30th Dec. AA50 8th Jan. I flew AA to PHX from LHR via DFW. Had a 772 on the way out and a 77W on the way back the internal flights were on an MD80. On all flights the service was excellent and on AA50 was quite outstanding. I was expecting very average flights but was hugely impressed with all aspects from start to finish. I would avoid row 1 on the 77W because on light invasion from the galley."
"AA27 ICN to DFW. 20/12/2013. First off Incheon Airport is a gem and it is easy access via express train from Seoul Station. On arrival at the check in we found a line that was moving along nicely. We arrived at the counter as a family of 3. I had a separate ticket as I was travelling back on a different date from my family. There was a hiccup with my ticket as they could not find the leg from DFW to AUS and we were travelling together. It took the check in lady quite a while to find it but we stood patiently as she was trying very hard. She finally had to give in and get a supervisor to help. All the while the other agents kept the line moving along and no one was stuck. The check in staff were all very apologetic and the supervisor finally found my ticket. She noticed that I am a Platinum level traveler and said that she would try to upgrade us all to Business Class. She was successful at it and we were given the upgrade. This made a huge difference as we were on our way home for Christmas and were not looking forward to that long flight in economy. The flight was 100% booked solid and not an empty seat was available. The staff were attentive and gracious. They went out of their way to ensure that our 12 year old son was comfortable and had plenty to eat and drink. Have to say that this was a very good experience from AA. Only drawback is that the entertainment system needs an upgrade. Screens are small and not a huge selection for an 11 hour flight."
"Flew from McCarron (Vegas) to Chicago to Manchester (England). After delays Vegas to Chicago (because of snow) staff at Chicago did everything they possibly could to get us a flight to Manchester. Ended up flying on time due to their professionalism. Worked hard for all passengers. The cases were delivered next day at least we were on time and cases delivered to the house."
"ORD-YYZ-LGA-ORD Jan 3-6. Flight out to Toronto was fine. Delayed a bit in Chicago but landed on-time. Flight attendants friendly and love AA's new E-175 jets. Return was on the day the huge freeze hit the Midwest. Morning flight to ORD cancelled and put on 9.15am flight. That was delayed a few times then cancelled. Went back to the ticket counter where the agent put me on the next available flight Tuesday night (36 hours later). I asked to be routed through NYC but she said I had to deal with the ExPlt desk for that. After 2 hours on hold for the ExPlt desk (completely ridiculous but with the storm issues expected) I got a friendly agent who booked me on the 12.55pm to LGA then Tuesday flight to Chicago. YYZ-LGA flight an hour late with only 8 passengers aboard. Great flight attendants - lots of humor. Landed in LGA and went to AA desk to see if there was any flight leaving for ORD that night. Only one was scheduled (6 cancelled) and she got me a seat in coach - was very happy. At the boarding gate got my upgrade by an excellent gate agent who had a fun attitude in dealing with all the craziness at the gate. Good flight to ORD - had a nice squash gnocchi and salad. Cookies offered also. Landed 15 min ahead of schedule as there were no planes landing at ORD. It was a bad weather period but I think AA did a good job."
"Flew Business Class from Santiago Chile to Dallas/Ft Worth on a 777. I fly First and Business Class on airlines around the world and I don't have a problem at all with these Biz Class seats and amenities. Even though the seats are angled and not lie-flat I slept like a baby and found the different positions very comfortable. The IFE selection is minimal and not competitive with other airlines but it was decent for the 9.5 hr flight - besides meal time and sleeping took up a big chunk of the flight anyway. Dinner was good with the traditional AA sundae served at the end. This was an 11.10pm departure on an overnight flight so the meal time is odd but I was glad they offered full options. The crew were fine - your average run-of-the-mill crew who have been flying for 40+ years. They don't make any effort to make the Biz Class experience special. AA service levels are average at best and can't come close to what is offered with the international airlines. The Admirals Club in Santiago was crowded and food selection poor. Not recommended."
"DCA-LAX-DCA. 737-800. Outbound: Flight on time. Pre-ordered steak dinner was quite good. Staff efficient and reasonably friendly. Drinks service OK for flight length with a mini pre-packed snack basket (sweets chips nuts etc.) served closer to landing. Seat and entertainment system simply awful for so-called First Class with no foot rest or individual video screens. Only a video via the ceiling mounted screens and cheap earplug type headsets given free. This seat is not comfortable for a 5.5 hour flight. I hope the new seats that are advertised work better when these planes are retrofitted in the future. Inbound: Had access to the AA LAX Flagship Lounge (inside Admiral's Club) due to my OneWorld Emerald (BA Gold) status. Almost empty in the early morning with a reasonable spread of food and drinks. Flight on time. Staff more friendly than the outbound flight. Pre-ordered omelette breakfast quite good. This aircraft had the new sky interior but the same awful seats and entertainment. Looking forward to trying out new AA domestic seat and video products in the near future. Bags delivered slower than expected at DCA."
"LHR-DFW-SJO return via JFK. I set out with middling expectations of AA in economy and was pleasantly surprised. New 777 is great seats a little narrow but what can you expect? Flights to and from SJO on old 757s but crew made both flights quite enjoyable. If only JKF immigration would work a little better. Everyone's experiences are always different but on this occasion AA looked after us nicely."
"AA hits a homerun with its new business class on the 777-300. They've entirely reinvented the AA business class experience with lie-flat seats in private pods. From JFK-LHR we experienced great food good service and restful sleep. It beats the business class of many quality European and Asian airlines - and is the best among US airlines. Nice to see AA investing in its product."
"RDU-LHR return in Y. Outbound check-in and bag check handled smoothly no complaints. Boarding somewhat chaotic but this was mainly due to the layout of the gate area. Aircraft on this route are older 763s with no IFE but seats and toilets seemed in decent condition. Food decent enough and FAs - while not terribly friendly - were diligent about offering drinks. Entertainment was pretty miserable but what do you expect when you have no seatback system and have to rely on the overheads? Pretty laughable for an international leg. Return flight check- in at LHR was a breeze but boarding was infuriating! Pax with group 3/4 boarding passes rushing the gate during pre-boarding gate attendants barely speaking above a whisper when announcing boarding groups. Really ridiculous. FAs on return flight much friendlier. Main Cabin Extra proved worthwhile as the legroom was plentiful. All in all worth the competitive fare but not nearly at the standard of other nations' flag carriers."
"I have read many negative reviews about American Airlines and was hesitant about booking my recent flight on them but due to the price of the ticket (flew first class) and the short notice of booking a flight over the holidays I chose them. Well I was very pleasantly surprised. All my flights (GNV-MIA-IAD) were on time. The flight attendants were friendly and very professional. The meals were good and the airplanes were modern and clean. I usually fly Delta but with such a pleasant experience on American I may reconsider who I book on future flights."
"Cayman Islands to Las Vegas in December. Overall a good experience Flights on time and connection in Miami was quick. Service and food were both good. Individual entertainment at the seats will be a huge improvement over the clunky TV hanging from the cabin ceiling."
"AA1319 IND-LAX I'm an Executive Platinum with AA and they do treat me well. Flew out of IND on 12/26 on their fairly new non-stop to LAX in a Sky 737-800. Flight was packed. I was travelling with a small dog a Christmas gift for my in-laws. The crew was great and the FC Senior FA was especially pleasant. AA's FC seating is very comfortable for Domestic flights and the seat recline version is a favorite of mine. I had pre-selected my dinner choice on line it was provided hot and tasty. Was hoping for a sundae but freshly baked cookies were served. If they can transfer their outstanding level of customer to US Air they are going to have a mighty wonderful Domestic US carrier."
"ORD-LAS Return. My wife and I recently made this trip with some friends. The flight out to LAS was on an old livery S80. I was in seat 30D which meant the engines were right next to me and it was some extremely noisy 4 hours. The MD80 economy seat is not the most comfortable. ORD was under considerable snow that day and the de- icing truck broke down in front of our aircraft which delayed us going out. It was an extremely turbulent flight but the flight deck kept us in the loop the whole time. Flight back to ORD was on an old livery B738. Pushback was a few minutes ahead of schedule and overall a smooth flight until we got to ORD which was under snow again. This time we had a decent enough movie to watch and once again the flight deck was extremely interactive. Standard flight in terms of food and beverage. The FAs were smiling very welcoming warm and overall did a great job in taking care of the passengers."
"I have flown SFO-MIA-Ecuador and back 6 times the past 2 years. Although the staff can seem a little long in the tooth and sometimes just mean I do appreciate the pilots. They seem to be a cut above the rest of the industry with those 757's."
"LHR-LAX-LAS-LAX-OGG-LAX-LHR Nov 28 to Dec 9. I had a 2-week trip to 3 destinations in America all on American Airlines. All 6 flights were punctual and flight attendants on all flights were polite and friendly especially the last 3 flights. The new business class seat in AA's 777-300ER is the most comfortable I've had. Slept very well on both flights between LHR and LAX. I was also satisfied with the unexpected angled flat bed business class seat on LAX-OGG-LAX flights in 767-300. Overall I was very happy with their service and products. If AA ground staff can also deliver the same good services then AA will become a true premium full service airline in America."
"My family and I traveled on AA from CDG (767-300) DFW (MD80) Sat 14 Dec and was completely satisfied. AA excel in two areas: 1) The super friendly hospitality of their Cabin Crew and 2) They provide meals that will fill you - their pizza prior to landing is sumptuous and most memorable. Their aircrafts are old and their IFE very ancient. So if price is a factor (especially when traveling with family) they will deliver satisfaction. The game changer is when their fleet is replaced with the latest in IFE offerings!"
"JFK (New York) to LAX (Los Angeles). We got at the airport went straight through security which was extremely easy then sat at the gate for a while. No delays. We were in seating group 2 which was extremely convenient. We got 2 seats next to each other. They let us use all electronic devices. The only in-flight entertainment was 12 radio stations and a couple of magazines but it was a great steady flight. The food was fine. They provided a breakfast sandwich with ham and cheese on a croissant. The staff were friendly and it was one of the best flying experiences I've had."
"Flew ORD-MIA last week onboard AA1252. First remark: I got a reward ticket using my AAdvantage points and I must say that contrary to what happens with many other carriers a free ticket with AA is really a free ticket as I paid only 2USD for taxes and that's something I really appreciate. Flying AA is a very basic experience though: plane was a B767-300 freshly re-painted but about 20 years old even if the seat comfort is okay for a 3hour flight. No entertainment just scattered small screens and no meal provided for free just drinks. Having to pay USD 25 for checking your bag is something I really do not understand but it is a general policy of US carriers. Crew professional and quite friendly and a very talkative captain. Left and arrived on time with no mechanical problems happened as in the 50% of the AA flights I had flown in the past (total-10) so no complaints at all this time and I will consider to fly with them again for domestic flights in the future."
"Chicago - Toronto - Miami - Las Vegas - Chicago Every flight we took left on time. All flights were full except for the Vegas -Chicago flight which was mostly empty making for a great flight. The service was as expected and the planes were all in good condition some were in fact very new. The in flight magazine is particularly good on this airline. I was very concerned about selecting this airline as there are so many bad reviews about delays but honestly I can say we had a wonderful experience flying with them."
"ORD_DUS-FLR on AA/Air Berlin - 11/27 DUS-ORD on 12/8. Biz class full in both directions - I hope that continues as flying through DUS is a breeze compared to connecting at Heathrow. ORD-DUS 767-300 - the flight attendant was the only let-down: she was friendly but wasn't too attentive and talked with other passengers about how she didn't like flying long haul and was at her tolerance limit after a 7-hour flight. If you don't like long-haul then don't work it - ridiculous. Food was good - I pre-ordered it online and that worked well. Purser was very friendly. Arrived 45 min ahead of schedule and did the easy connection to Air Berlin Q-400 to Florence. Nice flight and on-time. DUS-ORD 767-300. Great flight attendant - friendly and attentive without being too in-your- face. Good food pre-ordered again online. Samsung Tablet is nice but again they don't put enough TV shows on it - you get one episode from the 1st season of a series. Overall I hope with the merger things keep getting better with FA attitudes. Good flights in general."
"I flew to New York City last Monday and I sat in the front row of coach. I got a lot of legroom and felt like I was in first class. The staff were nice on this 738. The plane was delayed 1 hour due to a winter storm. The entertainment did not work so I used my tablet. I got to have a nice breakfast with dessert and I got free baggage because of the Advantage card from AA."
