"x"
"Verified Review | Brussels to New York JFK. My first Delta experience was very positive. The smooth proces of checking in and breezing through security and immigration shows the advantage of a quite small airport as Brussels, in comparison to my home airport AMS. Only disadvantage: poor lounge. Delta uses the BA lounge, which has very limited F&B options. Dissapointing. But the onboard experience was very good. The FA working in my area (seat 1A), as well the purser of the flight was very friendly. The other two FA's in C were very kind as well and we had long conversations. F&B: outstanding. The only con was the IFE. A bit limited in content and the overpriced WiFi wasn't worth it for me to give it a try."
"Verified Review | St Thomas to Atlanta. On October 15, my husband, our two dogs (weighing 60lbs and 50lbs, respectively) and I boarded Delta flight 674 from St. Thomas. We were stressed: having just been through 2 category 5 hurricanes, the loss of both our jobs and relocating to the mainland, we had little in our emotional reserves as we attempted to settle into our seats. Our flight attendant immediately welcomed us and gave special attention to our heavily sedated dogs. Tina listened to our story and made us feel like the only passengers aboard the full aircraft. I witnessed her executing her duties throughout the flight in a professional, timely and warm manner, and being a lifetime service industry professional, myself, I noted how she engaged her passengers with genuine courtesy. The mark of a true professional is evident when things are going less than perfect, however, and she handled a potentially unpleasant situation with grace and expediency. We are now lifelong customers and will continue to recommend Delta to all our friends and family."
"Verified Review | Raleigh Durham to Boston. Flew Delta on three segments in early October. All flights were on CRJ-900 regional jets. Flights left and arrived on time. Crews generally pleasant and efficient. Pilot on the first flight (RDU-BOS) came into the cabin before departure to introduce himself and the crew and provide flight info - a nice touch. Seating tight but tolerable for a short flight. Planes in decent shape and reasonably clean. Delta had changed my routing after I purchased the tickets which was not an issue for me as the timing was essentially the same. However, they did not send an advisory on this but, fortunately, I double check reservations a couple of time before I travel so I caught the change. I did print out all my copies of the schedule to be on the safe side and this turned out to be useful. When we arrived in Toronto on the return leg, the computer system did not seem to recognize the revised booking. When we could not get our boarding passes and the agent questioned our booking, I had the documentation and, though it took about 15-20 minutes, she finally got us sorted out and printed our boarding passes. Of course, they did not work when we went to board our flight but the gate agent saw the correction and got us sorted out quickly. Everyone who worked on the issue was helpful which kept our stress levels (relatively) low."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles in Delta One is superb even on the 757 which is not quite as grand as the 767. Food, seats, entertainment and service are as good as it gets, JetBlue Mint is tops and this is right up there. Amazing flight attendants. LAX to Kona. Big downgrade, especially in seats. Barely first class qualified. Flight attendants have nothing to work with and do an amazing job in tight quarters with really mediocre food offerings. They made up for most of the shortcomings on this route."
"Verified Review | The flight attendants on my Delta flight going to Atlanta and returning home to Newark were some of the most caring I have seen. They took the time to make sure I was doing ok when I was having a tough time with my assigned seat and the flights. They went above and beyond expectations, and I am grateful for them during a rough time."
"Verified Review | One of the best flights I have been on! Two of the flight attendants spent time letting every passenger know their connecting gate in Detroit and how to navigate the Airport. This was amazing and appreciated by everyone. All attendants should be giving passengers this kind of service and she did it with a smile! Will continue to use Delta and hope the airlines train all employees to be like this! Great flight, #2807 4:59 from Laguardia to Detroit."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Detroit. I was apprehensive about travelling by Delta Air Lines but this was the best flight we have been on travelling to USA. Everything was perfect, the crew were friendly, food was delicious and the seating was really comfortable. Beats BA any day. Thank you Delta."
"Verified Review | Flew Edmonton to San Francisco via Seattle. What a pleasant surprise - a domestic US carrier that is working hard to improve customer service. Check in was efficient and staffed by helpful friendly people. Boarding was equally efficient. The flight attendants worked hard to deliver genuine service and nothing was ever a problem. This was my 5th and 6th flight with Delta Air Lines this year - I have been trying them after consistent issues with AA. Based on this experience I will be using them more often. They seem to be working to lift their game."
"Verified Review | New York to Lisbon, returning Dublin to new York. The price, despite being in summer season, was excellent, especially in comparison to most other options. The level of service was the best we've experienced in many years of travel. It begins with the cockpit crew and attendants greeting passengers on entrance to and departure from the flights. They seemed more personable and enthusiastic than is common, and communicated pride and pleasure in their work. The food was surprisingly good and plentiful, free beverages were varied and frequent. We counted two passes with hot towels and four involving beverages. The entertainment options were fresh and divergent.Finally, we were forced to return due to a member of family's medical emergency. Delta could not have been more supportive and considerate related to this circumstance. Delta has announced in this past week, the upcoming utilization of a system involving in flight wifi free of charges will be initiated in the near future."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Cleveland. Delta treated me great when I needed to return home 2 days earlier due to husband illness, they made it very simple and even though I had not purchased insurance they only had be pay a 50Dollar fee. Also no problems with boarding the flight, everyone was great."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Sydney. Delta had a 3x3x3 layout in economy class on this Boeing 777 on this flight from LA to Sydney. I had an economy comfort seat, which features more legroom and slightly more recline, both valuable assets on a 14 hours flight. The seat was comfortable, and I could catch some sleep. The service was decent. However, the food was rather sub-standard. I had a tasteless cheese ravioli dish. At least, I cannot complain regarding the amount of food available: Delta served a snack in the middle of the flight (sandwich, apple, cookie) and breakfast (French toast). Furthermore, they had a snack bar where you could serve yourself during the flight."
"Verified Review | Delta allowed me to change our destination due to Hurricane Irma free of charge, on the day of the flight. I see this as an extraordinarily positive gesture. Airplanes quite new, service reasonable. On national flights weaker refreshments. Overall good price-value ratio."
"Verified Review | Amsterdam to Seattle. I have to admit having read the reports on this site I wasn't looking forward to this flight but the service was very good, the flight attendants professional and helpful and food/drinks offered were good quality and well presented. Seat was comfortable. If I have a complaint the IFE film selection was not particularly my choice but there was enough I could pick from for the flight."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Portland. I had the pleasure of travelling to and from Portland with the same cabin crew. They were really efficient, friendly, helpful and informative, not only in terms of in flight support but also useful data and advice re our time in Oregon. Further, despite being very approachable they maintained a highly professional approach. In respect of the food, there was a good range on the menu and the \"hot food\" was actually hot. The only small downside re refreshments was that we were not provided with the usual pre-flight drink on our way back from Portland. Seating and in flight entertainment were fine though I did not find the flatbed particularly comfortable. My thanks to all the great cabin staff( and of course the pilots), for facilitating two enjoyable flights."
"Verified Review | Had a very pleasant flight with Delta from Atlanta to Bogotá. Delta uses a narrow-body Boeing 757-200 for this flight, which features the same business class as in domestic flights. It has five rows with 2x2 recliner seats. But for a four-hour flight, this is perfectly sufficient. The service was very good, and the food was tasty. Delta usually has a meat and a vegetarian option on this flight. I had a salad, Ravioli with fresh vegetables and a fruit platter for desert. I could not have asked for more."
"Verified Review | We had very good customer service on our recent trip to Tampa! I was worried about traveling in light of the negative publicity surrounding different airlines, especially traveling with a 5 year old, a 2 year old and infant. Allowing us to board first and get settled was very helpful as well as allowing us to check car seats, strollers at no cost. But the best part was when we were coming back and my 2year old grandson had had enough refusing to buckle, wanting to get out of his seat, etc. We were in the very back seat next to the stewardesses seat. A lady sat beside him and held his hand and talked with him, got him cookies and juice, showed him pictures of her children while we were taking off and landing. She was so good and sweet with him! Really made our trip home less stressful and more enjoyable!"
"Verified Review | Fayetteville to Minneapolis. Being disabled with a broken ankle, I was dreading my flight to Minneapolis. At the gate I was pleased to be helped so efficiently and pleasantly by a personable lady attendant. Upon boarding the aircraft, we were met by a steward who made us feel very welcomed and was so helpful. During the flight, he and a stewardess went over and above to make my grandson (age 7) and I have a delightful trip. The plane was beautiful- very clean and well maintained. The captain was great about keeping us informed and the flight was on time and smooth! Thank you so much for such a pleasant surprise trip!"
"Verified Review | Flew Delta from Seattle to New Orleans via Atlanta. I chose this flight because the aircraft was internationally configured and that made the difference. It was fine but the aircraft interior seemed a bit beat up. The service was domestic of course and ok. Crew was fine. Flight was delayed two hours but assistance rebooking connection was handled well."
"Verified Review | Excellent service from ground staff. They use your name when scanning your boarding pass and I noticed they used everyone's surnames. Pretty impressive. Onboard flight attendants warm and cheerful. All flight attendants greeted me including those preparing the galley. Seat was a lie-flat with a Westin pillow and duvet, each individually wrapped. Great selection of movies, TV shows, games and music. Slept for most of the trip but woke for the landing service. Had beef bourguignon with mashed potatoes. Delicious! They also had laksa noodles which smelled good as well. Bathrooms clean and I like the blue LED mood lighting inside. Way to go Delta! The best international service from a US carrier so far."
"Verified Review | Victoria-Seattle-Atlanta-Washington (DCA), Delta Comfort+ class, outbound on 2 August 2017, returning 10 August, using points accumulated with KLM plus $400 in taxes and fees. In both directions, YYJ-SEA legs were served by SkyWest using CRJ-700 aircraft; SEA-ATL legs used B757 outbound and A321 for the return; ATL-DCA legs used A321s in both directions. For all legs, interior cabins were clean and modern (even the B757, a model that Boeing stopped manufacturing in 2003). A321s were brand-new, but nevertheless had the seating design problem of wasting several centimetres of available fuselage width owing to an unnecessary gap between the window-seat armrests and fuselage. A321s also had the new narrower washroom design. A pregnant or significantly overweight passenger would have difficulty turning around inside. Delta categorizes its passengers under many rubrics – Comfort Class, Comfort+ Class, Delta One Class, SkyPriority Class, Medallion Class, Premium Cabin, Main Cabin, and so on. The only clearly-named category I recognised was \"First Class\". I didn't think any of my flights had a \"First Class\", but, on one of my outbound flights, the gate agents nevertheless announced it as one of the groups for early boarding (even in advance of parents with small children and passengers using wheelchairs!). By the end of my trip, I discovered that my \"Comfort+ Class\" ticket was considered also to be in the \"Premium Cabin\" and \"SkyPriority Class\" categories, which all overlapped. A full set of definitions should have been provided as part of the ticket. IFE offered a decent selection of audio and video, but the categorisation made no sense: better to look for the full A-Z listing. For Comfort+ class, \"snacks\" were offered; but the only real food was a banana. Alcoholic beverages were supposed to be available without additional charge for Comfort+ passengers, but at no time did the FAs explicitly say so. Outbound, the ATL-DCA leg was cancelled, as were three other Delta flights that evening serving the same route. Delta apologised profusely, explaining that thunderstorms in the US northeast corridor had prevented flights from landing at DCA and mentioning air-traffic-control congestion as a contributing factor. Oddly, after I arrived in Washington the next day, friends told me they could recall no rain or thunderstorms in Washington the night before. Passengers on the cancelled flights were required to stay overnight at ATL at our own expense. Many passengers did their own rebooking of flights online. Only one Delta agent was present at the service counter near the gate to do rebooking in person. Nearby were Delta telephones where rebooking agents could be reached, but few people noticed them. For overnight lodging, Delta gave us a print-out saying that it had a \"negotiated rate\" with a nearby motor hotel, although it didn't make an outright recommendation. It was a seedy place, well worn and with visible damage to walls and fixtures. It is unwise for Delta to associate its name with that motor hotel. I had one G&T on the ATL-SEA return leg. The FA had no idea how the drink should be poured, even though I'd done my best to ask her to (i) give me a cup with a couple of ice cubes, then (ii) give me the little bottle of gin (they offered Bombay Sapphire), and then (iii) let me pour the tonic water as the last step. She kept giving me a combination of ice and tonic water first, for me to add the gin as the last step. My Grandma would be horrified."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Amsterdam via Atlanta. I am a Diamond Medallion, almost 2 million mile flyer. I have flown Delta forever and stand behind the company as (generally) nearly world-class. On this trip I really needed some help, asked for it, and was ignored by Delta. I flew FLL-ATL-AMS, travelling in Delta One and First Class, connecting in AMS to KLM for onward travel. I bought the flight on Delta.Com and despite have a 1:04 connection time in ATL did not see the timing as a problem. Bad weather in ATL delayed us and, oddly, FLL agents boarded the flight, then unboarded, then immediately reboarded the airplane. While in the terminal waiting to reboard I asked a Redcoat to notify ATL of my close connection and asked for “meet and assist” help upon arrival. I watched him type in the request and listened as he read it to me. We arrived in ATL on an A gate with 24 minutes to spare – my AMS departure was leaving from an E gate. Of course, no one was there to assist and the one gate agent had his hands full with normal gate arrival activities. While running to the connections train I saw on a departures board that the AMS flight, which had been showing on-time on the Delta mobile app, was now delayed 30 minutes. Not sure what to believe I hustled to the E gate, where boarding had not even begun. I am disappointed because on this trip I needed help from Delta and got blown off. As a passenger asking for help I hoped they would step up. I am hugely disappointed in their lack of response. Apparently loyalty is one–way only."
"Verified Review | We flew from Detroit, connected in JFK and final destination Punta Cana, upon arrival at the gate at JFK for the connecting flight via Delta we needed to check in at the gate because boarding passes were not available at departure city. The representatives were great and very professional at the JFK gate B22 - very patient and professional and got my and my wife to sit together even though the flight was already boarding upon our arrival at the gate."
"Verified Review | Boston to Detroit. Big shout out to the gentleman flight attendant who gave the whole plane a Vegas worthy magic show! Made the flight enjoyable and the whole plane was laughing the whole way it was awesome. I hope Delta hires more people like him who really take pride in their job!"
"Verified Review | New York LaGuardia to Sarasota. I was waiting to board and looked out the window and saw a Delta baggage handler throw each bag from the baggage truck onto the bag escalator. He was an able bodied young man- why does he need to throw the bags?? It shows a great disrespect and carelessness, and is not representative of the Delta I know and like. Please fix this attitude."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Salt Lake City. This is about the flight attendants on this flight. They were absolutely fantastic. I got extremely ill midway through the flight and they were ready and willing to help with whatever I needed: ginger ale, ice pack for my neck, snacks to settle my stomach. I spent most of my flight standing in the back in case and one of the women talked to me and helped take my mind off of how I was feeling. I am so grateful to those flight attendants. I'd fly Delta again simply because of them."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Orlando. We had a fantastic experience with Delta. My husband and I flew for the first time ever to get to our honeymoon cruise out of Orlando. Delta made the entire experience so easy and stress-free. They made sure we knew exactly where to go every step of the way, and we got to our gate plenty early. The flight attendants were kind and very helpful. We got to enjoy a snack and a drink on our flights to Orlando and back home. And the TV screens with games and movies made our flight home even more enjoyable. We are so grateful to Delta for making our first flying experience absolutely perfect, and we look forward to flying with them in the future."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to Detroit on the Boeing 747-400. First time flying with Delta Air Lines and having very low expectations with US carriers, I was surprised with Delta. The food, IFE, and ameneties provided were much better than expected. The two veteran crew serving my side were really friendly and interactive with passengers. The crew on the opposite aisle were grumpy and not smiling."
"Verified Review | Edmonton to Seattle. The flight was delayed for 5 hours. That was the worst part. We were promptly notified that there was a technical issue with the plane and that there would initially be a 30 minute delay. After 30 minutes we had to deplane. The flight crew was professional and extremely helpful. As soon as we got off the plane they were already distributing snacks, drinks, coloring books for the kids, and also some playing cards. Throughout the ordeal the station attendants were helpful, even when passenger tensions were rising, they remained professional. They even helped some passengers with connecting flights and got them on another flight. After the delay the flight crew were amazing. The pilots got out of the cockpit and addressed everyone face-to-face and apologized for the long delay, which to me showed a high sense of professionalism. The free alcoholic drinks in premium economy were excellent. The snacks were suffice for a short 60 minute flight, just some cookies and pretzels. The seats were highly comfortable and had excellent recline as well. There was no seatback entertainment, however, there were magazines provided. I highly recommend flying on Delta, they know how to treat their customers well."
"Verified Review | Washington to Los Angeles. Thanks Delta. My boyfriend and I will check to book with Delta first for the air excellent choice they give customer's - complimentary light dinner with 3 or 4 great choices, as well as snacks and beverage choices. We enjoyed the free headphones with a large selection of the latest movies and television shows, each seat has it's own tv. My boyfriend stated he is getting Delta Credit Card to earn flying points as well. Delta, thank you for treating us like human beings and not a cash machine. You stand out from the airlines want to nickel and dime and treat their customers as cash machines instead of human beings."
"Verified Review | New York to Orlando was the best short haul flight I've taken. Cabin crew were friendly, casual but efficient. I was amazed by the retrofitted cabin design and how bright it was. Overhead bin was massive and a carry-on suitcase could fit sitting on the side of the suitcase instead of flat as they normally do. I appreciated when the crew kindly reminded every passenger to get to their seat as soon as possible and move away from the aisle to speed up the boarding process, since we started boarding a few minutes behind the scheduled boarding time but arrived in Orlando 20min early. The entertainment system was very amazing and it's even better than those on long haul international flights. Big screen and a lot of movies to choose from. Free non-alcoholic beverage and snack is a common practice in US domestics flights. I will choose Delta again."
"Verified Review | Wonderful customer service. The customer service staff who serviced flight Delta 2414 from Las Vegas to Seattle on 22 June 2017 was amazing. This gentleman was polite and professional and was absolutely funny. I was also amazed that the pilot who was standing at the counter also spoke and joked with customers waiting for seat allocation. This is very refreshing and cool. The special treatment continued on the flight with very friendly flight attendants. The snacks provided on this domestic flight is better than what you get on a premium airline in Australia. I am very impressed with the service from all levels. Keep up the good work Delta. My family and I will definitely fly with Delta again."
"Verified Review | Dublin to Seattle via Boston. Amazing service from this flight. The crew were exceptional. There was a man that needed medical attention in the back of the plane and the crew asked overhead if any nurses or doctors could come back. I am an critical care nurse in Seattle, so both me and my sister (also a nurse in Seattle) went back to help. We spent about 15 minutes back there with the man (who turned out okay), but they took our seat numbers in case he needed any more medical attention. Later on in the flight, a flight attendant came by to take our name, email address and home address so that they could give us each a $100 voucher for our services. I was so touched. Delta was kind enough to not only express their gratitude but to give us a reward. Delta was already one of my favorite airlines because of the quality of the flights as well as the entertainment selection, but now they truly are my favorite airline."
"Verified Review | An early morning start at Dulles, check in was very smooth and boarding was orderly, the aircraft was old but the service was very good arrival at Atlanta was on time. Delta attendants at arrival were very helpful and courteous, our connection at Atlanta was distant, we had to go from terminal C all the way to terminal F and our flight to Honolulu was on time. We boarded an older A330-300, from it's registration number it was one of the old Northwest Airlines aircraft, but the layout of the Business First is the latest Delta product. Delta have an excellent record of their upkeep of their aircraft even if they are very old. The entertainment system worked well but the food was very poor. Again the service was professional and top notch. Arrival in Honolulu was ahead of time and we had a great view of the Big Island and Maui and towards landing we saw beautiful Waikiki."
"Verified Review | Flew Tampa to Raleigh-Durham. Kudos to Delta for going above and beyond. I bought tickets three months in advance for my mother and I to attend my nephew's graduation assuming prices would start to rise after that. To my surprise, fares lowered dramatically a few weeks after my purchase. I had originally purchased \"Main Economy\" tickets, Delta's middle tier in economy. Upon seeing the new lower prices, I called Delta who offered to upgrade us to Delta Comfort+, their top tier in economy which offers more legroom, advance boarding and guaranteed overhead bin space. The ticket price of the upgraded seats was lower than what I had paid for Main Economy and Delta's response was to issue each of us the $49 fare difference in vouchers for future travel (which we will definitely use this year before expiry) even though they were under no obligation to do so. My mother requires wheelchair assistance and this was handled flawlessly on both ends of both flights. Both flights left slightly late but arrived on time on the outbound and early on the return. Outbound seat very uncomfortable, return was fine. We had \"bulkhead\" seats both ways on these regional flights and as there is no wall separating First and Economy we were able to stow belongings under the First seat in front of us avoiding the bulkhead inconvenience of having to stow everything in the overhead. Crew polite, helpful and professional on both flights. On the return crew pilfered First snacks in order to provide my mother with a nut and seed free option. WiFi was provided though I did not attempt to use it so cannot comment on speed. If Delta continues to provide this level of service I will continue to fly with them."
"Verified Review | I had a family emergency and had to cancel my Washington to Akron via Detroit flight 18 hours prior to take off. I notified Delta customer service of my situation and with no questions asked, they cancelled my flight and awarded me with a full credit. I'm very pleased with Delta and their graciousness towards myself. They gave me one less thing to worry about. I definitely will go out of my way to fly only Delta in the future."
"Verified Review | Delta continues to be the best of the American legacy airlines. Check-in at Barcelona was easy and the gentleman who printed our boarding passes and took our baggage was very personable and made us feel very welcome. Business class seating was fine and service was efficient and pleasant. IFE was fine and I was able to watch two current movies during my flight. Food was fine and water and beverages available throughout the flight. Overall the flight was a pleasant experience."
"Verified Review | Delta Air Lines flight from Paris to Newark was smooth and pleasant. Efficient boarding, take off on time. Very good food: both meals and ice cream and bottle of water in between. FAs were swift and attentive. IFE with a very broad selection of movies/programs. The only downside was a quite old aircraft with all related issues (loose panels, exposed repaired details, drafts in the cabin), but the seat (economy) was surprisingly comfortable. I think Delta would gain many more credits with a newer fleet on the long range flights. In general very good impression. With 2 points subtracted for the aircraft cabin condition, I definitely recommend Delta for trans-atlantic travel."
"Verified Review | I can't express how wonderfully Delta has treated me and my family during this time of need. My father passed away suddenly and I needed a bereavement rate. They provided it with ease, saving my two sons $600 each over the price of another carrier. On the plane, they offered a selection of snacks including Kind bars which were a great alternative to pretzels. I was treated well by every member staff. I can't say enough about how great Delta is. When I fly in the future my choice will be Delta."
"Verified Review | Excellent flight from Rome to New York on Delta Air Lines. Check in at Rome was fast and efficient. The Business Class seat was extremely comfortable. The cabin staff and service was excellent, friendly and polite. The IFE had several choices between music, movies, ant TV. The inflight meals and beverages were outstanding with ample choices. This was an excellent experience with Delta and I will be happy to fly with them again in the future."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Singapore via Narita. Two wonderful flights proving American carriers can give equal or better service if they choose. Lounges, seats, staff, entertainment were all as close to perfect as it gets. Crews were different but very friendly and efficient on both legs. Bravo to Delta for picking up their game. They have won my loyalty."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Iron Mountain. My flight was cancelled and the Delta employee was amazingly patient and caring with figuring out the best route for each person on the cancelled flight. People were crying and upset but she held it together and did not get frustrated with anyone. She did an outstanding job and probably deserves to be paid way more than she is being paid. On the flight that I got switched to, all the staff were equally as helpful and patient. Delta hires good employees and this counts them as a trustworthy company in my opinion. If you have flight problems, Delta will take care of you well."
"Unverified | Little Rock to Flint. As a mother traveling with a 3 year old and 5 month old, I had a stroller and bags/carry on. The Delta staff was so helpful. Carried my bags to my seat. My connecting flight they moved my seat so I could have more room with the kids. I had flown other airlines recently instead of Delta. But after this experience I will be sticking with Delta from now on."
"Verified Review | May 11th 2017 DL1218, Atlanta to Los Angeles. Great service from three flight attendants who handled a medical emergency on board. Passenger behind me had a seizure and they were calm, listened to my direction (I'm a RN) and very professional. Thank you Delta Air Lines."
"Verified Review | Dublin to New York. Best airline I have used. Me and my friend got lost in Dublin airort and missed the flight - two persons from Delta was looking for us everywere but it was too late. Can't find right words to express our disappointment. However, we were ofered another flight to Amsterdam, then to New York. The staff was incredibly nice and polite. We didn't had to pay another flight. On the flight with blankets, free drinks and delicious food. Movies and music. And really very nice and friendly staff."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Orlando. I was positively surprised by Delta's staff good attitude, not common in US carriers. Flight departed on time, seat comfort was acceptable with standard First domestic class pitch. Plane was clean and flight attendants were alert to serve during the short flight between Cancun and Orlando."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Los Angeles with Delta. The flight was more then fine but what I am happy to say is the quality with which they handled a 12 hour delay due to a sick pilot which was no ones fault. Every passenger was efficiently issued vouchers for a room at a five star hotel, a round trip taxi and meal vouchers. In addition Medallion members received 10,000 extra miles. Everyone was gracious, kind and efficient. Kudos to Delta Honolulu for their actions."
"Unverified | Delayed flight and express baggage transfer Delayed due to weather led to a late departure giving a really tight transfer at Minneapolis for onwards flight to Amsterdam and connecting to Bristol. They had about 35 minutes to make my onward flight and luckily that was not an issue. Did not expect my checked bag to make it and geared up for a late delivery once I got back to the UK. To give all at Minneapolis full credit that checked bag arrived at AMS and finally at Bristol. A job well done."
"Verified Review | Flew Indianapolis to Salt Lake City via Atlanta. Got the ticket at the airport because Frontier cancelled the original flight unexpectedly. First time flying US domestic with Delta Air Lines. Although the service was not as good as the International service with Delta, it was similar to other US airlines. Complementary drinks and snacks such as pretzels and peanuts are provided throughout the trip. The domestic inflight entertainment system is the same as the international IFE. However, headphones are not complementary unlike international routes which is not a big problem if you bring your own. Overall, Delta is a good airline for your travel needs."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Phoenix. As a first time Delta flyer, I was nervous because of bad reviews I've seen. But in reality, the airline was great. From the gate person to the customer service, all was excellent. The only bad thing was that I got off with sore knees because economy is not very accommodating for anyone above 5 foot 6. So if you're above average height, you may want to save up for First Class for that extra leg room. But otherwise, Delta was great!"
"Verified Review | Panama City to Appleton via Atlanta. Flying with a lap child was convenient. The staff was attentive and very sweet on all legs of our trip. It would have been helpful to have in flight entertainment included in the price of the ticket on the MD88 like on the A319 however. The A319 had headrest television with multiple options for children, the MD88 had no entertainment and a fee of 16 dollars to allow use of wifi. It was a short flight, however and our child was entertained with toys and l looking out the window. There was preboarding for us on all flights and no extra fee for her to fly."
"Unverified | Orlando to Detroit. I never write reviews, but this time I am. I had the best experience with Delta airlines last Saturday. I was flying with my two young children, who are both afraid to fly like their mother. The seats on Delta were very comfortable, roomy, actually had leg room. Plane also came with your own personal tablet/tv with a great variety of videos and movies to watch. The pilot continuously kept us informed, as occasionally there was some turbulence. The stewards very humorous and friendly. My son said after, \"mom I like flying\". I was very impressed from the time I drop my luggage off all the way to picking it up. Delta was a little more expensive then the other flights, but worth it. Thank you, as you have no idea what anxieties we had after our last flight with a different company."
"Verified Review | Excellent transcon on DL1290 from Atlanta to San Francisco in first class on a refurbished B757. Flight departed on time and arrived about 10 minutes late. Weather was forecast to be turbulent but pilot altered course and altitude to provide a smooth ride. First class flight attendant was first class. Friendly, energetic, and a pleasure to fly with. Service was fast, food was decent, and glasses were refilled. Noticed that wine is now served from a full bottle, which is a nice upgrade. The B757, while an oldie, had a completely new cabin with in-seat power, personal TV screen, and wifi. The wifi didn't work well on all four segments of my trip. Not sure if it is Delta's receivers, traffic load, or the fact that Gogo doesn't support their connection app anymore, but it took over 45 minutes to connect on each flight. (Gogo was great on Virgin America the week before). Fast gate arrival and my baggage was on the carousel at SFO before I made it to the arrivals level. Baggage was priority tagged and handled accordingly, except they ripped off my luggage ID tag. From chocks down to exiting the SFO parking garage was 5 minutes tops. Delta continues to be my first choice for long hauls from SFO, even though a connection is usually required."
"Verified Review | Delta Air Lines from New York JFK to Honolulu. Perfect from start to finish. International lie flat seat, good food, excellent entertainment but mostly a warm and efficient staff. Flights to Hawaii are often on old aircraft with bad food and crabby attendants. This flight was a joy. I hope this seasonal service is extended to year round. Delta really gets this one right."
"Verified Review | Guatemala City to Montreal via Atlanta on 1st February. The first leg we were in first class. The steward who served us from Guatemala City to Atlanta (DL910) was excellent. One could not ask for better service. We would like to pass this on to him and add it to his file. The rest of the flights were okay."
"Verified Review | Washington to New York. Delta Air Lines a great for a short haul flight because they gave me what I expect. Although there was no food because it is only short haul I never felt bored. The seat was good and it has enough legroom. The cabin is clean and the flight attendant funny and very accommodating."
"Verified Review | New York to Buffalo return. On both flights, check-in and luggage drop-off at the airports were a breeze with hardly any need to queue. Several check-in desks were available. On my return flight, I reached the airport about 1.5 hours to departure and again, there was no need to queue. There were many kiosks available for self check-ins. Baggage drop-off and counter check-ins all took place at the counters. I appreciated the ease of joining a single queue that handled both check-in and baggage drop-off. The customer service person attended to my check-in baggage, tagged it, and brought it straight to the conveyor belt behind the counter, all in one station. This was so much easier compared to another US airline I flew with last year, also out from JFK, where I had to join 3 separate queues at 3 separate stations: one for check-in, then another one to have my luggage weighed and tagged, and a third station to drop off my baggage. The areas surrounding these 3 stations were, needless to say, crowded. chaotic and messy. For the passengers, I cannot imagine it being a superior experience than having one station that handles everything from check-ins to luggage drop-off. Boarding for both flights were orderly and according to frequent flyer status, premium or economy seats and zones. The planes were small and did not have a lot of storage space was available but the airline allows passengers to place their larger hand carry bags at the aero bridge prior to boarding which were then brought by handlers to be loaded in the cargo hold. On the out-going flight, free pretzels, cookies or peanuts were offered to passengers in economy with free drinking water. On the return flight, there were free pretzels or cookies with free water, tea, coffee and I believe soft drinks too. The captains made announcements at the beginning of each flight on the traffic at the airport and the expected take off time. The outgoing flight was on time but the return flight experienced a 20 mins delays. Passengers were able to access entertainment programmes like movies, sticoms, etc, through their own devices by logging into Delta Studio using the wifi onboard. The access to the entertainment programme which had a good selection of American and foreign movies is free. This was my first short haul experience with Delta. I experienced a Europe-US flight with Delta last year on A KLM ticket which was a good one. I would definitely consider flying with Delta again if the ticket price is competitive."
"Verified Review | Denver to London return via Detroit outbound, and Minneapolis on return. Delta provided punctual flights, comfortable seats, acceptable food, and good cabin service. This review pertains only to the Detroit to London return flights. Delta Comfort seats had excellent legroom (I'm 6'3\") and width (weight 160) and cushioning. We sat in seats 17A/B both routes. In-flight entertainment was OK, but I prefer to watch iPad or do crosswords. Sleep was possible with the recline and own neck pillow, but it was fitful because I dislike sleeping sitting up. Cabin service impressed me. We received two meals, a snack, and at least three beverage rounds (drinks, coffee/tea, juice). Cabin crew were attentive and conscientious. We have flown British Airways and American Airlines internationally on this same route previously and were not impressed. Delta wins. I might add that the Detroit airport was great. We landed about 8:30pm and our flight departed 10pm. Very few people were in the terminal, but most shops were open for water, snacks, etc. It's a modern place."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Portland, Oregon with Delta Air Lines. First, my ticket said terminal 4, even though the departing terminal was terminal 2. Check-in was fine. Boarding Counter people were excellent. Plane was very clean, IFE was responsive. Flight Attendants were kind and helpful, and I especially love their new uniforms. Seat was nice, declined to 160 degrees, and was very cushioned. Steak and mashed potatoes with garlicky greens were better than delicious. For dessert, I had Italian ice in a plastic cup. All in all, very comfortable, very good flight. I recommend Delta Airlines."
"Verified Review | Over Christmas time I had flown 5 sectors on Delta. La Guardia to Winnipeg via Minneapolis, returning to San Francisco via Minneapolis, and then San Francisco to New York JFK. 4 out of 5 flights were on time, with even earlier arrival, one flight as delayed by 40 min, but we were advised by the delay. Excellent service at check-in, gate and on board. Cabin crew were attentive and drinks and snacks were served several time during flights. Good entertainment system onboard the longer flights from MSP to SFO and from SFO to JFK. Bags were delivered on the baggage belt in good amount of time. Will certainly fly with Delta again and recommend that other will do that as well."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Madrid via Atlanta. The flight from DFW to ATL boarded on time, the staff was very friendly with everyone. We got drink and snacks. Once we arrived at Atlanta I had to transfer to the international gates. The flight was pretty full the staff on this flight was outstanding, they started serving the drinks quickly then came out the food right after that. Overall a very smooth flight and they staff were very on point with keeping the drinks flowing to everyone."
"Verified Review | Flew from Amsterdam to Boston. Most Delta aircraft are aged but nicely refitted. The IFE is nice but movie selection and variety I have experienced better. In the aircraft's we have flown there were no power sockets. Attendants not the most courteous I have seen. Overall the price was excellent and seats were comfortable so the airline is worth it as partnering with Skyteam offers excellent flight combinations with partners airlines to and from USA."
"Verified Review | Stuttgart to Atlanta. Delta Air Lines messaged early morning about a flight delay which was appreciated. Flight had been oversold and when checking in online I was offered the opportunity to volunteer. Flight was completely full including a large bulldog used as a \"comfort dog.\" Cabin crew was somewhat senior but gracious, in the aisles to assist passengers as they boarded. Service began quickly and the welcoming attitudes continued with flight attendants engaging with passengers as services were offered. While there is nothing specific to tag as having made the flight good, it just was. Everything - food, entertainment, staff availability, even the seat - was comfortable. Delta economy class service outshines their SkyTeam partners and this flight was a perfect example."
"Verified Review | I wanted to take the time to recognize the Delta Staff that helped in making the start of my vacation an absolute dream! As a Stage 4 Breast Cancer patient they literally made the start of 2017, a start I will not forget! On January 2nd my friends and I were set to board a Delta flight from Chicago to Paris where we had a layover before getting to Dublin. I made Delta aware two months prior that I needed an accommodation made to have a seat in Bulk as I had just finished chemo in September and my oncologist wanted me up moving and stretching throughout the flight. Unfortunately, upon arriving to check in, I noticed that this hadn't been done, but explained my situation to them and they kindly placed me in an appropriate seat. Prior to boarding my name was called and they had decided to move me into business class. In addition when they found out I was flying with friends they moved their seats up to premium economy, so that I would be able to easily be able to walk up and down the aisles and talk with them. Throughout the flight the staff checked on me and my friends as well. Delta Airlines has a Breast Cancer Research Foundation and this is the first time that I've actually seen a company represent the Pink Ribbon so well! The staff didn't have to care about my situation or consider my friends in the mix, but they did and the fact that they made this flight what it was to me, means absolutely everything!"
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Salt Lake City. A very good flight with the attendants being very attentive. Food was as per airline food. Seats were a bit tired but for economy, but reasonable room. The screen for movies etc was not very responsive. Having said that, it was way better than American Airlines whom we flew to Salt Lake last year via Chicago."
"Verified Review | DL1598, Dec 25 I was traveling for the holidays with my husband from Seattle to Atlanta and we were in row 14 seats A&B. I started to not feel well from a cold and I had asked the steward if I may please have a tissue or napkin. He promptly replied that there were tissues in the bathroom. I said, Sir I know but I don't want to have to wake the women sleeping next to me and I really didn't feel well enough to get up and walk around at the moment. He repeated his statement about the tissues in the bathroom and walked away. This was the general attitude if we requested other things such as headphones we offered to buy for $2 (which they said was the price) but they never came back. My family has worked for Delta for 20 years and I have always favored this airline but as a paying customer traveling with my family this year this was a flight that certainly lacked respect and customer service which was incredibly disappointing."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Boise via Salt Lake City. I had an excellent experience with Delta. Easy boarding, staff were helpful, the plane was newly renovated and had one of the best in-flight entertainment systems I had used recently. I really enjoyed my trip, and the Delta staff went above and beyond as far as I was concerned."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Atlanta in First Class on a B737-900ER. Delta provides its domestic First Class passengers with premium lane privileges at security but not the use of its lounge. The aircraft was quite new and the cabin was in good condition. Seats had enough width but limited incline, as is the norm on most US domestic carriers. Each seat was fitted with an interactive monitor that was responsive and state-of-the-art. On-board service was friendly and efficient, and the food served better than average. The in-flight wifi service through gogo was $33 for the duration of the flight, which is ridiculous, but I still bought it. The lavatory was unusually small and given that this pane was just 2.6 years old, I wonder why they had to make it this uncomfortable. On the whole, a comfortable flight."
"Verified Review | Was due to fly from Asheville to St Louis via Atlanta. Kudos to ground staff of Delta Flight 5226 for working hard to get passengers revised flights after a delay. Staff were courteous, professional, patient, and went above and beyond to assist passengers. Thanks for the extra snacks and smiles. Delta folks in Asheville NC are top- notch."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to San Jose return on Delta Air Lines. Both sectors were operated by refitted neat and clean Boeing 757-200. Check in fast and friendly. LAX Delta Club not bad. However, DL provides no lounge for business pax in SJO. Both flights on time. Fantastic professional and friendly crew on board. They could not do enough for pax. IFE was excellent. The only criticism was the food. However, have had worse. Baggage was out fast in LAX and SJO. Price paid was competitive and worth every bit."
"Verified Review | Cedar Rapids to Grand Forks via Minneapolis. This is just a little kudos to the two Delta employees working in Minneapolis, gate A2. They created such an atmosphere of teamwork and positive attitude that I saw it spill put amongst the passengers. Real laughter, helping people, and I am impressed. Keep it up!"
"Verified Review | I planed a trip to Las Vegas and started searching for flights, most important for me was the flight time. It was my first time flying Delta and I and the rest of my family were positively surprised. Beginning from the ground service to the cabin I was impressed, the only thing I could say is that they could do with slightly better seats in economy class. Another thing I would like to point out is the ground service - lost and found items and damaged luggage. Unfortunately it happened to me that we lost important documents and my luggage was damaged. Delta contacted me right after we landed informing us that they found our documents and money. In terms of my damaged luggage, I made a claim, Delta responded in minutes, with a very professional service, returning the whole cost."
"Verified Review | Washington DC to Houston via Atlanta. Delayed start at Washington DC due to technical snag. but Delta let the passengers out of aircraft into terminal and provided refreshments. Due to about 90 mins delayed departure, my connecting flight to Houston missed, but was pleasantly surprised upon landing they were prepared to lodge us overnight and give the next day connecting flight with an apology. Liked the overnight stay in Atlanta in Holiday Inn, following day was promptly picked up from hotel to airport. Overall satisfied with Delta hospitality and sensitivity."
"Verified Review | Zurich to New York JFK. The travel went without a problem from the check-in to getting our luggage. I appreciate the level of consistency in the service. All personnel were professional and efficient. Airplane was clean and comfortable. Food and beverages were better than average and more than sufficient. The flight attendants were attentive and the pilots kept us informed. This is the standard I expect from Delta and I am rarely disappointed."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Kona with Delta. This was a good flight with one bizarre and inappropriate exception. First, the positive. Great friendly efficient staff on the ground and inflight. The overhead bins are the largest i've ever seen and for the first time ever in Hawaii the priority tagged luggage arrived first and in record time. In addition, the Kona ground staff were at luggage claim offering bottled water. Here's the bizarre twist. The first class meal offered was a cold processed sandwich with 3 slices of apple and a Saran wrapped cookie. The wonderful cabin crew was embarrassed and had no idea or explanation. I have flown this flight at least 20 times in the last few years and a hot meal was always offered. This is a 5 hour flight with a 5pm departure in a first class cabin. In addition for a while now Delta has been the only carrier offering wi-Fi between the mainland and Hawaii. Although the aircraft was equipped the service was not available. Again, the flight attendants were as mystified as myself. I thought the new aircraft was an upgrade from the 757?"
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Los Angeles with Delta in the Premium cabin. Of the old legacy carriers only Delta provides real service. On this internationally configured aircraft I was lucky to have private comfortable space and a lie flat seat. The meal was fine, the entertainment very good and the staff on the ground and in the air were amazing. Friendly, efficient and caring in the old school way. Miles ahead of UA and AA on the same and any route."
"Verified Review | Our family of four flew from Toronto to Philadelphia via Detroit in Nov 2016, and back again on the same segments. I believe it is the first time we've flown Delta, and we were impressed despite a few hiccups: In general the staff were professional and personable, there seemed to be a real priority on leaving/arriving on time, ground services were able to move passengers onto the plane in good time despite the challenges. Appreciated the free onboard movies and being able to download the gogo app real-time to play the movie, did not use Wi-Fi for Internet access. We got a super deal for this fare. Toronto to Detroit a smaller plane - we were all seated apart from each other, which was not optimal but we knew check-in seat assignment was a condition of the fare we purchased (just didn't realize it could be at the gate) - apparently our names were called at the gate but we did not hear the announcement, and by the time we got to the desk, these were the best seats we could get - one of my children is 10 years old, so I think the system should aim to seat a parent with a child that age or younger - seat assignments at the gate are a bit frustrating, you're in 1 line with a mix of customer issues which take a little to a lot of time to resolve - I stood in line for about 15 minutes only to be told that I would have to wait until my name was called - I was seated in a window seat, in row of two seats. When an obese passenger sat down beside me, I felt very squished (the passenger took ~ 1.5 seats) and I knew (being somewhat claustrophobic) that flying for an hour would not be a tolerable situation - I requested and was granted a seat change to a spare seat so that issue was resolved. However, I think Delta should have given this passenger two seats, it was unfair for both of us, and I'm not sure how the issue would have been resolved had there not been a spare empty seat. - flight was smooth and on time - we were very impressed Detroit to Philly - larger plane, we were able to check-in online and get these seat assignments then, we were all seated together, flight was on time - the landing was a bit hard. Return from Philly to Detroit we were unable to check-in online for some reason, and the error message said we should speak with a Special Services agent at the airport for check-in. It was strange, unlike the online check-in process Toronto-Philly, where I was able to check all four of us in, this time the system separated the two adults, and each child into a separate party - ie. we received three email notifications to check-in separately (which didn't work and we could not check-in online) - we had to speak with a Special Services agent, who was able to seat two of us together (adjacent aisle seats) and the other two in separate areas of the plane. Flight was smooth and on time, they were overbooked (probably due to the previous flight issue) but this issue was resolved. Detroit to Toronto there wasn't enough room to accommodate everyone at the gate area (I believe a previous flight had been cancelled) -the gate was small, seemed more like a hallway. The agent in Philly was able to seat 3 of us, we had to get 1 seat assigned at the gate - flight was delayed because there was a problem closing the cargo door - other than that the flight was smooth, great landing."
"I fly the Europe-Chicago route once to twice a year. I often fly AF-KLM and Delta was a very good surprise! I flew Delta on 23 October and my seat was 29F. Check in was fast since I was connecting in Amsterdam from a flight from Brussels. The aircraft was a 767 in a 2-3-2 layout. The pitch was average in the 31-32 inches and seats ok for economy. What came as a very good surprise was the meal and beverage service. We had a choice of 3 different dinners (one being vegetarian) and they came with an entrée, salad, cheese and dessert. We had a mid-flight snack in a small box and a pre-arrival sandwich. We also had ice cream. Beverages were served often and each was given a bottle of water. Coffee was good and wine and beer was complimentary. I beleive this was of my best economy class flights ever, better than Air France for sure. On the outbound flight, I had seat 10c on the Detroit-Amsterdam in an A330. Great legroom and worth the money. The ticket cost me €460 return and that inlcudes Comfort class from DTW to Amsterdam @ €89 one way. You can't find cheaper for Bru-Amst-MSP-Chicago-DTW-Ams-Brussels, and luggage was on time and no complain with my 15 kilo carry on either. Great experience and very kind staff."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Atlanta. Thank you Delta for your patience and understanding during our flight today. My son had a panic attack regarding flying and the flight attendants went out of their way to try to calm him for the remaining of the flight. They offered food, drinks, and headphones to calm him. They continued to check on us and was very patient. I can't thank you enough."
"Verified Review | I have been so impressed with Delta on our flight from Rome to Detroit, the inflight staff were awesome. They remembered the drinks we typically order, they actually smiled at us. The food was pretty decent as far as flight meals go. And on our long flights they kept us well hydrated and well fed. Finally, when we needed to ask questions at the ticket counter, the staff was very kind and helpful. I did not feel like I was putting them out when I had questions. Thanks very much Delta. We will definitely fly with you again!"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tucson with Delta. Awesome! We missed our 11:55am flight. Delta rebooked 3 of us on the 5pm flight with 1 more in our party on that flight provisionally. The other 2 in our party booked on the 8:30pm flight, with the option of asking for standby on the 5pm flight. We all got on the 5 pm flight, sitting in the last 2 rows, perfect for traveling with 2 kids, Not only that, but the flight attendant was absolutely super - got wings for the 3 year old and got him a visit to the cockpit when we landed. Kudos Delta."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Grand Cayman Island. I had flown 16 hours and had gone more than 2 days without sleep before getting on this last leg. Onboard I requested the flight attendant for warm water and she asked if I were alright and when I told her what I was going through she gave me a glass of ginger ale which worked instantly. What I love about Delta is just how cheerful their cabin staff were, going out of their way to make passengers happy."
"Verified Review | Flew from Los Angeles to Atlanta. I get to the Delta terminal at LA after a somewhat 11-hour flight, the self-check-in was easy and the staff were helpful, I dropped the baggage, the lady serving the counter was really helpful and the baggage drop itself was efficient. I went through TSA and into the terminal. The Delta terminal at LA would be an insult to 3rd world airports because there is absolutely nothing going on there. Unlike the competing American carrier's terminal where there is always music playing and all duty-free on one side, and all planes on the other so passengers can watch planes come and go, it kind of already made me hate the airline. The boarding was pretty efficient, and the cabin crew was the highlight of the experience. This was a red eye flight, and despite that the FA's kept making rounds of the cabin offering water, drinks, and snacks. In addition to that, they went out of their way to shuffle baggage in the cabin to make space without having to check them in. The flight on the plus side arrived 45 minutes early and I couldn't have been happier. The seat was really uncomfortable, and IFE was decent, but you have to press really hard to get it to respond. Other than that, I will fly Delta again in the future."
"I purchased first class tickets for a Delta Air Lines flight from New York JFK to Rapid City with a layover in Minneapolis . Then I get email that they changed equipment to an all economy flight from Minneapolis to Rapid city. Now for the first flight on October 4 at 11:40 am, the A319 was wonderful, the staff was available offering drinks. The meal that I had ordered was grilled chicken with a barley salad that included dried cranberries and walnuts, excellent meal. My husband had the sliders with fruit salad and potato salad, and said that it too was excellent. The movies were abundant and a wide variety. No complaints whatsoever. Now for the flight out of Minneapolis on the CRJ, the overhead couldn't hold a carry on bag with wheels. Unbelievably tiny, the seats were in good condition, but I was so unconfortable. They should retire these planes or make the overhead bins larger because my carry on fits in every overhead. When we arrived in Rapid city, our bag was the first to come out. I'll let you know if the return flight is as good. Just make sure for a CRJ flight, your carry on is small otherwise, check it in, that's why I gave this a 9 out of 10."
"San Francisco to Atlanta. I flew in for the birth of my grandson and after his birth there were complications and I had purchased a non changeable, non refundable ticket , but I called the airline to change the ticket and I was surprised when the supervisor said she could help. She managed to get my flight date and the city changed. She was very helpful and very pleasant. Delta personnel were very helpful and understanding. Thank you for excellent customer service."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Cincinatti with Delta. We were coming home after a cruise and our original flights were FLL to ATL to CVG. We were able to come to the airport earlier than we thought and went to check in at 12:05 for a 3pm flight. However, the lady at the counter said if we want to we could go in a direct flight to CVG that leaves at 12:30pm. We said sure and she printed new tickets for all 5 of us direct to CVG from FLL. We barely made it to the gate after going through TSA etc. We arrived in CVG before 3pm (even earlier than we were supposed to leave from FLL). So, I want to commend the quick thinking of the staff who was at the check-in counter at FLL. Also, during the flight to CVG we were given fruits and drinks, not once but twice. Much better service than even west to east coast flight on any domestic airline (economy)."
"Indianapolis to Rome return via Atlanta and Detroit. We flew first on the domestic segments and Delta One on the transatlantic segments. The flights were on time, the planes were clean with new interiors. The best thing about this trip was the service provided by all the flight attendants. It couldn't have been better. The attendants were all simply outstanding."
"After having a terrible experience with Alitalia going to Italy, it was so nice to get the service you pay for with Delta. We flew Venice to New York JFK. Left on time and arrived 40 minutes early which was nice because customs is a nightmare in NY. The service was wonderful. They constantly fed us and passed around with beverages. The A/C was just right. Alitalia it was so cold I felt like a piece of meat in a freezer. There seemed to be more room on the Boeing than the Airbus. Flight was good but the entertainment system was not working that well on our flight. But anyway that is the least of your worries when you are flying for 8 hours. It's all about being taken care of and flight attendants not having a nasty attitude. I would fly Delta again."
"Six segments with Delta Air Lines (one KLM codeshare in Europe), five were on time or early and the last was unavoidably delayed due to fog. Overall a good experience. I found the A330 business class seat to be extremely comfortable. Great for reading, screen time and for napping. AVOD was satisfying, movies included some classics, some new releases and a nice selection of non-US films with subtitles. Good mellow-music channel too. The ground and inflight staff were competent, efficient and a pleasure to deal with, which is my usual experience with Delta personnel. I am not a foodie, but I was not impressed with the catering. Perhaps too high expectations, given all the hype about celebrity chefs and the fancy menu. The first courses (starters, soups, salads) were great, the entrees were barely OK. Likewise the desserts. Wines were good. KLM from AMS to MAD first class is economy three-across seating with nobody seated in the middle, and it probably has some extra leg room. Food was good though."
"It was a bit of a hipcup at Heathrow as we were travelling to New York via Amsterdam and only after we checked in our luggage and were in the departure lounge we were notified that we were transfered to a direct flight. Wrong information was given to us as when we arrive to transfer point to have our new boarding passes that the flight was closed. The staff in the transfer were helpful and staff at the gate was brilliant, although I gave them hell (sorry) they were very helpul and corteous. We were notified prior taking off that the luggage will not be on board. Flight service was excellent. They were very apologetic all the way through and dome their best to none to put things right. Despite the initial impression I will fly Delta again. Comfortable seats and spacious. Great inflight entertaintment."
"Flew Delta from Detroit to Munich. Overall a good flight, the 767 has seen better days and its age shows with the AVOD system being very slow. Selection of movies was good and kept me reasonable entertained. The flight departed on time and arrived early, staff were friendly throughout the flight and came around often with drinks. The food served tasted good, the small snack that served as breakfast was ok but since they ran out of water they couldn't serve any coffee. Seat lacked padding and at the end of the flight my back paid the price."
"Purchasing ticket with Delta worked out cheaper then booking with Virgin. Flight with Virgin to and from Atlanta was very good. Delta flies MD90 from Atlanta to Daytona Beach, as a pilot in a previous life I found that very nostalgic and had to take a few pictures of this old bird. Ground staff at Atlanta all friendly and helpful. Last minute change of gate handled well and all passengers cheerful. Cabin crew worked hard on this 1hr flight. Landed on time. Will fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Philadelphia via Atlanta with Delta for business and here are my observations. Aircraft retrofitted and new and clean. Crew were friendly and gave good eye contact. Ground crew were also so kind and went out of their way to help us. All flights were on time - I was very impressed with Delta."
"Verified Review | Early flight from San Diego to Detroit was full. Flight departed a few minutes late but arrived early into DTW. Flight crew were friendly and came around frequently to sell food and beverages, although in this instance I didn't purchase anything. Plane was clean and the AVOD system was new with a wide range of movies. The seat offered plenty room even for economy. Only thing I can't understand, is that why after boarding the premium and loyalty passengers, they choose to go from front to back."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Salt Lake City. I was impressed by the staff on this flight. I had one passenger behind me having a serious panic attack. The flight attendants did everything to comfort her and help her in any way possible. The passenger sitting in front of her ( next to me) spoke rudely and disrepectfully about the poor lady having the panick attack only adding to the situation. The flight attendants asked politely for the women in front to move her seat forward in exchange for complimentary drinks the rest of the flight. To help the women feel more comfortable having the panic attack. The lady flat refused loudly and rudely. During all of this. As if they didnt have their hands full they had 3 different people who repetitively pressed the assistance button to demand alcholic beverages. One group pressed the button non stop for 5 minutes until they where helped. The flight attendant apologized and made them aware of the situation. So I applaud the flight attendants on this flight. I would never wish a group of customers like that on anyone."
"Verified Review | Munich to San Diego via Detroit. After reading all the reviews I had set the bar very low. As it turns out flying with them was painless. Seats were comfortable, although the domestic leg offered more leg room and a newer entertainment system than international. The staff although older than most carriers I've flown were friendly and professional. Selection of shows to watch was extensive with a very wide range to please most tastes. The only real down sides is that the touch screens on the 767 old and didn't respond that well. The other being the cold cabin on the international legs. The food offered was quite good. As far as the punctuality goes all flights left on time and arrived early."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Hong Kong with Delta. A very nice flight. Ground staff helped me to check in as the self-service kiosk couldn't cope with me taking a one-way flight, so got checked in super quick. Adequate and reasonable food. Plenty of alcohol. The FA just said started pouring the wine and said, 'You tell me when to stop'. Frequent offers of water throughout the flight. Plenty of movies to watch on the IFE. Good earphones. Polite FA's on the whole. Amenities kit provided. Flight left on time. No complaints at all."
"Verified Review | Flew from Vancouver to Washington DC via Minneapolis. I'm in shock. Although the A320 on this three hour flight is 18 years old the interior is completely refurbished, including panels and overhead bins. The seats are new and very comfy. Every seat has a power outlet. Even the lavatories are completely refurbished. Then came the meal. Glass glasses. Nicely patterned table cloth. Bamboo looking non-slip trays. Copious amounts of delicious food presented in an elegant way. Great red wine. Wonderful service. Add to that the great onboard free streamed entertainment system titled Online Delta Studio, which you can access on any of your devices, and an internet connection that actually works. I'm so impressed with Delta right now for this is an airline I despised, and rightfully so, for having some of the worse onboard experiences. But if they can maintain this experience and keep it consistent throughout all their flights, I'm ready to convert. An actual 5-star experience on one of the US legacy airlines. Never thought I’d witness the day."
"Verified Review | Raleigh–Durham to Brussels via New York JFK with Delta. I had an great experience, particularly on the JFK to Brussels flight. The cabin staff, and especially the staff who served my meals, provided excellent care and was very attentive. It made my whole flight very enjoyable. I will definitely fly Delta again."
"Las Vegas to Orlanda via Atlanta - we were supposed to be on Delta flight 1450. I want to commend some of Delta's excellent employees. We were notified on our way to LAS via Delta phone app that our flight had been cancelled. We were pretty distraught, as we had been re-booked for a 6 am flight and were hoping to fly out that night and not have to stay in Vegas. I called the number for Delta and talked to a helpful agent who was able to get us on stand-by for the 1:00am flight, since our previous, 12:45am flight had been cancelled. When we got to baggage check-in, the staff made sure that we could get on the flight without being on standby. The flight left late however, so we did not make our connecting flight in Atlanta. They were able to get us on the next flight and we were still in Orlando about the same time we would've been had we made the cancelled flight."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Atlanta. Had a problem with my upgrade not showing on ticket. When I arrived at the counter to pre-check my bag, the staff was not only polite he had a smile on his face the entire time. That's a simple thing that is too often forgotten. But can make my choice of doing business with Delta a continuous success."
"Albuquerque to Seattle via Salt Lake City. Good flights, Boarding passes printed improperly so the TSA pre-check scanner could not scan them causing us to go through the normal line, which would be fine, except we tried to do pre-check in the first place. Time waste was 20 min due to TSA's confusion. Flight was good, Salt Lake was packed with people and incredibly uncomfortable. was a breeze, except for the traffic."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to San Salvador with Delta (Flight 729). The flight was onboard the newly retrofitted B757-200. The aircraft cabin was amazing. The seats were all new and clean, the mood lighting the overhead bins made the cabin look much more open and inviting. The flight crew was very helpful. All the flight attendants spoke Spanish and they assisted elderly and young passengers. The flight departed a couple minutes prior to scheduled and the captain kept everyone informed about the flight. Once airborne the flight attendants served us a sandwich, pretzels, cookies, and a snack size snickers with a beverage. This was good since the flight was a short international flight. Onboard every passenger also had access to inflight entertainment. The seats where more comfortable compared to the older B757s. Overall the Delta Air Lines experience has upgraded and was exceptional."
"Verified Review | Excellent service flying Delta domestic first class from Minneapolis to Omaha and flight landed early. Comfortable newer seats with the snappy red lined blue leather seats. Plenty of overhead space for my luggage. I am mid or top tier on three airlines in the US and travel multiples times a week for both business and leisure, so I feel I have a reasonable context from which to rate each experience."
"Really happy with our Delta flights. Flew from Dublin to Atlanta on a A330-300 which was comfortable and had adequate leg room (I'm 6ft 1). Drinks were served 4 times and we were served food 3 times. The cabin staff were more mature and I always find they are a little more professional. A smooth on time arrival and we waited 3 hrs for our connection to Orlando. For the second flight we flew on a brand new A321 aircraft, the captain telling everyone it was the second day in service. The seats were very comfortable in Economy class and even when the person in front reclines you lose very little space with the way these new seats recline. The flight was only 85 minutes and it was turbulent for most of the flight which caused the staff to stop serving drinks before getting to us. No big deal and we landed safely in Orlando MCO for a 25 day holiday. All good for Delta Air Lines from us and we enjoyed the same quality service on our return journey."
"Baltimore Washington to Atlanta. My first experience travelling on Delta Air Lines was very satisfying. I was going with hand luggage only therefore the check-in process worked perfect. Delta's Premium Economy are stylish as well as comfortable. Wifi is offered. No in seat screens but Delta Air Lines is offering entertainment via your own device - was working good. Crew on board was friendly and funny. My rating 7 out of 10 is only based on the very old aircraft!"
"Los Angeles to Sydney in Business class. Liked the Delta One Kerb entrance at LAX T5. Staff theree organised by boarding pass for SYD-MEL on Virgin Australia. while I had cold glass of orange juice in their 'lounge'. Whisked through security with a minimum of fuss and went upstairs to the lounge. That was modern and spacious with enough variety in the beers, spirits and wines. Lounge had shower facilities, Wifi was very fast. However, the food on offer is far below what is available in the lounges in the TBIT. Boarded about 20 minutes late then sat for an eternity before takeoff. Left LAX an hour late which we did not catch up on the 14 hour flight which was probably due to head winds. Meal after takeoff was poor so I left it and went to sleep. Lie flat beds are ok, if a little narrow. Pyjamas, two pillows and a great duna provided me with the creature comforts and enabled me to sleep for ten hours. I had seat 9A which was tucked away in the back of the first section. It seemed to be more private than the other seats. As mentioned in my earlier review, I am not a fan of the reverse herringbone layout. I'd prefer either herringbone or the more traditional forward seating. Breakfast was just OK. Overall, the whole experience was adequate but nowhere near outstanding."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Omaha via Minneapolis with Delta in First. Newly redone seats. Excellent service. A drink before we even departed. I am mid or top tier on 3 airlines in the US and travel multiples times a week for both business and leisure, so I feel I have a reasonable context from which to rate each experience."
"Salt Lake City to Atlanta with Delta. Very friendly and good service. My only complaint would be that the FA in First Class rarely cracked a smile when addressing passengers. However, he was friendly and constantly walked around to see if the passengers needed anything. This Boeing 737-9 was absolutely beautiful with a first rate inflight entertainment. The gate agent did announce that it was one of Delta's newer planes. It looked brand new. Of the major carriers in the US I would rate Delta \"ahead of the pack\". The flight departed and arrived on time."
"Verified Review | A bit of a late start due to mechanical, arrived on time with Delta Air Lines. Update announcements could have been more frequent. Decent amount of leg room for a small plane. Pleasant efficient cabin service. Short flight from Chicago to Cincinnati. Similar to other airlines with C700 equipment. I am mid or top tier on three airlines in the US and travel multiples times a week for both business and leisure, so I feel I have a reasonable context from which to rate each experience."
"Delta in my opinion, is the best american airline to fly transatlantic flights. Had a very cheap ticket for my vacation to Italy. On the first leg, I was seated in the very last row, and there was no window where I was sitting. The plane was very full, so I was not moved. The crew were nice and gave me extra snacks and drinks and apologized for the bad seat. The seats were rather uncomfortable, but they were tolerable for the flight time. Best part about the first leg was the IFE. Delta has free streaming from your device, so I was occupied during my entire flight. At JFK, we had a very short connection, of only 51 minutes, but the previous flight arrived 20 minutes early and the international flight left 20 minutes late, so we had plenty of time. Delta terminal at JFK, terminal 4, is nothing special, and lacks food options. The last leg, going to Pisa, was very good. The 757-200 is very good to fly transatlantic routes, and it had a new interior with mood lighting, IFE, and extremely comfortable seats. The touchscreen were very fast and responsive, with plenty of movies and other options. Dinner and drinks came out right away, and the options, the classic chicken or pasta, of which I chose chicken, was very good. Plenty of food and drinks to keep me satisfied throughout the 7 hour flight. I slept for 4 hours, which is a lot for me, I usually don't sleep on planes, but the seats were extremely comfortable. All the seats had USB and AC power, so I kept all my devices charged and ready for taking pictures. Flight arrived 20 minutes early, and all my baggage arrived, so I was very satisfied with this flight, much better experience than what can be found on American or United. Will definitely fly Delta and this route again."
"Verified Review | Wilmington to Portland (Maine) via La Guardia. Delta seems to be using a bait and switch booking for their flights. I booked this trip for my 90 year old parent and this is how she was treated. First early morning flight was canceled, no warning after she was already at the airport. Delta rebooked for the next morning. The next morning, the rebooked flight was canceled, again she was at the airport before they announced it. Delta rerouted her through multiple airports. It took another 12 hours to get to destination, so lost a full day and a half of vacation, plus the exhaustion and cost of multiple cab trips to and from the airport. Flight home, checked flight and said on time, got to airport - flight was canceled. Delta rebooked through another route. Got to second leg and connecting flight is canceled, so she is sitting at midnight in the airport, waiting again, exhausted. This makes 100% of Delta flights I booked, canceled after getting to the airport. ."
"Sydney to Los Angeles with Delta. Although each seat in business class has aisle access, the reverse herringbone seating is a bid off to me. I like to look out of the window but with the reverse herringbone layout, it is difficult. I'd like to see each window seat pointing towards rather than away from the window. Service was good. Food good, cheese and crackers was great. Entertainment options were very limited. Movie choices, television shows and music album choices were all disappointing. Seat was comfortable but a little narrow. Not much in the way of storage space. My phone went flat over the 13 hour flight when plugged into the USB port. I'd give Delta a 7/10 on this flight. Not bad but nowhere near as classy as the likes of Singapore, Cathay Pacific, Lufthansa, Asiana, etc."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Diego to Atlanta nonstop and had an overall good experience with Delta. Flight was delayed slightly (less than an hour) after boarding, but the captain was diligent in relaying the delay and reason for delay. Captain also relayed information about storm systems over Texas upon takeoff. Due to the storm, seat belt signs were on for a long time, but this was understandable. I booked online, and my assigned seat only changed when they switched aircraft sizes well before the actual departure date. Crew offered snacks/drinks two or three times during the 4 hour flight. We landed appx. 15 minutes late. I only had a carry-on so I have no knowledge of checked baggage for this particular flight."
"Sacramento to Washington National with Delta. I log 40-60k miles a year with DL, not tons but not nothing using several classes (upgrades to F, Y+, Y). While far from perfect, they are the better of the legacy US carriers. On the positive side they seem to be pretty consistently on time, or close enough. I've had tight connections in hubs and never a problem, even though I've had to sprint on occasion. SLC is best, then MSP, DTW. ATL is spotty, LAX is definitely a problem spot. The cabin crew is far, far better on the whole than United. Much more professional and caring, usually well put together. While it's impossible to use miles (like all carriers it seems), they offer decent perks for status. On the negative side, they change their schedule all the time. Like, weekly, but tend to firm up about 10 days out (so more planning than execution). It can be problematic when your tickets come from a company travel service, since you'll need to go through them to re-accommodate. Skyteam coordination is hit-and-miss. Seamless with KLM, pretty good with AF, disastrous with AZ, inexistent with CZ."
"Travelled recently on Delta to Paris CDG, opting for the EWR flight as the time was more convenient than the earlier departure from JFK (I was using Delta Sky Miles for this segment). The Delta \"rotunda\" at EWR is actually a near-pleasant experience. For one, the departure time, just after 9pm, means its the last Delta departure out of EWR for the day and the entire security experience to gate was hassle free. The Amsterdam flight departs much earlier, at 6.30pm. The boarding area is standard Delta fare. There is a small Duty Free shop, some relatively tidy bathrooms, and one sports bar in the long corridor that leads to the gates. Boarding was chaotic (flight was full) and plenty of additional passport checks were conducted at the gate. Flight push back was delayed 35-40 minutes due to a Sofia bound passenger that didn't board, and the luggage had to be removed from the hold. The plane was a 1991-build 767-300ER, which once flew for Gulf Air. Delta has done a nice job of renovating the interiors and even Economy Class was decent. AVOD was great as was the USB port to charge your phone. Meal service was nothing spectacular, but did the job for what is a 6 hour 30 minute flight. Cabin crew were efficient, relatively friendly. Plane was in great condition. Arrived 25 minutes late and was on the curb within 15 minutes. CDG is an awful airport but for a point to point flight, it works."
"Excellent and friendly service by the gate agent and flight attendants. My wife and I were greeted by name by the gate agent as we boarded. The FAs called us by name and constantly walked around to see if we needed anything. I would rate the food as above average. The fight departed Atlanta and landed on-time in Salt Lake City. Our luggage was delivered timely. The pilots kept the passengers informed during the flight. I would certainly rate Delta Air Lines higher than their competition."
"Verified Review | Denver to Manchester via New York JFK. Delta offer no lounge facility at Denver and nor do they offer any vouchers or other compensation for this - Not good enough. The airline brags a lot about its ability to stick to schedule and pulls one or two tricks to achieve this. We pulled back from the gate within a couple of minutes of schedule but then sat around for an age prior to taxiing. On time departure is calculated from pull back from gate, even if you go only a few feet. Service on board both sectors was excellent with very pleasant and efficient crew. Food offerings on both flights were very good and beverages were frequently offered. Denver to JFK was a midday flight and JFK to Manchester an overnight. Service on both flights was excellent. The lounge at JFK was welcoming and had a variety of hot and cold food on offer. Having eaten on the plane we did not bother with the offerings in the lounge. There is a complimentary bar service (you pay for premium and imported) with a good range of beverages supplemented by tea/coffee machines. The flat bed on both sectors was comfortable, IFE has a small selection compared to many airlines, not a problem for the overnight flight as I slept most of the trip. Bags were on the belt quickly in Manchester. Overall a good experience but Delta need to get lounge access at Denver."
"Verified Review | Though a frequent traveler this was my first experience with Delta flying from New Orleans to San Antonio via Atlanta. I found the staff courteous and professional. The aircraft carrier was very clean and comfortable. Unfortunately on my return the flight schedule got botched up because of bad weather in Atlanta. I had an international flight early the next morning, I went up to the service person who was prompt and courteous to re route me via Houston. He put me on United Airlines and I reached my destination 1 hour ahead of my actual itinerary."
"Delta Air Lines from Munich to Atlanta on an old Boeing 767-400ER, flight time 9:50. Pre-Boarding in MUC I was surprised by the captain stepping outside the plane and anouncing the flight infront of the whole B-Gates. Crew was nice and welcoming. I preordered veggie food and tasted like it was bought at a Wholefoods market. I have seen better Entertainment Systems with a wider selection of movies and TV shows, but it worked out fine for me and was easy to use. Atlanta serves as the biggest Delta Hub and makes it quite easy to transfer. It is the busiest airport in the world, though, so short connections are usually not reached. ATL to CVG was on a MD88, not the newest aircraft but clean and on time. It was full, so some passengers were offered to check their bags during boarding for free. Onboard service like any other domestic airline, but onboard WiFi seemed to have worked good. When I came to the baggage claim at CVG, my bags were already there, waiting for me. My flight back to MUC was from PHL on the new connection via DTW. Flight from PHL to DTW was on a Boeing 717-200 and delayed by 2 hours due to heavy thunderstorms in PHL and temporary airport closure during that time. Not Deltas fault and they seemed to do everything they could to rebook passengers with tight connections at DTW. Aircraft used was small and again packed full. Again basic service. DTW serves as Deltas second largest hub and is easy to get around since domestic and international Gates from Delta and partners are just across the hall. DTW-MUC again on an old B767-400ER, but with flawless service and nice selection of beers and wines even in Economy Basic. Also love the fact that the B767 has only two seats in the outer rows, which makes window seats even more attractive. Flight was only half full with plenty of room for sleeping. Flight time 8:20 hours with a landing 20 minutes earlier in Munich than scheduled. Based on the experience I will fly Delta to the US again, because DTW seems a good airport to enter US soil and connect to different cities."
"Verified Review | Delta is good for a US airline, but US airlines in general are not very impressive. I do prefer Delta to other US airlines, however. Flew Detroit to Shanghai. The leather seats are pretty nice, as they feel less dirty than the fabric seats can potentially be. The inflight entertainment had a pretty good selection, but the setup of the system was not the most convenient. In the economy cabin, you plug your headphones into the system itself rather than the armrest, thus if you need to let a passenger leave his seat, you have to unplug your headphones for him to do so. The food in economy class was just what you would expect of airplane food, nothing special. When boarding the plane, the cabin was disgustingly heated, as the air conditioning was not working very well on the ground. The air conditioning did work while in the air, however. The jumbo jet was among some of Delta's older aircraft, and Delta is planning to retire the remaining ones in their fleet by the end of next year."
"Verified Review | Bangkok to Indianapolis via Tokyo and Minneapolis with Delta Air Lines. Excellent lie-flat seats on both international sectors. Very roomy flat bed. Delta staff were professional and friendly. From Tokyo he captain talked to Business Class in person before take off. “We know you paid a lot for these seats and we want to thank you for choosing Delta. You keep us in business.\" Then the spiel about the 4 pilots in the cockpit. Food very good. I ordered Lacto- Ovo Vegetarian meals. I arrived in Indianapolis on time and rested with all of my bags."
"Newport News to Denver return. I just want to say how pleased my husband and I are with the service we received by Delta. Our flight from Denver to Atlanta was delayed by over two hours, so we were going to miss our connecting flight from Atlanta to Newport News. The counter clerk in Denver was very kind, and went to work to see what she could do for us. She found us an earlier flight that allowed us to make it to our connecting flight in Atlanta. Had she not done that, our only other option would\"ve been staying overnight in Atlanta to catch a new connecting flight. She also upgraded us to first class, and we received VIP treatment during the flight. Additionally, during that flight from Denver to Atlanta, there was a flight attendant who went above and beyond in making sure we had everything we needed. I was very dehydrated when I boarded the plane, and she showed genuine empathy and concern. She made sure I did not run out of water the whole flight, and asked several times how I was feeling. By the time we landed, I had greatly improved in how I felt! This flight attendant on DL1916, May 16th 2016 was great. I can't say enough about her kindness!"
"London to Tampa via New York JFK with Delta Air Lines. Flights were all on time, aircraft clean and seating space adequate. Pleased to see the plane was only half full so passengers could move to other seats and I was lucky enough to have the 3 middle seats to myself. Food was ok, usual chicken or beef but could not describe what vegetable was with it, plenty of drink runs throughout the flight with bottles of water offered and nice to be offered beer, wine or spirits for free on the international sectors. Inflight entertainment was excellent with a good choice of latest box office movies, tv shows also available, as on previous occasions disappointed with the music selections available. I like the fact that you can reserve your seats on booking, unlike some airlines who charge for this, or won't let you confirm seats until 24 hours before departure. Third time I have flown Delta and as long as their fares remain competitive will book with them again."
"Verified Review | Roundtrip with Delta from Frankfurt to Las Vegas via Detroit and San Francisco to Frankfurt via Atlanta. Overall a good experience. All flights on time or even ahead of schedule. Transfers at Detroit and Atlanta were easy and smooth. Delta has well organised hubs with plenty of \"Need Help\" centers. Staff is fantastic from check-in to flight attendants, always friendly, attentive and willing to help. Long-haul flights were on an older B767-400, but cabin was modern and well maintained. IFE was good with a wide selection of movies, but only 4 (FRA-DTW) and 2 (ATL-FRA) in German language. Meals were tasty and beverage service very generous on intercontinental flights. Beer, wine and spirits were free, served in the biggest plastic cups I ever got in economy class! Also water cups or bottles were offered by cabin crew every 45-60 minutes. US flights were a bit different. Planes (B737-900) were new, with IFE at every seat. Some movies were free, some you had to pay for (6$). There were a lot of movies available in German language (20-25), more than on flights to Germany. Free drinks and snacks (pretzels, cookies, peanuts) were offered several times, but you have to pay for alcoholic beverages and \"real\" food. Food offers were expensive and selection was rather poor. There is a lack of fresh food (e.g. salad) or hot meals, most offers included industrial food like crackers and crisps. That was the only negative aspect of my journey, in total Delta offers a good product."
"Our Delta Air Lines flight out of Seattle to Bismarck was delayed five hours, but they switched our flights no problem and included free pizza before the one that was delayed! Never seen that before. And we got a $200 gift card for our trouble! The delay sucked but they really took care of us."
"Flew Six segments on Delta from Michigan to Honolulu via Los Angeles, five on time and one with a 30 minute delay, no missed connections. I remain very impressed with the Delta ground staff and onboard staff that I come in contact with. Always cordial and efficient. Besides the beverage cart pass in the first hour and last hour of all 4 to 6 hour flights, the attendants passed water and/or coffee at least twice. The domestic B767 aircraft was showing it's wear, particularly with the IFE, which worked OK at best, but it was clean and everything worked. The internationally configured B767 is very nice, with new, comfortable seats, a large screen and excellent movie choices (to and from HI they are complimentary). The one weakness was a flavorless Asian-inspired chicken wrap (so-called) that I purchased. I'm not sure why they settle for such mediocre catering."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Dublin return with Delta, and travel to and back the seats were changed, but still were able to not only stay in Premium Economy, but in the two seat arrangement. DUB to JFK was in bulkhead seats with great leg room, but the meal tray was an issue, should one be lets say on the heavier side; I had set up the seats a few months ago. Customer service on the phone upgrading to Premium Economy was easy. Flight was good, stewardesses were great, extra leg room and seat comfort with the pillow they supply was decent, movie selection was good, watched two going over, three coming back. I have a gluten intolerance and received my food a bit earlier and it was actually pretty decent. The priority check-in, especially at JFK with the shorter TSA line was really nice, the bottled water at check in was just a plus. Flying again in a few months in Premium Economy and looking forward to it, especially since the flight will be an A330."
"Felt like I hit the lottery with an internationally configured 767 from Honolulu to LA. With a lie flat seat I was already happy. Add to that a welcoming, friendly crew, very good food and a great video selection accompanied by very rare WI-FI over that section of the Pacific. LA to Vegas was short and sweet and comfortable with another warm group of attendants. Only negative comment is about the shabby Honolulu Airport which is not Delta's fault."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Frankfurt with Delta. Awesome service, flight attendants are helpful, polite and efficient. Flight entertainment is nice and the food was tasty. Flat bed seat was very comfy. Flying Delta airlines is always a nice experience. Ground crew is nice and willing to help. Lounge is nice and clean, with nice food selection."
"Verified Review | Delta is always an excellent experience I flew from New York JFK to Boston and found the flight crew nice and friendly. Even on a short flight the attention you get from the flight attendants was excellent. Seats were nice and comfortable, enough legroom and space. Ground crew were helpful. I have flown with many airlines and I still think Delta is one of the best."
"I flew Delta Air Lines on 2 economy class legs from Newark to Kansas City through Detroit on B717s. The aircraft's are a bit older but are kept in great shape, with comfortable enough seats. The crew were quite friendly and were prompt with their services and trash pickup. Both flights left and arrived on time, and with wifi on board there isn't much to complain about."
"Detroit to Las Vegas return with Delta. Chose economy comfort+ and very glad we did. Three of us had plenty of room and priority boarding. Both flights were smooth and pretty much on time. FA's were friendly on both trips but the outbound crew seemed to be a bit more attentive. Will fly Delta in the future."
"Verified Review | Seattle to New York with Delta Air Lines. My husband and I were extremely unhappy with the lack of food service on this transcontinental flight. We paid for Premium Economy with the understanding that there would be complimentary food included. I asked at the gate to be sure and was told we didn't have to bring any food on board. To add insult to injury, there is food included on flights to California. What kind of nonsense is this? The movie selection was only mediocre, in addition. We're not eager to fly Delta again, and we do make frequent trips to Seattle because we have family there. We're not giving Delta a good review with our friends either."
"Paris to Salt Lake City, and I would like to thank Delta for a fine experience over two long flights. Our group of 8 were well looked after by hard working efficient staff. Entertainment worked really well to help pass the time. Would be glad to fly with Delta again. Got a pleasant surprise as I've dreaded longer flights in the past"
"Minneapolis to Las Vegas and a very nice flight with Delta. Staff was nice and gave us drinks before takeoff. It was my first flight in first class and I didn't know what to expect. Delta provided a very high standard for me. Inflight entertainment was nice too. Good choice of movies and tv shows for all."
"I was impressed with the significant improvements in Delta's transatlantic service since the last time I flew them. The 767s, though old, now have personal IFE installed, with clear, sharp screens. Movie selection was good. Catering has improved as well, with decent wines and spirits served (instead of wine out of a box!). The food could be further improved however, and the bagel served for breakfast was memorably bad, rock-hard and cold. Crew were professional, though some of the more senior crew were on the brusque side. Overall, I was impressed on my flight from Atlanta to Paris that Delta's service is finally on par with the European carriers."
"My wife and I flew Delta from Spokane thru Seattle to Honolulu return and had a very good experience both ways. They ask for 15 people to check their carry-ons because of the full flight. When I went up, she noticed that we were not seated together and move us up to the bulkhead with greater legroom for the long flight. Very welcomed for my long legs. The flight attendants kept us watered and fed and were very pleasant. On the return trip, a similar thing happened, as I noticed we were assigned seats a row apart. I approached the countered and ask if we could possibly be moved to the preferred seats again without paying the $99 up charge, and she said no, but she would try to get us seated together. She came through with the extra legroom seats just before we boarded. Overall, a very good experience."
"We flew with Delta from Amsterdam to New York JFK and everything was fine, luckily the flight time was not that long, as the economy class was very crowded. The meal was ok, we had everything we needed including an IFE with latest movies. The landing at JFK was a bit rough, but no harm done. Would fly Delta again, I would say they are the most reliable US airline at this point."
"I flew with Delta Airlines in Feb 2016 from London to NYC return and the experience was positive. Our check in was quick with no delays and our flight ran to time. Our flight was only about 40% full and it was nice to have the extra space. Flight attendants friendly and attentive. We got given a blanket, pillow, eye mask and headphones. Each seat had a TV with a great choice of recent movies. We were given nuts and pretzels, biscuits, lunch (lasagne, salad, bread roll, cheese and biscuits), ice cream, brownies and cheese and ham bap. We were also offered drinks. I will be flying with Delta again, thank you for a great experience."
"London Heathrow to Las Vegas via Seattle, returning via Minneapolis in economy with Delta. Friendly crew offering excellent service on all flights. Food was of a good quality and very appetising. Onboard entertainment was excellent, lots of movie and TV choices available with complementary headsets on the international routes. Connections were quick and painless and information was clear."
"Very pleasant flight. Departed from Dublin on time and landed thirty minutes early in New York JFK. Cabin crew was bit rude toward an elderly passenger who was not able to lift her own cabin bag and fit it into the overhead compartment. Cabin Crew said that insurance wold not cover her sick leaves if she get injured by lifting the bag. Breakfast was very poor - only a really hard bread with cheese and a frozen orange juice with yogurt. Ticket was really cheap and my experience was good with Delta. I will fly with them again but the crew should be more polite and kind to passengers."
"San Antonio, TX to San Jose, Costa Rica. A volcano erupted in Costa Rica the day I was suppose to arrive causing my flight to delay twice because of ash in the air. The first night we were stuck in Atlanta and Delta provided us with discounts for nearby hotels and an overnight bag with toothpaste, toothbrush, brush, tshirt, etc. I chose to stay in the airport as the flight was rescheduled really early the next morning. The next morning while still in the air the pilot got word that the airport had not opened as planned so we had to land 4 hours away in the Liberia airport in Costa Rica. This would be a stressful situation for anyone in a foreign country without international calling to contact people back home. But instead of leaving us in Liberia until the ash cleared (which would've been like two days later) Delta helped make the situation easier by paying the fare for us to ride an air-conditioned charter bus all the way to our intended airport in San Juan. The airline was very clear and helpful throughout the situation. The rest of my trip went smoothly and so was my ride back home."
"Booked these Delta flights through the Virgin Atlantic web site travelling Heathrow to Palm Beach via Atlanta. No complaints whatsoever about the aircraft, check-in staff or onboard crew. In fact it was a pleasure to fly with Delta - the cabin crew on all flights were friendly, approachable and helpful. It is also nice to sit in business class seats which all face forwards. Entertainment system ok, great selection of films not so for the music. If you are planning to fly with Delta compare the prices on both Delta's web site and Virgin Atlantic's to ensure you get the best deal."
"Bozeman to San Diego via Salt Lake City. Kudos to the agent at Bozeman for helping me with a lost ID issue. He went above and beyond in getting me checked-in, advising me on TSA procedures and trying to help me recover the ID by contacting the rental car company which opened only after boarding call. He even came aboard the flight to make sure I had gotten my seat and to advise me of his efforts. Also, the flight crews were excellent too. Friendly, helpful and never once acted like the customers were a bother."
"Managua to Los Angeles. Nice flight, would not recommend upgrading to business class. Not a full flight and the seats were not significantly larger. If on this flight from Managua to LAX likely won't be full due to odd time of flight (2:02AM). Delta currently flies from LAX to Managua once a week. Great crew and flying experience otherwise. Pilots were super nice as were the crew helpful. Would not hesitate to travel with them again."
"Vancouver to Managua via LAX with Delta. Great flight, super easy and it felt reassuring to travel with a familiar airline to a new country for the first time. As a nervous flyer the cabin crew and pilots were amazing. Sat in 2D thus flight was worth the upgrade, no one sat next to me and the entertainment system was surprisingly updated with a great selection of movies. Meal was surprisingly good (vegetarian lasagna). Watched a movie and arrived in no time. Appreciative to the staff for making such an enjoyable experience."
"I had a fantastic experience with Delta Air Lines customer service today. When I deplaned in Atlanta I accidentally left my Kindle in the seat back pocket and didn't realize it until I boarded my next flight. I told an agent in ATL and gave her my information. 4 hours later when I landed, I had a phone call from an agent in TN saying they had my Kindle. A few minutes later they had my address and informed me it would be in the mail tomorrow! I was so impressed by their help and service!"
"New York JFK-Bermuda-JFK with Delta Air Lines. Seat reasonably comfortable for a less than 2 hour international flight on packed plane. Experienced staff onboard very welcoming. Check in with ease and courtesy. Security check tedious and lengthy - over one hour at Terminal 4 at JFK due to high passenger volume. Drink service both ways with tiny snack, 2 small cookies or pretzels and soft drinks, coffee or tea. Pilots informative. Barely space for overhead luggage but allowed two unchecked hand luggage. Entire experience far superior to American or United (both dreadful) on this route and equal to Jet Blue (which has more legroom than any of the other 3 airlines which fly New York City-Bermuda). Delay in boarding in Bermuda upon return due to late arrival of aircraft but announcements precise and apologetic"
"New York to Paris CDG with Delta Air Lines was a very pleasant flight. Staff were knowledgeable, friendly and hard working. Food was fine and enough. Drink was copiously in large cups. Compliment to the staff who asked regularly if we needed anything and nothing was too much to ask.!"
"Delta's B717-200s are probably my least favourite in its fleet. This type was used on my flight from Toronto to New York JFK. It really looked old inside and out. Boarding was on time and so was our arrival. The cabin crew were friendly and were smiling all the time. Snack was provided and it wasn't too bad. No IFE on this flight but it was okay. I enjoyed the view. I enjoyed the flight but it would have been better if a newer aircraft was used."
"Flying transatlantic is at least 7 hours so it is vital that you fly with a good airline. I was right to book Delta Air Lines on my way back to London Heathrow from New York JFK. I checked in using the Delta IOS app - very straightforward and efficient. Boarding was smooth and on time. The cabin crew were attentive and friendly. Other airlines must learn from Delta on this one. Most cabin crew from other airlines talk to you like a robot, mostly closed ended questions which is probably understandable when they are offering food for example. However, not all interactions must be of such nature. The food was great as well as the snacks. It did not look and taste horrible and cheap at all - a call out to Virgin Atlantic. It was a very comfortable and restful flight. I was impressed with Delta on their transatlantic products. I will definitely fly with them again."
"The Delta flight from Paris to Seattle on 20th January was one of the best flights I have had in a long time. The seats were comfortable, entertainment was great with lots of movie choices and meals offered were tasty and plenty. One main meal service and two snacks. Amazing cabin crew provided excellent service throughout the flight, with many drink service runs. The return flight from Detroit to Paris was most disappointing in comparison - with unfriendly crew, after meal service not seen again until an hour before landing in Paris. No drink runs and when I asked about the meal the reply was impatient and uncaring. It goes to show that the quality of the flight can vary according to the crew - what a stark contrast between the two flights!"
"Four segments on Delta, one on KLM and one on Air France on a return trip from Ford Airport to Delhi. The Delta experience was really solid, from the friendliness of ground and onboard staff to cleanliness of planes. I am partial to the A330 because the 2-4-2 seating feels less cramped than the 9 or 10 across seating in newer widebody aircraft. Seats reasonable for economy, AVOD had nice foreign film choices and everything worked. Food was OK at best, probably the weakest part of the experience but not bad. Checking into a Delta flight at CDG was a little puzzling due to using Air France desks. SkyTeam does a great job overall, though, getting Delta passengers beyond Europe."
"Early morning flight from Manila to Tokyo Narita on a 747 was something I did not expect. I last flew a 747 5 years ago, when CX used it quite a lot on the HKG-LHR route. I fell in love with the 747 again, thanks to the amazing Delta service. Their online check in was without frills, very straight forward. When I arrived at the airport in Manila, I was greeted by a battalion of Delta ground crew. They were all very helpful and attentive. One of them carried my bag to be weighed, whilst two of them assisted me with checking in on the self-service kiosks. I was only meant to check one bag (as it says on the ticket), but, they gave me the option to check my hand luggage, which turned out to be very convenient for me. We boarded on time. We were greeted by friendly cabin crew. I always select seats at the end of the plane because from a 3-4-3 configuration for example, the last 3-5 rows will only be 2-4-2. The flight was packed but the service was superb. What I really liked about this flight was the captain keeping us informed in a very transparent and friendly way, and not to mention the cabin crew keeping us comfortable, fed, and hydrated. The inflight entertainment was good. The food was good too. We arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule. This flight will probably the last flight I will have on a 747. Thank you Delta for making it a good experience."
"Great service from Seattle to Kona with Delta. Enjoyed the complimentary entertainment options. Would fly again in a heartbeat. Staff went out of their way to be sure that our needs were met the entire flight. Restrooms were kept clean. My son was excited to watch our flight on their touch screen map."
"We were supposed to return from Asia on Saturday the 23rd through JFK, but the winter storm had other ideas, so after spending a couple of days in airports and getting rerouted, I ended up purchasing tickets from Delta Air Lines just to get home. By the time we got to MSP we were tired hungry and much less than happy. But our last leg helped tremendously. The plane was a newer A319, and the flight crew was gracious, helpful and funny. The flight was smooth and early, and the plane had a great AVOD in each seat which helped the flight go quickly."
"Web check in fast and easy with Delta Air Lines for New York to San Juan flight. Security at JFK a bit slow but fine. Boarding on time, by areas. FA very nice, not much interaction but correct service. Both flights to and from SJU on time, early arrival. Comfortable seating in economy, personal IFE, nice selection of movies for a 4hr flight. Drinks and sandwich free of charge."
"When I went to check in for this flight (which connected in New York with an Air France Flight to Paris) the Delta check in people in Rochester told me that they needed my visa information to check in. I didn't have a visa, as I am getting it while I am in Europe. This seems like an oversight on the airline's part, but the people managed to get me checked in with another system. While on the flight, we were informed that since it was a short flight, no drinks would be served in economy (which was annoying). Other than that the aircraft was clean and we arrived in New York on time. The wifi on the flight did not work well enough for me to use the Delta app or Delta Studio."
"Maui to Los Angeles, and a first in almost 30 years of travel between Hawaii and the mainland was the working Wi-Fi. Pretty sure Delta is the only carrier offering this and only on certain aircraft. Cabin service was very good, although refurbished aircraft layout is odd with premium economy customers in the same cabin as first. What genius thought that was a good idea? Entertainment system was very good and food was pretty good. Seat pitch just barely ok for 6 hours. Lead flight attendant excelled at his job."
"The flight from La Guardia to Buffalo with Delta Air Lines was fast and cheap. Their ground services at the Delta terminal at New York LaGuardia are great, you could obtain free water, you could use their tablets and you are well informed. The flight itself could be recommended, the seats are very comfortable!"
"I've frequently flown First and Business Class on American Airlines so I was keen to experience Delta's Premium product, flying from Salt Lake City to Paris CDG. Beginning with the boarding process, we boarded slightly late. Then with no notice they started boarding us. I was welcomed on board and made my way to the seat. The seat and private space was smaller than I am used to from flying with AA, but it is also a smaller aircraft. The seat offered a full recline, duvet and pillow. I found the seat fairly comfortable and although there was a massage function, it wasn't very effective. I also found there to be very little space to store anything small in the seat. Additional there was no call button for the crew. I was provided an amenity kit which was a very nice Tumi case. After settling in I was offered a drink. The TV display was smaller than I expected with an adequate range of entertainment. The aircraft was WIFI equipped. After take-off I was offered a hot-towel and had my drink order taken, then served a very nice dinner which I could chose from a menu. I found the cabin crew of a very high standard, they went above and beyond and made sure every request was taken care of quickly. This was probably one of the most professional premium class crew I have had the pleasure of experiencing. Unfortunately for breakfast they had run out of the choice I wanted even though the cabin was only 1/4 full. Nonetheless the crew made sure they did whatever they could. I was particularly impressed that I was offered a selection of teas."
"Flew Delta Air Lines from Amsterdam to Seattle (A330), Seattle to Las Vegas (CR9) and Phoenix to Atlanta (Boeing 757-200). A solid 3 star performance. The flights were on time and clean planes. Edible food, but nothing to write home about. Coffee really bad - but than I think so of 95% of the coffee I get in the US, because I'm used to much stronger. Would use Delta again if price is right."
"Have flown Delta before and had problems, but this flight from Amsterdam to New York JFK was fine. Prompt service drinks not long after take off, good selection including spirits on the flight. Snacks served with drinks and then meal service after this. Another few drinks services, ice cream and a snack before landing. Crew were pleasant enough. Decent entertainment onboard with radio channels. On time flights and no delays."
"Honolulu to Los Angeles and a full red eye flight. The hard working crew were gracious and seats up front most comfortable. I passed on the meal so I could relax and enjoy the IFE. FAs helped a couple quiet their screaming infant who thankfully slept most of the way. Otherwise just a hassle free trip on Delta."
"Our family flew from LAX to BUF via ATL in first class and the service on both flights were outstanding. FA's were working and addressing passenger needs throughout the flight. The lunch served from LAX to ATL was delicious! The Delta app is easy and user friendly. You can even track your checked luggage while you travel. Delta's Glass Bottom feature is so cool. You can virtually see the cities and landmarks that you are passing over while you fly."
"London to Montego Bay via Atlanta with Delta Air Lines, and it was extremely satisfying service from London to Atlanta. The female cabin crew were amazing on that flight. Inflight entertainment was of a great standard even though lack of music options. Food tastes good and the drinks were coming to me, my family and all the other passengers on a continuous basis. Great flight. Definitely recommend Delta Air Lines."
"Paid for First per usual with Delta Air Line on my trip from Austin to Boston via Atlanta. Newer B737-900 to ATL. New seats, cabin was clean, IFE was very good via large screens in FC. Beverages only to ATL. Made trip to Term F. to experience the SKY Club there. Much better lounge with some decent food. Definitely worth the travel between terminals, if you have the time. International config B757 to Boston. Seats are okay, with lots of gadgets and somewhat narrow. I like the storage areas, as there are several and once again the IFE, on a very large screen was very good. A decent lunch, but still substandard in comparison to AA. Decent and professional flight attendants. All flights on time. First bag off. Not a bad trip at all. Overall good value and as I travel often I will travel again."
"London to Cancun via Atlanta. Brilliant service from cabin crew and extras offered - good food on the long haul stint of the trip to Atlanta. For an economy ticket I was very impressed. Nothing was an issue for service staff on the airplane. I wasn't too sure what to expect, but made a great start to my holiday. My only improvement would be made to the ground staff in London Heathrow who were okay but miserable."
"Delta Air Lines flight was on time, AMS-ATL, Boeing 747-400. Cabin crew were friendly, helpful, cheerful. Entertainment systems were very nice and had a big selection of movies. It was a pretty calm flight considering the flight was completely full but the flight attendants were quick and professional. Flight had delay of 1 hour, ATL-MEX, Boeing 737-700 but for a 3.5 hour flight it had an entertainment system at each seat, food was ok, flight attendants were friendly and cheerful."
"I usually fly business class, but on short hauls like this Tokyo Narita to Bangkok I can deal with economy. On the Delta Air Lines Boeing 767 you have seating of 2-3-2 in economy, so it is not bad with a companion. The plane is old, but was refurbished a few years ago so they have good AVOD. The food going and coming was actually good. The FA's were quick and efficient and even smiled. The economy seat gets hard on your lower back after 3 hours. Seat pitch was tolerable. Surprised that it all went well and was uneventful. Gogo in-flight wifi was not available. I do not think that the 767-300ER is a good one for business class. It looked really cramped."
"Our flight of 5 passengers including 1 infant and 2 young children from San Francisco to Toronto via Atlanta on Dec 28/15 was delayed by 3 hours which resulted in us missing our subsequent connection flight. Instead of letting us get on the delayed flight and letting the Atlanta staff deal with the connections which were all overbooked, the check-in counter staff put us at a hotel for the night and got us on a direct flight the following the morning. I have flown with 20+ airlines and traveled to 40+ countries. I am very impressed with Delta's courteous customer service and the thoughtful solution provided."
"I went on Delta to Seattle via Denver. The service was pretty good, even though the plane itself was small. The refreshments onboard was good enough for a 2hr 30 min flight. The pliot flew the plane well and gave us a soft landing at Tacoma Airport. Overall, Delta Airlines is a great airline."
"Inclement weather at my connection caused reroutes and significant delays, obviously very frustrating, but the Delta crews were professional and helpful throughout the ordeal - making sure we had drinks and snacks and even ordered pizzas for us when we were diverted to Huntsville to wait out the storm. Really pleased with the team members on each leg of my flight and in the terminals. They were so friendly and sincere despite the pushback they were likely getting from many passengers. Delta continues to make themselves my airline of choice. Thanks to the ATL and MSP based crews, appreciated you all today!"
"Our trip to Brussels started out in Austin, Texas with a short two hour flight to Atlanta, as per usual when flying transatlantic with Delta, you are usually directed through Atlanta, New York, or Detroit. The domestic first class seats were comfortable enough, and there was a charging port between the seats as well, however there was no inflight entertainment. We were offered snacks like peanuts, potato chips, and crackers out of a basket, and all drinks were free. However, because of the short length of the flight there was no meal service, and even some of the larger snacks like tapas were unavailable. The flight attendants were polite and nice, but they were not above and beyond, and didn't interact with the passengers more than they had to. As we were flying in the Delta One cabin international, we got free access to the Sky Club, however with so many people flying for the holidays, it was overly crowded, and a restaurant by our boarding gate was a much better option to spend our two hour layover. When the flight from Atlanta to Brussels finally boarded, we were promptly offered champagne or orange juice. There was a Westin pillow and comforter set, TUMI amenities kit with a pen, lip balm and lotion, eye mask, socks, tissues, mouthwash, and earplugs. After passengers were seated, attendants brought cashews and refilled our champagne. About an hour after take off dinner service included option of beef or cod. The inflight entertainment was rather limited with about 30 or so movies and a handful of television shows on seatback screens. The staff was friendly, but didn't quite go out of their way to do anything. When we arrived in Brussels, after a quick mix up at passport control, we were on our way after an enjoyable flight in relative comfort."
"Amsterdam to Tampa via Atlanta with Delta. I never thought I would write this about any airline but the food from Amsterdam to Atlanta was delicious. I had a couscous salad with chicken and it was great. The cabin crew was also nice and helpful. I'm very satisfied with Delta and look forward flying with them again."
"New Orleans to Toronto via Atlanta. As I was checking into my flight I noticed that my flight had changed and I was arriving about 90 minutes after I was initially meant to. I was flying home for the holidays and really wanted to be home as early as possible. I called Delta and the customer service woman was very kind and changed my flight for no extra charge (despite the change in flight times being slightly less than 90 minutes as is their policy) and I arrived home almost 2 hours earlier than I was originally supposed to!"
"Amsterdam to Newark. After having flown with Delta before we booked again this year, however the seats going to New York were poor. Although we checked in online the day before, we were not given a choice of seats and on arrival at the airport were allocated seats, right at the back of the plane near the toilets! During a long haul flight the queues for the toilet were constant and a disturbance, also being the last seats on the plane our choice of food was non existent as we had to have what was left. I contacted customer service at Delta from New York as I did not want the return flight to be as bad. I was informed that I should or could have chosen my seats when I booked online to begin with and this was on the website, which I have to confess I had not seen or noticed (but I will look out for it next time I book). I explained I was not happy and was offered seats further down the plane at a cost of $40.00 each (total of $160.00), I told the lady in customer services that I was unhappy that I had to pay an extra $160.00 for something I could have had for free and she very kindly spoke to her supervisor and waived the costs which was very good of Delta. I really want to point out to people as I had not noticed it that you can request seats as when booking to begin with which is quite obviously what most people are doing."
"Flew Delta Air Lines in First AUS-ATL-BOS. Flight to ATL on a newer B737-900 with Sky Interior. Nice Seats, a little less legroom, as Delta's domestic FC only has 37\" of pitch. Seat pretty comfortable, inflight entertainment is really good, on demand. No food service as this flight is 86 miles short of qualifying for breakfast, just drinks. Flight attendants were fine, yet hardly seen as once again, no real service. Hiked it to Terminal F to experience the Delta Sky Club there. This is a much better club, with some pretty good food offerings. ATL-BOS leg on a Intl configured B757, seat looks nice, is somewhat narrow, seat does not offer a full leg rest unless you recline into the full bed position., so a decent seat with a short leg rest, in the seated position. Lunch was a Turkey Pastrami sandwich, with bagged chips and a store bought wrapped cookie. Come on Delta, this is First Class, which, I pay for, as always, not an FF upgrade, prepackaged food for lunch. The food service is where Delta fails in comparison to American, my other preferred carrier. Delta's food tastes fine, yet presentation is totally lacking. I’m Elite with Delta, American and Virgin America, Delta’s gate employees tend to be very nice, but on board offering are not up to par."
"Mexico City to Nashville via Atlanta with Delta Air Lines. It was a good flight overall. In the four flights we arrived before the schedule time and that´s always good, but I was unconfortable with the space between seats, there´s not enough space to enjoy the time inthere. Also, some of the flight attendants weren´t as polite as the should be."
"Delta Air Lines business class from London LHR to New York JFK. Smooth checkin at T3 - I could not checkin on line, as if you are not an US Citizen or travel with Visa Waiver, but have a visa, you cannot checkin online - ridiculous. Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse was amazing and a pleasure to use. Boeing 767-400 has 1-2-1 configuration in Business Class, but seat is quite hard and very narrow, especially when reclined - it is hard to move when you sleep. Cabin crew was quite young and very friendly. Boiling hot hot towels (some passengers drop them on the floor, as it was hard to hold it). Surprisingly good food, average wine list (I'd expect more American wines), but Delta Sunrise Signature Cocktail was a hit. Excellent dessert cart. Very disappointing IFE - no blockbuster hits, just a few new movies, TV shows I've never heard of - simply, there was nothing to watch. Because of some turbulence there was no second service. Arrived on time. Generally, decent product, better than expected, very nice crew, but nothing special to remember except signature cocktail which was a hit."
"Flew Delta Air Lines from SAN-PHL with a layover in SLC and PHL-SAN with layover in AL. Gate agents were nice and got us onboard quickly, all flights were on time. Didn't purchase food on the plane, but drinks and snacks were given. Entertainment was only on longer flights but was good. My one complaint is that the TVs didn't have ABC which caused me to miss the Michigan-Ohio State game. I think thats an issue with ABC, because United and Jet Blue which use Directv also don't have ABC. (Delta uses Dish Network.) Staff were friendly throughout and seats were ok comfort wise."
"Living in Miami I fly the dreaded American Airlines 95% of the time, but thanks to their unusually high fares this year, and a spate of bad experiences, I switched to Delta for this trip. Unlike AA, I have zero \"privileges\" / status on DL, but even with that the flights were far better than what I have become accustomed to. Boarding on the two outbound and the two return segments went smoothly. Ground staff, and cabin staff were friendly, smiling, and even uttered words like \"please\" and \"thank you,\" which the AA employees forgot sometime back in the 1990s. Their uniforms were neat, clean and pressed. The boarding process, even in \"Zone 2,\" was organized and efficient, again in contrast to the priority boarding / rugby scrum I usually encounter at AA gates in Miami. DL pulls off boarding, somehow, with only one agent, which probably cuts labor costs and frees up more money for amenities like charging stations all over their Atlanta terminals. IS DL up to European or Asian standards? Probably not. But for the money, and a domestic US trip, this was a good value. I'll consider switching again in the future. A pleasant surprise!"
"Orlando to Rochester via Atlanta with Delta Air Lines. I had been visiting family in Florida when I had to go into the hospital for emergency surgery. Upon release we flew home. Every step of the way Delta employees went out of their way to make the trip as easy as possible. They were efficient and friendly, and made what could have been a painful trip totally smooth. Wheelchairs were waiting at every point; the flight attendants were caring and attentive, and our luggage was checked as a courtesy and was waiting for us when we arrived at baggage claim. We are very impressed and so grateful."
"Flew Delta in First from AUS to SAN, via SLC roundtrip. I’M Silver with Delta, Platinum with AA and Gold with Virgin. Delta ranks third for their First Class offering. Seat pitch is the tightest at 37”, the food options on flights under 900 miles is a snack basket. As a Sky Club member, in addition to Admirals Club membership, we used both. I feel Delta’s Clubs are minimalistic in comparison. The bars are small and the food offering are somewhat amateurish. Don’t get me wrong. Boarding was orderly and we did not have to wait due to Priority. The planes were clean, the seat cushion is comfortable. All our flights left on time and arrived on time. Breakfast served to SLC, a plate with a Bagel Breakfast Sandwich on it, a side dish with some fruit. The Quality and taste were fine, the meal just looked un substantial compared to my other proffered carriers. The flight attendant to SLC was pleasant, did his job quickly and sat and read for the remainder of the flight. The Flight to SAN had a very proactive flight crew, constantly in the aisle, refilling drinks and constantly passing the snack basket, with some decent offerings. The return flight to SLC offered again the snack basket and some wine. A somewhat cold, but very professional attendant served us on this leg. She performed her job very well. The last flight to Austin offered dinner. After my earlier in the week breakfast flight, I was not expecting much. I was surprised to be offered a perfectly cooked Fillet, with sides and a dinner roll. Desert sadly was a pre packed brownie (Really, Prepackaged in First). All in all Delta did its job, we were spot on time and our bags came out fairly quickly. The food offering are spares in compared to other, but what was offered was of decent quality. We fly a lot, hence the Elite status with (3) carriers. Delta, while still good, ii is still my 3rd choice. The inflight GoGo Entertainment failed completely on all four legs. We were glad we did not have to pay for it."
"Tokyo Narita to Singapore, and the Narita airport experience is very nice. Ground staff friendly and helpful. While waiting for boarding Delta has an area for economy class passengers in Narita Airport. I've found it very relaxing and comfortable because they do have a reclining chair which where you could take a nap (but just be mindful of your boarding time). Boarding was smooth, and onboard the flight attendants are very nice, especially the Japanese crews. The only regret on my experience is that the IFE is poor - they have limited movies to watch. Also, the blankets aren't really comfortable. But the meals are okay, and waiting for the baggage was quick on arrival."
"My daughter and I checked in online and were set to use our phones as our boarding passes. My daughter, for some reason didn't receive her text message. As we were discussing this, the curbside baggage check attendant, overheard us and told us not to worry, he's got us covered. Once he took our bags, he produced both of our boarding passes printed out. Since my phone died shortly after that, it really came in handy! Thank you so much for your outgoing, random act of thoughtful kindness! The Wifi was another issue - I paid for it, but never was able to get on."
"Delta Air Lines from Atlanta to Jacksonville. Flights in and outbound same day, DL 1258 and 1616. Both were MD-90's. The flights were fast. In the first case, I landed earlier than the scheduled landing time. On return, while we had to wait about 20 minutes to take off (for whatever reason), we still landed early. The only downside on the outbound flight was that the flight was so quick that beverage service couldn't be completed. Both flights were completely filled. However, by getting to the airport early for the return flight, I was able to get moved from a center seat to a window seat further up in coach class. The flight attendants were very polite and efficient."
"New York JFK to Amsterdam with Delta Air Lines. A medical emergency forced me to return to Hamburg earlier than booked. Delta was very supportive and changed my flight at no extra charge and without asking any unnecessary questions. Their service on the ground and in the air was excellent. Wheelchair assist worked well. Thank you Delta."
"Every airline has its bad days, but I have been very happy with the service on Delta Air Lines. I recently made an error in my booking and the agent on the phone fixed it immediately. Then it turns out the agent had double-booked me on the flight so I called again. I am still waiting for the refund to my credit card but thanks to their helpful and smart service reps, I feel fairly confident they will figure it out. Traveling is so stressful these days that good customer service on airlines means more to me than almost anything else besides safety."
"Our Delta Air Lines flights from Columbia to Seattle were close to flawless. All arrived ahead of schedule, so twice we had to wait about 15 minutes for a gate to become available. We traveled with just carry-on and were able to take our bags on-board even on full flights. We especially appreciated the overhead compartment valet service in Atlanta, our only experience. The Atlanta flight crew was also the most upbeat and friendly, but being fellow Southerners, perhaps that was the most familiar. Beverage service was often on our long flights. The only negative was a bit of crowding with an oversized passenger on a three seat row, but that couldn't be helped."
"I have not flown Delta in several years. Only because I find better prices on other airlines. I recently had the opportunity to fly Delta. I missed my connecting flight, but when I landed there was someone there to help me get another flight 30 minutes later. Their information was correct and informative. The desk person even checked to see if the original planes door had been locked. She then worked to get the next flight. The employees on and off the plane were so nice, polite and as helpful as you could ever want. They spoke with genuine politeness. They can cut your stress and truley make your trip relaxed and enjoyable. Thank you Delta."
"Delta Air Lines from Los Angeles to New York JFK. Check in efficient. Bought a day pass and used the DL Skyteam Lounge at LAX Terminal 5. Simple but good selection of food. Drinks had to be paid for. Wifi good. Able to use clean showers. Boarding on time. Flight operated by Boeing 767-300ER with updated interior. Left on time. Friendly Cockpit crew and cabin crew good. Since red eye flight slept most of the way. Crew did 2 services during flight offering beverages for anyone awake. Good IFE. Arrived early. No issues at all. Again super flight."
"SLC to ATL, Airbus 320. All staff were very friendly and professional. Boarding was orderly. The snacks offered in EC were very good. The food for sale was surprisingly good. My wife and I selected items that were in a brown paper bag and included 2 roast beef sandwiches, a bag of chips and cookies. My only complaint was that there was no IFE system. This could be that the flight was only 3 hours. Basically, I do not see much difference between first class and EC on Delta. I would say that I see more smiling faces from employees on Delta than on their competitors."
"New York JFK to Saint Martin return with Delta Air Lines. Check in good. Boarding process well managed. Prompt offer of beverage by engaging crew. Flights left on time and arrived 30 minutes before schedule. Both planes had personal IFE. Return Boeing 757-200 was a newer plane with new Boeing interior and comfy seats. Outbound flight meals were nice, return was so so. Efficient crew and who enjoyed their job. Pleasant and good experience."
"Take off on time. Good leg space - paid £64 per seat to upgrade to Delta+ which is the premium economy section. The one negative is that if you are not a regular flyer with the carrier, online check in is a pain as the seat options are terrible and you have to pay extra to sit together. However, once on board, was impressed with the service and the timeliness. Aircraft looked better than any BA aircraft I have flown on recently. Very friendly FAs. Very bumpy flight across the pond but the crew kept serving water and juice through the flight. Lunch was good. Entertainment options are limited. I would not hesitate flying them again."
"San Francisco to New York with Delta Air Lines, and very impressed all the way around. On the ground the Delta club was quite comfortable with a vast array of breakfast items: juice, good selection of fruits, bread, pastries, hot and cold cereals, espresso machine. The new Delta One seat is very good (obviously made by the same supplier for the SWISS business class long haul seats). It is lie flat and seats have direct aisle access. Service on board attentive and friendly. Food a notch above. The usual fruit selection and omelet, but Delta added a smoke salmon plate. Flight on time. IFE decent. On the whole I liked the product."
"It started off as a short delay because the captain didn't show up, the cabin crew were very nice and interacted with the passengers whilst the delay was on. Once we got going, the crew was amazing, young, etc. The uniforms and cabin were very up to date and nice. We arrived only 5 minutes later than our initial arrival time. The cookies and complementary beverages were great."
"My flight with Delta Air Lines from London to New York was good. Very nice flight attendants, nothing to say about the check in and airport experience as in transit. A nice IFE system, and food was ok. The only downside were the seats which were too small and not comfortable."
"I was very disappointed with my Delta Air Lines flight from Honolulu to Salt Lake City. The male flight attendant that serviced my area in First Class was rude and impatient conversing with me. I couldn't hear him as he was asking me a question about what I wanted to eat. He had to ask me three times due to my hard-of-hearing. He rolled his eyes, then strred at me for my answer as he asked, “do you want meal?” The person next to me overhead light did not work. My light switch worked her light. The male flight attendant kept telling the lady next to me how to touch the screen because, \"it's sensitive, just like me\". This is all done without a smile. How Rude!.And no can tell me that's Hawaii humor. Never during the flight did a flight attendant smile or have any gestures of kindness. One third of the way into the flight, my video screen didn't work. The flight tracker didn't work. I couldn't watch my video. When I told a female flight attendant she just said that she would, \"be sure to tell them to write it up\". No apology! So, I just stared at other peoples monitors without sound because I couldn't even read cause my light didn't work and my switch controlled the person sitting next to me! In defense of Delta. I had four other stops (back and forth) and they were all ok to good service."
"After being stranded by Hainan Airlines, Delta stepped up and not only was able to get me on a flight at a competitive rate, but I was surprised their quality of service, seat room and meals as well as waiting area accommodations were all superior to what I've been putting up with for years. Absolutely no doubt both my wife and I will do all our travels to China with Delta from now on, but they will get our recommendation at every opportunity."
"Travelled Delta Air Lines premium comfort from LHR to Seattle then returned to UK from Honolulu via Seattle three weeks later. Pleasantly surprised to see that the Honolulu Seattle leg of this trip only cost about £200 or so than the round trip flights from London to Seattle even though it is a five hour journey - perhaps because it is an internal USA flight and not international. Anyway, the first leg when off without a hitch, seat comfortable, food fine entertainment good. The trip from Hawaii to Seattle was overnight, a little less comfortable (it was an economy seat) than the trans Atlantic and packed as an early flight had been cancelled some months earlier. Myself and others offered to have our hand held put in the hold and this worked fine as these bags were the first ones off in Seattle. Third leg was going fine 'til we started take off down the runway. Whereupon the plane slowed and returned to the gate. Apparently a generator had failed so we de-planed and waited 3 hours for a replacement. We were kept informed all the time and given snacks and beverages. Just as about a 100 pizza boxes arrived they announced we could re board and off we went. Unfortunate delay but these things happen and otherwise a routine flight back across the pond. No problems with Delta."
"Used Delta Air Lines for the first time, flying from London to New York JFK in October 2015 and I was pleasantly surprised. The flight was on time, boarding was smooth. The supply of food, snack and drinks was really good. The quality of the food was pretty good and they serve pretty big portions too. The plane was a Boeing 767, seats in the economy section are pretty much standard, but more comfortable than other airlines I have used. Entertainment wise, there was a good selection of films and TV series to choose from. Overall it was a very good flight (better than my return flight with Virgin Atlantic) and I would use them again."
"I'm submitting this review because of what I thought was outstanding friendly and helpful ground and cabin staff during this trip from Los Angeles to Cincinnati via Dallas Fort Worth. This trip was remarkable for how polite, patient, and free-from-corporate-speak the ticket agent, gate agent, and cabin crew were to me - an experience I had not had with Delta in years past. My flights were punctual and the leg room was tight, but not unreasonable."
"Los Angeles to Las Vegas with Delta Air Lines. Punctual, comfortable and nice crew, and the flight fulfilled my expectations. The Boeing 717 is a nice and silent plane, especially if you fly first rows. No real catering was offered, but was else can you expect on a 45 minutes flight, just drinks and snacks service. The seats are comfortable, wide and with sufficient distance to the next row. Boarding process fluent and prompt take off. The SkyClub lounge in LAX is fantastic!"
"Delta Air Lines from London Heathrow to New York JFK. The seats in economy are a little cramped. My friend and I are 5ft 10 and 6f t3 and we felt squashed especially when the person in front reclined their chair. However, that was the only negative. The IFE had a good range of movies, and the food was satisfactory. The staff were very friendly and helpful. All in all, a good experience. Although, I will book exit row seats the next time. As long as you get to your destination safely, consider it a good flight."
"London Heathrow to Tampa via Atlanta return with Delta Air Lines. Only the return flight was delayed 45 minutes but captain passed through the cabin to apologise about the delay. Food was ok usual standard airline fare but choices available, beer and wine was free on the international flights. AVOD on transatlantic flights with a good choice of movies and tv shows, bit disappointed in the audio selection though and this could be improved. Flight attendants passed through the cabin regularly on drink runs offering water or orange juice. This is my fourth time flying Delta Air Lines and will continue to fly with them if their prices remain competitive,"
"Flew by Delta after a really long time. The aircraft used between SEA and Atlanta looked very new with video monitors for every seat and the mood lighting was very refreshing. The crew also greeted everyone pleasantly with a smile. All in all a much improved experience."
"Flights on time, attendants very courteous and helpful. In Columbus I explained to the Delta clerk that I was scheduled for knee replacement surgery and could I get a wheelchair in Atlanta to make my connecting flight. When I arrived I was met by a very friendly lady who zipped me thru the airport to my connecting flight. I would not have made it without her. I received the same service on the way back home. All luggage on time as well."
"I visited my daughter in June and the Delta Air Lines crew were very helpful and professional. I had recently had unexpected surgery earlier in the week and was having so much pain, I called and asked if I could have my flight moved up so I could go home earlier. After I gave them the information to prove my situation they were incredibly kind, and helped me move up the date. I again recently called them because I had purchased tickets for some family members and these had to be changed, and again were kind and refunded my tickets. They went above and beyond and I am very grateful for their kindness."
"After booking return flights from London to New York with Virgin Atlantic, I was informed that the outward leg of our journey was a Delta Air Lines codeshare flight. I had heard bad things about Delta but my flight with them was extremely pleasant. Food service was extremely prompt, despite sitting near the back of the plane, and the attendants were helpful. Large bottles of water were handed out regularly. As a nurse I was glad to see that they had taken their passenger's health and hydration to heart. It was a much better experience than the Virgin Atlantic flight on the return journey, where I was hungry and thirsty for much of the flight, and the entertainment system crashed multiple times!"
"We went up the Delta Air Lines gate agent and asked for an upgrade or the confirmation we had good seats, as we had missed a lot of sleep due to bad aircraft seats. The DL staff tried to help us out, and we ended up with a middle row (3 seats) for the two of us, which was excellent for us to get some rest on this 8 hour flight home. Boeing 767-400ER with a spacious cabin, comfortable seats, good looking interior and mostly friendly cabin crew. I didn't like the food served. From a quality standpoint it was good, but it just didn't taste good (pasta and chicken)."
"Philadelphia to Salt Lake City on a new Delta Air Lines A320 in Premium Economy. Seat was comfortable, plenty of leg room. Boarding not an issue. Full flight but only backpack so no big deal. Snack fine, Delta cookies, candy and drinks. FA's polite. Return was Boeing 757 from SLC to Detroit and A320 from Detroit to Philly. Again 320 was fine, the 757 was older, had not been upgraded so was pretty cramped. Service fine on all flights."
"On my Delta Air Lines flight to Philadelphia from Detroit, the flight attendants were excellent - attentive to passenger needs, upbeat and proactive. Their in-flight review of safety procedures contained a bit of humor, which we enjoyed. During the flight I accidentally pushed the \"call button\" - but I was helped to find the reading light in the dark and there was no criticism. A pleasant experience, after I had been humbled by TSA employees, who really do know how to make flying unpleasant. I cannot recall the names of these flight attendants, but I was on flight DL1749 on Sept. 19, 2015. Thanks!"
"An overall pleasant experience. I upgraded to Delta Comfort+ on the first leg of the journey and chose seats right behind first class bulkhead. There was more than ample leg room. The Comfort+ seats also recline a little further as well, and include priority boarding and free drinks. At ANC airport, there were several other airlines with lines that seemed to go on forever, I think one of them was American. There was no line for Delta and the check in agents were friendly. Flight left on time, landed in ATL on time, and our connecting fight to Miami in a different terminal also was on time. While the MD-80 on the second leg was clean, and seemed to have been refurbished, I do not enjoy flying on those older planes as the cabin pressure is horrible. All bags arrived. Overall again, a pleasant experience. Its nice that Delta serves snacks in economy as well."
"My son and I recently flew Delta Air Lines out of Harrisburg to Atlanta, then on to Denver. This was our 3rd annual trip, previously we flew another airline, this year it was Delta. All the staff were courteous and extremely friendly and helpful. It was refreshing and I would recommend Delta and it will be our airline of choice. All of our flights arrived ahead of time."
"Afternoon flight on Delta Air Lines from Reagan National to Minneapolis. Initial departure was delayed for a half hour (I did not ask the reason). This was offset by the pleasant service I received gateside. I had a complicated route to take, and I asked to check my carry on (and lo and behold, it arrived at my final destination at the same time I did!). The flight was generally uneventful, flight attendants were courteous, the seats were comfortable. I found the A320 to be a very comfortable plane for economy class, and despite my proximity to premium economy, I didn't see them get excessively pampered. Overall, an enjoyable trip. The plane was clean (if a bit rattly on touchdown), and I was overall comfortable."
"Delta Air Lines from Honolulu to Los Angeles on Boeing 767-300, and as this aircraft originated in Japan we were treated to an internationally configured aircraft which provided a comfortable and wonderful flight. The crew, especially the lead, were wonderful and efficient. Food and entertainment were also very good. A positive experience."
"Delta Air Lines flight from Panama to Atlanta left on time. No welcome greeting when boarding the plane as the stewardess preferred chatting with the pilots in the cockpit. The crew showed a clear lack of interest and were constantly chatting in the galley about their working conditions. They did not bother to close the separation curtain between the cabins during the flight so passengers from the main cabin were eventually queuing up for the business class toilet (why paying business fare?) Breakfast was excellent. The crew on the flight to Brussels was very friendly, very professional. Food was excellent. In spite of the old 767 plane, the business class cabin offers decent comfort, although the seats/beds are a bit cramped indeed. IFE is up to standard."
"We flew Delta Air Lines to New York from Manchester in August, and had a wonderful flight where we couldn't fault anything. The seats were comfortable, the inflight entertainment had everything you could want, food was great and the staff were excellent. The Purser on this flight took such great care of us."
"Returning home after a long holiday in the US, flying Delta Air Lines, Orlando to Amsterdam via Detroit. Departure from Orlando was delayed due to airport closure for lightning, the aircraft was an old Boeing 757-200 and age was clearly showing. There was no meal service even in first class, but the service was good, the Delta Airlines ground staff receiving the flight at Detroit were not interested in helping us with the connecting flight to Amsterdam - until one official at a different gate helped out. Detroit to Amsterdam flight was a newly refitted Boeing 767-400 with nice business class beds but the monitor screen was small and could not compare with competing airlines. I selected the vegetarian option on the food which was a cannelloni with goat cheese on a bed of spinach, a very bland and uncooked dish, the bottom half of the pasta was dry and hard there was a sprinkle of marinara sauce - not even enough to taste let alone to moisturize the pasta. Breakfast was a cereal which was OK. IFE selection was better than average on the international sector. Both sectors had a very good WIFI connection."
"Minneapolis–Saint Paul to Seoul Incheon, and Delta Air Lines staff and service has continued to improve over the last year. Ground staff and flight crew were all friendly and attentive. Inflight entertainment options are among the best and I like that you can access it before you are airborne and after you land and are taxiing. Seats are not comfortable especially on a transpacific flight but the added legroom of Economy Comfort is worthwhile."
"Overall, we were pleasantly surprised by Delta's first class service from Lafayette to Montego Bay via Atlanta. Our LFT-ATL flight was operated with a Boeing 717 that appeared to be new inside, but was in fact a refurbished aircraft. The flight attendant greeted us warmly and professionally. There were pillows, blankets and bottled water at every seat in first class. On time departure and arrival. It would have been nice to have been served a hot breakfast snack on this 6:00am departure; however, only small snacks were offered. We made a quick 40 minute connection at ATL with no problem. Our ATL-MBJ flight was operated with an older Boeing 757-200 that had some age on it but was still in good condition with regard to first class cabin. Once again, we were greeted professionally and pillows, blankets, water at every first class seat. We were also greeted with a glass of sparkling wine. The breakfast burrito was pretty good as was fresh fruit served with breakfast. Beverages were kept topped up on a regular basis. Arrived just a few minutes late and our bags were among the first off the plane."
"It was good value for the money that I spent for this Delta Air Lines flight from Frankfurt to New York JFK. The new Business Elite Seats are good, the IFE seems to have some updates and run smoother than last time. You may complain that the lie-flat seat has a real narrow room for your feet, but value for money was good. I would have paid €200 more for Singapore Airlines on the same route, but I was too late. Delta is always a good option if you get a Z or J fare."
"There have been a lot of negative comments of Delta Air Lines business Elite seats and I initially thought of them as being overly critical, until I had a first hand experience on my recent flight from JFK to Moscow. The seats are narrow, but so are many other airlines. What I liked was the configuration with single seats in a zigzag pattern on either side of the plane giving privacy to single travelers. Not much storage space, though. It's the tunnel like part of the pod where one's legs go in when the seat is in full flat position. The space is so confined that it's impossible to keep the feet straight up, forcing a person to lie on one's back only, unable to bend knees, requiring a contortionist skills to attempt sleeping on the side. The feeling is actually of being forced into a very narrow coffin. I honestly could never imagine being so uncomfortable and claustrophobic on a plane. I wonder if anyone at Delta actually tested the seats before installing them, certainly would fire those responsible for the decision! It ruined an otherwise highly pleasant flight, with professional and attentive crew, good and tasty food and extensive entertainment choices."
"The connection was not managed by Delta but by its subsidiary Endeavor Air. The airplane was new and clean. I was skeptical about this company as it was the first time I flow it, but I have to admit it was very good. I will rate very low the ground service, thinking more about Delta than to Endeavor Air. Our original flight in the evening was cancelled and Delta did not provide any support to find an Hotel and to get at least a discounted fare."
"Inside the Delta aircraft the cabin has been renewed, each seat has TV screen with a large selection of films (I mean films in Italian ). The seat is comfortable and it is reclining. Cabin crew is very helpful and kind, but the food is not so good. Aircraft is quiet and they give you a pair of earplugs and an eye shade. I was satisfied by Delta Air Lines."
"Excellent service with Delta Air Lines. Plane food normally isn't enjoyable but thoroughly enjoyed on this flight. Staff were friendly and wished me a happy birthday while aboard. Entertainment variety was fantastic, and I would fly Delta again. Much better than Virgin Atlantic, plenty of leg space and very clean too."
"Biggest problem is the transit in Atlanta. What a hell. More than 1 hour in line for passport control. Running to catch the connecting flight. Delta Air Lines staff seem uninterested, not very unfriendly. In-flight entertainment of very low quality and the touch screen hardly worked."
"All in all, a very good flight. Yes, the aircraft is old but has been nicely retrofitted by Delta to include modern IFE (with a decent selection included), and fairly comfortable, if firm, seats (use the complimentary pillow as a backrest if you need extra comfort). I had a window seat in the 2-3-2 layout, so much less cramped than other widebody aircraft. The crew were friendly and welcoming, and delivered a full service throughout the flight. Also, great value considering it was booked just two months before. Would definitely fly Delta again."
"We took an afternoon flight and arrived close to midnight, though both planes were older 757-200 and did not have any personal entertainment system but you could see that the aircraft's were well maintained, the leather seats were all in good working condition and showed no age, though the food selection did not entertain vegans but the drink selection was very wide. The cabin staff were all helpful and the Internet was a huge plus. One of the nice things is we forgot one piece of cabin luggage on our first flight and we told the cabin staff of the second flight and they told operations and they transferred the piece to us so we where surorised to see it on the belt with our checked baggage."
"Flew DL2039, ATL to SEA in economy class on August 4 and DL2327, SEA to ATL in Comfort Plus on August 11. Flight attendant crew on both flights were engaging with the passengers and provided great service. Was able to purchase meals both ways, which were very good. Flights departed and arrived on time. Especially nice was the video on demand with a wide selection of programs to watch. Added cost of Comfort Plus was worth it, with priority boarding, upgraded free snack and free alcoholic beverages if desired."
"I liked the check-in systems when I reached PHL. When I boarded the plane, I sat in Premium Economy. There was no IFE on the flight, so I passed the time by sleeping and enjoying the view. Scheduled flight time was 2 hrs 17 mins from PHL to ATL. Once I arrived in ATL we went on The Plane Train from Concourse A to Concourse T where my flight from ATL to DFW was departing from. Unfortunately, the flight was delayed. It was supposed to depart at 11.30am local time but delayed to 12.16pm. Therefore the flight arrival in DFW was also delayed, from 12.45pm local time to 1.26pm. Scheduled flight time was 2 hrs 45 mins."
"I'm a loyal Diamond Delta customer that finds myself using United and other airlines of late. Delta has trimmed so many flights by day of week that I can't use them. Three weeks in a row I have gone elsewhere. Trying to book Detroit next week, a hub, and I can't because there are no seats. Delta Air Lines zeal to cut capacity means losing the loyalty of a very loyal customer."
"First time flying Delta. Cabin crew were very friendly and attentive. Food was average. Cabin door closed on time, but waited about half an hour before we left the ground, still arrived on time. Overall the flight was better than average except for the seat. I was in premium economy and when you recline the seat back, the seat itself also moves forward. This initially seemed like a nice reclined position. However with no foot rest, this position created severe strain on my low back, and gave me a backache. I thought it was a fluke. However the same thing happened on the return flight. I loathe taking extra paraphenilia on a plane for \"flight comfort\" but you might need to consider lumbar support for long haul flights on this plane. On return to the US, I went through the immigration kiosk and my bags were on the carousel 5 minutes later."
"I flew with Delta from Chicago O'hare to Pisa via Detroit and Amsterdam. Between the big three American airlines (United, AA, and Delta), Delta would be my favorite. On all the flights they were organized, fast and on-time. From Chicago to Detroit, which was flown on a crj900, lasted only an hour but they still handed out snacks and drinks. On that flight my family and I were put in Comfort+ for no extra charge. Comfort+ had very nice legroom and very good seat width. The long haul flight from Detroit to Amsterdam was flown with a 767-400, which is in my opinion the nicest plane that Delta flies. With a 2-3-2 layout and me traveling in a party of 3 made it so we traveled in the middle section and were still undisturbed by an extra person next to us. It made the entire flight feel a whole lot more private. The IFE systems were great and had plenty of movies to watch. Were left on time and arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule. This made it super easy to catch my connection. At Amsterdam we had plenty of time to relax and explore the airport. We had to fly with Transavia, one of the low-cost carriers linked with KLM, and that was slightly chaotic in boarding but comfortable inflight. We arrived on time and I'm impressed with the quality of Delta."
"We had an early morning departure from Boseman Montana, we were a large family and we got a very helpful Delta Airlines check in staff. The flight in itself was nice, both legs were short but I was more comfortable with the older 757-200 seats from Salt Lake City to Las Vegas but they were quite similar, since they were both short flights. There was no meal service but a choice of pretzels or nuts or biscuits and the attendants were allowing us to have more than one thing. All bags came through without issue and on time."
"The original reservation was SJC–ATL–BCN. Delta later modified my outbound flight and added a SEA stop between SJC and ATL, which added several hours to an already long trip, and this is the low point of my experience. SEA-ATL flight was delayed by 3 hours, and gate agents got us pizza and soft drinks, and alcohol was free during that delayed flight (delays happen, and these gate agents and FA's looked after us very well). Home-bound, ATL-SJC flight arrived 25 mins late. The other 3 flights were on time and uneventful. The check-in, gate, and onboard staff were friendly and efficient. I was surprised to be offered 3 choices for dinner on transatlantic flights, as well as a small mid-flight snack on BCN–ATL flight in economy class. Flight attendants were present through the flight. Seat-back screens provided great options for individual entertainment. The extra leg-room, boarding priority, and premium drink, are well worth the cost of a Comfort+ seat. I wish seats were wider but this is true of every airline I've flown in economy class. Luggage arrived on time. I will recommend this airline for international flights. I'm a former frequent flyer of United and American airlines, who never handled their flight delays nearly as reasonably and promptly as Delta did."
"Great airline! I booked with Virgin, but it turned out to be a codeshare. The IFE is considerably better than Virgin although the food wasn't as nice. I would gladly do it again."
"Excellent and friendly service with a smile from FA's. The Boeing 767 is the most comfortable aircraft flown by Delta as the seating is 2-3-2. I am able to sit next to my wife instead of sharing with a third person. Again, Delta continues to be a step above the other large airlines"
"It was my third flight with them this year. Quick flight from Winnipeg to Grand Rapids on July 17, and return on July 19. Smooth checking, boarding, clean aircrafts, on time departures and great service provided by ground and in flight personnel. Tickets a bit over priced, although at the same Delta provided great service. The only thing that could be improved are the snacks in economy."
"Got delayed from PAP, missed the connection and rerouted via MIA then ATL back to AMS. Delta agent in PAP was very helpful and put me on the flight I asked for, then Delta bumped me up to Business (Delta One). The new Delta BC with lie flat seat is really good. Window seats are even isolated (no passenger on the side). It is surrounded by the next seat which makes it a rather personal space. Having typically a low expectation of American carriers, the upgraded Delta BC is surprisingly good. Dinner is simple and well presented, service is quick and just what you need for a 7-8 hours flight. Connecting flight was slightly delayed but transit in ATL, is actually relatively easy and straight forward (from flight A to B in less than 15 min). I know it's no Asian carrier quality, but it is definitely changing my perception of US carrier and Delta seems on the right track to lift up its service. Will probably fly them again. Only negative point is arriving late in MIA there are hardly any Delta agents around (It's an AA airport!), so rebooking and hotel accommodation was tricky to figure. The Lost Luggage staff were very nice in fixing this quickly"
"I was warmly greeted on entering the aircraft. The service was excellent, always with a smile. However, the cabin was very warm and noisy (we were seated over the engines). My wife had a window seat while I had a middle seat. EC is worth the money. I purchased a snack box which was just enough to keep away hunger pains, but nothing to brag about. The WI FI did not function until 2 hours into flight. However, Delta is certainly better than their competitors."
"This the first time I have flown on Delta in 15 years, it was a short flight about three hours an early morning departure 6.50 am we arrived ahead of schedule, a very smooth flight with a very smooth landing. Our pre-order Muslim meal was delivered and it was a very filling and flavorful vegetarian sandwich. The cabin crew were very friendly and the entertainment system was very good. The seats left a lot to desire, a business class seat on flydubai was more comfortable which is a low cost airline, Delta need to look on upgrading these seats on their new orders from Airbus."
"BOS-CDG, overnight flight on the 11th July and code-shared with Air France. Check-in was done via the Fly Delta app and was simple enough, paid an extra £50 for exit row seats which I am conflicted about. On the one hand, a good investment to have some comfort (nobody thrusting their seat into your lap on a red eye) and it's good to be able to stake a claim to those seats without relying on luck, on the other hand they were right next to the bathroom so had to deal with people standing between my seat and the wall all night and there was also nowhere to store my bag. Boarding took a little longer than expected due to a group of very excitable French children coming home from a summer camp. They were very loud, boisterous and actually downright rude but the excellent crew put a quick stop to their antics once they were on the plane. Otherwise there were no delays. The flight itself was exemplary, the staff were attentive and wonderful. The entertainment system is well-stocked and of good quality, I also loved the genuinely entertaining and funny safety video. The food was adequate, although I wasn't a fan of the meagre breakfast. No complementary alcohol on a long-haul also struck me as a little stingy. Overall I'm pleased with my experience and would recommend Delta to others."
"Delta suprised us-we selected this airline because of the width of the seats. We flew Sydney to Calgary via LAX and Seattle on the first leg and then coming home LAX to Sydney. Check-in staff (queues moved quickly) and customer service was excellent at all airports. Cabin staff were efficient and friendly - meals were reasonable. Entertainment system was okay - enough to keep us occupied on the long flights. Only issue we had was when one of our bags didn't arrive in Calgary - spoke to service desk and staff assured us that it would be found. The next day we arrived at Banff and the bag had been delivered before us - well done."
"Flight was two hours late leaving, but once on board cabin crew were friendly, and each seat had individual IFE. Interior must have been recently upgraded, for a 767 it looked in fairly decent shape."
"Delta suprised us-we selected this airline because of the width of the seats. We flew Sydney to Calgary via LAX and Seattle on the first leg and then coming home LAX to Sydney. Check-in staff (queues moved quickly) and customer service was excellent at all airports. Cabin staff were efficient and friendly-meals were reasonable-in fact I quite liked them (I have eaten a lot worse). Entertainment system was okay-enough to keep us occupied on the long flights. Only issue we had was when one of our bags didn't arrive in Calgary-spoke to a staff member at the service desk and she assured us that it would be found. The next day we arrived at Banff and the bag had been delivered before us-well done."
"I was scheduled to fly SEA-SFO-JFK. Flight to SFO was delayed by 30 minutes, which meant I would miss my connecting flight to JFK. I was notified by emaila phone call and through the app that my flight was delayed. Within one click of the app, I was offered alternate flights, even alternate dates and airports without any extra charge. I was then rebooked to the nonstop flight departing an hour later but two hours earlier than I originally would have arrived. The agent at the SkyClub upgraded me to an exit row seat free of charge and apologized for the delay, which was minimal in the first place. The delay was handled extremely smoothly and I was rebooked, upgraded and taken care off within five minutes. The actual flight was good, on board a Boeing 737-900ER and despite being only a year old, the cabin was not properly cleaned and there was garbage on the seats. Legroom was excellent as there was no seat in front of me, although it was a bit hard to see the television - it was about six feet away, although DL was smart enough to put a remote control for these seats. Complimentary beverage served multiple times and buy onboard food options were decent. Flight attendants did their job, were quite friendly. Entertainment options excellent, with entire seasons of my favorite TV shows. WiFi was fast, although I recommend buying the 24-hour pass on the DL website or app as it's much more expensive onboard. Overall, a pleasant experience onboard but DL did a fantastic job handling the delay on the ground."
"AUS-LAX-SEA. I usually fly economy but decided to spring for first class as my traveling companion had never flown in that cabin before. It was nice to check bags with no fees! Boarding was efficient in AUS and it was a nice touch to be addressed by name. Boarding efficient and flight left on time. It was also nice to be offered a pre flight beverage, chose white wine served in a plastic cup. The first class bulkhead seats we had were spacious. Embraer 175s do not have ovens so lunch was a cold chicken orzo salad with an appetizer and desert served all at once. Many reviews indicate that crew was either rude or inattentive but my experience wasn't like that. The drinks were kept filled during the flight, food ample and tasty and the flight attendants were upbeat and social. Boarding in LAX was a mess as the gate was in the corner and no one listens when they tell you they board by zone. Once on board a pre flight beverage was offered and after take off they served dinner. On the LAX to SEA route, Delta has partnered with Luvo as part of upgrading food service in first class. The wrap and accompaniments were fresh and delicious. Drinks flowed and attendants were offered snacks and checked on customer needs. I had heard and Delta and its regional partners have worked to improve service and food and I was not disappointed."
"The terminal in SEA was unbelievably chaotic as it was a mix of overseas, Hawaii and cross country flights. There was very little seating and the place was cramped. Good thing we only had to be there for an hour. The SEA to MSP leg was on an older 767 with upgraded interior. This was the domestic version so first class was billed as business and the seats was packed in a bit tight. In any case, once again, we had a great experience. Pre-flight drinks and lunch were served. My companion and I had the cheese burger with dill potato salad, sliced cheese with fruit and a piece of raspberry cheese cake all served at once. For a lunch, it was rather hearty and was very filling. The flight attendant was a bit stuffy but she kept the drinks coming and was still attentive. Gin and tonics I had were strong so I limited myself to two and then switched to white wine. The MSP to AUS was just as pleasant. My companion had the ginger beef and I had rice with shrimp and sausage. Again a slightly stuffy attendant but nothing to get into a fuss about. Seats had ample space and the aircraft, though a bit old but was clean. One negative thing that was consistent on both the AUS-LAX-SEA and SEA-MSP-AUS flight was trash in the seat pockets. I imagine it is easy to overlook the seat pockets as fast as they have to turn the plane around but I still think an extra minute or two and it could easily be taken care of."
"I had a great trip from JFK to FCO. Comfortable seats, good food and a decent amount of legroom. Cabin staff were quite helpful, they provided lots of information about flight time, weather, traffic, and delay since there was a large amount of rain before my flight. Will fly with Delta again."
"I flew on this airline while on vacation in the USA. We were going from San Francisco to West Palm Beach via Atlanta. We first went from San Francisco to Atlanta and the staff were good. The plane had touch screens but some didn't work properly but were OK. The snacks were good especially the cookies. We reach Atlanta early so were in time for our next flight for West Palm Beach. The next flight was also good. The flight was short. Overall a very good airline."
"Prior to the trip, I chose the seat 15ABC on the first leg and 19ABC on the latter leg for my family. At HKG, I was told that all of us has been upgraded to Business Elite on both flights, 1A2A3A and 2ACD. It was a great experience."
"Flew from Atlanta to Los Angeles in order to connect with Air New Zealand to Auckland. I selected the economy comfort seats and found them to be very nice and the legroom more than I expected. What was interesting how the cabin was separated though not with a divider so it felt very exclusive. In addition, there was a blanket and headset for watching the back seat TV. We received other snacks as well as the other normal offerings. One thing that can be said is Delta is trying to improve its service and the fact that they still offer some type of snack with your drink is better than what you get from American and United."
"Many people have had negative reviews about Delta domestic flights. I had no problem with them. Compared to International airlines I've flown they don't come close. But for domestic they were superb. Great FA's, clean plane, and on time service. The seats aren't too bad, and the inflight entertainment system was pretty good. Overall a nice flight and I would choose them again if I had the chance."
"I often read negative reviews of Delta. I for one have found them to be by far the best of the legacy carriers. I always find the staff helpful and pleasant, both ground and cabin staff. My recent flight had a routing DSM/MSP/JFK/LHR. On arrival at MSP I realized that my connecting flight to JFK was delayed, making the JFK connection impossible. When I explained my dilemma to a very helpful Delta employee in the Delta Club room she immediately worked on getting both me and my luggage onto the MSP/LHR service. An ontime boarding took place and I was greeted with a smile by the cabin services manager. Once airborne dinner was served (a very reasonable meal) promptly allowing the maximum time for sleep. We arrived into LHR on time and I cleared immigration and customs in a little over 30 minutes from touchdown. Delta had done for me exactly what I had asked from them, a safe, pleasant, on time journey. All the staff that I encountered during this trip were friendly and responded positively to my needs. What more could I have asked for?"
"San Diego to ATL on June 30. Started with the airline offering free pizza in the gate area. Boarded the 737-900 and flight crews standing throughout the plane welcomed passengers with a pleasant greeting. Economy comfort seat was great with the extra legroom, would not have wanted to be in a regular economy seat for the 4 hour flight. Took off on time, good games, movies, TV shows on the large seatback screens. Flight crew stayed busy the whole time serving snacks and drinks with 2 or 3 runs at least. Landed in Atlanta on time in spite of the not so great weather. No complaints, I would recommend!"
"Aircraft a bit old but cabin crew were friendly and extremely helpful. A pleasant trip following a long haul from Sydney. The pre-flight safety brief was hilarious and a great attention grabber. Wish more airlines were as imaginative. Had heard some differing views about this airline but we were very pleasantly surprised."
"Had a pretty good experience with Delta. Had 5 persons in my party, 2 of which with lap children. We were in basic economy on the way to Tampa. The only complaint we had on the way out to Tampa was the crew weren't happy. On the flight back we upgraded our 3 seats to Comfort Plus which was much better. More leg room, better snacks and free alcohol. The flight crew was cheery and up beat making the flight easier."
"Left Minneapolis RT to San Jose in June. First Class RT paid ticket. On the flight out we were served a full breakfast. The food was actually not bad. Flight attendant was very attentive and quiet busy checking on all passengers. Did not disappear after the meal service. The flight back to Minneapolis was also excellent. Boarding was orderly in both directions. Lunch was a large salad. However, only one choice. It was a Salmon Salad. Quite a few of passengers turned it down, including me. I was surprised there were not at least 2 choices. Once again First class FA was great. Waiting to board in both directions, the checked baggage and the number of carry on is being abused. in both directions. People were checking bags that were huge. Not sure how they got past TSA. Gate Agents need to enforce bag sizes and the number of bags people try to drag on."
"I took my second trip with Delta and I must say I was definitely not disappointed. I flew with Delta last year and felt there was no need to change to a different airline. I flew from Indy to Phoenix via Minneapolis. The crews both at the gate and during the flight were professional and respectful. The big two thumbs I want to give is on my luggage in Phoenix. No sooner had I walked off the plane and down to the baggage claim carousel was I greeted by my bag arriving. Only thing I found average was the seat comfort, but granted I have never really cared about seat comfort."
"For a short haul flight like this one (7-8 hours each way), I try and save money by not booking business class, rather \"economy comfort\" on Delta. As usual, the service is perfunctory, the food not bad in and out of Narita, the seat fairly comfortable, and the entertainment of good quality with lots of choices. No drama on either flight. My only complaint that has never been addressed properly with Delta over the years is the horrible state of the lavatories. They are always left to fester for entire flights. I have never once seen an FA go in one to clean one. Delta is not \"special\" compared to other international carriers, but it's adequate and they have treated me well in the Skymiles program so far."
"Check in procedure was ok but slow. The flight was nice, with very good in-flight entertainment, and the flight attendants were very nice. The food wasn't great - but not the worst. The seats are comfortable and I had plenty of leg room."
"Delta will always be my first choice across the Atlantic and I have found them to be always even better than either BA or Virgin (who have themselves always provided excellent service). My latest flights were no exception. This is the second time I've flown from Heathrow to LAX in four months and both times the service has been great. Without doubt the friendliest cabin crew I have met the in-flight entertainment was good the food was okay and plentiful and the drinks and snacks kept coming. My first choice every time and whilst not the cheapest carrier it's certainly been the most reliable and pleasant to fly with."
"5/28/15 PVD-ATL-CAE 6/1/15 CAE-ATL-PVD. Flight was on time departing PVD. Had booked Economy+ and was lucky enough to have an empty middle seat. Got a free cocktail in Economy+. Unfortunately passengers ignore the signs that say bin space over those seats is reserved for Economy+ because when I boarded I had to use a bin 4 rows back which is annoying when deplaning. Got delayed about 25 minutes by weather before landing at ATL. Had to go straight to the gate for the next flight. Staff was very pleasant. ATL to CAE is less than 30 mins so there is no beverage service. Arrived at CAE about 50 mins before my scheduled flight from CAE to LGA. Got a text saying it was delayed 45 mins. I knew I would never make the connection to BOS. There was a flight boarding to ATL and I asked if they could get me there faster. They said they couldn't get me to BOS earlier but they could get me to PVD. They gave me a seat (and happily changed it when I asked for an aisle). No beverage service. CAE to ATL is killer at 7am! No Starbucks in Terminal C at ATL. Flight to PVD arrived 20 mins early and flight attendants were very pleasant."
"PDX-MSP-DCA-MSP-DCA: Clean aircraft's (B757 A320 MD90 B737-800). No IFE on the inbound flights but because I had a tablet I just connected to their wifi (without paying) and go to Delta Studio allowing me to stream movies for free. On the return flight the B737-800 was newly refurbished and had IFE with some good choice of videos. Snacks (to be purchased) are as usual awful. Flight crew polite and professional except the on the MSP-PDX leg where two flight attendants were more preoccupied by taking breaks than serving beverage in a professional manner. No delays on all segments."
"Honolulu - Narita Business. A very pleasant experience. Very comfortable private seat excellent entertainment and very good food on this nearly eight hour flight. Cabin crew could have been warmer but otherwise did an excellent attentive job. On time arrival speedy baggage delivery all added up to a very positive travel day."
"LAX-JFK-KEF return Comfort + on all four segments. The Sky Priority boarding and extra legroom were a real plus but the DL Comfort + seating does not compare to BA Premium Economy. The Levo wraps and frozen yoghurt bars on the two transcontinental flights were 100 times better than the coach dinner and lunch served on the two international segments. Appreciated the open bar on all four flights but not the wine from a box on JFK-KEF. The cabin crews were friendly and professional on all four flights and there was no wait for luggage in either KEF or LAX. The ancient 767 on the final JFK-LAX leg was too warm had poor ventilation and the VOD lacked the live Dish TV option. Boarding for JFK-LAX was chaotic."
"5/0/15 PHL-SLC Airbus A320. Flight similar to the ones I took on 5/4/15. Economy comfort is better than economy but not by much. Its main advantage is priority boarding which allows me to avoid the inevitable rush and scramble for overhead bin space. Rated food as 1 because I didn't buy any entertainment also as 1 because there wasn't any. I don't look forward to flying with Delta even in economy comfort."
"5/4/15 MSP-PHL MD 90. Rated food as a 1 because the inflight offerings do not appeal to me. When I've tried to purchase food items on previous flights the FAs have run out of the items I would have ordered. So I brought my own sandwich. I also brought my own beverage because FAs on a previous flight refused to sell me a bottle of wine for dinner told me to wait for the beverage cart's second round. Rated entertainment as 1 because there was none. The FAs were competent the aircraft clean and on time."
"5/0/15 PHL-SLC Airbus A320. Flight similar to the ones I took on 5/4/15. Economy comfort is better than economy but not by much. Its main advantage is priority boarding which allows me to avoid the inevitable rush and scramble for overhead bin space. Rated food as 1 because I didn't buy any entertainment also as 1 because there wasn't any. I don't look forward to flying with Delta even in economy comfort."
"5/4/15 MSP-PHL MD 90. Rated food as a 1 because the inflight offerings do not appeal to me. When I've tried to purchase food items on previous flights the FAs have run out of the items I would have ordered. So I brought my own sandwich. I also brought my own beverage because FAs on a previous flight refused to sell me a bottle of wine for dinner told me to wait for the beverage cart's second round. Rated entertainment as 1 because there was none. The FAs were competent the aircraft clean and on time."
"5/4/15 SMF-MSP Airbus A320 Economy Comfort legroom adequate service competent. Complaint: Delta does not post economy comfort fares on its website but as separate upgrades for each flight segment. Value for money rated at 1 because I traveled on an award ticket entertainment rated as 1 because the flight didn't have any. Legroom was slightly better than on previous Economy Comfort flights but recline was still minimal. Food for purchase was unappealing but the complimentary snacks and beverages were acceptable. I wouldn't recommend Delta because it seems to focus more on nickel and diming its passengers than in providing quality service."
"On 28 April 2015 my friend and I travelled from Fort Lauderdale Florida to Atlanta Georgia for our connecting flight to Manchester England UK. Due to storms in Florida our flight was delayed by an hour. Despite the pilot's best efforts we arrived at Atlanta B24 35 mins before our flight to England was due to take off. After running as fast as we could we arrived at the check-in desk 10 mins before the Virgin plane was due to depart (the airline was aware of the Florida delay). Despite the best efforts of all the personnel on duty they were unable to get us on the plane. Nevertheless not only did the staff stay with us to locate our baggage at B24 but tried and succeeded to get us on another plane to depart that night. Staff not only located our baggage but ensured it would be put on the new flight. To the lady who got us two seats on the Delta flight to Manchester via Amsterdam and the staff member accompanied us to E30 to make sure we were checked in and on our way home."
"Milwaukee WI to Atlanta GA - Panama City FL return. My mother and I traveled with a connecting flight in Atlanta. We requested wheelchair assistance ahead of time. We were met at every plane with the wheelchair and a very courteous staff member."
"Great service on this fight. YYZ-LGA LGA-ATL. Snack choices were nuts cookies or pretzels and a drink. On time flight both ways."
"Travelled from DUB-ATL-RSW on 22nd April 2015. Very good service from any Delta employee either check in or flight crew we had contact with. My wife and myself travel from DUB 3 or 4 times a year always with Delta to enjoy the Florida sunshine. We do on occasions treat ourselves to a trip up front and to a degree we are looking forward to the trip already booked for the end of Sept when we are using some of my wife's miles to upgrade. Everybody today worked well and provided a very good service on both flights and I would have no problem at all about saying that the Delta workers represented their company very well."
"DL 449 BOG-JFK business class. Awful Avianca lounge in BOG crowded and rude staffed. The aircraft was a 1980- vintage B757 unbelievable! Flight left 35 minutes late with no explanations. Although skypriority boarding was smooth the welcome sparkling wine was warm. No peanuts not even a napkin. Refills were offered by the rather friendly and respectful crew. Nice two course dinner with fair wine offer. Overall a nice experience which was ruined on the return JFK-BOG leg."
"DL 449 BOG-JFK business class. Awful Avianca lounge in BOG crowded and rude staffed. The aircraft was a 1980- vintage B757 unbelievable! Flight left 35 minutes late with no explanations. Although skypriority boarding was smooth the welcome sparkling wine was warm. No peanuts not even a napkin. Refills were offered by the rather friendly and respectful crew. Nice two course dinner with fair wine offer. Overall a nice experience which was ruined on the return JFK-BOG leg."
"Shanghai Pudong-Tokyo Narita on old B767-300ER return on A330-300 both on time check-in/boarding very efficient lounge at Pudong Airport run by China Eastern which is always bad nothing to eat and over-crowded. Inflight food and drinks good considering it's a 2hr regional flight crew very polite and friendly. AVOD is amazing with lots latest movies."
"First time with Delta and very pleased with the result. Seat on the 767 worked fine if slowly and the flat bed was comfortable. This was enhanced by the excellent Westin pillow and duvet. The most comfortable pillow of any airline I have flown with. Food was excellent well presented and flavourful. Cabin crew were pleasant attentive and polite. The only bad thing I can report was the IFE system. It took five or maybe six attempts to make it work and the selection of movies was extremely limited. The small screen was not of great quality either. Flight was on time."
"I flew from BNA-ATL-EYW round trip for spring break. Full planes no upgrades available. Its nice to take a full size plane into Key West. All four flight segments were nice clean comfortable. Seat was tight but its coach and no flight was over 1.5 hours. Flight attendants were competent and pleasant on all legs. Loved the gate crew at Key West campy and competent. Made everyone laugh. Easiest way to Key West in my opinion. It wasn't cheap and my Frequent Flyer miles were no good for a First Class upgrade but I didn't mind a single bit."
"JFK-NRT-SIN And back. Sky club at JFK was nice but wish food didn't need to be paid for. First flight was largely uneventful the seats were what I expected food was nothing special and IFE was great. The lounge in NRT though needs an upgrade in terms of F&B. A lot of other airlines have more than just small bowls of whatever they're serving. (At least there were showers). NRT-SIN was normal and like the previous flight. The return was similar aside from the fact that Delta actually listened to customer feedback and pushed the departure time from 6 to 7am. Not too thrilled that the arrival into JFK is when a bunch of others come in and result in a 2 hour wait at immigration."
"LHR-JFK 29th March 2015 - B767-400 - Boarding was slow at Heathrow but very organised we had a basic economy seat on our outbound sector and I've never seen Seats so small my partner is 6ft 6 and could not fit in the seats and although everyone is entitled to someone even had the audacity to recline their seat in front of him knowing he couldn't fit. Flight was full but the services offered were very good and efficient we were offered a complimentary meal and a snack during the flight along with beverages. Flight attendants were very nice and polite however a couple of them were miserable and rude and towards the end of flight they lost interest and almost threw the coffee at us. We were happy to get off the flight it was very uncomfortable. JFK-LHR B767-300 - Our inbound sector was much better we paid to upgrade into economy comfort with exits seats which also meant priority boarding. Seats were not the greatest but legroom was huge and better for my partner. Flight was a night flight and it was very quiet and almost empty flight attendants polite and services offered again were very good. Both aircraft each way were ageing but at least they got us to our destination. I noticed Call bells were not answered and were left for hours. In flight entertainment was good new films offered for free along with games and TV shows. I would recommend Delta but next time would definitely pay to upgrade both ways due to the seat pitch in basic economy."
"Economy Nice Côte d'Azur to JFK 4th April 2015. Flight was about an hour delayed to leave Nice airport but Delta gave all passengers complimentary pizza and drinks as an apology for the wait (even though I had received an email about the delay several hours before). Boarding took forever as the mandatory checks have become very long and tedious (my carry on bags were opened for a second time right before I boarded the plane although this was randomized from what I understand). The plane floors and loos were quite dirty as if a thorough cleaning had not been done in a while. Very limited food choices although staff helpful with snacks. Other than above (oh and the horrendous immigration queues at JFK) everything else was great."
"Flew Business from BOS to AMS in late February. The newly configured Business cabin on the A330 is now my favorite on any airline or any plane. Very comfortable seat/lie flat bed and personal space. I was traveling with my husband and unlike many other configurations the two middle seats allow two passengers traveling together to actually be together. The food and wine are excellent as usual and the IFE is industry leading. Let me not forget to praise the huge monitor for the IFE. Much larger than other airline's. Delta Business is my preferred airline for international travel. The only areas where they fall a bit short are in the crew professionalism at times. For instance on this flight I was never referred to by name which is just lazy. I just have one other comment and that is I wish they didn't serve a bag of spiced nuts with the first cocktail and instead served something like hot nuts or chips in a dish instead of a bag. Just a little thing but the only are a that isn't top-notch."
"BOS-LAX 738. Boarding was fairly efficient. They boarded basically by two zones after all the preferred boarding for the first/frequent flyer/credit card holders etc. I'm not a fan of the zones as you're always stuck behind someone but at least they turned back people who tried boarding out of their group. They advertise the flight with seatback entertainment on their site but I noticed after booking they often switch to a plane with dropdown monitors. On this flight it switched to an aircraft with dropdowns which actually was not as bad as I thought but not thrilled with how they do that. The overhead monitor showed the latest 'Hunger Games' movie and then the 'Minions' movie which is as good as I would have got with Live TV on the seatbacks. The monitors seem to be every 3/4 rows. They gave nuts/pretzels out twice during the flight which is not bad for legacy carrier and drinks twice. Price was comparable/just below other offerings and at the most convenient times. It arrived early to LAX and had no wait on takeoff due to mid-morning time slot. Middle seat of my row was empty with aided in comfort. 8/10."
"I was aboard a 767 from MSP to LAS (economy class) and a 757 from LAS to MSP (first class). Flight attendants were friendly and planes were clean and seemed well maintained. On time departures with easy and smooth landings and take offs."
"YWG-MSP-PHX. Flew YWG-MSP on a CRJ-900. I was on the 1 seat side rather than the 2 seat side so I had both a window and an aisle seat. Flight attendant was friendly and frequently came by with snacks and refills. MSP-PHX was on an A320. A little disappointing that the A320's don't have seatback TV's seat was comfortable and on par with every other airlines First Class on A320's. Flight attendant was also friendly and efficient. Food was fine (I had soup sandwich and chips). Same as the first flight she was came by frequently with snacks and refills. For some reason on the YWG-PHX route Delta's First Class is only $75 more than Economy. Delta is now my preferred airline out of Winnipeg and in my opinion is better than Westjet which I flew home."
"CDG to ORD March 3 and one week later back both flights leaved on time plenty of food decent inflight entertainment with a great choice of international movies would fly them again."
"Delta recently on a finally two class plane from YWG-MSP (CRJ-900) I believe. Total trip was YWG-MSP-LAS. I despise the United ERJ-145's and similar small product that was on international routes from YWG previously. Thank you to Delta for slightly upgrading the size of your planes out to MSP. Solid 757-300 economy plus to Las Vegas. Solid crew everything was nice and smooth. The 757 had been refurbished had a great AVOD system. Flights on time crew very friendly. I cannot ask for more on this route. It seems to me Delta is making a large effort to improve their customer service and technology and overall experience. It is working wonders it is amazing how far ahead Delta is of United (my other carrier to Las Vegas through DEN). My preferred US carrier."
"Superb flight very helpful cabin crew who couldn't do enough for the passengers and were very friendly. Food good and plentiful as were the drinks. My first time flying with Delta and a very positive experience. Will be booking with them again rather than their partners Virgin who I found (unusually) a little disappointing on the flight home."
"12 hour flight TLV-JFK was excellent because of the crew. Upbeat polite couldn't do enough. Economy seating was fine and 3-3-3 configuration on 777 aircraft is very liveable for that duration. Dinner followed by as many sandwiches peanuts and pretzels as you can eat and as much as many beverages as you like all served with a smile both on request and on cabin pass throughs. Crew on this trip had seniority (I asked) and these were folks who understood the profession of customer service. Video on demand is top in class. A grade. Minus 1 point for lavatories that could have been kept a bit tidier for this long of a flight."
"SJU-JFK in Economy Comfort seats. Late night flight out of SJU. Crew were fine. Economy Comfort seats had adequate legroom - glad we paid for the extra room because regular coach seats looked like torture for tall people. In flight entertainment though was terrible. Tiny overhead movie screens. I thought Delta had all seat back video screens. I would have been really annoyed had I spent the money to sit in First - those seats were not so much better than Econ Comfort and the same tiny overhead movie screens every few rows. We were handed a tiny roll with some cheese and turkey and a Milky Way with the beverage service. It was not a memorable flight and on this route JetBlue still wins every time."
"NRT-PDX-NRT in Premium Economy. I'm a frequent flyer with Delta but usually fly in business class. Going to Portland the food was far superior to the food on the return I'm certain it is because of the high level of catering here at NRT. On the return the amount of food was not good either and there was no food available in the galley. I had to beg to get peanuts and it seemed like I was getting a big favor from the FA (hello 10-hour flight no snack besides ice cream). The seat has enough legroom has a recline that doesn't interfere with the person behind you too much except for making the AV angle uncomfortable to watch for the one behind. Great AVOD which is Delta's selling point in economy. FAs pleasant but not overly so-just doing their job. The toilets were not cleaned throughout the flight. They were stocked with paper products but never once cleaned and trash was overflowing. It was bearable but not enjoyable overall. Hard to come down from business class with a lie-flat seat and good food."
"NRT-PDX-NRT in Premium Economy. I'm a frequent flyer with Delta but usually fly in business class. Going to Portland the food was far superior to the food on the return I'm certain it is because of the high level of catering here at NRT. On the return the amount of food was not good either and there was no food available in the galley. I had to beg to get peanuts and it seemed like I was getting a big favor from the FA (hello 10-hour flight no snack besides ice cream). The seat has enough legroom has a recline that doesn't interfere with the person behind you too much except for making the AV angle uncomfortable to watch for the one behind. Great AVOD which is Delta's selling point in economy. FAs pleasant but not overly so-just doing their job. The toilets were not cleaned throughout the flight. They were stocked with paper products but never once cleaned and trash was overflowing. It was bearable but not enjoyable overall. Hard to come down from business class with a lie-flat seat and good food."
"I flew Delta from St. Louis to Las Vegas via Minneapolis. All four legs left and arrived about on time. The planes MD-90 and 757 we're clean and comfortable. All four of my flights had wifi. The flight attendants were friendly and offered a small snack on the longer legs. The pilots made announcements as appropriate. I will fly Delta again if given the choice."
"LCA-AMS-EWR and EWR-CDG-LCA. Flights on time overall good service. Food drinks and entertainment was good. On return flight was bit delayed because of snow and baggage arrived day after because of handling issues at the transit on French airport (CDG)."
"Flew from BOS to DFW via CVG January 23rd. Very good experience small aircraft both legs but clean I was in Economy Comfort. Flight attendants very good with excellent customer service. From CVG to DFW the flight was delayed due maintenance but it was repaired and the flight went without any issues. Arriving in Dallas just some minutes late but the baggage service was very good and the bags were out quickly. My return flight was DFW to BOS via ATL January 29th also very good planes were full both legs. I didn't get economy comfort on DFW-ATL but paid $19 for a preferred seat I think it was not a good idea since got group 2 and almost didn't get space for my carry-on because group 1 passengers almost got it all. I think if you are paying something extra for a seat you should go on group 1 despite that the flight was very good and the flight attendants were ok. The leg from ATL- BOS was very nice I got Economy Comfort flight attendants very professional and cool both flights departed and arrived on time."
"LGA-BNA operated by Endeavour Air on Jan 30th. Aircraft - 2 week old CRJ900. Departed 2 hours late due to the plane arriving late and the crew attempting (unsuccessfully) to fix a broken overhead bin lock. Eventually they gave up and scotch-taped the bin cover so it wouldn't open during the flight. Otherwise the flight was uneventful and fairly comfortable. Snacks and soft drinks were distributed and the FA's were attentive. My return flight from BNA got cancelled due to LGA completely shutting down due to the winter storm on Feb 2nd so I got rerouted to JFK via ATL. The 40-minute flight from BNA to ATL was uneventful and was on a completely full 23.5 y.o. A320. No food or drink service on this short flight. The ATL-JFK eventually departed 3 hours late despite most other JFK-bound domestic flight cancelled. The MD88 was completely full which was understandable given that the three previous flights to JFK were cancelled that day. Despite its age the aircraft was comfortable and the flight smooth. Upon landing in JFK we had to wait another 1.5 hours on the taxiway for a gate to become available. Bottom line: Delta got me back home albeit 8 hours late but I think that's pretty good given the circumstances."
"Flew LAX-YVR with Delta. My first time with Delta and I was impressed. Took a 6am flight so I was at the airport at around 4am but the staff was present and was able to lift my mood even without my morning coffee. Barely a wait for security or bag check. When I got to my gate the flight crew was already there and chatting with travellers. Boarding was quick. Unfortunately there was a slight delay due to 'mechanical failure' but I still arrived on time. FA were excellent with 3 drink services (I think) and offering coffee and water in-between. I slept about 1.5 hrs out of the three hour flight comfortably due to the lovely headrests that adjust in multiple ways. Didn't try to recline my chair however."
"Suffering from a sinus/head cold I was not anticipating my return from LAX-JFK-BDA on a red eye. My flight was scheduled to depart LAX at 9.40pm and I checked in at Delta's Priority counter around 8:00pm and proceeded quite quickly thru security and found my way to a very crowded SkyClub. When we boarded the aircraft I was pleased to discover that this plane was a newly converted B-767 with the new Business Elite product-proceeding to my seat my coat was stowed and I was served champagne in a champagne glass (so unlike American who still give you those tacky plastic cups) for a pre-flight drink. The seat was 4A and quite comfortable and reclined to a full lie flat bed a nice pillow and quilted blanket as well as an amenity kit. As soon as we were air borne I changed into pajamas and slept most of the way to JFK. The crew were quite keen to help as were the nice ladies in JFK SkyClub during my transit time for BDA. The JFK-BDA flight was also very pleasant although I slept on that one also. All in all a very nice experience with Delta on this route especially with the new Biz Elite product between LAX and JFK-will look forward to doing it again."
"Philly Atlanta Sarasota and back. Out was an MD88 and MD90. Had a bad ankle. Gate agents allowed early boarding on both flights. FAs all friendly. Basic service no complaints. All flights all on time aircraft clean and plenty of room at 5' 10\". Return was MD90 and a 757. Again friendly gate agents and FAs flights all on time and overall good service. As an AE platinum card holder got free checked bag each way."
"Flew SYD-DCA via JFK and return from DCA-SYD via LAX. Both flights were really good. Very friendly cabin crew and individual greetings by the captain. Food was average plane food with 3 meal services from the SYD to LAX and LAX to SYD. I would definitely fly Delta again great service good clean aircraft and also a wide range of inflight entertainment."
"Columbus (CMH) to Managua Nicaragua and back. Personally I felt that Delta delivered an enjoyable experience and I would gladly travel with them again. 1) My initial flight from CMH to Atlanta went well. We left and arrived on time. The plane itself was clean and neat and seats were surprisingly comfortable although my shoulders could have used a little more room. Flight staff were courteous and even though we were on a booked flight I felt comfortable. 2) We experienced over a one hour delay from Atlanta to Managua and had to wait in the plane for about 45 minutes because of traffic over Florida (not Delta's fault). This plane was not nearly as nice as the first (no seat dividers) but the staff were friendly and the flight was still enjoyable. I flied in the Economy class upon my arriving flight. On the way from Managua to Columbus: 1) I flew in the business class cabin and was immediately greeted by friendly staff who were eager to give me whatever drink I desired. The seats were very comfortable and a delicious meal was served. The flight both left and arrived on time. 2) After arriving back in Atlanta we were greeted by an insanely long line to pass through customs. I don't know how much influence Delta had but I had a two hour lay over and just barely made it to my next flight. For the flight from Atlanta to Columbus I flew in the first class cabin which was surprisingly less comfortable than the business class one that I had been in previously. I slept for the majority of the time but was still given good customer service and the flight both left and arrived on time. After this experience I would recommend Delta but would suggest that you have at least a two hour layover to prevent any problems with connecting to another flight."
"We flew TUS-ATL-EVV on the way EVV-DTW-ATL-TUS on the way back. We have two kids and traveling is not always easy. But Delta did a fine job of making things smoother for us by letting us board early and treating our kids very well. (They seem to be the only airline that still gives kids their wings). We were delayed getting out of DTW and the pilots openly made an effort to get us to ATL on time recognizing that people had connections to make. They were true to their word taking a shortcut and flying at a higher speed and we arrived in ATL 10 minutes later rather than the 30-40 we expected. The MD-90 we flew between TUS and ATL was brand-new inside and we were impressed by the service we received from the crew. The fact that you get a drink and a snack is nice I know people that fly Delta just for the Biscoff cookies. The planes are for the most in great condition though the Airbus 320 we flew had a few loose tray tables and could stand to be updated. I've been pretty dissatisfied with American airlines except for Southwest but Delta trumps all of them in terms of flight quality service and passenger dedication. One small irritation: some of the in-flight entertainment is pay-per-view."
"Travelled from Detroit to Paris in Business Elite on Delta's Airbus returning from Rome to Atlanta on a B767. To say the least I was extremely pleased on both flights though the 767 was a little tighter in comparison to the B777 and Airbus. Service food were excellent. Delta continues to be my favorite airline."
"Connecting flight was boarding when my first flight was landing. Agent at the desk said she would call through but I had to get from one end of the airport to the other. I am an older person and went as fast as I could. My mouth went sandpaper dry and I felt quite faint only to arrive at the next flight to find the gate closed! It was Deltas fault I was late there should have been plenty of time between flights if they hadn't delayed so long leaving a small airport initially that didn't have a line up of flights going out. They spent too much time deciding whether or not to de-ice the plane! I'm glad they were careful and did it but could have got the job done a lot faster and got the flight in on time. As the plane for my next flight was still there I begged the agent at the adjacent gate to allow me to board as I couldn't spend the night and next morning in Minneapolis waiting for a flight to Newark. Fortunately she co-operated called through and they opened the door to let me on. I felt the stewardess was unfriendly as I boarded the plane probably thinking I should have been there on time. I think in situations like this there should be some pick up at the gate to get you to the next flight without having to nearly make yourself sick to get there and following flights should wait for all booked passengers making connections when Delta has caused the delay. This might have been a one off situation. I usually have found Delta friendly and helpful as the agent was who helped me to get on my flight."
"Flew Comfort Economy YYC-HKG return. Booked flight 6 months in advance (and got a great deal) but over the next four months our flight itinerary was changed six times. Since some of the changes impacted our flight by over an hour I called to change to other flights - agents were happy to help out and they answer their phones promptly - a pleasant change compared to the waits we usually experience with our regular airline Air Canada. Alerted by email of all but one of the changes which I noticed by accident. We had paid extra for Comfort Economy and one of the changes meant that the fee for Comfort Economy was higher - instead of notifying us that we needed to pay an extra $20 to keep our Comfort Economy seats they just put us in a regular Economy seat and kept the $130 we'd paid to begin with! Thank goodness I noticed. Flights themselves were good. The extra leg room on the long haul flight was wonderful. Wide selection of entertainment. Plenty of food/drink offered and quality not bad (daytime hot meals ok mid flight snack fine breakfast awful). Service attentive. Very cheerful on the way there and pleasant on the return flight. Connecting flights from Calgary-Seattle were on old planes but fine for a one hour flight - staff were great. I would fly Delta again."
"LHR-JFK return. I tend to pick Delta due to the affordability and nice service. Again I was not disappointed. Flight going out of London on time and plane not full. Got plenty of space and the food was good. Coming back to London the flight was packed and the plane was slight older however the food and service was good. I asked for a special meal that was accommodated on both flights! Happy to fly Delta again for sure!"
"PDX-AMS-PDX. I was seated in economy plus for the both legs and this is definitely more pleasurable than the basic economy. However the seat cushion still remain hard and quite uncomfortable for a 10 hours flight. Food was okay and very good entertainment system. The crew was professional and attentive on the PDX-AMS. Unfortunately the cabin crew on the return flight was borderline lazy doing the minimum and spending more time socializing on the back of the aircraft than paying attention to the passenger and especially the cleanliness of the bathrooms."
"ATL-JNB-ATL Business Class. Atlanta flight was on time and the flight crew was very \"seasoned\". Service was good. Food was ok. Nothing special. Seats are great - I'm tall and they do the trick. VOD system is outdated and flight tracker rarely works. The return flight was about an hour late and the crew was much better. Food from JNB was much better than first flight. I would rate the second crew as outstanding. It's all about the seat and the business elite seat is among the best for such a long flight."
"I flew SFO-LAX on a Delta Shuttle emb-175 in first class seat 4A. The seat cushion was pretty hard but fortunately it was only a 50 minute flight. Honestly the first class seats on the emb-175 aren't great and I would never pay for them just upgrade using miles or medallion upgrade."
"We flew Delta Airlines 777 business class from LAX to Bangkok (via Narita) in October 2014. The seating configuration is one of the best we have seen internationally. The lie flat seats were enhanced with two pillows and a comforter. The second/smaller pillow worked very well for your legs/knees over the long flight. The comforter was the most enjoyable blanket we have ever experienced on an international trip. It's amazing that such a small difference in quality can make such a large difference in the sleeping comfort and environment. The only complaint about the seat configuration is that it is difficult to communicate with a traveling partner."
"My flight with Delta was a short 1 hour trip from LAX to SFO. It was unfortunately delayed due to bad weather but the service on the flight definitely made up for this. Drinks peanuts and pretzels were offered soon after departing LAX and a healthy snack box filled with trail mix wholegrain crackers guacamole tomatoes celery and carrots was also provided. I did not expect this to be included in the price at all on such a short flight! After flying with another airline on a domestic US trip the service on Delta definitely stood out and I would definitely fly with them again."
"Flew Atlanta-Dubai Economy. FA were very good but the economy seats are very poor. Packed flight so no elbow or leg room. Left on time. Food and service decent."
"DSM/MSP/LHR 30th November LHR/MSP/DSM 6th December 2014. On all of the flights taken I was treated well by all staff check-in and in-flight. The airplanes were clean even the two short haul flights when the turnaround was very tight. Delta cabin staff are certainly the best by a long mile as compared with the other legacy airline staff in the USA. My flights were a combination of First (internally) and Business (Trans Atlantic). The food on the Trans Atlantic flight was pretty good. My only comment regarding the whole food and beverage service was that the red wine on the LHR/MSP leg was chilled. The equipment used for my Trans Atlantic flight was a 767-400ER which was comfortable (I prefer the Business seating in the 767 as opposed to the A330) and I managed to sleep for 4 hours east bound. Delta are a good airline. People can make or break a business and now it certainly seems that the Delta people will \"make\" the business."
"JFK-ATL-AUS in F. Decided to pay First Class to try their product and Delta has done an excellent job revamping their JFK base. Check-in at the separate Sky Priority area was a top-notch experience it has a completely separate entrance and the area is cozy and classy complete with a seating area and little water bottles at the check in desks. Priority security line was a bonus since it was rush hour and the regular line was just insane. Priority boarding was strictly enforced which was good. Plane to Atlanta on a 757 equipped with the older transcontinental product. Seats were extremely plush and comfortable with great recline and legroom was excellent. Wouldn't mind sitting on those seats on a longer flight. I wish the leg rest would have extended higher though. Breakfast was served which was smoked salmon toasted bagel fresh fruit and yoghurt. I've read positive reviews about Delta's F catering and this was no exception. Everything was fresh presentation was excellent and quantity hit the spot nicely. My only major issue on this flight was the flight lead that served the first cabin he was a tad cold and didn't really interact with the passengers which I admire about US airlines. Service however was efficient and service calls and requests were all honored on a timely fashion. Entertainment system didn't work until half an hour before landing but it wasn't too much of an issue selections for movies shows and music were all great. ATL-AUS on an older 757 seats were huge and comfortable but legroom was limited but still sufficient. Flight attendants were more friendly however only snack options were available despite being a longer flight. Drinks and snacks were provided regularly and were of good quality. Overall Delta is serious about transforming itself as a global airline with a great reputation. All flights were on-time their hard product is reliable catering is excellent and even though I had some issues with service Delta still provided a great flight experience and would not hesitate to fly with them again."
"Flew DL from Milan to JFK after arriving on Etihad couldn't wait to see how DL matched up. I was impressed with the level of service from crew bantering with passengers smiling as they went about their duties so eager to serve. The IFE and meals were equally impressive far better than my preceding flight on Etihad flight. This is surely an improvement from the Delta I used to know perhaps the competition is bringing out a different side."
"DFW-ATL-RSW DFW-ATL in Economy Comfort and ATL-RSW in Economy. Checked in online and it took less than 5 minutes to get through DFW security on a Saturday morning. I was greeted by a friendly gate agent who smiled while welcoming me onboard - what a concept for a domestic airline these days. Onboard the FAs were equally pleasant with the First Class FA even offering to hang the coat of an Economy Class passenger. Snack choice consists of peanuts pretzels or Biscoff - while this isn't much it's still more than you get on any other domestic airline. First leg arrived nearly 20 minutes early and the transit in ATL was painless though keep in mind it is a very large airport if you have a tight connection. Boarding was delayed slightly on the second leg to RSW though we pushed back only a few minutes late and arrived 5 minutes early. This flight was not full and the FAs were once again cheerful while performing the beverage service (but only pretzels this time and no Biscoffs). Captains on both legs kept us well-informed with regards to our route and progress speaking to passengers twice on both legs. Overall I couldn't ask for any more from a domestic flight in coach."
"GRU-JFK business class JFK-SEA and LAX-ATL in first class ATL-GRU in business class. Biz class in 767-300s was great lie-flat seats. 1-2-1 configuration. First class was standard. 757 for JFK-SEA not spacious but felt roomier than in the domestic 767 from LAX-ATL (2-2-2 in first class). Food on all flights especially the international legs was good. Having priority check-in at LAX was especially welcome as I didn't have to take my bags over to the checked bag x-ray station. I didn't need the allowance of 3 checked bags up to 70 lbs for biz class to Brazil but it can be a plus. Service was good especially on the international legs. We chose Delta because it cost less than American or United for this trip. Delta's requirements for using frequent flyer miles is worse than the others but the flights were very good."
"Four flights with Delta LHR-JFK-TPA_ATL-LHR all flights departed on time seats were comfortable and plenty of legroom including the internal flights food typical airline beef chicken or pasta ok and just about edible. Entertainment was very good with large seat back tvs good selection of movies and shows plus a number of games music selection was disappointing and more variety is needed there. Cabin crew worked hard doing numerous drink runs on the international flights beer and wine is free otherwise about $6/7 for internal flights. I like Delta and would fly them in future if their prices remain competitive."
"I flew from Madison-Detroit-Paris-Pisa and return through Rome. On the way there the short flight from Madison was quick and on time. Had plenty of time in Detroit (even though its not the most exciting airport). The transatlantic flight was operated by Air France 777. Excellent as usual. Other short flight to Pisa was okay. Nothing special. On return we rode an A330 from Rome to Detroit. My brother and I had window seats and IFE systems were great. Food was as good as any other airline (though not better than Air France). In Detroit had 2 hours until connection and everything was smooth. Overall great seats food and IFE's both ways."
"I flew from Madison-Detroit-Paris-Pisa and return through Rome. On the way there the short flight from Madison was quick and on time. Had plenty of time in Detroit (even though its not the most exciting airport). The transatlantic flight was operated by Air France 777. Excellent as usual. Other short flight to Pisa was okay. Nothing special. On return we rode an A330 from Rome to Detroit. My brother and I had window seats and IFE systems were great. Food was as good as any other airline (though not better than Air France). In Detroit had 2 hours until connection and everything was smooth. Overall great seats food and IFE's both ways."
"LHR-JFK-TPA-ATL-LHR. All flights departed on time seats were comfortable with reasonable legroom especially on the internal flight food was typical airline beef or chicken and a pasta on the return leg free beer and wine on the international flights liquor payable by debit or credit card only. Entertainment was very good with seat back large screens and a good selection of movies and TV shows I felt the music selection could be improved by more choice. I have flown Delta 3 times now and find them a good airline and reasonable fares I hope to book my next flights with them."
"DL836 30 Oct. I fly Delta from HOU-ATL-HNL and return several times each month. I go out of my way to travel through ATL as opposed to DFW on AA or IAH-HNL non-stop on UA. The upgraded A330 cabins with lie flat all-aisle access seats in Business are a refreshing treat from other tired equipment on AA and UA. ATL-HNL is considered an overwater international segment with all the amenities of a transatlantic or transpacific flight. On my recent trip GOGO inflight satellite WIFI was available making a productive business trip in each direction!"
"Flew JFK-SLC 5 November 2014. Flew economy in an exit row. Ok flight but entertainment system did not operate full flight with no place to move to. Seat did not recline. 4.5 hour flight excellent FA but had to pay for food (I declined). On time take off and arrival."
"DTW-PEK and PVG-DTW Economy comfort. I must say that I fly transpacific on Delta at least 6 times per year and it has been consistently good each trip. They used tired old 747's and A330's from the old Northwest days but a completely refurbished cabin makes it feel like a new plane. Huge new seatback screens feature USB and charging ports. Delta is making an effort to upgrade economy service on transpacific flights handing out free eyeshades earplugs and greatly improved \"Billboard\" branded earbuds. Delta on Demand has hundreds of movies TV and music choices to keep you occupied on these 14 hour flights. Food service is about the same edible but nothing special. Two hot meals and a mid-flight snack consisting of a sandwich fruit and cookie. Service by veteran flight attendants at the top of the seniority list is pleasant and friendly. Overall it can't compare with the Asian airlines on service but not much to complain about."
"Highly Recommended. Flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. Check-in was smooth and on time departure. Courteous flight crew good food - was too much though and nice comfortable seat. On-time arrival and speedy baggage delivery. Overall outstanding experience and would like to choose Delta for future international trips."
"BDL-SJC and back via ATL. Coach between BDL and ATL both ways and First between ATL and SJC both ways. First was good unless you are in a bulkhead seat and you are over 6 feet tall. Other than that the aircraft cabin (new 739) was nice and the service was great. Coming back the flight was delayed for an hour which was awful though I slept through the delay. On the bright side I had plenty of time to connect to BDL."
"Flew PDX-ATL ATL-CUN CUN-LAX then LAX-PDX. PDX-ATL was very clean on a very well maintained 737-900 attendants accommodated sister's nut allergy made sure no nuts or nut containing items were opened good IFE good wifi. ATL-CUN was disappointing. Attendants were friendly and hilarious but the MD-88 was in decrepit shape with a broken sound system broken lights broken a/c etc. CUN-LAX was a bit better of a plane but not as good of a 737 as the first flight (737-700 i believe slightly unclean and lots of TV's weren't working) and LAX-PDX on the CRJ900 was great. 2 drinks snacks as expected aircraft was very clean and had a brand new feeling."
"Was pleasantly surprised by Delta service in Economy class on a round trip between DTW and AMS on Oct. 10 (outbound) and Oct 17 (inbound). Cabin services both ways was attentive throughout the flight - something that some other US-based carriers fail to grasp. The Economy class food was actually tasty and abundant especially on the AMS-DTW flight. Am happy to find a US-based carrier that can hold its own in Economy class against its Euro- competitors. So would definitely recommend Delta service between DTW and AMS as a gateway between the US and Europe - even in Economy the journey is part ot the enjoyment of the overall trip."
"Flew SYD-LAX 1 Oct and returned 13 Oct - After reading reviews online I was a bits hesitant to fly Delta but was pleasantly surprised by the airline. Found the service to be quite good food had a good variety and all meals were served hot. Also good idea about placing the snacks out for passengers to help themselves. Great choice of movies and TV shows to pass the time. Seats were a little uncomfortable but overall a good experience and would definitely fly Delta again!"
"Flew GSO-ATL-SLC-PHX/ LAS-DTW-GSO on a paid First Class ticket - cost only 30% more than the coach ticket and well worth it. DL is working hard to be a serious airline and it's mostly paying off. All flights were on time and generally the service and food very good including a new beef enchilada (really!) lunch item that was excellent. The omelette breakfast out of LAS however- not so much. For me the biggest issue with DL is the age of the fleet. Both long legs were on vintage (25 years old plus) 757s with no modern amenities except pay for WIFI. These old ships showed their age throughout including (my pet peeve) dreadful bathrooms no entertainment whatsoever and old style overhead bins. The one flight with no first class section was aboard the dreaded CRJ200 for a 90 minute flight.. DL generously assigned seat 14A with a GE engine seemingly in the next seat. When will the airlines fulfil their promise of dumping these dogs altogether rather than just moving them from one fleet to another? Overall though satisfaction delivered."
"JFK-FCO return Business class on Sept. 25 - Oct. 5. on A330 - this is the best business class seat by far. Seats newly configured 1-2-1 with easy aisle access. Seat controls entertainment system electronics all user friendly. Lots of entertainment options viewed on a 16-inch flat panel screen. Exceptional service and excellent meal choices."
"Have just arrived in Rio de Janeiro from Miami with a change of planes in Atlanta. From Miami to Atlanta pilot did not even announce the flight duration. From Atlanta to Rio service was certainly not bad by U.S. standards. IFE was good-managed to watch a new release in my personal screen-while alcoholic beverages were also complementary throughout the flight. Arrived on-time in Rio de Janeiro only to find-out that my luggage did not make the tight connection in Atlanta. All in all certainly an acceptable trip and would do it again."
"Honolulu to LA. Lucked out with an internationally equipped aircraft for this normally cramped flight. Great lie flat seat wonderful crew decent meal and excellent entertainment. The B767 business elite made the trip a pleasure but why does the dessert come on the tray when there is plenty of time to do a separate service? This is a pet peeve of mine makes the service seem pedestrian."
"Flew SYD-LAX-MNL. All flights were on time aircraft were clean staff very friendly food satisfactory lavatories well maintained and inflight entertainment stable with a great selection of choices. Safety was adhered to throughout flights. Check-in was smooth. However LAX could have more staff support during the check-in process. Baggage arrived promptly after each flight. Will fly Delta again."
"JFK-LAX on a 757-200 Transcon. Flight pushed back 5 mins ahead of schedule and arrived 30 mins early. The aircraft was recently refitted and the new cabin is spectacular. Felt clean modern fresh airy bright and very comfortable. The IFE was superb. Screens were huge choice was endless and picture quality great (not the standard screens you see on most aircraft). Staff were attentive and happy - came around with the drinks/snacks cart twice and I lost count how many times they came around offering water. Tea/coffee and snacks are complimentary sandwiches etc available for purchase. For a long coast to coast flight Delta far exceeded my expectations."
"Flights 476 and 477. Flew first Class to Barcelona Spain on August 17 2014. Excellent service."
"First class from PDX to LAX. On time good seat comfortable and plenty of space. Easy check in and boarding. Early arrival. Inflight food and beverages woeful. Very limited beverages and my choice of red wine not available. No food apart from a 1/2oz bag of crisps or peanuts. For a two-hour flight something more substantial should be available in First. And nothing else even available for purchase. Staff on board ok. Disappointing apart from the seat comfort and space. I had bought a discounted First class ticket otherwise not worth it. And no access to Delta lounge for First pax unless paid for ($50) or a regular card holder for this service."
"Sep 1 from TYS-DTW-AMS-GVA return on Sep 15 from GVA-AMS-ATL-TYS. Just returned from traveling and used Delta and KLM. My opinion is that Delta has improved its flight services and food on transcontinental flights. Flights were on time customer service was helpful flight attendants were pleasant. The cabin service was much more adequate than in past flights. We did purchase economy comfort seats on the outgoing flight and the extra inches were appreciated. I was very pleased and will continue to use Delta."
"IMT-DEN-SAN-IMT. All flights were on time or early. Ground and flight attendants courteous and efficient provided timely and useful info. The seats and entertainment on the new B737 are quite good for economy. Beef sandwich for purchase was at best OK. Beverages passed a few times on a 3 hr SAN-MSP flight. In my opinion Delta provides a good consistent product these days."
"NRT-HNL-NRT in business class both ways. The flight was smooth on time had decent food lie-flat seats and a very accommodating HNL-based crew of FA. No complaints whatsoever. It always amazes me at the negative comments on this review site considering my consistently good experiences with Delta. They're not the best airline in the world but they seem to try their best."
"Delta 1487 on 09-04-14 from ATL to JFK. The gate agent addressed my wife and I by name as we boarded. All passengers were greeted by the F/A as they boarded. Flight left a few minutes late but arrived early. The meal consisted of a cold shrimp/chicken platter or a turkey/chicken sandwich which was very good. Service was good. My only complaint is the seating. The seat is more comfortable than Economy Comfort but Delta should add an inch of pitch in the first class cabin. I did not rate the inflight entertainment as there was none available due to the short flight. Delta 2043 first class on 09-11-14 JFK to ATL. Flight left about 30 minutes late due to mechanical problems. The captain gave detailed and many updates concerning takeoff times which was appreciated. The plane was an MD 88. Again no inflight entertainment due to the short flight. Food and beverages included snacks from a basket."
"Manchester - Atlanta - Quito - August 2014. Flew Delta for the first time in about a decade and was very impressed. Transatlantic flew an old but recently refurbished 767-2 which was clean and comfortable. Was fortunate to get an exit row seat meaning I had lots of leg room and being 6'3 this was a blessing! Seats were a little hard but no more so than other airlines. Entertainment system was very good lots of options and food and drinks were served regularly. Cabin crew were very friendly and always happy to help. Flight departed on time and arrived early in ATL. ATL-QUI - very old 757-2 and desperately needed refurbing. Seats were worn out no entertainment overhead TVs existed but not used and cabin crew were less friendly. Drinks only served once on a 5 hour flight and food was very poor in comparison to the other flight. Standard American airline for me very good transatlantic but domestic/South America used tired fleet and much less effort made. Will certainly use again if I need to fly transatlantic as was an excellent experience but still much to improve on the other side of the pond."
"July 28 - August 2 2014. DTW to Las Vegas. My husband and I flew Delta this past July (2014) to Las Vegas. I think the staff did a wonderful job. They always offered snacks and drinks. We will definitely fly Delta again."
"SEA-LHR and AMS-SEA I had an excellent experience on these international flights with Delta. The seats were relatively spacious and comfortable and the IFE was really impressive. The food was edible and there were frequent drink services. I had a far better experience than I did with Air Canada on similar routes. I will definitely be flying with Delta on future trips to Europe."
"I flew IND-DTW-JFK to connect to an Air China flight to Beijing there and PVG-DTW-IND on the way back. I was originally suppose to fly IND-JFK to connect to Air China but the flight was delayed to after 9am and I would miss the Air China flight by then. So the agent booked me through Detroit. A320 service to Detroit no food because it was only 30 minutes CRJ900 service to JFK had soda and peanuts. On the way back I was supposed to fly Air China PVG-PEK-JFK and Delta to IND. Air China got delayed and they rebooked me on PVG-DTW-IND Boeing 777 to DTW good food had many choices. No food for the DTW-IND flight as usual. Nice flight attendants good seating good entertainment funny safety video."
"My wife and I recently flew first class on Delta Airlines from Seattle to San Diego on flight 5789. The aircraft was a Jet Embraer 175 a plane that I think is very practical comfortable and sensible for a domestic flight. Also there are no middle seats anywhere on this plane. The crew were very friendly and attentive to our needs. The food was excellent and nicely presented and served by our attentive stewardess. We felt this was the best flight we have taken in a very long time and was reminiscent of air travel from the old days. I have been a frequent air traveler for 55 years so I remember the good old days of travel. I contrast this flight with another first class flight on United Airlines where the service and food were horrible and the plane was filthy with a bathroom that was worse than any gas station I ever saw."
"Flew MSP-LAX-OGG (Maui) RT and was pleased with Delta in both directions. The flights are long so not terribly comfortable but a very nice attendant suggested that I move to Economy Plus seating for the extra legroom on the outbound to Maui. The food options were tasty and fairly-priced. I appreciated that the crew wore Hawaiian- inspired outfits to put us in a festive mood. Hawaii is such an exceptional destination it deserves the extra touches! Delta is my choice for flights lately because they work hard to deserve my business."
"Flew Dublin - JFK return in business elite. Didn't really get that priority feel on check in as you do with most other airlines. Lounge in Dublin ok lounge in JFK terminal 2 is awful. Food is fine and there was plenty of offerings cabin crew very nice seats very comfortable but I think Virgin Etihad and Qatar Airways business class is far better with a classier feel to it. On saying that I would fly with them again."
"Flew CDG-MSP-YYZ. First aircraft was an A330-200 which was somewhat spacious. IFE was excellent but the headphones were not that great. Seats were nice and the blanket and pillow were good. The meals were above averages and were filling. A lot of drink services too. Connection was a breeze as well. The flight after that was a CRJ-900 so it was more cramped and without IFE but the aircraft was new and spotless. Seats and service was OK for a regional flight. Wifi on board but you have to pay. All in all the two flights were pleasant and really surprised me."
"MCO-LHR via Atlanta. The internal flight up to Atlanta was surprisingly spacious seating in economy for this short flight. The transatlantic flight from Atlanta to London was on a B767 with a decent seat with good leg room. The IFE offers a good choice to occupy the time and the meal was ok and standard for economy. Delta is a no nonsense airline that does the job you pay for."
"Flew MEX-DTW recently on Delta on a nice and fairly clean A319. Economy class seats had decent legroom - inflight wifi was a huge plus but no other IFE was on offer even in business class. Ham and cheese sandwich was served as a snack which surprised me as I expected no food in economy class. Flight arrived and departed on time. Staff were attentive and polite."
"A few months ago I was flying home from Chicago via Minneapolis. I don't really care to connect but Delta had the lowest fares and I was okay with that. The flight to Minneapolis from Chicago was delayed due to a plane issue. The staff on the ground were excellent at handling the issue and on the plane they were helpful as well. Unfortunately this was not the case with the rest of the staff. Upon arrival to Minneapolis I had to run to my gate to make my flight. As I got there I had to argue with the gate attendant about getting my seat. Note I'm a 17 year old who can't book a hotel has nowhere to stay and needs to be on that flight the last one out that night. Thankfully the man gave me his seat and I made it home. Staff on the MSP-MCO leg were very rude. I was very unimpressed. I love Delta but it put a sour taste in my mouth."
"NRT-ATL in business elite. The aircraft is an old 747 but renovated a few years back with the lie flat seats and if you're in the upper deck very nice indeed. It's quiet two toilets for less than 20 passengers and two flight attendants. The entertainment selection is excellent. My vegetarian meal was OK nothing special but not bad. It was a smooth and comfortable flight. The only complaint I have is about the service. The FA's on US carriers are very familiar and have a jokey attitude that I think most Americans quite enjoy. I have lived overseas for over 20 years and do not like that. I prefer kind polite service without the constant sarcasm and humor."
"Economy LHR-MCO via BOS. First time in 4 years with Delta and I have to say I was impressed. The seat on the 767 out of LHR was fine (and I am a big chap) with good leg room. Flight attendants were professional if not a little unsmiling. Food service was good and drinks complimentary. The IFE was good with a good selection. The internal flight down to MCO was delayed an hour due to bad weather but we made up some time during the flight. For me Delta is a no nonsense service that ticks boxes without the wow factor."
"July 25 2014 Miami - Atlanta - Asheville return August 3 2014. All flights leaving and returning on time. Clean aircraft. Pleasant flight attendants. Would fly Delta again."
"Flew late July on Delta round trip from Minneapolis to Beijing and back with two layovers in Seattle (SEA to MSP was on Alaska Airlines code share not included in ratings). Booked through travel agency. Overall an enjoyable and satisfactory trip. Only item of note is that a travel companion lost her passport on the MSP to SEA flight and couldn't board the plane to Beijing in Seattle help staff at SEA were very helpful and accommodating they got her passport back and put her on the next flight to Beijing."
"GRU-ATL-MDW and SEA-DTW-GRU business class. Very comfortable truly lie-flat seats in 767s for the international legs (maybe not quite as nice as the A330s of US Airways in biz class). My wife had asked for boarding assistance due to an arm injury and she said whenever she made any move on the GRU-ATL leg an attendant was at her side almost immediately. No Delta club at GRU so had to use the somewhat smaller and more basic Gol Airlines club. First class for the ATL-MDW and SEA-DTW legs was your basic domestic first class. Nothing spectacular but fine. Decent selection of movies at least in the 767s."
"Flew DEN-JFK then CDG-MSP-DEN in Business. Was pleasantly surprised as I had not travelled DL in about 10 years. Domestic segments decent with excellent service and meals. Crew chatty and actually acted like they wanted to there. CDG-MSP with flat seats on A330. Crew were okay but still miss the class of European carriers and kindness of EK/SQ. No smiles and rather perfunctory service. Food better than AF and seat much better; Entertainment was excellent with big screen and got about 3 hours of good sleep. Only negative was appalling ground staff at JFK- rude surly and could care less. Will avoid JFK as best as I can."
"My latest flight on Delta was PHL-MSP-AMS-ARN-AMS-JFK-PHL. Why such a circuitous route to Stockholm? Delta's service: I seem to be the lucky person who gets a great flight crew (even when in Coach) good food and on time departures. The upgrade of the business cabin to business elite with lie flat beds was a great way to fully relax and get quality sleep. Even though I am now based in USAIR/American country I still fly Delta - and know a lot of great people in all of their hubs. Only drawback is their very restrictive FF program. But day to day I would rather have a good flight experience over using my miles to upgrade."
"Frankfurt - JFK on a B763. Very good experience: Nice seat pitch (for comparable ranks) cheerful and attentive service tasty meal and punctual take off."
"Flew from Amsterdam to Boston DL267 Economy Comfort service was excellent FA's chatted and were very kind. I have noted that past reviews of Delta are not very good but that seems to be inter-American and not Delta's international flights. The Comfort seats have plenty of leg-room and are very good for a 7 hour flight and as they are just behind Business Class you de-board very quickly ! Flight back DL266 was just as good so I will be telling everyone to fly Delta."
"Flew from Atlanta to Las Vegas return for business convention. Smooth on time flight both ways excellent service and professional staff. On the flight back we sat on the tarmac for an extra 10 minutes or so. The pilot then proceeded to the runway. On the way he explained that he requested an alternate route out of Las Vegas since he wanted to avoid storm clouds and turbulent weather. I'm a nervous flyer and I was very impressed that Delta will actually do this. I'm sure it affected there on time statistics and probably cost Delta more in fuel expenses to take an alternate route. I will fly Delta from now on."
"Business Elite MSP-SEA-PEK-SEA-MSP. All Sectors were excellent. International Service was fine. Food was good. All Flights were on time and had a chance to use the new immigration Kiosk's. It was a little faster. Not sure why but got a hand written note from the purser thanking me for my business. I see a definite improvement with Delta. I hope it continues."
"Flew DL #231 from Amsterdam to Boston on July 6 and I have to say that it was a great flight. On time departure early arrival. Very tasty meal (Thai chicken) perfectly adequate amount of food. Nice snacks first an ice cream then a sandwich. I really appreciate the large bottle of water everyone gets after the meal service. Inflight service was very efficient though I think the flight attendants could have smiled a bit more. Seat size and pitch were comfortable and I'm not a small person. Inflight entertainment was outstanding - a huge choice of movies both new releases and older classics - that I really didn't want the flight to end. Perhaps I'm just easily pleased but I found this Economy Class experience to be very good."
"Flew BOG-JFK-BOG. Check in at both ends flawless both flights left on time and arrived before schedule which I think is a great achievement. Service was good breakfast on the BOG-JFK very poor meal on the JFK-BOG was much better. Seats were uncomfortable but we had a great price for our tickets."
"Short flight Shanghai to Narita. Very well done. 777 Business Elite has an odd layout can't see out window even in window seat without craning neck. Other than that comfortable nice breakfast and excellent professional crew. Bring that style to domestic flights and Delta will succeed."
"The CRJ 700 service from Halifax to La Guardia in New York is a quick 90 min hop. The economy seats are cramped but they are on all the Canadair regional jets in economy class. I got my drink. I got my pretzels. And other than that the flight was completely uneventful. This is when you realise flying has become a complete commodity. Now how could we change that?"
"This flight was in \"Business Elite\" between Austin Texas and Buenos Aires Argentina with an intermediate stop in Atlanta Georgia. The outbound trip was in early February 2014 and the return was in mid February 2014. Measured against other US carriers international performance Delta was exceptional. Measured against other international carriers their comparative performance was at the least \"competitive\". Other than one sort of \"rough around the edges\" male flight attendant on the return trip the entire experience was quite acceptable."
"Flew Mar 30 NRT to BKK. All flights were great. Flight was on-time and the in-flight entertainment was great. Apart from the meals - some Thai passengers cannot eat beef so the flight crews tried to ask other passengers who could eat beef and changed the meals around. We feel disappointed with their food services."
"Round-trip flight from Quito Ecuador to Birmingham Alabama with one stop in Atlanta. The check in process was difficult since we are foreigners trying to leave the country. Nothing against Delta. The delta gate agents went through 3 security procedures before we even lined up to go to the plane. I think it was the airport's rules. I flew a Delta 757-200 to Atlanta on a red-eye flight. We took off around 11.40 pm and we started flying over the Pacific Ocean. There was no personal entertainment on this type of aircraft so we were forced to watch a movie. They started serving \"breakfast\" around 1.20 am. \"Breakfast\" was a cold turkey and mayonnaise sandwich fruit and a brownie. They took they tray away and we did not eat anything else. Around 5.00 am we started our descent into Atlanta. The landing was smooth and we soon de-boarded and headed through immigration to board our next 56 min flight to Birmingham. Atlanta airport is very confusing as to where restaurants and lounges are. We boarded our MD88 to Birmingham. Since it was an hour flight they should have served us something but the didn't. We landed in Birmingham smoothly."
"Narita - Bangkok June 13 Business Elite 747. Slight delay due to hold for other delayed inbound flights but all in all an excellent flight. Chief Purser was an experienced friendly (old school) gentleman who worked hard to insure good service. Seat was a comfortable lie flat pod offering more privacy than the first class American 777 I had just connected from. Decent food with even a light second offering before landing. Excellent entertainment options offered. I would certainly do this again."
"I just returned from a round-trip First/Business Elite FLL-ATL-MUC-ATL-FLL trip. I really must say that all the flights were great. Every flight was on-time the flight crews were exceptionally good the in-flight entertainment was good but could be improved the meals were good and tasty. I only wish Delta would update its meal service and add some new items. Going over to MUC the man behind me even commented to the flight attendant \"Is it the usual?\" It is always steak chicken breast pasta (no meat or fish - just pasta) and a cold plate. I've written to DL about adding fish lamb duck etc. to the rotation. (They actually had lamb on the MUC-ATL flight!) Even flight attendants say that every time they have \"fish\" it is the most ordered by passengers. I guess Michelle Bernstein has run out of ideas. That is my only suggestion to improve things in Business Elite: Get more imaginative on the meal offerings! It really isn't that difficult."
"I flew from Heathrow to Seattle. To be honest I was dreading the flight as I had read some really bad reviews of Delta. But it was excellent. The seat back screens were the biggest I have seen in Economy - with a great selection of films TV shows and music. The food whilst being obviously \"airline food\" was nice enough and lots of it. They listed only one meal - lunch - on the website but they served two more rounds of snacks throughout the flight - an ok sandwich and a really nice calzone. The staff were really friendly as well. Again I was dreading the service as a lot of other reviews mentioned their bad attitude. But the ones on my flight were lovely. Not sure if this is a sign of better things to come from Delta or by the fact that the route is brand new for them but it was a great flight."
"I was a bit stubborn about flying Delta for the first time since I'm a fan of Frontier and I don't fly very often about once every three to four years. I took flight 1531 from MSP to BWI and I was very impressed. We left on time and the crew was friendly. After this experience I am very eager to fly Delta again."
"JFK-LHR. Had a great on time flight out of JFK with Delta. I found the service friendly and food was great. Constantly coming through the cabin with refreshments certainly not dehydrated at the end of the flight. Only criticism was when we were coming in to land into London the cabin crew did not ask passengers to raise their closed window blinds which made me feel a little unsafe sitting in the middle seats as I couldn't see what was going on outside during landing. The flight attendant told me after it's not US policy to raise the window blinds Delta why not just make it part of your safety policy. Would fly them again."
"DL 1134 PBI-ATL. Great ground experience. Inbound flight late prior to equipment arrival gate agents asked for volunteers to check baggage at no charge to destination to speed up boarding and ease overheads. Turn around was 25 minutes gate arrival-departure. Plane was clean crew greeted boarding passengers with genuine smiles. They assisted loading overheads with no attitude. In flight they chatted with passengers. Crew even made the cart in aisle/trip to lav a pleasant game of I move/you move. I was in a time warp. Flying was fun. Three more flights on Delta that week were routine but what an experience this one flight was."
"Considering how Delta Airlines was an American Air carrier I initially wasn't expecting much and imagined that service would be mediocre sort of like Air Canada but to my surprise my Delta experience was great! Staff were polite the flights were punctual with my returning flight from MSP-YVR being about 15 minutes late due to a computer that needed replacement. Other than the fact that they should really replace/refurbish those A319s my flight was very pleasant."
"Travelled MSP-LHR AMS-MSP in May 2014. Flights were on time. Flight attendants responsive enough and food was okay. Economy comfort seats provide decent legroom. I travel with Delta quite a bit and rarely have problems. They get you to your destination reliably for a decent price."
"JFK-LAX on a 757-200 in Business on May 17 angled seats with ample leg room excellent service then onward to HNL on a 757-300 in First: seats comparable to Premium Economy as far as the leg room goes poor recline the service was excellent though large screen IFE good food and drinks. May 25 HNL-LAX on an aged 767-200 in First same poor seat recline but good food and service old-style IFE. May 26 LAX-NYC on a 767-300ER Business Elite outstanding newly refurbished cabin flat bed seats outstanding food and service. The only complaint - never - ending turbulence but that was not airline's fault of course. To sum up Delta's First Class is not worth the money I will stick to premium economy instead in the future and the Business Elite is simply outstanding for a Domestic flight."
"Third long haul flight with Delta LHR-ATL-TPA-ATL-LHR all flights on time first transatlantic flight they run out of food selections so only had pasta left which looked rather unappetising. Good selection of movies and games on the long haul flights seats were comfortable with good legroom. My only gripe is Atlanta airport why do you have to queue to go through security after getting off an international flight to connect with your next plane not Deltas fault but never had to do this before."
"Travelled to London with my mom JFK-LHR via a Boeing 767-400ER on DL 403 which was an evening flight. Everything went very pleasant from food service to inflight entertainment seat comfort and cabin crew as well as cabin cleanliness. My complain would be our return flight which was rather a Boeing 767-300 aircraft. The Cabin was not clean and very narrow bathrooms have some odor and seats were comfortable even for a seven hour flight. Everything else went ok the crew looked exhausted and smiled less they were friendly and very caring. Also to mention food portions are quite small and selections must be thought carefully. If it was not for their 767-300 plane everything went very well. I prefer better other airlines notably American British Airways and Virgin Atlantic as a better option for economy especially with AA's B777-200ER which was their major upgrade."
"YUL-JFK-NRT-HKG. It was my first time flying Delta. I usually fly Japan Airlines or any other Asian airlines because of all the bad experiences I had with US based Airlines. From the check in agent I was greeted with a big smile. The planes were clean flight attendants full of energy and smile. To my surprise the captain apologize for the slight delay we had from JFK to Narita. That is something you hear only on Asian Airlines. The seats were comfortable for economy and the food was great!"
"Return leg of a paid first class ticket LAS-ATL-GSO. Seemed like circumstances were lining up to give my wife and I a major headache - Bad weather on the East Coast late (mechanical not weather) departure from LAS tight connection in ATL and no seats ex LAS going anywhere East. Helpful agent and supervisor booked hotel in ATL in case we misconnected but we didn't need to have worried a fine tailwind got us to ATL in time for our connection. Newer planes on these 2 legs; the aircraft on the LAS-ATL leg even had a rudimentary IFE system. However my joy was short lived as my headphone jack didn't work and I was denied the opportunity to watch reruns of a few TV programs. Food was fair (basically the same as the outbound journey) seat comfortable service attentive ground staff throughout helpful and efficient. I'll stick with Delta through this purple patch they are enjoying."
"The gate experience is good with staff pointing the way. This is especially good at Paris DeGaulle where there are endless gates and lines and confusion. Once on board the experience lessens as the attendants seemingly are frequently tired and occasionally indifferent. I have never been hot (not warm but hot as in a cabin temp of the high 70's) on an overseas flight. A request to a attendant brought the equivalent of a sleepy shrug. The food is edible and the presentation tries to be quality but it falls flat with the quality of the food and the occasional rush to serve and clear. I hate the business class pods - ok for the sleeper or someone doing work but impossible to talk or interact at all with a companion. Baggage handling is excellent for sky priority. Delta clubs vary from seedy (JFK) to nice. Nothing as nice as the Air France clubs at Paris CDG."
"Paid for 1st class GSO-ATL-LAS. Delta continues to do a good job in their attempt to be a cut above the other Legacy airlines? Flights were on time check in and boarding easy food good. Service prompt and efficient if not jaunty. The flaw in the program in my view is the age and features of the equipment. DL's policy is to fly them until they run out of hours and our sky veterans had amassed 51 years between them! No IFE on either flight an ugly and not overly comfortable first class seat and 25 year old bathrooms - my ongoing pet peeve with DL."
"I flew from YYZ to Detroit to Seoul I was sceptical at first flying Delta because of all the negative reviews. I am very pleased with the whole experience. Enough leg room great entertainment system and great food. I love the snack bags in the middle of the night and bottles of water. Little details really makes a huge difference the ear plug and eye cover warm wipes and cold wipes after boarding and when you wake up. Even the washroom is roomy. Flight attendants are efficient. I will definitely try to fly Delta whenever I can."
"Flew PDX to AMS. Flight departed slightly late but actually arrived early. At check-in I enquired as to whether I could pay to upgrade myself to business class but they said they don't have such a program for last minute upgrades which was rather odd as other airlines regularly do it for a fee. Having said that in many ways I was glad I didn't as my normal economy seat was extremely comfy with loads of personal space. Delta has the best inflight entertainment system I have used with a massive selection of entertainment. Having said that they really need to do something about their meals as they were awful and almost as bad as Air Canada. I didn't eat my main course as it smelt awful food but was supposed to be beef stroganoff. The food was the only thing to let Delta down as their cabin crew were friendly and efficient making sure we had regular supplies of water to keep us hydrated. Id definitely fly Delta again but would order a special meal to see if said meal would be better."
"Flying to Detroit From Tampa on a 737-800. Service on the plane: it was a good experience. Flight Attendants were polite and cared about me and other passengers (unlike United and BA). Food was only pretzels and cookies and a drink of choice (it was only a 2hr flight). Seats were comfortable. Service in the airport-Good service no long lines and friendly airport crew! I enjoyed Delta and will fly them again!"
"DCA-ATL-DCA MD-90; Economy. \"We love to fly and it shows\" used to be Delta's slogan. Standards have slipped a lot since then. DCA counter bag drop-off was prompt after online check-in and the outbound flight was on time. It is amazing how many seats they have crammed into this aircraft recently to make money from Economy Comfort seats. The seat itself is reasonably comfortable for about two hours but the reduced legroom is awful. I am average height so I feel for taller people. Both planes were very clean and appeared well-maintained for 18+ year-old aircraft. A drink and mini pretzles were served on both flights. ATL bag drop-off after online check-in was quite quick. The inbound flight was delayed by 75 minutes but they made-up 25 minutes of that lost time. Flight attendants outbound were friendlier than those inbound. Overall this type of service will be acceptable for two to three hour flight segments and I will use Delta again."
"Flew MAN-ATL-HNL and LIH-LAX-ATL-MAN in Business Elite/First. Outbound flatbeds on both legs although I found the 'herringbone' 330 better than the 'offset' 767. Food and drink good on both but I noticed that Delta have stopped their wonderful hot nuts on Business Elite (MAN-ATL) but they were still served on First (ATL-HNL). Return LIH-LAX was delayed 3.5 hours due to computer failure at LAX. Delta contacted us (unlike United) so we were able to delay our arrival at Kauai Airport (LIH). The 757 on this route was very tatty with a number of broken footrests and ought to be retired. We made the connection at LAX and ATL and arrived at MAN 30 minutes early. Refreshments on the two First segments were acceptable and excellent on Business Elite. The staff on all flights were very attentive."
"Flight 67 to Atlanta connecting to flight 1384 to Orlando on April 28. My mother returned home from Zurich to Orlando after visiting us in Europe. Unfortunately while here she spent time in the hospital. Various Delta employees with whom we were in contact were extremely helpful in rebooking flights and assisting her before during and after her flights including wheelchair support. She enjoyed the flight (in economy comfort) the service the food etc. As a family we have flown Delta during many years and continue to be impressed with the airline more so recently with the many improvements they have and are implementing. We will happy continue to recommend Delta airlines."
"Flew from LAX-ATL on B777-200 then ATL-CMH on A319. Both legs were great and crew very attentive. First class seat on the B777 was a comfortable seat if somewhat difficult to settle into at first. The A319 was uncomfortable and took a while to find that special spot to get comfortable. All considered the service I got for what I paid was excellent. Bags were first off the carousel and waiting when I got there which I liked a lot. Only issue was the miserable check in lady in LAX. DL also need to re think their lounge policy for First class passengers."
"MAN-Atlanta Atlanta-Memphis Memphis-Las Vegas Las Vegas-Salt Lake City Salt Lake City-Memphis Memphis- Detroit Detroit-Amsterdam April 2014. All of our America trip was with Delta and everyone was excellent in every way. From check in to boarding to seat leg room were superb. The pilot and cabin crew were so friendly the captain thanked everyone on each flight personally standing at the entrance with the cabin crew. 7 out of our 8 holiday flights were with delta and we had no problems with any one was with KLM see that review."
"Flew LHR-JFK and connecting internal flights to MCO. Excellent service at the airport and onboard. Very helpful and friendly cabin crew on all legs of the journey. Planes were clean and comfortable despite being a little old. Flight crews were very informative about potential turbulence flight times etc. There was a good selection of up to date movies and TV series available on personal entertainment screens for the long haul parts. Cabin crew would frequently offer drinks served dinner and a breakfast plus newspapers and other amenities on this section. Punctual and a pleasant experience. Would definitely fly with them again."
"Madison WI to Gainesville FL via Atlanta. Flight delayed by a few hours leaving Madison. There was a decent snowstorm going on at the time and I presumed that was the cause of the delay. Arrived late in Atlanta and just missed the connecting flight to Gainesville. Delta staff at Atlanta said the delay was actually due to mechanical reasons and promptly provided meal and hotel vouchers for an excellent hotel and rebooking on the first flight the following morning. Obviously the delayed flight is a negative but in this particular case Delta efficiently made adequate accommodations for stranded passengers in a situation where it would have been easy for them to blame the weather and refuse to make accommodations at all. For that they deserve some commendation."
"I went DTW-SFO AND SFO-DTW. Took Delta Airlines Boeing 767-300 both ways. The seat comfort was great! There was a lot of leg room. The staff wasn't very friendly. They weren't smiling that much or very polite. There was a lot of food selection and prices were decent. We got complimentary drinks twice which was great. The inflight entertainment system has a ton of selection although most of the movies and tv shows cost money. But the music selection was amazing so it was great. Overall the Delta flights were really good and I would definitely fly it again."
"I fly international in economy class from Seattle (SEA) to Japan (NRT) about twice every month. I have flown this route more than 10 times already and with a variety of different airlines. At first I was sceptical about flying with Delta but Delta has made up a lot of ground recently in my opinion. While Delta is no match for Singapore airline's service and no match for ANA's food it does beat out United airlines in both of these categories. One major problem I have with Delta's international flight is that they really only served one meal whereas Singapore and ANA gave you a full 2 meals. Over a 9-10 hour flight having only one major meal feels a little lacking and will leave you hungry walking off the plane. The food that is served is also not exciting but gets the job done. In-flight entertainment is good with plenty of choices and nice screen size/brightness. I fly often so this is particularity important especially over such a long segment. Seat comfort is mediocre but its economy so you get what you pay for however I have used Premium Economy seating with Delta and I'd have to say its worth the few extra $. If flying ANA on this segment on a 787 Dreamliner your Regular Economy seating will outclass Deltas Premium Economy seats however. To rap up I'd say since Delta is usually 100$ cheaper than the other competitors mentioned above you really get what you pay for."
"DL010 ATL-LHR on 7th March. Very tight connection from Dallas through Atlanta made the flight with minutes to spare and my bags made it onto the flight too! Extremely attentive cabin staff comfortable lie flat bed good selection of food and drink IFE was a little dated but didn't mind as was tired and needed the sleep. Flight arrived early quick bag delivery. All round great experience."
"Economy Comfort DTW-LAX on a 767-300 and LAX-DTW on a 737-900. To LAX the 767-300 seat was good although it did not have the adjustable headrest. Multiple drink runs and plenty of cookies peanuts and pretzels. Personal entertainment had okay choices. Back to DTW the 737-900 was great. Seats were very comfortable. Again multiple drink runs and lots of snacks. Purchased the fruit/cheese tray and tapas both of which were very good. The personal entertainment had tons of movies. Overall - very good experience. I hope that all aircraft get seats with adjustable headrests as they do make a difference on a 4+ hour flight."
"We had a very good flight from DUS to LAX with transfer in ATL. Service on both flights was good even if meals on the inner-USA flight were not for free."
"Our flight from LAX to JFK was on time and we arrived earlier than planned. Service was a little slow due to the reason they don't accept cash payment for meals and Credit Card verification wasn't that fast. Inflight entertainment was really good!"
"Flew Washington to London via Atlanta. Flight from Washington to Atlanta was fine drinks service and pretzels provided however bad weather meant the service was suspended. Annoying the flight was full and warnings were given about hand luggage due to the flight being full however quite a lot of other passengers had loads of luggage including massive cases that would normally be checked in. Flight from Atlanta to London was fine meal service delayed due to bad weather but meal was tasty and full drinks service offered. On demand TV with good selection would definitely fly Delta again."
"BOS-ATL-LIM-ATL-BOS in Business Class. Flight experience was excellent. Great crews very comfortable lay-flat bed seating wonderful IFE superb meals. Additionally very good wines offered. I have never had aged wines on a flight before. The return from LIM to ATL was canceled due to a mechanical issue and DL had to fly the part down on their flight from ATL the next day. DL did a commendable job accommodating the over 200 passengers. Excellent pro-active customer service. The only part of this trip that was any type of letdown was the Club in ATL in Terminal E. The Club was packed the seating awkward and uncomfortable the food offerings pretty bad and the Wifi so slow it was unusable. The BOS Club was great however. All in all a very good experience yet again with DL."
"Flew CZM to ATL. We were supposed to leave on 28th January but didn't end up leaving until 30th January. This obviously wasn't the airlines fault so you cannot give them a worse score for the weather. We were complimentary upgraded to business class on this flight but since the plane had landed the night prior they didn't have the hot meal we received on the way down. They did however give us all the cookies and chips and any other snacks they had. Along with liquor. The seats were very comfortable and the flight attendants were very courteous. Overall a great flight."
"Flew GSO to CZM through ATL. We received complimentary upgrades to business class. The meal was the best meal I have had on a plane and the sandwich and puree would have rivalled sandwich shops. Everything was excellent. The seats were comfortable and the flight attendants were helpful and courteous. Highly recommend."
"DL1467 13 Mar ATL-SAN. Flight operated with 767 equipment. As with all DL west coast flights medallion upgrades limited to a very few high Diamonds (I am a platinum medallion and was about 17 on the list for 5 upgrade seats). However the Economy Comfort seat was quite comfortable but more importantly the inflight service was superb. Flight time was 4hrs 15mins and the somewhat senior cabin crew provided non-stop service. Two drink runs water in between and a flight attendant always in the aisle. Special requests fulfilled graciously. This was true Delta service from the heart and was to me a benchmark of what DL can be. Even though I am a Million Miler I was impressed by one of the best flights I have had."
"Flew DL007 from DXB to ATL. I have traveled this flight 12 or more times. Most of the time my experience is always positive. This specific trip the IFE was not working very well for the first 3+ hours of the flight. They had to reset the system about 4 or 5 times. I was seated in 44J (Exit row window seat). I always sit in Row 44 which is the row with nothing in front of you. I am a frequent flyer so I have this option. The food was decent. The mid flight snack is normally just a turkey sandwich and a mini banana. You can normally get one drink with your meal just ask for it. The flight attendants are very kind every time on this flight. Sometimes you get a joker too. The bathrooms always become quite disgusting but that's understandable on a 15 hour flight. I enjoyed my flight but will be flying Business class with my miles next flight."
"Rochester to Ft Lauderdale through Atlanta 3/6/14 - 3/9/14. I was very happy with two aspects and unhappy with one. We taxied from the gate in Atlanta found there were tornadoes in Florida and turned back to the gate. The speed with which we were told what happened and with which Delta decided to bring us back to the gate were beyond anything I've recently experienced from the airlines. I was very impressed with the kindness and quick solution when I got home after the trip realized I left a book on the plane called the airport held it for me and I got it back two days later. My one complaint was with the one hour line to get through TSA at 5 am March 9 in Ft Lauderdale-I think Delta blames this on TSA. Overall very satisfied with Delta."
"Feb 25th flight DL4884 DL4938 / March 4TH DL5355 DL892 DL4682. I had not ever flown with Delta before last week. I have been very impressed with the customer service as well as the price. Atlanta airport was daunting first time round but the second visit was much easier to work through."
"CDG-MIN-DFW - great service - nice staff - managed to get me and my luggage in an 1 hour connection (got on the plane 15 min before take off)."
"I was travelling with my teenage son and 3 others on a flight to Boston. We received excellent service from everyone. The attendants encouraged our tall teenage boys to move to seats with more legroom as the flight was not full and supplied them with all the refreshments they asked for with a smile. They gave us great advise for when we landed. Extra cups of tea were not a problem and also came with delicious cookies! Our return flight a week later was even better with the same crew who were interested in our trip and how we had got on with the snowstorms. They again encouraged us to move for more room and once again all refreshments were served with a smile."
"Flew from Seattle to Vegas on a \"cosy\" CRJ900. Service was friendly seat comfortable and snacks and drinks on offer were good for a 1hr 45min. Flight and bags were first on the carousel easily worth the extra $70 IMO."
"DL002 London Heathrow to JFK 15th Feb returned on 21st Feb flight KL6005 JFK to London Heathrow. This is the first time I have used Delta Airlines. The value for money was great. The meals were some of the best I have tasted inflight with a good selection. The entertainment was also extremely good with a vast selection to choose from. The staff were not warm and friendly and the plane was not cleaned to a great standard there were peanuts down the side of the chair that had been there for some time. The staff did not know who their partnership airlines were and we were advised to go to a different terminal due too this. Flying home from JFK seats were not allocated until the gate meaning on a night flight my daughter was on the opposite side of the plane to myself."
"Feb 7 2014. Frankfurt (Germany) to NYC (USA). All in all I had one of the best long distance flights in a while. The plane itself was new leg space was a lot better than for instance on Air Berlin flights. The safety video was the funniest I had seen. Delta definitely had the greatest selection of films I have seen on the plane although some of them had Russian/Chinese/Korean subtitles but I wasn't disturbed by that. I know a flight is not all about food but I was surprised by the variety of things served. The crew were generally very friendly and served the first round of drinks approximately an hour after take off followed by snacks (pretzels and salted peanuts) a fantastic hot lunch (chicken/rice/vegetables) and tea/coffee straight afterwards. The next round of snacks (same than before) was served a few hours later and 1.5 hours before landing we even got another meal this time a hot tomato-mozarella sandwich followed by ice-cream. I would certainly recommend flying with Delta."
"ATL-DUB Delta 176 in business class leaving Atlanta on November 22 and returning November 30 Delta 177. The food was fantastic and filling. I liked the fact that there was a great selection of entrees both for the main meal and the meal prior to landing. The seat sort of reminded me of L'Espace Affaires on Air France in 2007. That said it was very comfortable. The only downside is that I was unable to sleep. The flight crew going to Dublin was nothing short of fantastic. The flight crew returning was great but not as good as the outgoing crew. The in- flight entertainment was OK. While I didn't explore as much on the outgoing flight I was able to watch 3 movies I had not seen on the return flight. The only real downside is that it cost me nearly double the frequent flier miles to fly for free than it had cost me when I flew Delta to Dublin in 2000. All in all a very positive experience."
"I flew from DUB-JFK-PHX. The transatlantic leg was enjoyable. The flight attendants did several drink runs although they only pour half a can unlike other airlines. Each passenger had their own personal backseat TV and the movie/music/game selection was fantastic. Headphones are provided for those didn't bring their own. Toilets were clean and hot towels are provided to freshen up. The second leg from JFK-PHX was less impressive. Entertainment is provided by an old CRT monitor in the centre of the aisle meaning you have no choice in what you watch. Expect old sitcom reruns. No meals on this flight either despite it being nearly as long as DUB-JFK. The boredom of this flights combined with my hunger meant I couldn't wait to get off. Conclusion: fly Delta transatlantic but avoid for domestic flights within the USA."
"BKK-NRT-BKK in Business Elite on B747. Don't fly Delta much and was impressed with the product. Seats comfortable and private whilst seated on upper deck. Cabin ambience pleasant service attentive and professional IFE above average. In general a cut above the other American carriers and significantly better than the previous Delta international business product. Only disappointment was not having Premium Lane cards for arrival in BKK. BKK can have lengthy immigration queues and all major carriers provide this 'fast track' card which is a must when arriving into BKK. I enquired about it with the crew and they were baffled and seemed to have no idea with what I was talking about as if they had never heard of it. Other than that very nice experience."
"Honolulu to LA First class. Lucked out got a flight that was inbound from Japan so configuration was Intl business. Normally Hawaii routes get the oldest planes with the least amount of comfort. This was a wonderful surprise. Complemented by a wonderful crew that was eager to please with warm excellent service this flight was a pleasure. Great entertainment nice lunch warm service and tail winds."
"GSO-BKK and return via ATL and NRT. All flights on time and no issues with check in and boarding. All the long distance flights were on 747-400. Although you can no longer call these the \"Queen of the Sky\" they still give a comfortable reassuring ride. Delta can be complimented on upgrading their business class product. The fully flat bet is good. The duvet pillows amenity kit (no pyjamas!) and IFE are all excellent though the noise cancelling headset had connection issues on all flights. To compete with the Asian and Middle Eastern carriers though Delta needs to brush up on a few areas. In particular the menu selections and service need to be better but my biggest gripe is with the bathrooms which fully reflect the 25 year age of the plane and at the end of a 13 hour flight. I shall say no more."
"SIN-NRT return. DL 622 and DL 621. Both flights were on 777-200ER equipped with on demand ptv. SIN-NRT: Could not find the USB port to charge my phones on the flight to NRT. Hot breakfast was served at local time 8 am 2hrs into the flight. Hot snack of chicken wrap was served 2 hrs before landing. The odd part was the entertainment programmes were switched off 4 hrs into the flight with no explanation. Most passengers were asleep due to the early departure of the flight at 5.45 am. NRT-SIN: USB port was installed beside the PTV. Hot dinner was served 2 hrs into the flight. Snack of ice cream were served 2 hrs before landing. Crew of Chinese national and Singaporean crew were helpful. Asked if passengers wanted extra ice cream. Self help galley provided Evian water only. DL offers the cheapest fare for direct flights to Japan and will travel with them again."
"ATL-LAS December 2013. Main and pretty much only issue was legroom. In certain configurations of their 757-200 seats 2C/D are bulkhead seats where we were seated and legroom is severely restricted. Other than that it was a pretty average/decent experience. A snack basket containing the typical peanuts pretzels and chocolates was passed around twice. Flight attendants were courteous. The seat had a good amount of width and AC power outlets were available underneath. PTVs were also available with an excellent selection of holiday and other films. Since the flight departed around 9:30pm no complimentary dinner was served. All in all it was an OK flight just beware of the first class bulkhead seats on certain 757 configurations."
"Flew on December 19 DEN-ATL-SRQ and return all flights were on time even with all the delays in the NE. One flight had PTV's on a 757 which was very nice other 3 flights on a md's nicely updated with power outlets in economy comfort which was very nice. Greeted nicely at each gate by name. All staff very professional and better than Delta or American without a doubt!"
"Flew LHR-CUN (via ATL outbound and MSP return) in Business Elite. Pre-flight customer service (via Twitter) was excellent with the one or two queries we had. Check-in fast track security and lounge at LHR T4 very good - much better than BA at T5. Seats (flat beds) very good although foot area a little compact - we're 5'6 and 5'8 so taller travellers may be less happy. Pillow and duvet very comfortable. Food needs more investment - not terrible but not brilliant. In flight entertainment terrific but both our screens skipped and jumped on both legs (we were generously and quickly compensated for this post flight - excellent). Lack of lounge at CUN a bit disappointing on the return. We encountered many Delta staff on the journey - all are a cut above most airlines for the personal human touches. They genuinely engage. On board service excellent and friendly - on the outbound flight two crew (including the purser) came round with chocolates and thanked us for flying Delta they really sounded like they meant it. Will definitely fly Delta transatlantic again."
"Flew from JFK to Las Vegas January 9-12. Check-in was very good even at 6am. I liked the bistro in the waiting area. The plane was clean and orderly. The only real disappointment was the food and drink selection offered with the flight a tablespoon of peanuts or a shy dozen of mini-pretzels. The real disappointment (inflight) was with the entertainment as in none. The screen was jumping (and audio) as if the VCR was old and the screens had rainbow colors to them as if the TV's were well past their prime. Ok no problem I'll listen the music channels nothing not one channel other than the one tied into the screen. I was told by the flight attendant that they no longer offer it. For $600+ a seat it should be a lot better especially since last year was a banner year for profits for the airlines. How sad. This is America's best? Hey Delta pay it forward and invest in your equipment."
"SIN-NRT-SIN. Economy. Delta may fail to meet expectation of many people who fly within the States but for international flight I find they do pretty well. The flight for both legs was on time and actually arrived 30 minutes earlier than scheduled. I love their B777-200LR. I understand that Delta is an American airline so the seat was designed for a typical Caucasian. Thus the seat appears bigger and gave me more than enough space for the size of a typical Asian without upgrading my ticket. Meals were nice with various choice of beverage. There were a lot of choices for IFE from movies to music. Flight attendants were quite nice and helpful. The only minus point probably is long process of check-in at Changi (my bags were checked 3 times before boarding) which I understand due to fear of terror on flights to the US. Overall it was still a good experience especially the first time with Delta. I would definitely fly with them again for my trip to the USA some time in the future."
"Flew from LAX to Haneda (12/22/2013) and from Narita to LAX (12/29/2013). Flights were on time in fact earlier than scheduled. Flight attendants were very courteous not typical of attendants of United States airlines. The online check in and baggage drop center that takes baggage more than 3 hours before flight time make travel a breeze."
"Economy Comfort Manila to Tokyo Narita. The extra $39 is well worth it. Much more peaceful cabin and priority boarding. The extra recline and seat pitch really made a difference. Flight attendants anticipated the needs of passengers. consistently offering snacks and refreshments. they were very courteous and tried to address the concerns of passengers as best they can. I also appreciated the fact that they took the extra effort of addressing me by my name. It was very thoughtful of them."
"DL0117 on 12/29/13 STR to ATL on 767-300ER. 1x2x1 config in Delta's premium cabin remains unbeatable service levels w/Delta generally consistent. This flight even surprised on the upside: excellent menu out of STR and a top notch cabin crew. Is it a throw back to times past when an attendant cares to monitor your Scotch remains 'easy ice' i.e. bring an additional ice cube when needed and without being prodded? That was a crew that made it a joy to fly over the Holidays. Delta wins on many levels these days."
"I recently took a trip from Huntsville AL to OKC from Nov 21-Dec 27th. I found my first flight to be a very pleasant experience but what impressed me was how my return flight was handled. We were late I was due to depart at 3.30 and by the time I checked in it was 3.21. I was booked on the 6.10 flight right then and there. The staff didn't even charge a fee for having to change my flight."
"BOS-AMS-BOS Dec 2013. I don't know when they put the upgraded Airbus 330s into service but it's as good as any business service I've seen on a US carrier. 1-2-1 seating so if you're by the window you're not trapped if the person next to you is in full recline mode. In the usual 2-2-2 format I've always avoided the window but on this service the window seat at 9J worked very well. The seats are on the narrow side for business but you get an individual pod that's narrower in the front (where your feet go) wider in the back; the seats have full recline. Cabin staff on both flights were senior attentive and friendly. On AMS-BOS the genial captain came back before take-off to chat up everyone in business individually. I only used the A/V to track flight progress but the screen is large and pops out of the pod wall. The pillow was comfortable. The amenities kit is about average - the usual socks etc. but nothing special and they don't offer the business amenity that my wife really likes - PJ''s."
"DAL 417 LAX to SYD and DAL 16 from SYD to LAX. Both legs on Delta's 777-200LR in seat 7A. Used kiosk for check-in at both LAX and SYD. The Delta \"business class\" lounge at LAX is nothing more than Delta's normal \"Sky Club\" the facility was overcrowded and like being inside an extremely loud bar. The flights pushed back pretty much on time. Delta's 777-200LR is getting a bit worn looking and the herringbone \"suites\" that face away from the windows (as opposed to the much-better window-facing suites used by carriers like Cathay Pacific) had walls so low that privacy was minimal. I was lucky enough to have seat 7A on both flights; 7A has the advantage of having a closet next to the seat which in effect forms a cave that the seat reclines back into. The set-up is very good for allowing sleep. The flight crews were LA-based both directions seemed to be made up of senior FA's and on balance did a really nice service both directions. The flights featured three meal services - dinner/lunch a mid-flight snack and a light breakfast. The forward and mid galleys had a variety of low end snacks available throughout the flight. The AVOD system is OK (screen sizer and location) but nothing special but it does have available a fairly broad selection of movies. The best part of the flights was my ability to sleep. I am a large guy and I've had real trouble trying to sleep in the flat-bed first and business seats used by British Air Cathay Pacific and Qantas. Delta was a refreshing change. I got 7-8 solid hours of quality sleep time on both flights. Part of the reason is that the FA's move the meal service process along efficiently and get the cabin lights down early into the flight. On arrival although Delta offers BusinessElite passengers a fast-track immigration/customs pass I didn't use them because as a TSA Global Entry cardholder I was able to use the kiosks in both Sydney and LAX. As I only had carryons the total time from plane until I was out of the airport could not have been more than 10 minutes. In the past I've normally flown on Qantas to/from Australia and New Zealand but with Delta's codeshare arrangement with Virgin Australia (an excellent carrier by the way in all respects) and given my outstanding recent experience on Delta's 777 I plan to continue using Delta for my travel to/from Oceania."
"MNL-NRT-JFK (B744/Premium Economy) EWR-ATL(A319/Y) ATL-SNA (B757/Y) SNA-MSP (A319/Y) MSP-EWR (A320/Y) and JFK- NRT-MNL (B744/Y). In general all my flights departed on schedule and on certain occasions even arrived at my destination ahead of schedule. I can safely say that since the last time I flew DL about 2 years ago I noticed a significant improvement in the quality of service. Overall flying experience was very pleasant. Although a lot of the cabin crew are senior I found most to be a lot nicer compared to the grumpy ones in the past. One noticeable improvement was upon boarding. The boarding gate staff are all friendly with special mention to the ones in ATL and JFK T4. They make it a point to greet all passengers by name and with genuine smiles. I was quite impressed by the staff at JFK T4 who took extra time to guide me through the check-in process using the kiosks. They were very helpful and not in a rushed manner. In-flight food on the long-haul flights were decent enough. For the short-haul flights I was able to have as much nuts and pretzels as I want. IFE was pretty good with and easy interface and lots of options to choose from. I thought of trying the premium economy seats and though I'm 6'0\" tall and a little on the heavy side I still didn't find it of much value considering the add-on fee. I really didn't feel much of a difference compared to regular Y. I also found the new seats to be slightly more comfortable and didn't feel as cramped as before. Moreover I've been lucky enough to have entire rows of 3 to myself on most of the flights I took particularly the long-haul ones. It took a bit work checking seat assignments on a regular basis but the effort was well worth. Not only did I get a whole lot of extra space and privacy but extra TV monitors pillow and blankets as well. Much much better than premium economy but at no extra cost. It was an overall pleasant experience flying DL this time."
"Flew DL7 Dubai to Atlanta. Excellent service from staff. Yes I am short so I fit into the sleeper seat and yes if I were taller it would not be a good fit. Screen on entertainment is adequate. Staff was warm attentive and friendly."
"Flew DL7 Dubai to Atlanta. Excellent service from staff. Yes I am short so I fit into the sleeper seat and yes if I were taller it would not be a good fit. Screen on entertainment is adequate. Staff was warm attentive and friendly."
"I had to make a last minute trip (same day round-trip) to SFO from LAX on 12/12/2013. I have not flown in economy in years except for Southwest but chose Delta as their price was much lower than Southwest (first class not worth it for this short of flight in my opinion): I booked this trip 10 days in advance. While these flights are branded as Delta they are operated by Compass. I must say that this is an excellent product! My flight to SFO which left at 7.00am left on time and arrived early. In addition a light breakfast snack was served. This flight was half full so I asked for and was given an extra snack to take with me. This kind gesture saved me from having to purchase lunch later. The flight back left SFO at 5.00pm and arrived back on time. This flight was full but the same professional service was received. That being said a snack and drink service helped make a really long day end well. These flights are operated by EMB 175 planes and there are no middle seats only window or aisle. Besides the great price service and on time performance I would recommend this trip as there are assigned seats and clearing security at the Delta terminals in LAX and SFO is much quicker than the Southwest terminals at each airport. I still love Southwest but on this route I have now found a better airline."
"Outward Manchester UK to Miami via Atlanta 5/12/13 and return from Fort Lauderdale 12/12/13. Flight booked in May for a 13/12 return. One month after booking the return ATL-MAN was cancelled by Delta. Automatically rebooked on a flight for the following day. Delta refused point blank to compensate for the inconvenience and extra nights accommodation. As such we chose to fly back a day earlier then our original plans. My request for compensation was a free upgrade from economy to economy plus on the return Atlantic flight. Simply had the terms and conditions quoted to me. Online check in is a joke. Had seats allocated together on each flight but on clicking the change seat option you will find all other seats marked as unavailable. Options were available to upgrade however at a cost. Our expectations for the flight were therefore low on boarding. However both pleasantly surprised with the flight and service. Transatlantic flight on a B767-300 which featured personal seat back TVs. Good choice although the music channels were a little mainstream for my preference. Food more than OK. Plenty of soft drinks offered and alcohol with the main meal. The return flight was on an older model and featured overhead TVs which didn't matter too much as it was an overnight flight and a good hour shorter in travel time than outward. Both internal flights on a B757-200 were adequate. Seat pitch for all four flights was fine typical of an economy flight. Professional cabin crew on all sectors flown. Touch of humour with the Christmas 2013 flight safety video - certainly kept you watching it. All four flights were full in all cabins all had on time departures and arrivals. Apart from the attitude towards a cancelled flight no issues at all with Delta and would certainly fly with them again."
"ATL-JFK Thanksgiving week. Despite Diamond status I was with 2 family members so no upgrade O/B but still managed Economy comfort. Pretty good for 2 hour flight although no IFE. As it was thanksgiving I expected the worst but flight took off on time and landed early. On the return all 3 managed to get upgraded to first. Again pretty good for Thanksgiving Sunday. Landed on time bags already on belt by the time we hauled ourselves from E terminal to bag claim. Overall not bad apart from the price ($500 r/t each) but again it was thanksgiving!"
"MSP-JFK-MXP and return 4 days later. Economy comfort. First time doing this route as I prefer going into and out of Linate - Milan but short notice trip forced itinerary. Very surprised and pleased with the 767 leg (JFK- Milan) wider seats and quieter cabin than the A330's used on MSP-AMS. CRJ 9XX on the way out a bit small for a 2.5 hr flight A319 on return bigger but noisy. JFK transfer a bit of a hassle with on-going construction but new terminal is nice improvement. MXP was a pain to exit on return. Overall Delta experience is improving and remains a decent choice from MSP to Europe. I still prefer Linate over Malpensa at least for now."
"ONT-SLC-CDG-AMS-MME on 2-3 December (some of the flights were on AF and KL metal but it was a Delta ticket with DL flight numbers for all the segments). An unremarkable and hassle-free journey: all flights were on time the vegan meal I requested for the transatlantic leg was there and both I and my suitcase made it successfully through three quite tight connections (though if I hadn't been able to use the Priority lane at CDG as a result of being a Flying Blue gold I don't think I'd have made that one). Delta's refurbished 767-300ERs are a vast improvement on the previous cabin - they're now even nicer than the ex-Northwest A330s. The legroom in economy comfort is such that at 201cm tall I didn't feel cramped at all and the reading light actually lets you read without eyestrain. My only beef here is that the IFE was virtually unviewable because of the constant stream of PA announcements throughout the flight that kept pausing it. After an hour of trying to watch a movie I'd only seen about 20 minutes of actual footage and when someone came on the PA yet again to tell me in French that Delta extends a special welcome to Skyteam partners etc. I gave up and read a book."
"I started flying Delta about a year ago and surprisingly there wasn't much to complain about. After reading a few reviews I was a bit sceptical but I flew them from SIN-NRT-JFK and I enjoyed the flight more than SQ. The flight attendants were warmer and friendly while we departed on time and on schedule without delays. The legroom was better than SQ and was worth the extra cost. The food although small in portions was not as bad as I expected. Overall I would recommend flying Delta."
"ATL-LGA-ATL first class. Very motivated crew on both flights who seemed genuinely concerned about the well-being of the passengers. Catering was adequate for a 2-hour flight although the meal uploaded in Atlanta was of better quality than the one served on the return. Return flight was delayed by 1.5 hours due to mechanical issues but the crew handled it well and tried to assist passengers with connections. Seats somewhat cramped and no IFE on the A320 and A319 I flew on but I was favorably impressed with the crew."
"DL 80/81 ATL-BRU-ATL. Spent a lot of money to fly in Business Elite. Seats comfortable (lay flat) and entertainment system has an amazing selection of options. Food however was so salty and so processed that it was pretty much inedible. Crews on both flights were quite senior and offered good levels of service being most accommodating. However they all lacked a sense of warmth and welcoming. I am a big fan of Delta Air Lines but these flights were somewhat disappointing primarily due to the poor quality of food and beverage provided in both directions."
"Everything was fine however My fiancé and I booked together and were seated separately and they wouldn't do anything to try to get us to be close this is something that many people had complaints and passengers would switch seats to be with their loved ones. They also made us check a bag. Very unhappy about having to check that bag (which was smaller than the other bags that made it on and persons that got on after us also didn't have to check their bags). I don't recommend traveling with them. I just wish that they would have sat us next to each other it makes no sense that they didn't."
"I traveled from Charlotte NC to Milwaukee WI and my connection in Detroit was a bit late and there was not time to transfer my suitcases. They did not arrive in baggage claim. But they delivered them 2 hours away in Madison WI on the same day and it was Thanksgiving Day."
"Flew to New York from Dublin with 2 small kids Fri 22 Nov and returned Mon 25. I must say I was very impressed. The cabin crew were pleasant and professional. The plane was full and they were kept busy but they really made my daughters feel special giving them extra cookies drinks passing chat etc. Even when one woman decided to go to the restroom a few seconds before takeoff - a potentially serious situation - they were firm but polite as they leaped down the aisle to make her sit down. IFE worked on all seats and while a couple of inches of extra legroom wouldn't have gone amiss it was fine for a six hour flight. A word about the meals. I've noticed many times that the catering supplied by European companies (ie going out) is far superior to what you get coming back from the USA regardless of airline. But that's the only criticism really. Well done Delta. In my experience you're at least as good as BA KLM and Virgin."
"SFO-ATL-LIM return in regular economy. I got a great deal from SFO to LIM. My overall experience was good. Service on the domestic legs was better than expected with friendly crews and regular drink runs. The crew also responded to the flight attendant button rather promptly. The weak point was the flight from ATL to LIM which was an older plane without personal IFE. However the LIM-ATL flight was on a more modern plane with IFE and plenty of movie choices all free of charge. Food was ok not great but edible and of sufficient quantity. No free alcohol even on international flights to/from LIM. Transfer in ATL was easy with airline representatives at the gate to assist passengers in the transfer process. Would recommend especially if one can get a good deal."
"We flew from Manchester UK to Tampa and as Delta gold members we were upgraded to business and first class due to coach being full. It was a great flight great crew and food 3 days later flew from Tampa to Texas Hobby via ATL in coach. The flights were again great snacks and drinks really good service. I feel if you are nice with their staff they are nice back."
"Early November BE flight JFK-CDG. Clean aircraft competent FA adequate catering but the Delta lounge at T4 is a disgrace. The complimentary wines are not listed anywhere while the charged offerings are both printed and on electronic pads. Salty snacks only or purchase food. Have they visited their partner Virgin Atlantic's BC lounge? On time arrival and good baggage delivery. Very limited movies on this flight."
"On time departure despite chaotic boarding in BE due to a seat configuration change. FA were quite senior and not well groomed especially the purser whose uniform was stained. The FA's were very active with service however. Catering good especially the pre arrival hamburger. Lots of videos although every time there was an announcement (and they seem to make many) my movie reverted to the French language. (CDG-EWR). Pre departure lounge was Air France which was offering a buffet lunch along with many wines champagne and snacks."
"I flew from Chicago to Atlanta. The plane was full the staff very nice and friendly. My only complaint: the cabin was filthy it needed attention and the seats were small I'm a big guy 6 ft and 220 lbs. The flight was a short one if it had been longer it would have been uncomfortable."
"Manchester - Atlanta - San Diego. Plenty of snacks and drinks served. Lunch was good and enjoyable. Good selection of films television and music staff were pleasant and efficient. Temperature of cabin was just right. A very positive experience."
"When my wife and I travel we usually travel with Delta or Alaska. We always travel first class and so cannot comment on how things are in coach however we have never been disappointed with Delta traveling first class. They always treat us well from check-in to in-flight. The planes are always clean and the staff is incredibly attentive. Unlike Alaska they never skimp on the amenities. They serve full size meals and are constantly checking to see if there is anything else they can do to accommodate you."
"I have to say that whilst everyone likes to moan about airlines my recent flight with Delta was great on their services from/to LHR-JFK. The food was also excellent on the outward flight being a vegetarian I requested a special meal and was served minted peas with wild rice and marinated tofu along with a bread roll cheese and crackers and a dessert. Then just before landing we were served Calzone. They certainly don't let you go hungry! On the return journey however the main dish was pasted and vegetables which wasn't to my liking at all but it was a late night flight and I wasn't particularly hungry anyway breakfast then consisted of a cereal bar and a banana. The only gripes I have are that the leg room is cramped - but where isn't it these days! With regard to the on board entertainment whilst having an excellent selection of content was somewhat slow and sluggish and even required re-starting on the return flight. On the ground baggage arrived promptly and check in was also efficient at both airports with staff being courteous and professional. Both flights left before the scheduled departure time and arrived well before their scheduled arrival time in both cases even though on the outward flight there was a delay in passengers boarding. For the price it was truly excellent."
"My husband and I took a vacation back to the Midwest. We flew Delta from LAX to Minneapolis to Milwaukee with the reverse for the return flights. I was really dreading this - I have MS and knew I would be using a wheelchair. Everything was great! Flights were on time and the pilot and crew were so kind friendly and helpful. My husband and I are tall and we were pleasantly surprised to have ample leg room. Also Delta did a great job with the video on pre-flight safety notes. No one seems to listen to the actual stewards and stewardesses when it comes to this but the video had everyone's attention in this digital age. I definitely recommend flying Delta."
"SFO to SLC and SLC to LAX in First. Old Airbus 320 on first leg. Interesting no life vests on board just the 'buoyant' seat cushion. Newish 737-800 on leg to LAX. Excellent service and attention from Hawaiian based crew best of any American airline I have traveled on. Both flights on time check in very quick and luggage appeared rapidly. Would recommend."
"I flew from Toronto to Atlanta Atlanta to Cancun and Cancun to Atlanta. The seats were very comfy with a good recline especially between Atlanta and Cancun. Crew was very polite but the food choice was very poor. My flight between Toronto and Atlanta was the worst. It was operated by express jet on the behalf of Delta Airlines: poor food was served and the crew wasn't helpful at all. The seats were very hard. Definitely a bad flight. I recommend to fly with Delta airlines despite all but avoid to fly with it subsidiary express jet."
"SFO-LAX LAX-KOA KOA-LAX LAX-SEA SEA-CDG. Very nice experience (again) with Delta. I love Delta upgrade policies on internal flights everything is clear and fair you know at any time why you have been upgraded or not. All flights on time cabin crew smiling all the time and very professional. Very nice food. Twice upgraded with my ElitePlus status. Delta Economy comfort seats really worth."
"On our outbound flight the crew ensured some people with \"carry on\" luggage checked their luggage prior to boarding. It appears that many of these \"carry on\" suitcases would not fit into the guide at the check in counter. Often these suitcases barely fit into the overhead. We only take on to the flight my husband's CPAP my purse his small back pack with his meds and my carry-on shoulder bag. All these items fit under the seat in front of us. On our way back people had these \"carry on\" suitcases and one woman had 2! Neither of which fit under the seat. I had a man beside me with a large backpack that he did not stow. He left it standing under his legs. As a result his foot was under the seat in front of me! Where are my feet supposed to go? He should have been told to either stow this backpack in the overhead bins if it did not fit under the seat. Then to add injury to insult I was going to put my umbrella into the overhead and was told that it may impede stowing suitcases! When the service came around I asked for a Bloody Mary mix no ice. The flight attendant complained that this would take more than half a can I don't want ice as it waters down the drink and it's cooled enough. I check all airlines to find the best price I can find. For this trip it was Delta (Alaska). But just because I may find a good price does not mean that I should be treated this way."
"Flight DL241 from Rome to Atlanta. Great flight and service from stewards. We even couldn't fill the 11 hour flight. Great attitude and always busy."
"Flew Delta Connection (ExpressJet) from Gainesville Florida to Atlanta. Flight was on time and actually arrived ahead of schedule. ExpressJet (DBA Delta Connection) much better than when ASA flew this route as Delta Connection."
"Took 4 Delta flights over the summer Amsterdam-Boston Boston-Atlanta Atlanta-Chicago and Boston-Amsterdam on each of the flights the cabin crew were very friendly and attentive (especially the Atlanta-Chicago flight) were relaxed and seemed to enjoy their job. Seats on all flights were very comfortable and the inflight entertainment on the two international segments was very comprehensive. Plenty of legroom too. Full meal service and hot towels were provided on the international segments which was much appreciated. Domestically Free drinks and snacks were offered which is really all that was required for these flights. I will recommend Delta to my friends and family and look forward to flying with them again along with their partner KLM they offer an excellent route network."
"with a group of 86 flying DL16 and 17 SYD-LAX return Sept/Oct 2013. this is the second large group experience on this route with Delta the last being four years ago. As in the last I have nothing but praise for Delta. Check- ins with lots of excess/oversized luggage were most efficient and very quick indeed. The ground staff at both terminals were polite well trained and accommodating. The self check-in computers in LAX were very intuitive and easy to use. Both flights were on time. Inflight service was excellent. Flying the return route in the back of economy I noted how little wait there was for meals after the service had started. Again the service was not only quick but accommodating and compared very well to Singapore; my personal benchmark. The food was fine for economy class airline fare. The entertainment options were comprehensive. Perhaps the airline could upgrade its earphones a little. Seating was comfortable. The Comfort Economy which I used on the outward bound trip was well and truly worth the money. Most importantly Delta has its own terminal at LAX; meaning you avoid the general admissions hall. This is an excellent reason in itself to choose the airline on the SYD-LAX route."
"29th Sep from Shanghai to Tokyo on DL296 and from Tokyo to Shanghai by DL295 on 5th Oct. I took the flight to and fro from Shanghai to Tokyo. it was a nice experience. The safety presentation that they provide is really unique. Food Quality was also excellent. Staff was very polite inside the airline but Staff at Tokyo Airport Check-In counters were rude and unfriendly and I hope Delta can do something about it as it spoils the image of the airline. The flights were on time and my kids really enjoyed the in-flight entertainment."
"6 sectors with Delta in last 3 month. Winnipeg-Minneapolis-Amsterdam on July 10th Amsterdam-Minneapolis-Winnipeg on August 19th then Winnipeg-MSP-LaGuardia on August 27th. All flights except one on time great service provided by cabin crew. On long haul flights hot towels were offered which is very nice touch. Great food and beverages. Bags delivered promptly on arrival. Delta prices and customer service is definitely competitive. Will fly with them again!"
"Man to SFO via Atlanta. New York to Manchester via Atlanta. Both Manchester flights on A330 very comfortable seating is 2x4x2 with each seat having its own inflight entertainment. Other sectors on A319/b737. Service on all the flights was excellent very friendly staff. A lot better than American. Reserved seats together on all flights when booking saved a lot of problems at check in. Transfer in Atlanta was quick and efficient well within 90 minutes suggested. Flights were a good deal."
"AUS to JFK JFK to NCE flight DL 1972 and DL 0082. Return NCE to AMS to ATL to AUS. DL 9497 and DL0239 with ATL to AUS DL 0686. I prefer Delta when flying American carriers and they're my no. 2 choice for all airlines Air France being my no. 1. In a trip this month to France flying into Nice I would have few complaints. An issue I've not encountered before rather two issues are the problem of the midplane lavatories next to the exit row seats and Deltas food service. I'll leave it to the reader to figure the issues with the lavatories and in fairness it should be an issue for all airlines flying the 767. Food however is a real issue. I have never had worse airline food than these two trips. When a convenience store Hot Pocket rates over Delta's offerings there is a real problem."
"LHR-JFK-LAX-LHR (via Detroit). I purchased the tickets for almost £300 cheaper then the British Airways / Virgin Atlantic equivalent - and it was money well saved! To JFK had great pitch in 767 economy great food drink and snacks and the on demand touch screen entertainment meant the flight went really quick. All the internal flights were on 757s and they were as equally as good and all had touch screen on demand entertainment which I wasn't expecting. It's right to say that American airlines have a bad reputation but my perception has changed and when I come back to the USA next year I will fly delta. The product is on par if not better then the other airlines and would recommend them."
"LAX-JFK DL1762 Sep 19 JFK-SEA DL 161 Sep 22. Business elite 767. Excellent experience especially for domestic service. Truly international service with lie flat seats duvets and quite good food. Service was efficient and warm. Would definitely choose this again over most other carriers on these routes."
