"x"
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Orlando. Our trip out was delayed making it difficult to meet connecting flight. Had to run to make it! Our return flight, the times were changed and then to make matters worse was arriving back to Salt Lake City without my luggage. Not sure if I will get it. Pretty unhappy with the situation."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Seattle. I flew with Delta last week, they separated our seats at last second and delayed our flight while on the plane. After sitting in the tarmac for 2 hours we finally took off. I got upgraded, which was basically the same as economy and my boyfriends economy seat had maybe 8 inches of leg room. This week we made the mistake of using basic economy which really means only middle seats in the back of the plane. Had we known that we would have picked a different option. My boyfriend can’t fit in a middle seat, and he isn’t even that big (6 ft, 190 lbs). We call Delta 1.5 hour hold times. Get to the gate and the staff is rude, which always seems to be the case with them. Why are their employees so unhappy? It rubs off on the customers. I fly at least monthly, Delta is always my last choice."
"Verified Review | I am so disappointed with my treatment this evening. My partner and I booked flights round trip from SAN to SPM. My partner was unable to make the return flight after hearing news that he was needed in Puerto Rico to attend emergency family matters from the hurricanes. He booked a new flight from MKE to San Juan and then a return back to SAN, all on Delta. After spending thousands of dollars, I was confronted by a very rude attendant on the flight tonight reprimanding me for him not being on the original flight. She was rude and embarrassed me in front of a full cabin."
"Verified Review | Louisville to Dallas via Atlanta. I will never fly Delta again! Delay after delay. Missed connecting flight. I called customer service and the girl I was speaking with wouldn't even give me her or her supervisors name so I could make a complaint. Customer service isn't there priority. If I could give them a zero rating I would. Never again."
"Verified Review | Fargo to Boise via Minneapolis. Could have done more to compensate me after a four hour delay in Fargo due to a flat tire. Had to stay in Minneapolis and got to my hotel late. No meal voucher offered. All of my children and grandchildren traveled to visit me for my 65th Birthday. The celebration was delayed because of the flight delay. I asked you if I could get upgraded to first class the next day on my connecting flight due to all of the problems, missing my 65th Birthday celebration and I was told no. Instead I was offered a 200 dollar voucher or 10000 miles. Very poor offer with all that happened and making my 65th Birthday a miserable day. After all of the flights I have taken on Delta this year it makes me wonder if I am a valuable customer. I am a Vice President for a hotel company and had a guest presented these circumstances to one of my hotels, I would have treated that guest like royalty and given him the best room along with meals and even the next stay on us. Overall I am very upset. With all of the poor publicity that airlines are receiving for being apethetic towards their customers, I thought your company would have treated me with empathy and value my business. Instead all I did was continue to hear “ no, there is nothing more we can do”. Very disappointed."
"Verified Review | Greensboro to Atlanta. Flight attendant asks, cookie or pretzel? Me: Can I have both? FA: Did I offer you both? Me: It’s ok then, don’t worry about it. FA: I’m only teasing! Not a funny joke! She humiliated me in front all the people around me that heard her! I would fine if she answered me with “you can only pick one”. Very rude. Will Delta go bankrupt over a cookie and a pretzel that she had to make a big deal about me wanting both? I’ve always like flying Delta than other airlines, I’m not sure anymore now!"
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Tampa. Horrible experience. Delayed take off, due to mechanical issues. Ground crew asked to check-in all rolling carry-on, but no one helped while boarding. Flight attendants forget their mission is to help passengers and instead are bitter with a very bad attitude. Small legroom and no entertainment onboard."
"Verified Review | Flew Frankfurt to Atlanta. Every time I have flown with Delta, I have had problems. Today the plane landed at the terminal on time, but the plane was broken. This 1.5 hour delay made me miss my connecting flight. They came over the announcement and said it was our job to ensure we scheduled our connecting flights when we land because it is out of their control. I have been away from home for 6 months and would like to be able to depend on an airline to get me there."
"Verified Review | Flights seem to always be delayed and by at least one, if not several hours. If this is going to consistently happen, I don't understand why Delta couldn't just plan for delays better because this is a waste of everyone's time. Even though everything else is sufficient, the lack of punctuality is very inconvenient."
"Verified Review | This was the worst flying experience I have ever had. They changed my flight without notice, turning a 12 hour day into a 22 hour day of flying and sitting in airports. I could have forgiven that had their employees had one ounce of sympathy. Their cold uncaring response is what makes Delta the worst airline. One of them stated, well we have to talk to a lot of people, when I pointed out their awful customer service."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to New York JFK. Delayed flight again, 3 hours this time. I hate flying Delta and this is the last time I will fly Delta. I was forced to use Delta this time. You would figure a major airline like Delta would have figured out how to be on time. Hawaiian Airlines hardly ever has delayed flights."
"Verified Review | Terrible customer service. Delta allows you to book a flight for a certain day and time and will then change your itinerary by 6hours weeks to months later, with no remediation if their new flight plan for you doesn't work with all the travel plans you've made. Secondly, they routinely check all rollerboards for zone 3 passengers no matter that there are always plenty of overhead spaces. They just don't care that passengers might prefer to keep their possessions with them (which I do, having had checked luggage not arrive with me more times than I can count). Thirdly, seats are very uncomfortable, forcing everyone into a hunched position. One positive is that the last couple planes I've been on have had more leg room and wider aisles than I'm used to. In summary, hate that airlines take advantage of customers. Unfortunately, Delta isn't the only one that does this."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Augusta. Once again Delta disappoints in their ability to deliver anything close to the promised service. I know complaining about small planes is played out but in this case I went out of my way to purchase specific luggage that meets all airline requirements and of course none of the provided storage space was as advertised. And to top it off the flight was delayed, again. Honestly would travel any other airline if possible. This has to be one of the shorter flights in the country and still service is poor."
"Verified Review | San Diego to New York. I booked my tickets through Delta.com and there's an options between choosing Main Cabin (couple dollars more to pick the seats) and the regular Economy. Having paid a couple more dollars, I was able to secure seats for my family and me. I received a confirmation e-mail and everything looked good. It would've been the perfect vacation / honeymoon for me and my husband who got married a week before. Delta gave me the worst traveling experience ever. I bought a total of 16 tickets in the span of 2 weeks for me and my family. I just want to sit next to my husband. I paid to achieve that. I reserved seats 32A and 32B, but when we went to check in, we got seats 35A and 34B. I paid for a service and didn't get it. I was traveling with my mom and aunt as well as my husband, but because they left half way, I thought I just booked the seats and would've figured out seating arrangements amongst ourselves when we got on the plane. I realized that even though I reserved seats, I didn't get them. Who separates the newlyweds? You can count on Delta!"
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Ft Myers. They overbooked the flight to include my ticket, leaving me stranded at Hartsfield since it was the last flight out back to RSW, and said that I would have to find another flight. Waited at the gate kiosk for 15 minutes only to have them rudely direct me to a delta customer service counter. There, I had to wait for almost an hour and once I talked to the lady she said that since I was an economy customer she could not rebook me for another flight since I had a zero balance available. It was their fault they overbooked and they refused to give service. They said I could try calling the customer service number to order another full price ticket (for $458). Found a way better deal with Southwest for $230 that left at a better time."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Ft Lauderdale. I've purchased an online ticket and when I get to the airport I was assigned my seat in boarding pass. At the gate i was informed by the agent the flight is overbooked and if I do decide to go on a later flight I will be awarded with an $800 voucher since it was not to late and sounds great so I said yes I'm in, then she took my boarding pass she copied and told me to go ahead and have a she'll call. I was very hungry but I waited till everyone board which was over an hr of course, later she called my name then she gave me a new boarding pass she said go in, like I had no choice. So I get on the plane, after takeoff I grabbed my book and found my original boarding pass with a seat that the attendant just gave a free earpiece to, and I was just charged for one. I realized she had given my seat away to someone else and give me a broken seat. When I point it out to the flight attendant she said there's nothing they can do for me that the flight is full (with empty first class seats of course) however she will send a red code to the counter at the exit, and go talk to an agent when landed which I did - at the counter in FLL she completely ignored me. She had told me to call if I have a complaint she's busy."
"Verified Review | San Jose to Atlanta. I have seen a lot of service on airplanes, good and bad. This service before the boarding was by far the worst experience in a long time. Online Check In didn't work due to technical issues, no seats available at check in to sit next to each other. Even three hours before. Exit was available but didn't give us without charge. No customer service as I expect. Was supposed to ask at gate, waited 20 Min and the answer was \"No, flight full. Next please\". Very rude and not friendly at all. A good explanation would be fine. Was questioned by employee about visit to Costa Rica without letting me know about the reasons for his questions. Don't recommend this airline. Bad service, rude behavior."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Raleigh Durham on DL1846. Paid for business class ticket and gate agent gave it away to someone else when I was in the terminal, on my way to the gate (using restroom -- sometimes you gotta go), more than 10 minutes before departure. When I arrived, the gate agent essentially said \"too bad, I can do what I want\" with a big \"forget you\" to a very loyal customer. I guess 650,000+ miles in the last five years doesn't mean much to these guys."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. First the planes--thus gates--were switched last minute. Shuttled across the airport and boarded to find that we were delayed because they had to verify the switch (due to a faulty turbo needed for Alaska but not Los Angeles) and because we had too much fuel (again, needed for Alaska not LA). Then because during the now 90 min wait with no air conditioning on a 85+ degree day* we'd used gas from one side of the plane and not the other so it had to be siphoned over. Amazing crew of flight attendants gave us water for the heat and encouraged us to file official complaints. But that 1/2 glass of ice-less water each used up the entire flight's supply. Lots of unhappy flyers, crew, and missed connections."
"Verified Review | Flew Stockholm to New York City. First leg of the trip was met with a 3 hour delay then for our return flight my one son with special needs was not allowed to check in online, while the rest of my family, consisting of myself and my three other children, were cleared. He was subjected to a \"random\" security check that was stress inducing and confusing for my other children. I will never fly Delta again! This is how they treat families with young children? Never again."
"Verified Review | A new level of awful. My curiosity got the better of me. Could Delta be as bad as everyone I knew told me it was. I should have trusted my instinct. A clapped out old A330, clapped out cabin design, the seat to be fair was comfortable and I did get a good sleep. Dinner service did not happen as they did not have enough beef to cater for the needs of their business passengers. Sat in seat 4J I was surprised to learn that you need to sit on the \"captains side\" of the plane if you want to get your choice of meal with Delta. The crew member I spoke to was wholly disinterested in any form of complaint and said \"Listen what do you want?\" Naturally I considered approaching the purser on the plane to speak to him about perhaps guiding his staff on how to deal with premium passengers. When I learned a few moments later that this guy was the purser I realised that my night was over and this was a bus service to Atlanta and that I should expect no level of service whatsoever. Looking for good things. The seat, thats it. Bring your own food, don't expect any manners, get on the bus, sit down, shut up and you'll get to your destination in one piece. I spend a lot of my own money flying in a style that I like to enjoy. Delta failed, failed and failed again. I regret that I now have to continue flying on to Paris with Delta. Thankfully this flight is in economy and as such I already have no expectation of service whatsoever."
"Verified Review | Delta let us wait for more than seven hours (check in at 12 noon, original departure at 13.50 for flight from Seattle to Amsterdam, now expected - but still not confirmed - for 20.30). The staff are friendly enough but have no clue. Other airlines would long since have brought in a new plane or at least cancelled the flight."
"Verified Review | New York to Atlanta. Nothing particulartly positive about this flight. The Delta First Class seat looks like a 1990s long-haul business class seat, with the difference it does not recline and there is no footrest. Food selection very limited (sandwich or chicken salad), I took the salad and quality was overall good; beverages selection limited as well and a Chardonnay served in a plastic glass before take.off is something simply meaningless (especially if during dinner proper glasses are used). Crew - like in the previous long-haul flight - seemed a bit too \"casual\", which can be easily misunderstood with unprofessional (I have been more than once addressed as \"honey\" during the flight). IFE very good on such a short flight, with large screen and possibility to use my own headphones. Overall an average experience."
"Verified Review | My son is in the military in Killeen Tx, he has a four day weekend coming up and wants to come visit. I purchased his tickets from Killeen to Panama City (United) for August 31 and the return trip on Delta for September 4th. Unfortunately Harvey happened and United had to cancel his outgoing flight to Panama City. I called JustFly (the online ticketing agency) and Delta to request a refund for the return trip due to the fact that my son will not be in Florida due to the cancelled flight (if he is not in Florida, he cannot utilize a flight from Florida). Justfly said they needed some sort of waiver from Delta to process a cancellation and refund, Delta said that the flight was not affected by Harvey and therefore there will be no refund. My son only had that 4 day available to come visit, yet Delta was very proud that they were willing to waive the change fee, and were gracious to give me a credit that could be used anytime before August 2018. I told them that the only reason I had to cancel the flight was because my son will not be in Florida, it only makes sense that if he is not here he cannot board a plane here. I was also informed that if I did not call Delta back on September 4th to cancel his reservation I would be charged a no show fee (funny how me being on the phone (with both Delta and Justfly for a total of 4hrs, did not qualify as notice that he would not be on the return trip, of a trip he cannot take!). I can see having an issue if someone was just willy nilly changing their minds about traveling, sure charge me a change fee, but when you are physically unable to take a trip due to circumstances beyond your control (Harvey has closed down Texas), then the airline should consider the circumstances and provide a refund and cancellation without fees or penalties in hopes that the traveller would remember how gracious the airline had been and would make sure to fly that airline in the future. Unfortunately Delta is not that type of provider, so if you are reading this review I suggest that maybe you shop elsewhere just in case (god forbid) a similar situation happens and you are stuck not able to get your money back. I am sure that Delta will be enjoying a very nice self appreciation party on my dime. No compassion or empathy for their customers."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Santiago de Chile. Quite an awful experience on a decrepit Boeing 767-300. Cabin configuration with a staggered 1-2-1, seat itself very old but sort of ok (narrow though). The worst of this flight is the inflight service, seems at Delta they don't take their premium customers seriously; food below par (entree cold, beef fillet hard as a stone); presentation so poor (when you put some warm bread on my tray, why on Earth should you put it on the butter so that it melts everywhere?). Cabin crew attitude too casual for a business class cabin. IFE in such a small screen that some smartphones are bigger; new business class blanket (by Westin) is oddly covered - on the supposedly external face in a very hard and \"plastic\"-look-and-touch material which I fail to understand. Overall the service looks more like a Premium Economy than a Business Class, I keep asking myself when Delta will get rid of those old dinosaurs that are B767s"
"Verified Review | Recently flew 4 legs from Cleveland to Minneapolis, Minneapolis to Lincoln and return. Flight time was changed to 2 hours before original scheduled time. When we got to airport flight was delayed. Flight was overbooked, took some time to find volunteers to give up seats and then assign seat numbers to the rest of us. Got notification while in the air (we weren't able to receive it until we landed) that our 9.15 flight had been delayed until 2.30. Found out that it was because of a computer glitch that sent crew to other places and it would take that long to get them back. Changed to another flight but that flight was delayed for the same reason. Clerk said this is not the first time this has happened, you should have been here Saturday! Flight was then delayed until 4.30 and eventually cancelled."
"Verified Review | Raleigh Durham to La Guardia. Fell below par. The staff was nice, but our pilot was 2 hours late. A one and a half hour flight turned into 6 hours due to a pilot and the weather. Before returning home I got a alert that my flight was cancelled and that I needed to call Delta. There was a 3 hr wait time. When I called again later, I waited another hour before finally speaking with someone. She stated there were no flights leaving LGA for the rest of the week, and I find that hard to believe. She stated the only flight leaving LGA was at 6 am the very next morning and there was a possibility that the flight may not even take off due to weather conditions. I asked if I could have credit for a train or a bus at a later time. I understand that tickets are non refundable, but in the situation, I needed an alternative option. Thankfully we made it home safely even after all of the trouble and cutting our trip short."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Salt Lake City. Can someone please tell me why when I make my reservations weeks is advance, I am not given the option to select a seat? Then when I check in 24 hrs in advance, they again will not give me an option to select a seat? Then, I have to go to the counter to get a seat even assigned to me. Then, when I request an isle or a window I am told (with a sarcastic laugh) no due to it being an oversold flight? How again an oversold flight is my problem? I followed protocol and I get punished as a customer. I tried Delta again after a while of not using them due to similar issues, but I am sorry to say it's back to American Airlines for me. I'm sure Delta will never read this and even if they do they won't care, I'm just trying to protect fellow passengers who spend their hard earned money on this ridiculous company. Save your money and fly elsewhere!"
"Verified Review | We decided to fly from NYC to Miami return with because we had a coupon from an earlier flight we had to cancel. It was just a small amount they gave us back but we thought it's worth it to use it. But after what happened to us on august 2 we will never book with delta again. Our plane was scheduled for 7:02 pm (August 2nd) but then they kept delaying the flight for 3 hours and it kept getting more. Around 8 we saw that other flights would depart earlier then ours (by that time 12:30) so we tried to check if there were other seats available on other planes ! That was the time when we read that the flight got cancelled! We did not get informed by delta nothing! It was not even on the board. So we went to the gate agent to talk with them but the people we talked to didn't understand our situation at all. We literally had to beg them to help us. My boyfriend called the number they gave us to at least get a coupon or anything that could help us out. But nothing. Even when I asked them for blankets they got mad. Just because we didn't want to accept that they are allowed to treat us like that just because the flight got canceled due bad weather conditions in New York. Now was the time we gave up hope and decided to stay next to other people sleeping on the Floor waiting for our flight to depart at 11:10 am! Which means we spent more than 16hours at the airport waiting to fly to Atlanta before we finally got the chance to fly back to New York. In Miami we ended up sleeping on a bench. But the benches there are the hardest I ever sat on so it was pretty much impossible to sleep. I swear that was the first and definitely the last time in my life I fly with delta. Unbelievable - I don't know where the humanity went!"
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Minneapolis. The people I talked to on the phone had great service. Counter was a different story. My family had a 4 hour layover in Vegas. We asked for boarding pass so we could go out to grab a bite. They guy first said he couldn't until an hour prior to our flight. We had to explain why we needed our pass before he printed our pass. While doing this he made a couple rude statement, \"how many people do you have? Making me work\" are they not here to help? Next time I'll make sure the person is having a good day before asking about my seats. After all said and done everybody is sitting alone. With a group of 14, five are kids. After a second third time talking to him we finally got the kids together. Forget that we checked in early to try to get seats together, forget that we booked together. Next time I'll fly with someone else."
"Verified Review | This is my 4th and last reservation with Delta. The prior 3 reservations were all late, I missed my connections and had to wait hours for the next plane. The last straw was today 8/14/17. My son is in the military and is coming home on leave. Delta decides to delay a plane with approximately 25 people for 3 hours because \"a flight attendant got lost\". So needless to say, my son missed his first connection, now will miss the second connection (and last flight to Florida by the way) and now has to stay at the airport until the next flight after 8am tomorrow. Ladies and gentlemen, that is how Delta rewards our men and women who serve in the military."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Miami. Arrived 3 hours early for connecting flight after our KLM flight from Amsterdam. Due to huge line in immigration and security and hardly any staff raced to gate to board for Miami but they closed the doors already. No accommodations, no apology just rude attitude from gate agent. No calling passengers names and flight left missing many passengers from the wait line. Have no idea if luggage made it or not and freezing cold lying on floor amongst all the dust and construction noise. Very unpleasant situation. The KLM flight was little late departing as waiting for late passenger to board and announcing them several times. No such courtesy for us and no courtesy or help at all."
"Verified Review | Delta have adopted Spirit Airlines as their business model but they stand behind having room and space for people to operate in, which is false. The service workers are as good as they can be but the policy makers have put all these folks in a bad spot cramming tons of people in tight spaces. Boarding and exiting the plane is unorganized and difficult. Delta are a bad choice if your flight is over 90 minutes long. Leg room is non-existent, even in most of their preferred seating. Long lines in just two bathrooms areas from NYC to San Francisco. Will not be flying Delta anymore."
"Verified Review | Flew Detroit to LaGuardia. This is again an example of cattle transport. Delta had old planes. This one really looked like it was ready for the junk yard. Again, at Delta you get nothing. The seats are totally uncomfortable as well. I was happy to land in New York and have this experience behind me."
"Verified Review | I was in transit in Minneapolis from Tokyo, in order to go back home in Monreal, on August 5th. My flight has been delayed until August 6th 12h00 pm. The aircraft had a mechanical problem which would be supposed to be fix up during the night. Because I was in transit, I didn't havethe right to go out of the airport to the hotel that was offered by the airline. I was the only customer in this situation, so they managed my problem by giving me a mattress, a pillow and a blanket, and told me to sleep in the airport. I asked if it would be possible to open one of the Delta Lounge for the night, but I was told that it was not possible. I waited 1 hour and a half for the pillow and the blanket. One of the passenger told me that that it was the second cancellation in 2 days for this flight going to Montreal."
"Verified Review | Originally supposed to fly Boston to Vienna via Amsterdam. I arrived at terminal A at the airport in Boston at 13.00 for the 16.45 flight. Check-in took longer than it should. I then went to the Delta skyclub lounge and it was dirty. The food was mediocre. You also have to ask an employee for the wifi password. I went to the gate and the flight started boarding at the normal time. Seats were not the most comfortable, even for business class. A crew member rudely forced me to put my passport in the overhead bin rather than in front of me. I never forget stuff on aircrafts! We were just about to depart when the captain told us there was a delay because of a broken air vent in the cockpit that was just discovered. The plane was sitting at that gate all day. Why didn’t they spot the damage when the plane arrived from Amsterdam that morning? First the crew spent 25 minutes trying to fix the vent in the hot sun with no air conditioning allowed, then another 30 minutes talking on the phone with their maintenance HQ, then they told us there would be a delay until 20.30 at night. We were forced to exit the aircraft so they could take it to the hangar. Now we had 300 people with missed connections waiting in line at the help desk with only 2 employees there. The staff acted uncaring and oblivious and many people were getting very angry with them. When I reached the front of the line the Delta customer service staff told me I couldn’t do anything and I was forced to stay on this delayed flight. They didn’t even look at other options! I did not see them look down at their computer screens when I asked them about re-booking. They probably just want my money. They never updated us on the repair progress but the flight was now delayed until 23.00. At that point I wouldn’t make it back to Austria for another 2 days. I called my travel agent and they successfully rebooked me on a 22.15 Lufthansa flight through Frankfurt. It was on time and everything about that airline (lounge and aircraft) was so much better than Delta! I arrived in Vienna 5 hours later than expected. I later found out the Delta flight to Amsterdam was eventually cancelled. Avoid this airline for international connections!"
"Verified Review | My flight was supposed to be such a short trip, that is why I chose to fly instead of drive from Seattle to Spokane. Both flights were majorly delayed on my trip and it defeated the purpose of flying. In addition to that, it seemed very prominent with the crew that this is a regular thing. When I go onto the plane, the overhead bins barely fit my carry on purse. I had to fly with my carry on underneath my feet. With all the delay and keeping us at the airport so long, you think they would at least hand out pretzels or water. Nope. Terrible schedule and service. I will never be flying Delta again. Should have flown Alaska. They had a Spokane to Seattle flight scheduled for later than mine - that arrived in Seatac before my Delta flight did."
"Verified Review | I missed my connecting flight with Delta due to an electrical storm. Although that is not the airline's fault, the fact that I had less than 5 minutes to get to my other plane and the crew did not ask for people who were not connecting to wait to disembark so those of us that needed to run could make our connections. Atlanta is a big airport and of course the connecting plane was on the opposite side of the terminal. Once making it to the connecting gate, the customer service representative chuckled when she told the 4 people, that needed that plane, \"yes, that's your plane pulling away\". I slept in the terminal because the next available flight was 9 hours later. Gate changed at least 3 times. I am writing this as I sit on the plane they rebooked me on, supposedly getting ready to go, but actually has sat at the gate with all passengers for over an hour because the underground fuel tanks aren't working. Needless to say, my connecting flight has now been delayed by 1.5 hours. My main complaints are that the desk people are rude and the communication is poor. The airport is dirty."
"Verified Review | Boston to Charlottesville via La Guardia. Worst airline experience! Both my flights (BOS-LGA delayed from 7pm to 8:30pm and LGA-CHO delayed from 9 pm to 11 pm) were delayed by couple of hours which was fine and understood - but just 30 mins before my 2nd flight (at 8:30 for LGA-CHO) they emailed me that the 2nd leg of the flight will be on time and the first flight won't reach on time for me to even think about rushing and getting to gate to try to make it. Cherry on the cake they did not even wait for few passengers going to CHO and said you are scheduled for next afternoon now via Atlanta - so basically by the time I reach my final destination it will be 7pm of next day. By the way, no apologies at all during the whole 24 hrs process. Will never fly Delta!"
"Verified Review | Flew Delta Air Lines from Nashville to Salt Lake City. Flight crew were great. When I arrived late to make my connecting flight the gate attendent told me there was no room. Gave us a $100.00 voucher and said they would supply us with pillows and blankets. We were apparently welcome to sleep anywhere in the airport. $100.00 is compensation really? Apparently if look around there are flat benches. All good works of the flight crew destroyed."
"Verified Review | Purchased an international flight through KLM, flying from New Orleans to Atlanta and then to Amsterdam. The first flight is so far 45 minutes late, and I'm worried about being able to catch my second flight. They are having technical difficulties with electricity, and it's totally inconvenient and frustrating."
"Verified Review | Flew Seattle to Austin. I bought this ticket weeks ago and was given seat 21 D. When I arrived to check in the terminal would not accept my ID so I waited in line for special services for 57 minutes once I looked at my watch. Only 3, sometimes 4 staff were around to take care of a long line. When I checked in I found that there was no seat for me. The excuse being that there was a change of equipment. However since there was a 21 D on this plane what difference is that? I was offerred the back row in exchange, no regret, not sorry, so nothing. Then I was told by this astonshing gate man that If I was nice he would not lose interest in helping me. Is this behaviour going to be allowed go forward?"
"Verified Review | Barcelona to New York JFK on 15th July. The flight was delayed by 3 hours and the crew was rude. I was with my 9 year old son and we were sitting on seats 54H/54J. I requested the Flight attendant working that section guy to help me put my bag up on the storage and he said we are here to assist and not help - very rude and obnoxious. Customer service at Delta in general is just horrible."
"Verified Review | Delta flight from West Palm beach to La Guardia was delayed since 1 PM. Now they announced that we might take off at 7 PM. If you do the math that's 6 hours of wasted personal time and unnecessary inconvenience. I promised myself to never fly with Delta ever again! Worst experience with this unprofessional and careless company."
"Verified Review | Greensboro to London via Atlanta. Complaints sent to Delta for reference to anybody misguided enough to think of flying with them. 3 flights on delta in 3 days, each flight significantly delayed, due to incompetence at a level I have never experienced before, including over an hour to load freight that arrived late, and gate staff posting an hour delay resulting in passengers leaving the gate then scrambling to get them back to the gate. Three flights overbooked, incredible. And to add insult to an already desperately bad service the cabin staff closed one of the two business toilets twice, once after service and once just before landing for \"staff use\" and I was told to either wait 5 minutes because staff have priority or join a growing queue of paying passengers. I will attempt to never fly Delta again."
"Verified Review | The flight was delayed in Paris for 4 hours plus the 3 hours layover so 7 hours, then we came to New York and that's where the worst happened. The flight was delayed three times then was canceled, and no hotels for us. I had to spend the night and the day there sleeping on the floor next to the exit of the airport cause they won't let you enter to the gate. I arrived to San Francisco I waited 1 hour to collect my baggage and I found out that they only sent one - the other one is hanging out in New York. Thank you delta for making my experience horrible."
"Verified Review | New York to Keflavik. Flight DL446 was scheduled at 9PM July 13, ended up departing 11:13AM the next day. It was delayed hour after hour, first notification of delay was at around 6:30PM that it was delayed to 10:05PM, then 5 minutes later told it is delayed to 11:15PM, then 12:15AM, 1:02, 1:32, 1:50, 2:30 and finally 7AM (this delay was announced at 2:20AM). I decided to cancel and refund my ticket at 2:30AM and just leave as I was going to Reykjavik for the weekend and it would have been a waste. Thankfully the Delta hotline accepted the refund and told I was to receive my money in one week (we'll see how that goes) and that I had to go to baggage service desk in JFK to claim my bag. I filed a baggage request form and was told that it will be delivered to my house in Manhattan by 3:30PM and that the baggage employees arrive at 5:40AM (I had to wait 2.5hrs at least). I had already been at the airport for 8 hours so did not want to wait. Well, now I regret it. Bag never left the plane and boarded the flight to Reykjavik. Not sure how that happened. On July 14, hotline employee told me that it will board the next flight (DL246 KEF-JFK on July 15). I said no problem and did not mind the wait, and I handled this all calmly even though almost all my belongings are in that bag as I am in NY for a few weeks only. I call again today (July 15) and the bag is still in Reykjavik and employee is not sure when it will come back to NY. Honestly I do not mind waiting but to be promised to receive the bag on a day and then for it not to happen not once, but twice, is very poor customer service. After 8 hours in the airport and cancelling my trip, not having my bag with me is the last thing I would want to happen. Also, every single time I called them (at least 6 times so far), I waited at least 20 to 25 minutes on hold before someone picked up."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Amsterdam via Atlanta. Really really horrible customer service at their own hub airport in Atlanta. Flight delayed due to their maintenance issue, connection missed and they treat you like you're some annoying homeless person and at first tell you to go to 5 different places, then when you're at the right place, you are not allowed to ask a question without standing first in line for 4 hours (yes 4 hours starting at 12 am) when you get to the counter you're being told that they won't help you because some system error airline didn't release the ticket and they will wait until 8 am when the airline opens at their airport. You're not getting a hotel because they have none available from their partners! So they expect you to \"hang-around\" for 20 hours after already traveling for long to wait for your flight giving you a 15$ voucher for food! This is the most ridiculous service I've ever experienced. When I summed up the fact that they made me wait in line for 4 hours to tell me they won't help me, they denied ever telling me to stand in the line. Very rude and arrogant staff. Last thing you want to experience on a long journey. Avoid Delta at all costs."
"Verified Review | La Guardia to Cincinnati. I paid a little extra to go with Delta over typical budget airlines, what a mistake! I flown with a dozen or so airlines over the years, and never have I encountered the level of a incompetence and indifference than from the staff of Delta. Not only did the plane arrive 30 minutes late but the stewardesses for the flight arrived an hour past when the flight was scheduled because they were both on separate flights that were also late somehow. Why would you schedule staff to work on one plane when there still in the air working on other plane? This is ridiculous! And this was on a clear summer day, not a winter blizzard. Also, while trying to exchange my tickets weeks in advance because my travel dates changed they resorted to outright extortion. They said they would it cost me $200 per ticket to exchange them for flights that were selling from their own website for $106 each. When I told them that I could just buy new tickets for almost half the price of exchanging them they then told me that they would void my return ticket even though I wasn't trying to chang the return trip. Delta's service is far worse that even the cheapest of the budget airlines. I will never fly with Delta again."
"Verified Review | I will never be flying on Delta Air Lines again. We arrived at the gate to find out our flight from Fort Lauderdale to New York JFK was delayed 2 hours due to air traffic in the Washington area. 2 hours later and there is still too much traffic to fly through Washington so we had to change routes to go around. Great idea if only they had the brains to think of this sooner. Now we are finally on the runway and they just realized that the flight time would be longer due to the new route. Turns out we don't have enough fuel. So back to the gate we go. This has been the worst travel experience of my life. To add to it all they \"ran out\" of headphones. I have already been at this airport/on the plane for 6 hours and we are still at the gate. Will we ever make it to New York? Not sure."
"Verified Review | One of the worst experience ever with Delta. I have never had to deal with such unfriendly and unprofessional crew in a long haul flight (Sydney to Los Angeles). At lunch time, the flight attendant literally threw the food platter on my tray telling me \"that's pasta and that's what's left\". The rest of the crew set a mood of intimidation, unfriendliness and brashness. Not one smile, not one courteous gesture: plain rude. I was very surprised to witness that such service would still exist nowadays: a real horror story. We even requested to talk to the cabin manager to lodge a complaint but Delta does not even have a crew manager on board (or so were we told as they might back up each other). A truly appalling experience."
"Verified Review | Staff are completely unprofessional. We have flown with our baby multiple times and purchase her a seat even though it is not necessary until they are two. The flight attendants on this trip flying from Montana to Phoenix via Salt Lake City have been terrible - they are completely rude and have to awareness of how to cater to family travelers. The flight attendants tried to make us check our car seat multiple times even though the manufacturer website clearly shows the seat is airline approved. Also we have a Chico key fit 30 which is one of the most popular car seats sold and I would hope before trying to make us check it unnecessarily they would be up to date on the most commonly approved seats. A child can sit in a lap with no seat so I do not see the issue for what seat is traveled with. After throwing a big fuss over our seat and getting management involved and all the other passengers involved telling them it is approved they finally with disgruntled looks on their faces \"let\" us use the seat as an exception! They acted like they were doing a favor by not having us check the seat when it is clearly approved on the website. I am disgusted to pay for a seat and be treated this way as if they are doing us a courtesy. It is completely ridiculous and needless to say Delta will be our last choice for flying going forward."
"Verified Review | London to New York. The flight was delayed by at least two hours due to inclement weather which you could understand and deal with but not unprofessional attitude of the staff. Actually it was just one member who proceeded on three, yes three occasions to ignore me while giving out drinks. Once for a cup of tea, again passed over when offering a bottle of water twice! I get that they need to stretch across to take the window seat person's tray but no excuse me, nothing! One other thing was just before boarding it seemed a little chaotic as people were lining up and did not know which line or where it seemed to be going. The staff were waving you here there and everywhere. Perhaps putting large print signs with more concise info would be more helpful. Though the rating is on the low side, I would recommend this airline as my London to New York trip went fine but return one not so much."
"Verified Review | Zurich to New York JFK. After having a horrible experience departing with Delta back on June 21, 2017, when I returned to JFK, I went through customs and monitored the electronic board for the carousel for baggage. Plane landed at 1:12pm, and at 2:10 the baggage was still not listed. Finally, a number of us started asking various employees who would walk by (almost always not a Delta employee but an airport one), and finally someone said \"The board is not correct. Wait for an announcement.\" Eventually we were told the bags had been already out on Carousel 4 (and there were dozens of flights from Delta and other carriers, with hundreds if not thousands of people in the whole area). Disgusting, and incredibly unprofessional. We need in the USA to follow Europe and punish airlines when they screw us over."
"Verified Review | I was on a Delta flight from Chicago to Los Angeles with a connection at Minneapolis. I had a horrible experience. The layover time was 30 mins, which I knew to be risky because it includes the time it takes to deboard a plane. We landed on time (1 minute early) and the race began. A Delta employee gives me the gate number but doesn't tell me that the connecting gate was at the other end of the terminal and would take a 10 minute walk! Regardless, I arrive at the gate before 30 mins (it took me maybe 28 minutes) but I was told I couldn't board because the airplane door was closed. I was not offered an apology. To make things worse, I had talked to a Delta employee on my way to the gate and asked them to call the delta employees at the connecting gate and let them know that I am on my way. That was the last flight to LA of the day, and I had to sleep on the ground because I wasn't offered a hotel. I took another flight the next day, which fortunately was half empty. Other than the terrible customer service, the plane was clean. However, the wifi wasn't working. We got the standard minimal beverages and some peanuts."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Washington Dulles. Very disappointed in Delta Air Lines and will be canceling delta credit card. We were delayed multiple times by weather related incident to then be told we would be flying when the plane arrives to then be told the flight was canceld as we waited until 1:30 to be told. Waiting around for nothing when we could have been told earlier and either went home or got a hotel and rebooked. Why wait until 1:30am. No compensation or credit or hotel to stay in nothing. Things happen, but to not be taken care of for nothing is a little absurd. Statistics show that if you stayed at a hotel and had an ok experience you would most likely not stay at that hotel. If you had a bad experience, but the staff took care of and made that experience right you would go back at a much higher rate. If only Delta would have done the smallest thing I would def use them again. I will now try and never use them if I have the chance. Thanks Delta, hello Southwest"
"Verified Review | Had nothing but problems on this trip with Delta Air Lines. Flight from Tucson was cancelled delaying trip for a day. On the way back we had 2 stops. Flight from Portland delayed, no reason given. Flight in Seattle delayed, no reason given, which made us late for final leg of trip out of LA. Although plane to Tucson was still on the ground they would not let us board. The airline provided a hotel room. However, it took over 2 hours to get luggage and to the hotel room despite hotel being less than 2 miles from the airport. Returned the following day to fly to Tucson. Gate agent missing, total chaos, and plane left late."
"Verified Review | I had a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta and connecting flight from Atlanta to Virginia. \"Due to weather\" we were in the air for an hour on which I got left behind from my connecting flight. I got to the gate at 10.30 and the flight was departing at 10.40 and the plane left early. I was left behind in an airport and city I don't know. I proceeded to the gate where Delta employees were \"helping\" customers, but in reality they weren't. One employee started yelling at a customer for not standing in a single file line. After waiting for almost an hour to see if I could catch another flight to my final destination, I finally got to the counter and the delta employee was rude, not helpful and wasn't listening to my needs. All he offered was a flight the next day at 12.07 pm and told me if I didn't like it I could get on the phone and find an alternative. So I got on the phone with a Delta representative, explained my situation and she wasn't helpful either. I asked to be put on a flight with the partner airline that was leaving that same night and her response was no. After being on the phone for 45 mins all I got was a flight from atl to Norfolk at 7am. I got to Norfolk at 9.05 so had missed my interview and was also one hour and 30 mins from from my destination. I am not pleased at all with the way Delta managed the situation. On top of all that my connecting flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale got delayed by 2 hours and no information was given on why it was delayed. Needless to say I will not recommend or flight with Delta again!"
"Verified Review | Kansas City to La Guardia. Horrible experience. Delta should definitely invest more of their budget fixing their airplanes. Sunday I traveled with them out of LGA and because of technical issues flight was delayed 3 hours, then the excuse was that the flight was overbooked and eight people had to leave the plane. Finally today after hours of delay because of technical issues, the flight was cancelled with no more flights available until tomorrow."
"Verified Review | Washington to West Palm Beach via Atlanta. Just got off a flight where the flight attendants talked on the intercom almost the whole flight. And the volume was so loud my ears are ringing and I have a pounding headache. Never before have I been on such an annoying flight where you couldn't relax, rest, watch a movie, or read because of the incessant talking on the overhead announcer speaker about nothing. When we got off the plane, the person I was traveling with expressed the same frustration. The flights attendants need to shut up! I would much rather fly Southwest where you can actually enjoy your flight!"
"Verified Review | Manchester to Boston via New York. I am disgusted by the way Delta treat their customers. My wife and I booked through Virgin a return flight Manchester to Boston via New York. Besides the flight being cancelled from New York to Boston their staff were non existent. We arrived in New York delayed but with a time that was tight as you have to go through security and immigration. After panicking a little we found the flight was delayed. We set off to the boarding gate. I am disabled and require a mobility scooter to get around so I was waiting patiently for Delta member of staff to check us out as usual. This never happened. To cut a long story short the flight while we sat waiting was delayed four time was coming from two different Airports and then cancelled. We were directed by an announcement that we had to go to a certain area in the airport to ascertain what to do next. We arrived at the named area and there was a queue. After waiting for about thirty minutes a staff member came out and said that we should go to another area. This we did it was a long way to go we reached the area and again a queue - after about thirty minutes we got to the desk. I iterated to the staff member that we had been travelling for over 20 hours and I was very sore. The staff member asked my wife to go around the back to look at the screen. I was unable to and also never asked to. The staff member was showing my wife that we were entitled to a hotel because I was disabled. I find this distasteful as surely anyone delayed due to the airline failings were entitled. Anyway we asked how we should get there and produced a voucher for a taxi. We were then told how to get to the taxi stand. I asked about our bags as my medication was in there. We were told to go to another office which was baggage claim. On arriving there we asked about the bags and we were refused. We went to the taxi stand and tried to find the taxi company asking one of the drivers he was not easy to understand he said it was his taxi. I was put in the back by means of ramps and I only just got in. The taxi driver did not know where the hotel was my wife caught a glimpse of it and showed it to the driver. Arriving at the hotel he wanted another voucher for the return journey next day. We did not have one. We ordered a taxi through the hotel, as I could not go through that again costing $40. Arriving at JFK we proceeded to the gate and guess what another delay. I thought here we go again. At the new take off time an hour delay there was further discussion as to how they would handle my mobility scooter and after one member of staff who seemed to be the group leader refusing to load it as they had not been trained. After a long discussion I was allowed to go to the Aircraft doors and my scooter was taken away. My thoughts were I was never going to see it again. I was directed to a seat,which was difficult to get in due to my disability and then found my wife was seated elsewhere. We arrived at Boston and went to retrieve our cases and found they were not there. My wife thought she spotted them some way from the area and sure enough it was them. We were then told that they had come on an earlier flight. It would of been helpful and customer focused to tell us that in the beginning The return flight was also a nightmare but I am not in mood to go on as it gets me more angry by the thought of it"
"Verified Review | Flew Delta from Chicago to New York. Seats are assigned at the gate. Multiple staff members present at the gate however staff chose to ignore me standing there. At my second attempt to asked whether I could be seated next to my husband the staff member barely made eye contact with me and did not offer to assist with this query. I witness other people's queries being answered rudely. Extremely unprofessional service for an airline. I will not be flying with this company in future."
"Verified Review | New York to Seattle. The flight was delayed due to a flight attendant being late from another flight. When many of us passengers who were taking connecting flights voiced our concerns about missing our flights to the flight attendants we were ensured that we would reach or something would be done. We arrived in Seattle at 1050 which was approx 30 minutes later than expecting. Due to my connecting flight being on the complete other side of the huge airport I missed my flight, along with many others. Then I was told that although I was supposed to be on a connecting flight I could still get my bags at SeaTac but of course my bags were already at my final destination. It was absolutely horrible!! I would never fly Delta again."
"Verified Review | Delta continues to employ overbooking. As I was flying out of New York to Austin, I was preparing to board when I watched the harried gate agent begin the begging process for anyone willing to give up their seat on the early flight for a guaranteed seat 10 hours later. We were told after the flight had left that we would receive an email explaining the process for receiving our compensation in \"about 30 minutes.\" That was Friday - today is Monday - no email. I would think Delta would learn that bad press is to be avoided - but maybe you are functioning on the premise that any press is good press."
"Verified Review | Shannon to Columbus via New York. My family and I flew internationally and Delta refused to move us to an earlier connecting flight, despite the fact that we had plenty of time and they told us the earlier flight had plenty of seats. To make us even more mad, they said \"if it was one of you we could do it, but not for a family.\" So, I can only conclude that Delta hates families? Or they're just lazy? I'm mad that I have to sit in the airport for 6 more hours. How is Delta so stupid? Now there are less seats on the later flight to possibly sell, and they just chose to anger five international travelers who have families of their own. Way to simultaneously screw your customers and yourself, Delta. We won't be back. I gave them a 1/10 instead of a 0/10 because the flight crew on our first leg of the trip was great."
"Verified Review | Flew Delta Air Lines from Atlanta to Toronto. I have been flying for years, never before have I had such a bad experience as this one. Not only did they run out of space to put away my small carry-on luggage but, they also could not reach all their customers with drinks and food. This will probably be the last time I fly with Delta. Having a delayed flight is normal but, with all these other factors that went into the poor flight, this will have to be the last time."
"Verified Review | Flew Detroit to Las Vegas with Delta Air Lines. Very uncomfortable. I thought since this was a bigger plane, that the seats would be larger. Nope. The airline staff also skipped over me during the snacks and beverages. This is also the only flight in which I got a terrible headache from the sound of the plane. Lastly, the headrest video/music player did not work well enough to be able to watch or listen to much. Big disappointment."
"Verified Review | Boston to Atlanta. Still waiting at the airport, my flight was changed and delayed 3 times, all they blame is on Boston Logan airport, due to construction. Don't they know in advance the going construction ? And change their flights in advance too we been waiting here for 6 hours and Delta is not doing anything for us, worst customer service."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Johannesburg via Atlanta. I was very disappointed with Delta Airlines, I booked my ticket to Zimbabwe on January 28th, 2017 for a trip in May 2017. I purchased separately a Delta Comfort seat for an additional total of $418 because I knew the 16 hour non stop flight to and from ATL to JNB was long. This reservation was done over the phone since I needed the assistance of a Delta agent to book a ticket from JNB to HRE and from HRE to JNB. When it came to checking in 24 hours prior to my trip on the 1st of May, the online system would not let me check in online. I had to call a Delta agent to assist with checking in. After being on the phone for over an hour, the agent had to redo my reservation under a new record locator and confirmation number. According to this agent, the reason why it would not let me check in was because there was a Date of Birth mismatch. The agent assured me that my seating remained intact, and just the confirmation had changed. I was finally able to check in. When boarding at RIC airport, all of a sudden, the agent gave me a new seat number which was NOT the original seat number I reserved. When I arrived in ATL, my boarding pass wouldn't scan. I was supposed to board with the SKY priority zone, but could not. I was supposed to be on seat 31F which was a delta comfort seat. The agent told me that they were checking to see if my luggage had transferred to the flight. I thought that was an odd response. All of a sudden, I have a new boarding pass with a new seat number 53E and they just reassigned me with no notice or explanation. I located the seat thinking it was another Delta Comfort seat, but it my dismay, it was a basic economy class seat. I reported this mix up immediately to one of the stewardess. She got the agent that reassigned my seat. This agent claimed they did not have a record of my purchasing economy comfort seat, yet it was on the documentation that I presented to him. I insisted that I wanted my original seat back, but of course he was totally unwilling to help or do anything to look into it.He totally disregarded me and ignored everything i had to say and walked away. Now, I was told to take the economy seat as there were not delta comfort seats available as the plane was getting ready to takeoff. I had no choice but to do so. As a delta skymiles member, I was lied to by these agents and was very disrespected. If Skymiles members are treated this way and based on this experice, I will certainly cancelling my skymiles membership and delta gold credit card after being treated like trash. I also will not be recommending delta as customer service oriented airline. In my opinion, Delta demonstrated bad business practice, by relinquishing my comfort seat when it was already paid for. How do you loose a comfort seat which should have been secured for by payment?"
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Richmond. I'm very disappointed with Delta Air Lines. You should not have to pay extra to bring luggage and to pick a seat on the plane. The lady picking seat assignments was very rude when I was trying to ask questions. Both of my flights were delayed do to Flight attendance not being on time. I will never book with this company again. A 6 hour trip turned into 8. I would have expected better for a company I paid more for."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Miami. My husband and I purchased plane tickets for our honeymoon roughly 7 months ago for this flight. We were just married two weeks ago and we have plans to spend a week in the East Caribbean. We purchased economy tickets with Delta Airlines because, as one would expect, we were on a close budget while saving for the wedding. We followed up with check in procedure, signing in to schedule our seating at 4:33pm, 24 hours before our flight. The check in opened at 4:30pm on May 18th. 3 minutes into check in all of the seats were booked. So on our honeymoon we are having to sit separately. My husband then called Delta Airlines and spoke to a representative that stated it was a full flight, and for us to speak to the front desk representative at our terminal for accommodations. We arrive at the airport today and waited in line. After hearing an announcement stating that there are several unassigned seats currently and not to worry, that a seat assignment would be given to the individuals when they board the plane. When we did our check in yesterday we had a choice of 2 separate individual seats rows apart from each other even though we booked our tickets 7 whole months in advance. The representative greeted us when we came up to the desk and let us know that no accommodations would be made for our situation even though it was a special occasion for us. She brushed us off and asked us to please take a seat. I am dissappointed. We recently flew with Delta earlier this year and I was highly impressed with their level of organization and professionalism. We travelled with our family of 14 people and were able to book 3 full rows of seats for our whole family with no issues. I am sad on the first day of our trip that no accommodations could have been made for my new husband and I when we followed procedure and planned so meticulously. We are boarding the plane now."
"Verified Review | Boise to Dublin via New York. Had to get home for my grannys funeral, spent $1175.78 for the ticket. Trip from Dublin to Boise all was fine. On way back, left Boise to Salt Lake City, told there was going to be just over an hour delay, I asked at the Delta desk, will I make my connector at JFK to Dublin, was told yes. Left SLC about 30 minutes into flight, flight was told they were doing construction on runways at JFK. Right before we landed at JFK, they made an announcement to the flight to please let ones who were connecting to Dublin off the flight first as we needed to make our connection. Well, there were about 18-20 of us that missed the flight to Dublin by 8 minutes. Yes, 8 minutes Delta would not hold the flight for us. 10:05pm in JFK and we were told plane left, no flight for 24 hours, I asked if they had a motel for us or any food vouchers - anything, we were told as a group, no. Slept on the floor of JFK Airport tell 8am the next morning then spent $60.00 of my money to check into the Delta Club, yes I got to take a shower and eat and rest, but I feel that of no fault of mine, Delta could have made a little effort to hold the connecting flight for 8 minutes or help all the folks that were in the same position as I was for 24 hours."
"Verified Review | Amsterdam to Boston. Not surprised by poor service of a major US airline. Seats changed at the last minute. Given worst seats in business. Chief flight attendant did not care. Luckily traveling on KLM ticket from South Africa. KLM crew intervened and got our seats changed. Special meals were not on board despite being present on Delta web site. Typical US airline cattle car service despite being in business class. Seats had privacy only one per window once we got our seats changed. Excellent food and comfort once we took off and had issues resolved. Bonus miles for problems on return from customer service were too little too late."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft. Worth to Atlanta. I have not flown Delta for a very long time. The seats are very small and narrow. I am not a stick thin model but I am also not a 300 lb. person. It might be a good idea to upgrade the planes and add just a little bit more width to the seats. To spend hours sitting in a very narrow seat is pretty bad. Once we landed, I was very sore when I got up."
"Verified Review | Amsterdam to Portland. Last year at this time we flew Heathrow to Seattle and Seattle to Portland and it was a wonderful experience especially on the way back because at Portland I was asked to checkin my hand luggage and garment bag. The garment bag didn't make it but after a Delta supervisor made a number of calls the bag was on the next flight and our pilot said on arrival at Heathrow he would let us know if the bag made it. To my amazement after a long flight leaving an hour late but arriving on time he told me at the exit that my bag was indeed on board. What fantastic service. I sent email to Delta but never even got an acknowledgement of it. This year from Amsterdam direct to Portland on DL179 we were called back to the gate because of a security issue. Bags on board but not the passengers who owned them? Not Delta's fault. But on a 10 hour + flight you would expect not to have to be reaching for Jerseys, hoodies & gloves to keep warm. Lots of passengers complained about it being freezing for the whole flight (it was colder than the cold water served up). We are flying back on the 22nd and hope we can get some sleep from Portland to San Francisco to Amsterdam then to Manchester, please Delta don't have it so cold."
"Verified Review | So disappointing. We've used Delta for international travel many times and had no problems. Internal US domestic travel has been so different. First of all they took our hand luggage off us and told us they had to check them. If we weren't prepared and had a smaller bag each we would of had to scramble and find something to put our essentials in as they didn't care and said there's no room, they need to be checked in. We had a multi leg flight but were told we wouldn't be allowed our luggage for any of the flights even though there might be room on the last flight. The flights themselves were fine, friendly staff and relatively on time. Just minutes late nothing bad. The next night is when we land at Daytona, the last flight and one of our bags doesn't turn up. Luckily an agent was still on site and told us that unfortunately the bag didn't get on the flight at Denver and that instead of being sent to Atlanta they sent it to Minneapolis. The bag is \"hopefully\" going to be on the 11am flight tomorrow which we have to go and pick up ourselves! If not they've told us it's going to be a problem as we are moving resorts everyday as we are on a touring holiday. Sorry Delta but that's not my problem, you ruined our first night in Florida."
"Verified Review | Pocatello to Charlotte via Portland / Salt Lake City / Atlanta with Delta. I spoke to the customer service agent in Pocatello about a delay notification received. At that point, I wanted to cancel and fly a different airline out of neighboring Salt Lake City. They looked for additional flights, there were no other options were found. Delta agent assured me it would not interfere with original arrival time. I accepted this but after my first flight, my third flight was delayed. I believe it was known originally and they just didn't want to refund my money and have me fly a different airline. Now I am currently stuck in Atlanta waiting on the next flight to Charlotte at noon. This will be my fourth flight. I explained it was my daughters birthday party, which I will not make it to now. I have been at various airports for 24 hrs. I just wanted to cancel and was deterred, lied to and I will not be flying Delta anytime soon. I suggest you choose another airline."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Amsterdam via Boston. Worst experience ever. I had a 50 hours delay. Delta was not helpful what so ever. There were hunderds of people at Tampa Airport and only one Delta employee to find flghts. I was forced to stay two extra days in Tampa. They rebooked and cancelled 4 times my flights. I am still waiting for a refund for the premium economy seats I paid for but was not able to use. Also I had to do a lot of talking before they would give me hotel vouchers for the two extra nights. I had to book a hotel myself. Never saw so many frustrated travellers. Delta was not able to handle the situation."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to New York La Guardia. I am very disappointed with this airline, not only did it delay our flight twice by 2 hours each time, I then got tickets to a more resonably timed flight to a different airport in NYC and as soon as I booked the next flight I got a text saying that one was delayed longer than the previous ones. When calling customer service they were very cold and seemed to just be reading off of a script, rather than listening to my frustration. So disgusted with the lack of compassion if I wanted generic conversation and answers I would have called a recorded line"
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Columbia via Atlanta. My experience with Delta has been horrible all around. I used miles which apparently they treat you like a 2nd class citizen which is insane because that means you fly often. I almost missed my first flight out on my connection due to them being late and having to wait for my carry on. They then made me feel bad about it. When I had booked my flight I had to pick an airport 2 hours from home because they were out of my nonblack out tickets. I tried to get my flight switched which they had flights for and they said yes and then changed their mind and said no. Now I go to check in and my flight is running late and I will most likely miss my connection. When I got frustrated they just told me it isn't their fault and I have no right to be upset. Then I asked it they can do anything and they said no it isn't our problem. I will now get home a day later. Terrible customer service. They should be embarrassed they treat their customers that fly with them often this way."
"Verified Review | Flying on Delta today has been one of the worst experiences I've had flying with any airline. My original departure for return started in Brunswick followed by a horrendous stop in Atlanta. Upon arrival at approx 230 pm I was directed to a boarding gate in terminal A gate 17. A short hour later they changed the gate to terminal A gate 31. A short hour later the flight was changed to terminal B gate 33. Keep in mind at no time was an announcement ever made for gate change, the unmanned tv screen just miraculously changed without notice. Just when we thought it was over and by we I mean the several passengers in wheelchairs, and those needing assistance to board, we're notified that 2 mins prior to boarding time they had changed gates again. This time we would have to run essentially to terminal E gate 35. Some arrived approx 10 mins after scheduled boarding including myself to be told that the flight will mow be pushed back because it flew in from Colombia and needed to be cleaned. I approached the gate representative and notified him that my next leg from Seattle was international and that the new arrival time only allows a 30 minute window between arrival time and actual departure of my next leg international to Victoria, Canada. The response I got was priceless and he typed my name into the computer to verify and suddenly looked up with a smile as he said I guess you should run when you get there! While I wanted to laugh I also realized it's probably not a good time as a rep to be making jokes to passengers who have been re-gated 4 times and may or may not make it home to their family on time or even the same day. Professionalism and some punctuality is important if you wish for customers to return and in this case as I heard from the crowd numerous times Delta lost many return customers to include myself."
"Verified Review | Miami to New York JFK. Only after 3 hours of delay, Delta reported a problem with the airplane and started the maintenance and 7-8 hours after the original boarding time we finally board. We waited 2 hours with not even water in a hot aircraft when they announced that the crew was working for too long and they asked us to get off the plane. Only one person from Delta was outside but he didn't know how to explain anything. At the end I left the airport after 12 hours and was not even offered any voucher or transport. I lost one day at the airport. Spent a lot of money with food, transportation, hotel and didn't get paid for the event I was working. Delta offered me $100, which I didn't accept."
"Verified Review | Delta flight left Billings, MT late. Connecting flight to Houston would not wait even until departure time for group of about 8 people who made it to the gate by running completely across the airport and managed to make it as much as 8 min prior to departure. Wanted to fly me all night thru two addition airports to get me to my destination midmorning the following day. The best they were willing to do when I refused was put me in a room tonight to get to Houston on a late morning flight. Chose to return to Billings and have to rebook at my expense to try again later this week. Clerk gave me a ticket and said I'd get there at 11 something. Got to that gate and checked status so I could give my husband the right time and found this flight also delayed. Est time of arrival is now 1.20am. I paid for you to waste my day today, but never again, Delta. I wish Southwest would add Billings to their destinations."
"Verified Review | New York to Miami. Lost not one but all 4 luggages. No one from Delta has assisted us during this stressful and utterly inconvenient episode. No one at Delta lost baggage department picks up the phone (we waited once over an hour on the line), chat line unable to help , email customer service does not respond, twitter account does not respond. We have no idea where our luggage is and are completely left on our own without information. Not even Ryanair is this bad and that is telling a lot about this airline."
"Verified Review | Panama City (Florida) to Baltimore via Atlanta. Only fly Delta if you don't mind your flight being canceled without prior notification until you arrive at the airport and then your connecting flight being delayed because they waiting on a flight attendant. This is my experience."
"Verified Review | Flew from Denver to Detroit. I've been flying Delta for years but will never again. From the time I initially booked to the 3 hours I've been waiting online because they messed up the tickets for my 2 daughters I am traveling with. It has been one mistake after the next. As I stand in the longest line I have ever seen, I listen to story after story of people that have had similar experiences. What a terrible airline. Never again."
"Verified Review | Worst travel experience ever. I was traveling for business and it was horrible! Delta staff was nowhere to be found and kept postponing but not canceling my flight for 10 hours! Every Delta employee I dealt with was rude and horrible customer service. I ended up driving from Atlanta to Nashville to try and catch a flight and when I arrived in Atlanta on the 6th at 4am the staff that opened up was incredibly rude. They did not help me rearrange my flight and I went to American Airlines who were helpful and got me home. When I asked Delta for help getting my luggage that was still on my cancelled plane in Atlanta they told me to have American Airlines handle it and it was no longer their responsibility. Great customer service in stressful times creates customers for life - Delta did not earn any customers for life that day."
"Verified Review | Roanoke to Cancun via Atlanta with Delta. Been stuck in Atlanta since 5pm yesterday and to top it off was stuck in Roanoke from 7am till almost 4pm the same day. No fuel for the plane for the 7am flight which made us miss getting to ATL. Put on a flight that finally got cancelled due to no co pilot, then spent 6.5 hours waiting to speak to someone in line at the service desk to get a flight which now at 12:23pm is delayed because once again no flight crew. Delta has cost me 2 days of vacation time at work and I have lost almost 2 days of time at the resort that's paid for on advance and not refundable. No one from Delta cares and keeps blaming the weather, however Delta didn't have fuel for my first plane and have now twice have had no crew for a plane that is ready. They don't even care I slept in a terminal because there were no hotel rooms available. I doubt I will ever fly Delta again because no one seems to care about how they have inconvenienced me and my wife - other airlines made the trip out of here why can't they?"
"Verified Review | Columbus to Daytona Beach via Atlanta. Delta is the poorest run airline. Delays, cancellations and no updates! App stops working and looses flight data. Try to go to the counter to get assistance and after several interruptions I finally get a ticket to Orlando. Terrible experience overall, may not fly Delta again!"
"Verified Review | Flew from Amsterdam to Detroit. Oh Delta what has happened to your economy comfort plus product. It used to be worth the upgrade. Now I'm not so sure. Inedible food, I defy anyone to guess what we were offered, pic attached. Reduced beverage trolley service. You used to be treated a bit better, not now. Increased cost reduced service. Trip only saved by decent aircraft and inflight back seat entertainment system."
"Verified Review | Due to fly from Orlando to LaGuardia. Terrible. Got to the airport 2 hrs in advance. As soon as I get there the flight has been delayed from 8.15am to 9.15am. I wait an hour and the flight attendant comes out and says \"remember everyone the flight is not departing at 9.15am!\" It's will be departing when the maintainence is done, which will be around 10.30am. We are not departing at 10.30am. Now I'm stuck here with no complimentary snacks or drinks for this over 2 hr wait."
"Verified Review | Grand Forks to Baltimore Washington via Minneapolis. The flight attendants were good, the luggage handlers were bad. I could see them from my 13A seat. They threw people's into the luggage vehicles with no care. My bag which I bought and used just for that trip now looks like it's 15 years old. Not good for such a massive airline. Feeling disappointed."
"Unverified | Cancun to San Francisco via Los Angeles. I have never been on a more frustrating flight. First, our flight was delayed an hour and a half (from 6pm to 7:30pm). Then, another hour and a half delay (7:30 to 9pm) Then after we finally boarded the plane and they made sure we were buckled in and ready to go, they let us know that another flight with higher priority took our slot at SFO and our flight was cancelled. I called customer service immediately and they let me know, they booked us on a flight at 8am the next morning! Keep in mind we were catching a connecting flight so we would've had to get hotel rooms for a family of 8 due to their mistake. I was then told my only other option was an extremely reduced per ticket refund because I had already flown most of the way. I dont know about others, but I dont like booking flights for \"most of the way there\". I took their refund and my family and I rented a car from LAX to SFO. Customer service over the phone was shoddy to say the least and the people at the gate were completely useless! They were dismissive and rude at the gate. I will never again fly this airline."
"Verified Review | I just want to make it known for anyone debating airlines that JetBlue and Southwest are far superior arilines. They allow two carry-ons for those who don't want to wait for an added 40 minutes at the carrousel for a small luggage bag. They won't make you check your small bag on a half empty flight like Delta. I've sadly consistently had poor service, lots of attitude, and the rules they have are nonsensical. This will be the fourth time I've flown Delta and it will be the fourth time there's been a problem. Never again."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Seattle. From 5 star to zero in moments. That first statement speaks to my recent Delta Air Lines experience. It started with one of the best flights on Delta Air Lines where I flew from cancun to Minneapolis. The captains of the plane struck up conversation before boarding and were very friendly. When we boarded the flight attendants asked our names, where we were from and treated us like gold. But, then we got to Minneapolis. We asked politely if there were any upgrades available and the gate agent answered the most condescending \"you do that when you book. Who told you that you could come here and ask me for this?!\" I was stunned. Not just stunned frankly insulted and angered. Paying customers should never be treated with such contempt and outright disgust. Delta who claims to put there customers first in this instance treated us like mere nuisances. This will definitely impact my decision whether or not to fly Delta in the future. To make matters worse I saw the same gate agent treating other customers with attitude, contempt and disgust."
"Verified Review | Providence to Raleigh/Durham via Detroit and Atlanta. For many years I have flown with Delta Air Lines nationally and internationally. Most of the time I was very pleased and complemented their kindness and great service. However, my last experience was totally the contrary. Both flights were delayed. I missed my connection and 90% of the agents I had to speak with were practically rude and had no desire to help. After going from one customer service station to another, I found a very kind agent who took her time and found me a seat in the next available flight. No apologies, no willingness to solve the problem was the attitude of the other ones."
"Verified Review | Boston to Guatemala City via Atlanta. This is the first time that I've flown in a number of years. I don't usually fly with Delta when I do fly, but there were several aspects to this trip which were disappointing. My wife and I went on a missions trip to Guatemala. Of the 16 of us, baggage was delayed for 5!! For one person, it was delayed for 2 days (out of a 7 day trip!). The Guatemalan baggage attendant did not provide a file reference number to us (which we needed for baggage charge reimbursement purposes), so I just completed an online letter to them explaining why I cannot complete their online form (wasting more of my time). Additionally, on the trip home, we actually happened to get upgraded to a \"comfort plus\" seat. The desk attendant told us it cost an extra $100 for these seats and we would get a complementary drink if we desired. The leg room was definitely better, but that was it. We were never offered any drink, and the service/attention we received was no different than in economy - which, in my opinion, was also sub-par. With the financial windfall airlines have enjoyed the last few years, I would expect more - and also cannot understand why they charge for 1 checked bag at all! In sum, this Delta experience was mediocre."
"Verified Review | Worst customer service I have received. I had a flight from Houston to New York scheduled for today, Monday the 13th, and have been calling to adjust my flight due to the storm since Friday. I was told numerous times that my flight would not be affected by this storm and that in order to change my flight I would need to pay a change fee and the difference. This is completely unacceptable when you have customers being proactive and willing to take earlier flights. I was more than willing to pay the difference in the flight, but no fee waiver was offered. After 4 calls and no help from any customer support representative my flight has now been canceled with no option but to fly out mid-day Wednesday. I am not only losing business but have important job opportunities at risk."
"Verified Review | I flew this morning from Charlottesville, VA to Boston, MA with a layover in New York at La Guardia. The flight from Charlottesville was delayed by 30 minutes, making me very afraid that I would miss my connecting flight in NY as the turnaround was very quick. Made it to La Guardia and ran to the Gate listed on my boarding pass, only to learn that the Gate had been switched. I was never notified and there was no announcement made. The flight from La Guardia left 35 minutes late. Onboard that flight, I was seated in the one row on the entire plane that was skipped for snacks/drinks. No apologies were made, and no one even acknowledged us at all. It felt as though we were intentionally being ignored. All in all, I feel quite disrespected and don't intend to fly with Delta again. There was one flight attendant on the flight out of Charlottesville who stood out for her excellent customer service and great attitude."
"Verified Review | Jackson Hole to Reno via Salt Lake City. Weather mishap, compounded by lack of sympathy and poor customer service. Initial flight delayed 2 hours. Missed connection by 10 minutes. No attempt to get me off the plane (or the other 10 people on that connection) quicker was made. We possibly could have made that flight if we were allowed to exit first. Second, calling help line I asked when the next flight out was, she said \"tomorrow\" and laughed. They offer no protection for weather delays, I was given a toothbrush kit with bathroom essentials after lying on the terminal carpet for nine hours. I purchased a bottle of whiskey and put it in my carry-on in Jackson after checking with airline security that this was allowed. The next day, they actually tried to charge me to check my carry-on or dump the bottle out. Since I bought my own hotel room and left the terminal, this bottle was no longer considered safe. When I asked them to comp it as an \"I'm sorry how poor your flight was\" the check in lady said, \"it not like it's our fault you bought whiskey\" - after asking her supervisor, they comped the whiskey. Poor attitude all around. Never fly again if I can avoid it."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Charlotte. Let me preface by saying this is not against Delta as a whole. It's for the gate agent. The lady working the gate in Atlanta at B29 on 2/23 for the flight to Charlotte at 3:10pm needs some serious lessons in customer service. I understand they have policies and protocols but there's really no need to be blatantly rude to your customers about it. I fly almost weekly with a carry on (that I'm almost always forced to check at the gate), my computer bag and a small purse. The purse can fit inside the computer bag but I wear it as a cross body and just slide it in the computer bag when I get to my seat. As I am walking into the tarmac she makes me stop and consolidate my tiny purse into my laptop bag. After a quick argument saying that it'll fit, I fly with this all the time she forces me to step aside, so I did and then I backed up to be out of the way and she proceeds to yell at me for where I choose to stand and then essentially makes fun of me to the next passenger boarding saying that I clearly didn't understand her the first ten times she said it. For the record, I heard her and I know the rules. I fly enough with the same 3 items and I'm never given a hard time about it. So if she enforces her rules more than others, bravo to a job well done but at least do it with some finesse and class. She's just rude and unprofessional. This is Delta, not a low class airline. The best part was, after I consolidated, they forced me to check my carry on anyways. She could have suggested that from the getgo instead of making a spectacle of me. The 1 out of 10 stars is for her, not Delta."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Great Falls via Salt Lake city. Flight delayed resulting in missed connection and adding hours to my travel time after already being in transit for 24 hours. Came off a code share flight from Australia. This is the 3rd change Delta Air Lines have made to my flight since booking last December. The staff here in Los Angeles have been uninterested and unhelpful to the point of rudeness"
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Paris. Last time for me to fly Delta. Yes, they provide a comparatively cheap fare from Germany to the US, but on both legs (to and from US) technical troubles with the plane (to US: engine; from US: autopilot) led to substantial delays. Badly enough, the information policy on the ground was non-existent (\"just don't go anywhere and wait until we board\") and on my way back my luggage was lost at Paris CDG airport and arrived three days later. Even though the Business Class product is not bad considering the price, the planes (old Boeing 767/757's) are run down and the two technical issues described above are certainly related to the fact that this airline strives at still flying 20+ year old planes on main routes."
"Verified Review | Charlestown to Atlanta via New Orleans. I booked a flight on Delta.com 6 months in advance and at the time was not given an assigned seat at that time. As the trip got closer I tried to see if I could get assigned seats so I was sure my wife and I were sitting together. I was told that there was a $50 upgrade fee in order to get assigned seats. I fly 2-5 times a year and I thought this was strange, I had never heard of this before on any airline. The day before our flights I received an email from Delta that they had changed the times of all of our flights. We booked our flights at specific times because we were meeting another couple in New Orleans. because of the flight change they were going to have to sit in the airpot for 2 hours waiting for us. When we arrived to check in they tried to bump us to an even later flight. on our connecting flight they did the same thing. On the return flight our plane arrived early but the gate was damaged and we had to be towed to another gate. This caused us to miss our connecting flight leaving us stranded in the airport for more than 4 hours. We had to scramble to make arrangements while going from gate to gate in the airport only to get home well after 12am. A 14 hour travel day. After almost two hours on the phone with Delta's support they offered us a $100 voucher. That was my last Delta flight. There are plenty of airlines to choose from. Why fly with a company that doesn't value you as a customer?"
"Verified Review | Raleigh-Durham to New York LaGuardia with Delta. I had a flight set up for the 12th and was forced to rebook to the 13th due to severe weather. My flight was scheduled to depart at 7am. I got confirmation just the night before, and had confirmation via email as well. I set my rides around this schedule, got up at 4am and headed to the airport. While in route, nearly arriving at the airport, my boarding pass changed to a 7pm flight. I received no email, no phone call and no text. I called to have this corrected and the representative lied to me and told me that the 7am flight was cancelled so they moved me to the 7pm flight without any form of update. Upon checking with Delta, I found that the 7am flight was still on time to depart. I state again that I had already nearly arrived at the airport by the time I got the notice of the 12 hour change. I have never been so disappointed in my life, I was able to have it changed to a 12pm flight, however this should not have been the case. Someone made a very big mistake along the way and I paid the price, not only did I pay the price but no one took accountability for this. Needless to say my frequent flyer miles are now wasted as I will never again fly Delta, nor will I recommend Delta to anyone."
"Verified Review | Nashville to San Francisco via Salt Lake City. Where to start, we got to Nashville airport with 2 check in bags each (3 of us traveling) and thought it would be easier to check in at the road side counter. The guy there weighed all our bags and then said 'come around this side of the counter and see the total cost for your bags', it was a total of $480 USD for the 6 bags. Now mind you we weighed all our bags before getting to the airport, they were on the limit yes, but he tried to say 1 was close to 60 pound. He then said he would make them all go through for the usual $30 per bag if we 'look after him', so we had to pay him cash (he had a massive amount of cash in his pocket) not so sure if this is Deltas policy. Onboard our leg from SLC to San Fran we asked for a beverage in which we were charged for. We were in Comfort + seating which clearly states on their website and in their brochure in the back of the seat that all drinks including alcohol are free. When asking if this is the case we got a little chuckle and 'argh no mam, no they're not included' and he proceeded to charge us. After re reading the brochure I asked the other attendant who looked at me blankly and said 'yes that's right they're included'. I advised him that his colleague doesn't know this and he has been charging all of us for what's supposed to be included. He had to go and refund everyone one by one. Then to top it off we get to San Francisco airport, get our luggage and my sister in laws brand new Jeep suitcase is distroyed. Literally falling apart. Looks like it had been run over. So off we go to luggage counter and the lady there - while chewing on a lollie - looks at us like we're morons and says 'oh I can get you another one but it won't be a Jeep one sorry'. Well that will have to do unless you want us to carry our underwear and toiletries from San Francisco back to Melbourne. Appalling Delta, very disappointed all round!"
"Verified Review | Tucson to Copenhagen via Atlanta / Paris. I was on a 3 day trip to Copenhagen, Denmark to meet my family, my sister came from London and brother came from Sri Lanka to meet me. I bought the ticket with KLM, but the flight was cancelled and they reschedule my ticket with Delta. My bags were checked in at Tucson to Copenhagen via Atlanta and Paris. However, from the beginning, I had bad experiences, at the check in desk two ladies refused to let me board saying that I do not have a valid visa to travel to France even though I produce them my Danish resident permit which is valid for all Schengen states. They simply gave my passport back saying that I cannot travel to France without a valid visa. (I am a Sri Lankan passport holder with a Danish resident permit). I had to speak to their supervisor, and he issued the boarding passes to only to Paris. Enquired him about the boarding pass from Paris to Copenhagen, he said I can get it from the machine once I arrived in Paris. When I arrived in Paris I tried to print my boarding pass, but I was not able to print it due to the fact that they find my flight reservation CDG to CPH. I had to rush to Air France customer service, and they said Delta has not issued my ticket from CDG to CPH while rescheduling my ticket. After 20 minutes thanks to Air France staff they gave my boarding pass. Once I arrived in Copenhagen my baggage did not appear. Then I asked for assistance at CPH lost baggage services to locate my baggage, and they informed me that they have no record after Atlanta. They asked me to contact Delta customer services agents. I contacted them and they were simply reading back to me what is on the Delta website and asked me to wait or either file a lost baggage complain. As per the telephone conversation with Delta baggage services on Saturday, they said they will deliver the baggage to my United States address as they do not have information regarding my baggage. Saturday the 10th December around 10.30pm they rang me and informed me that my baggage arrived at CPH and they are going to deliver it to my hotel. However, I could not hand over those to him as baggage was delivered to me around 11.00pm Danish time Saturday the 10th December, after my brother left Copenhagen. He flew back to Sri Lanka on the 10th December. I was really stressed out as I had to carry the Christmas gifts back to the US and I have no other way to deliver the gifts before Christmas. Moreover, I have to carry that 16kg back to Denmark next time. I asked them for extra compensation as they ruined my holiday as well as I have to find another way of sending the stuff to my family which I already bought for them. I don't think anyone would spend the US $1200 just for 3 days travel if the trip is not really important. Due to their mistake, my holiday was ruined and I could not fulfil the purpose of my travel. I am very disappointed with this Airline and I will avoid flying Delta again.."
"Verified Review | New Bern to Key West via Atlanta. This flight was supposed to leave at 0550 this am, it was delayed until 0800, then delayed until 1030, now delayed until 1058. We will miss our stand by flight from Atlanta to Key West, and have have to wait until 3.02pm and arrive in Key West at 5pm. Looking at a wasted day of our vacation. We are paying top dollar to stay in Key West and had purchased tickets for a festival today that ends at 5pm ($85). We won't get there to even enjoy a part of the beautiful weather. I have been up since 0130am. No food court, no bottled water offered, just doughnut and coffee. All Delta has offered is $125 voucher for a $377 flight. I find it very hard to understand why there are not any locally based standby pilots in case of sickness, and now no fuel. Very disappointing Delta - I expected better customer relations from you."
"Verified Review | Flew Delta Air Lines from Los Angeles to Phoenix. Terrible judgement. They had half the plane gate check their bags when there was room in the overhead bins. This cost me 30 minutes on the destination side and caused me to miss my evening plans. Whoever came up with such a short sighted policy or made the decision should be punished. On top of this the seats are tightly spaced my knees heavily abutt the seat in front of me. This airline is very poorly run in my opinion."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Seattle. Delta has the worst customer experience team. They cancelled my flight and refuse to provide a refund or alternate ticket, instead they are so generous to waive all the fees and only require me to pay the increased fare price. How generous! This is what I got after waiting on hold for hours, having my call dropped twice, and being transferred to the wrong department twice. Clearly these guys just wanted to get rid of me - and they were successful. I will never fly Delta again."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Denver via Atlanta. Never again with Delta. No communication, we were diverted to Tennessee for weather reasons (understandable), then de-boarded and re-boarded - only to have mechanical errors. I have been waiting on the Delta staff to tell me what's going on for hours and their customer service line has a 2 hour wait. This is ridiculous. I will never fly them again. Uncommunicative and unprofessional. No voucher offers for food or water ($4/ small bottle at the airport)."
"Verified Review | Hayden to Washington Reagan via Minneapolis. I paid full price for a ticket, and was held back until only one seat on the plane was left. Passengers paying with points and even stand-by passengers were allowed to board before me. When I asked why I was being singled out, the gate staff mumbled something about not understanding the \"algorithms\" the airline uses and walked back to her post. Once I was given a boarding pass, I asked the ground crew if it was still OK to bring my carry-on with me, and they said \"yes.\" When I finally boarded, however, the attendant said there was no overhead room left for my carry-on and that I needed to walk back to the gate and check it. I've never been treated so badly by an airline, for no apparent reason. Their policy seems to be to overbook and let the passengers and gate-keepers sort it out. They want to guarantee a full plane at a few passengers' expense. The passenger doesn't come first for this airline, only their profits. I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Bonaire to Salt Lake City via Atlanta. There were a number of issues on this flight - some beyond the control of the airline. But Delta failed to cater an international flight of over 5 hours duration. There were no first class meals at all and not enough coach meals to go around. Passengers were asked to share which was OK because the sandwich they provided to me was soggy - almost soaking wet and smelled so bad I refused to eat it in any event. Beverages were also in short supply and at the end of the flight as a first class passenger I was offered a choice of Diet Coke or tomato juice only. According to staff the plane should have been catered for the return flight in Atlanta and that did not get done. Flight crew advised that they had asked the terminal staff in Bonaire to make an announcement that if you wanted food or drink you needed to buy it before boarding. If that was done neither myself or anyone I talked to in first class heard the announcement. Flight crew promised that Delta would have a representative at the gate in Atlanta to do something for our inconvenience - that was a pipe dream. Due to the delays I had to run to clear customs, immigration and make my next flight out of Atlanta - also in the first class cabin but with no meal service. So I had a 12 hour travel day with a soggy, inedible sandwich and two bags of chips. I am a frequent business traveler and I avoid Delta whenever I can because they always lose bags, have issues with departure times etc etc. My first Delta flight since 2011 shows they have not changed their stripes."
"Verified Review | Absolutely terrible customer support and laughably-expensive air fares. I ended up cancelling my flight from NM to Iceland and was offered an e-credit (for much less than what the flight was worth), which was fine. However, upon trying to redeem said e-credit I was given a very thorough run-around. Two days of multiple phone calls and numerous lengthy hold times and I was even disconnected instead of transferred, which led to another hold. Finally, I was assisted with redeeming my e-credit but only to find out that it didn't even come close to covering the cost of flying NM to CA (this was a credit from NM to Iceland!), and furthermore, the flight times and number of transfers was atrocious (8 hours of travel time, to go 3 states away - 8 hours). In conclusion I will never be using this airline again."
"Verified Review | Never will we fly with Delta Air Lines again. We travelled from Heathrow to Atlanta on 28/12/2016 and our flight was delayed by two hours which meant that we missed our connecting flight to the Dominican Republic. We were reassured at Heathrow that rebooking would be taken care of. There was no further information at any point other than vague and empty reassurances after which we had to wait in a queue for immigration control for one and half hours. By this time I had a migraine and felt very unwell from the stress of the entire situation. After another queue at re-booking queue of 30 minutes were we told that there were no further flights for the day and we were booked into the Holiday Inn South Hotel, and provided with food vouchers for an evening meal and breakfast. We lost a day of our holiday as a result. On our return journey 10/01/17, our flight was delayed again and we were not sure if we had missed the connecting flight to London Heathrow as again we were not given any information. We were very anxious about missing the flight again, and we left our camera on the aircraft. We were in a queue for immigration for two hours - no information was forthcoming despite repeated requests for information as it was likely we could be re-booked for the 09.37 flight later that evening. We were told by one of the border agents that if we did not like waiting that we should not visit the United States. We then arrived at re-booking and had to wait a further 30 minutes to be told that we had been booked on the next flight which was leaving in 5 minutes and that we should run to the boarding gates. We pushed our way through the security ran all the way to the shuttle train, down corridors and up escalators and got to the gate to be told the flight had gone and there was nothing they could do. We were given a voucher to stay at the Ramada Plaza hotel. We did not have any hand luggage as this was checked on the flight but we were told we could collect an overnight pack. The queue for this appeared a further 30 minute wait so we headed off to the hotel. We arrived at the hotel to queue for a further 30 minutes before being allocated a room for the night. We were told that food vouchers could not be provided as this should have been given by the staff at the airport. We order some food which arrived at 1.00 am in the morning which we paid for using our visa card. As a result of the delays my husband has had to take a day's leave due to the delays."
"Verified Review | I am currently in Day 4 of a 13 day trip to Ukraine. My bags were checked on Sunday in PHL to JFK then to AMS (KLM) and to KBP (KLM - Ukraine International Airlines) but have still not appeared in Ukraine. I am getting no reasonable assistance from Delta Air Lines to assist me in locating my bags and making sure they get to me in Ukraine. The level 1 and 2 agents in Customer Service and baggage are refusing to own this situation, and pretty much just reading back to me what is on the Delta website. I am now resorting to Social media so hopefully someone outside of the @Delta customer service organization sees this and will reach out to me to assist. I am so dissapointed with the customer experience on this issue. I am a loyal Platinum member who takes brand loyalty very seriously and do not expect to be left high and dry this way."
"Verified Review | Memphis to Atlanta. This is a terrible airline if I am being completely honest. I have been rebooked 3 times, I have waited in the airport for over 9 hours for my flight to be rebooked due to weather. Because of weather they do not put you up in a hotel, so I have paid for my own hotel for 2 nights now. No other airline has delays or cancellations in the country either, other airlines are going to the same places that I am and are still going."
"Verified Review | Fayetteville to Stuttgart via Atlanta. I have used Delta Air Lines on countless occasion, flying over 100,000 miles on military orders easy. This may be the last time. Don't get me wrong, it takes a lot to make me care enough to write a review. The service from the flight attendants is typically very attentive and they do what they can to accommodate you. The entertainment has a wide selection of movies, music etc. (when the screens are actually operational) and the seats are not unbearable. My issue is with the airlines lack of accommodation when they have a failure to notify the individual that their flight was cancelled and lack of ability to rebook a flight that is equivalent to the one that was paid for. By missing my flight and not being able to reach the deadlines that are required makes me look unprofessional and weighs heavy on my position. This flight definitely put a bad taste in my mouth in regards to Delta Air Lines, unfortunately there was not any attempt to reconcile the issue."
"Verified Review | My wife and I flew Delta Air Lines from HNL to NRT. We booked on Expedia and a day before the flight we got an email reminder showing our seats, etc. We had booked our seats so we were sitting together. Unfortunately, when we got to the airport, we found ourselves sitting in middle seats in different rows. I explained that my wife was pregnant with morning sickness and it would be great if they could at least switch her to a seat in the aisle. But both the girl at check-in and the guy at the gate said they had no seats for us to change to and that we couldn't upgrade. \"Fine,\" I thought, \"sucks for us, but if they have a full plane then there's nothing they can do about it.\" The really upsetting thing is that after boarding we saw that there were many seats open just a few rows in front and behind us. Luckily there was a couple sitting next to us that had been similarly split up and we ended up switching with them so we could both sit with our spouses. I don't know what the deal with Delta seat selection is, but given that they couldn't even accommodate my pregnant wife when there were so many empty seats made this our last Delta flight ever. P.S. I found crumbs on my tray table from the previous flight. Also, the touch screen for my entertainment was broken (It responded to about 1 out of every 10 times I touched it)."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Calgary via Minneapolis. Three of the four flights were inordinately delayed, not because of weather which I would have understood given the season, but because of mechanical problems. The departure time from Milwaukee was constantly pushed back -- to an extent that we missed the connecting flight at Minneapolis. I was assured when the first delay was announced that we would make the connection with the new timing. This happened a second time. We were willing to cancel our tickets and take flights on alternative airlines. But the gate agents were not able to be honest about the actual departure time -- in fact, they said they were only the messengers of the news. In the event, we lost the entire day travelling and reached our destination so late that we had to arrange for alternative transportation because we had missed our previously booked non-refundable transfers -- not to mention the holiday activities we had planned that afternoon and evening. It started our holiday on a very bad note. On the return, early morning flight was delayed for mechanical reasons. However we reached Minneapolis in time to connect. But the connecting flight after travelling down the runaway, gathering speed, suddenly braked and returned to the gate - mechanical problems. An alternative plane was arranged and we reached home several hours later. The ground manager asked us to rate them high for having arranged a replacement plane -- what gall! When you have 3 out of 4 flights on the same type of aircraft of the same airline experience mechanical problems, we have to be very concerned about the maintenance standards and competencies at Delta Airlines. Unfortunately, on many routes we have to put up with this airline as there are no alternatives."
"Verified Review | Seoul Incheon to San Francisco via Seattle. I used to be a Medallion member. But, moved to the west coast and due to lack of direct flights to some cities from OAK, I have not flew Delta in recent years. I flew from ICN to SFO today after two flights with Asian airlines. What a difference. Delta's seat were so hard, I thought I was setting on the granite. Cold, old and hard! Food was awful. Service, I can't understand why people pay their money to fly Delta. They were serving food and drinks as we were in a soup kitchen. Throwing everything on the table and \"we are out of everything\". Was really bad. Even Chinese airlines are better than Delta."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Guangzhou via Detroit and Beijing, returning from Beijing via Detroit. Departing flight was fine, Delta spend a few more bucks for better food, refreshments, and bottled water was generously given out. This made a 13 hour flight more pleasant. The downside was the arrival at Guangzhou on a China Southern Airlines domestic flight, had to depart plane only to get herded into a stand up bus, then to door to get luggage. It was hot, and after a 26 hour flight time makes one grumpy. Return was fair, food was fair. Real downside was a delayed departure from Beijing to Detroit and then boarding the plane in Detroit to Minneapolis to be treated rudely by attendant for being late after I practically ran from getting my luggage to go through customs then to the boarding gate. The late departure was Delta's fault, faulty equipment. Several times I have witnessed passengers treated this way going to Minneapolis on the night flight."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to San Diego via Salt Lake City. The worst part of my trip was Delta. Only 2 staff working at the check in counter. There was a huge line of about 45 minutes. We were afraid of missing our plane. The machines they had for the check in procedure were not working. When my turn arrived, I asked for help. The guy told me to go to a different desk to get assistance. When I got there the lady told me I had to wait in another line or if not I could call a number. I dialed the number but they had me 10 minutes waiting. This is not the first time I had problems with them. I do not want to fly with them anymore. Enough is enough."
"Verified Review | Seats were terrible for first class. It is ridiculous that Delta has sardine canned in people in first class, this is coach, not first. We are in seat 1C/D, and there is no legroom whatsoever, I just walked back to coach, and the first seats in coach have more leg room than our seats. Our seats recline the same as coach or less, maybe 2 inches at that. This is not worth the money, better to sit in emergency row exit in Coach. We had to wait for about 20 people who said they needed \"more time\" to board the plane before they called first class, and most of the people who lined up to get on the plane first looked absolutely fine to us. This is so ridiculous. For the money we paid they should allow us at least to get on the plane first ."
"Verified Review | I booked my flight home for the holidays from Los Angeles to Pittsburgh via New York JFK in March 2016 with my girlfriend. I specifically avoided exit and back rows because it's a 6+hour flight and I want to recline my seat. Delta changed my flight 5 times and changed our seats. I was fine with the seat change because we were next to each other until I show up and realize it's on the back row. Completely uncomfortable. I will avoid flying Delta again."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Portland. I have never experienced such a nightmare travel experience. Of the 4 flights we took, including connecting flights, every single plane was delayed or changed last minute - not even related to weather. I spent more hours in airports and on phones and in lines with Delta customer service over this 10 day vacation than I ever care to again. And the compensation for the first leg of the flight was minimal and wasn't even offered until after several hours on the phone and we had to make the request. Delta was the only airline with lines longer than space available for lines on both legs of the trip, so clearly it's a consistent and internal issue. Unapologetic customer service, late to connecting flights, missing entire days of a vacation stuck in airports. Not where I'd like to spend my money ever again."
"Verified Review | Worst experience to date with an airline. Sat on the tarmack because of a scheduling issue. An hour after landing, we are still sitting here because another flight is at our gate. After 2 connecting flights the last thing I want to do is sit here and listen to the captain come up with excuses. I will never fly Delta again."
"Verified Review | We booked our trip from Dallas to New York La Guardia in the spring. We received confirmation immediately. We received a notice for change of flight in October, with the same confirmation number. 2 days before our December 17th flight, received instructions to choose our seats. When my husband attempted to choose our seats and check in, he was told that my seat was on standby. I immediately began to panic. He called the airline to correct the obvious mistake, only to be told that we needed to upgrade to premium seats that cost an added $60. We had no other choice since our original seats had been given away. As we were about to board, the attendant said that our seats were not premium. We ended up in economy as originally assigned, plus we were out an additional $60. We were economy on the way home also. This experience was stressful. I cried, not knowing multiple times if we were going to actually have a seat that had been guaranteed months before! I will not fly this airline again since they were unapologetic and offered nothing to compensate our stress or the extra money that we paid to guarantee a seat."
"Verified Review | Dane County to Louisville via Detroit. I volunteered to take a later flight because they overbooked my original flight. The gate agents offered a $400 travel voucher to people willing to fly on a later flight. I volunteered and the gate agent told me he booked me on a later flight that day. My original flight ends up being about 1.5 hours delayed and at the end of boarding for the earlier flight the gate agents called my name up to the counter. At this point, the earlier flight is taxiing away from the gate and when I get up to the counter the gate agents have no idea why I'm up there. They had literally just called me to the counter and then didn't know why I was up there. Of course this concerned me so I wanted to verify my flight details for later that day. The gate agents had no idea what I was talking about. They had not booked me on that later flight. I had them book me at that point and verified with them I would still get the travel voucher. The gate agents assured me I wold still get the voucher. Of course, a couple weeks go by and nothing shows up in my Delta account so I submit a request. I finally get a call almost 2 months later from someone at Delta headquarters. She let's me know that, \"there were empty seats on the earlier flight and there was no way the gate agents would have offered me a voucher. Since I didn't get booked on the later flight until after the earlier flight, there was no way my story was true.\" This entire experience was ridiculous and I will never volunteer to change flights ever again and any chance I can use United instead of Delta, I will. Everyone I talked to was nice, but almost patronizing, like there was no way my story was true. This was a very frustrating experience that has been time consuming."
"Verified Review | I was taking what was to be a simple flight from Phildelphia to Chicago with a quick stopover in Detroit. When I landed in Detroit (before 8am), I saw that the flight had been delayed by an hour. This was not a bad thing, given that my original flight would have been boarding by the time I landed and I needed to get from an A gate to a B gate. That flight landed, deplaned, some crew arrived and got on board, and we are waiting, and waiting. They told us we were waiting for a First Officer, they had no idea where he was but hadn't shown up. So while we waited, the crew for our flight timed out. So, they send us a few gates down, where we waited for a flight that was coming in from Minneapolis. This was delayed, then delayed some more, then mechanical issues, then for two hours they told us the plane had pulled away from the gate, but hadn't taken off yet. From what I can tell, the plane never did, and I am not convinced there even was a plane coming. So, at around 3 something, they move us yet again from a B gate, back over to an A gate. Here, the gate agent told me there was a 5:40 flight, but that this flight was scheduled to take off at 5:25, so I should stick with that. All things were looking good (9 hours later) to get this 5:25 flight out. Plane lands on time, plane deboards, some crew get on board, and we are all eagerly anticipating geting on and getting home. Then they start delaying us in 10 minute incriments. Now, while it seemed like some sort of sick joke, the announcement comes across that once again they cannot find a pilot or the first officer. So we waited, and waited, and waited. The horrible realization was creeping up that time was of the essence and I likely was not going to get home that day for no good reason. There was one final flight out that night at 8:30. I went to customer service, where she was anything of customer friendly, but I finally got one of the last two seats available on that flight. She told me I had been switched to the 5:40 flight and missed it, which I had never been told happened and had been given a boarding pass and seat assignment for the flight I was standing waiting on. She accusingly said, \"Well here you go Stephanie, if that's even your name\" as she handed me my boarding pass for the 8:30 flight. Not the slightest bit of an apology as I had been stuck there at this point for 11 hours at nobodys fault but Delta. My time is more valuable then a box of snacks and sack of food from Wendys that were tried to buy me off or passify me. I eat organic, gluten free foods, so that wasn't helping my missed work or hunger. Of course no vouchers were offered, as Delta doesn't offer that, nor was any comfort provided in the Sky Club as I was told that was a different branch. All in all we took off a bit after 9pm after being stuck in Detroit for 13 hours. Some may try to say this was a case of winter weather. That is a lie. This was poor planning, negligence, poor service, and a cheap airline that has no consideration for it's customers well being. I travel 60% of the time for work and for the most part am the decision maker on my travel. For the last year and a half I have purposely stopped flying Delta because of too many flight delays, cancellations, and the worst customer service."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Amsterdam. At the check-in, I was not assigned a seat and I was not given a boarding pass for my second flight with the same airline! I was told that that the seat will be assigned at the gate. Now I'm at the gate and I was told to wait twenty minutes to be assigned a seat and maybe the second boarding pass can be printed then. This is ridiculous! Also the ground personnel is passive aggressive. Guys, this whole thing is pretty bad."
"Orlando to Amsterdam. Our flight was delayed and rescheduled three times before we were able to leave Orlando airport. Due to the delayed flight we missed our connecting flight in New York and the earliest they could get us on next flight was 24 hours later. We now had to shell out more money for a hotel and taxi ride (unless we wanted to spend a full 24 hours in a boarding seat with 2 small children). Upon arrival we learned they did not even update our luggage for the revised booking and I had to keep following up to ensure they made the updates. I could go on and on about the worst flight experience of my life but in summary, Delta does not care about their passengers. I've been flying domestically and internationally with many carriers in my lifetime and have had my share of ups and downs, but Delta wins the award for the worst in my book."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Ft Lauderdale via Atlanta. We have never flown Delta before, but decided to try them because they are an Alaska Airlines partner. Check in at SFO went well. The First Class cabin flight attendant was surly and not what I've experienced on other airlines in First Class. She was rude and unhelpful. Also on a flight over two hours they're supposed to serve you a meal - they never served us a meal. On our return flight I read that in First you have two free checked bags and the third bag is $25. I'm still looking on their site as they were trying to charge me $150. The website is poorly done and very confusing. I went to Delta checked bags under Delta Airlines and I'm still trying to find it. The customer service was rude and unhelpful when I asked for a supervisor to come and assist. When I explained that his website was not very good at telling me what the baggage fee was he walked away. We were on a full fare First Class ticket and I have never encountered more rude people than I did on these two flights. We will fly United to Florida on our next trip and it would take a lot for us to ever consider using Delta again."
"Verified Review | Monroe, LA to Orlando, FL via Atlanta, GA. Although my flight was booked 3 months in advance with a 1 hour layover in Atlanta, Delta changed the itinerary to leave me with a 4 hour layover and a significantly delayed arrival at my final destination. On the return trip home, I was on time, but their plane was not. By the time I arrived (once again in Atlanta) there were only seven minutes to catch a connecting flight. I sprinted through the airport to arrive 3 minutes short. The answer from the sarcastic Delta representative - they may be able to place me on standby for a flight leaving in a few hours, but I should probably start checking out hotels. Nice! I am disappointed with their poor logistical planning and lack of professionalism. To top matters off, my suitcase was damaged. If you want to arrive at your location when expected, try another airline! Just because I'm flying into Orlando, that doesn't mean I want a Mickey Mouse operation getting me there."
"My Delta flight was supposed to leave Las Vegas at 9:57 a.m. on 20 Nov with connection in Atlanta and arrive in Raleigh at 7:07 p.m.. Flight was delayed 3 hours, then delayed again for another 3 hours due to mechanical problems. Connection in Atlanta was missed and no other flights were available to Raleigh until 22 Nov. Only solution offered by Delta was flight leaving Las Vegas at 3:45 p.m. and arriving in Greensboro at 12:45 a.m. on 21 Nov instead of flying into Raleigh. There was an earlier flight leaving Las Vegas and arriving in Greensboro but it was full. One passenger offered to give up his seat if Delta would pay for hotel accommodations that night but Delta would not pay for the hotel. My car was at the Raleigh Airport. Had to make arrangements for someone to pick me up in Greensboro at 12:45 a.m. on a Sunday night and drive 1.5 hours to Raleigh airport where my car was. Then still had to drive home in Raleigh and get up to leave for work by 6:30 a.m. No other options were offered to me by Delta. This return trip was horrible and completely unacceptable. And I upgraded my seat on the return flight for a window seat so that I could sleep but didn't get that either. I contacted customer service to try to get a refund but all they will offer is a $100 voucher toward another flight that has to be used within one year. I paid extra for my ticket, $984.00 to be exact, so that I could get back into Raleigh at a decent time and all Delta wants to give me is a $100 voucher that I will not be able to use. I tried several times to call Delta Corporate office but just get a message saying that they are unable to take my call at this time, please try again later."
"Due to fly Delta Air Lines from Minneapolis to Tampa. Repeated delays due to a mechanical issue with the incoming flight which will deliver our flight attendants. No plan B, sitting here hours later, with hours to wait remaining. No attendants on call? Ridiculous, unacceptable, annoying and incredibly frustrating."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Charleston. Most of the trip was just fine other than one terrible person at the gate. She was rude and downright inappropriate towards me and my family. I have never been treated so poorly by a supervisor! This woman needs extensive customer service training and because of her alone I am unlikely to fly Delta again. Other than that woman, the food, seats and basically everything provided by Delta was poor, but that is to be expected in economy class. The rest of the ground and flight crew were mostly cordial. My flight did land on time, and I have no other complaints"
"Verified Review | I flew from Sioux Falls to Minneapolis with connection to Newark. There was 1 hour delay at FSD due to air traffic according to the pilot and I arrived at MSP too late for my connection. Delta rescheduled me for next day flight but my trip was already ruined due to the delay. Delta stated in MSP that the delay was due to weather which was not true so that they do not have to refund me. Another Delta passenger had the same experience as me who was from a different city. They made me pay for the hotel overnight. I also cancelled the whole trip but they could not tell me even approximate of how much credit I received for cacelling rest of the trip. Delta basically lied about why there was a delay and cannot provide even basic customer service. I will avoid this airline."
"Verified Review | Reno to Cancun via Salt Lake City. Totally floored how I simply can't get Delta to get me to my destination 2 days in a row. Supposed to had arrived yesterday but they closed the door on us yesterday. Today, after being delayed and missing two rescheduled connecting flight, we are still on the tarmac 3 hours later. Looks like we will never get to Cancun where we are to have medical treatment for my wife. When a 9 hour flight takes three days and totally takes you down, you wonder whether Delta has any business being in the air at all. I would give Delta Airlines a 0 but that is not an option."
"Verified Review | Calgary to Sacramento via Salt Lake. We never actually made it to our destination. I'm actually sitting in Seattle Airport (not on our original itinerary, but I will explain) waiting for our flight back to Calgary. So, our first flight was from Calgary to Salt Lake City. Get called up to the front desk, turns out they overbooked the flight and I was the lucky overbooked passenger. So, my boyfriend and I agreed to get on a different flight to Seattle, which would get us to Sacramento an hour later than we intended (which isn't too bad). We land in Seattle and they change gates in a different terminal right before the flight. We rush over, plane is delayed an hour. Get on the plane, they inform us of an engine leak. Fix that, say we are on our way. About 40 minutes later, we all get back off the plane. To end this quickly, we are still in Seattle but now waiting for our flight to Calgary. As university students, going on short trips is something you save for. I lost not only a planned weekend (hotels etc) but an entire day at an airport we were never supposed to be at. All due to overbooking. However, I will say that all staff was sympathic and as helpful as they could be. Today was awful and so was this experience. I've heard a few horror stories of Delta, but have now experienced one."
"Verified Review | Melbourne Fl to Rochester NY via Atlanta. I came back from my cruise way early, like 9.30am and my wife and I were waiting for a 5.50pm flight. The attendant suggested we get on a standby list for an earlier flight so we did. Well we flew out early at 11.24am! Then we got to Atlanta and all went to hell. Delta offered us 1 seat (split us up) on the next early flight not 2 (1 for each of us) so we asked if there was any other way and they said nope, nothing we can do. I asked about our checked bags and was told they would stay here until we depart at 9.20pm, 8.5 hours after landing. At 5pm I got an alert that my luggage was at my final destination while I was still in Atlanta. So after going round and round with this screw up on Delta's end, I'm about to get on the 9.20pm flight with no luggage and not even an apology from them. When I asked about an upgrade they said they can't do that. Horrible customer service, I'm flying Southwest from now on."
"Jacksonville to Seattle via Atlanta with Delta. I flew during the worldwide system failure. It was a horrible day. Because of this failure I missed work, so I missed a paycheck and I eventually bought an Alaska Airlines ticket to ensure I would make it home. I get that mistakes happen but in Atlanta where my biggest delay was we were repeatedly mislead by the staff. 20 min delays turned into 2 hour delays but every 30 mins someone would tell us it was almost boarding time. At least be honest about the situation. Then when the crowd would get understandably frustrated one fellow reminded us all that is was a \"long day for them\" and \"they were all tired too\" - excuse me? You are getting paid right now to do you job. I am losing money by the minute while you are just a half hour away from your house. Just horrible customer service. I got 2 vouchers for $200 each was great. Fortunately these vouchers will allow me to attend my friend's wedding in Jamaica. However, I come to find out after weeks of planning that I can't apply both vouchers for one trip. That's a huge let down as suddenly a ticket I thought would cost me $200 will now cost me $400. I call customer service thinking this will all get cleared up. Wrong. They inform me that they can only apply both vouchers if they honor a new ticket fee of $800 - so what good is the extra $200 off if you then raise the prices? I tried to explain to the rep that this didn't make sense and she informed me their was nothing she could do, told that's just the way it is. Horrible service at every turn. Do everything you can to avoid."
"Verified Review | Charlotte, NC to Spokane, WA via Minneapolis. I rarely fly Delta. Out of the four times I've flown Delta two of those have resulted in \"maintenance issues\" resulting in delays over two hours. Currently as I write this review I am sitting on my plane because of a \"maintenance issue.\" We have been sitting here over an hour in the plane and even the pilot says no one has told him the status yet. The last time I flew Delta before today my early flight from Las Vegas to Spokane, WA was delayed twelve hours because of another \"maintenance issue.\" Needless to say, I'm avoiding Delta like a plague now."
"Verified Review | Charleston SC to Chicago IL. Maintenance issue we were told was fixed wasn't fixed. Had us board the plane anyway. Sat without updates for an hour then ended up unboarding the plane. We were told there was a flight shortly after out, but then updated that if we checked a bag they couldn't get out bags on soon enough to take it. Tried calling customer service and was \"helped\" by a rude woman. Took to tweeting and stopped getting responses. Called Amex to see if they could help and were really nice but they got put on a 30 min hold with Delta. Stood at the help desk at the airport the whole time and finally got helped and moved to the next flight out. Going to miss a funeral due to the delays and inefficiencies."
"Verified Review | Paris CDG to Minneapolis with Delta. Ok flight that was not full so ended up with free seats beside me. The exterior of the aircraft was seriously tatty - paint peeling and patches. Looked like something from a back street used car lot. The inside had the newer seat but the pitch and width is very poor. The seats are well equipped but some of the power outlets were not working. Overall not as good as the competition. The cabin crew was well intentioned but the uniforms were a bit like the outside of the plane. Food and wine was very poor especially as this came from France. Not an airline I would go out of my way to choose."
"Pensacola to Atlanta via Pittsburgh. I fly frequently and usually Delta. My husband and I now have to pay for being able to sit together. We now pay for bags, aisle seats, more leg room. This is ridiculous. We reserve and pay for our seats in advance but now at each connection we have to be assigned seats - makes no sense and I bet most folks don't even realize they are paying for this so called service. Shame on you Delta."
"Verified Review | Awful flight! Our first plane had a fuel pump failure, we were stuck 3.5h on tarmac going from Atlanta to Munich. Eventually we were let out, and headed to the next plane. On the next plane we had to wait for 1:45min because it needed to be refueled, and the refueling people forgot to close the cap on the gas tank - so that took time to be resolved. I must say the crew did an excellent job dealing with all the issues. But I am very disappointed with Delta Air Lines. ATL is a major Delta hub, so how they don't have an extra plane in case of an emergency?! Also the fact that we were kept 3.5 hours on termac was awful! It is inhuman to keep people on the plane while trying to fix it. The fumes that eventually leaked from flooded engine were suffocating us, all while we were told to hang on tight and wait until they figure out if the pump works. I know I do not spend time in my car while mechanic is working on it, so why the passengers had to stay on the plane while having mechanical issues. By far this was my worst experience flying, and I travel a lot. Overall I am greatly disappointed with how Delta handles its business when planes are facing mechanical issues. I don't blame the crew - I blame Delta."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Phoenix with Delta. I checked in with the seat I had chosen online, however, when going past the ticketing agent to board the plane, she handed me a new seat assignment. This was a middle seat 12 rows back from my chosen seat. If somebody had needed my seat to be close to family would have been happy to switch, however was very unimpressed that they had not bothered to ask or tell me ahead of time. Luckily I was traveling alone this flight. Will definitely consider other airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | We were to fly out of Omaha to Los Cabos via Atlanta with Delta. We got to airport at 3:30 a.m. only to find out our flight said it was delayed until 10:00 a.m. Called 1-800 number right away, was on hold for 25 minutes. We asked if they could rebook us on another flight that morning. After looking things over our flight was actually showing decommissioned and no other flights scheduled to replace. They tried to see if any other flights available and then asked if anyone was at the Delta counter and told me to talk to them. I hung up and went to Delta counter and basically they couldn't explain to me why this happened but stated they could see if there were any other fights available. They kept asking me if there were still 4 of us flying, I said yes this is our family vacation so all 4 of us were going to Mexico. There were no flights available but they could possibly get 3 of us out that day and the other person out the next day. I told her that would not work, so the only other other option was to leave the next day. I politely said I knew this wasn't their fault but wanted to know why Delta would cancel the flight without making other accommodations for the passengers whose flight schedules were now messed up. I was handed a Delta card with the 1-800 number and told me to call them. I indicated I already did. This was a huge ordeal as I felt Delta was of no help for something they created. Long story short, in order to fly out that day I had to purchase additional tickets with American Airlines. I went back to the Delta counter spoke and said I was able to get tickets with American and wanted to cancel the ones just booked. She said that was fine but that would also cancel our return flight. I indicated that was unfair as the flight going to was the only one affected, but was told this wasn't how it worked. I had to call the 800 # with my travel agent and tell the story again to find out if I purchased the tickets with American if I could keep my return tickets with Delta. She said yes I should since this was Delta's fault, she told me to go to the Delta counter and let them know. I told her they were not helpful and basically told me no. She placed me on hold came back and stated she got a hold of Delta and all was confirmed, return flight was still valid and cancelled only tickets going out. My travel agent is trying to get those tickets refunded from Delta since I basically had to pay twice for tickets to Mexico. Ridiculous - shame on Delta."
"Atlanta to Key West with Delta. Customer service is horrible and Delta made no attempt to even consider helping. They offer \"help\" via chat and the hold time to speak to anyone in reservations is \"more than 2 hours\". Is it 2 hours, 5 hours? I'll never know. It feels deliberate that they make it so difficult to let customers share any complaints. 11 hour flight delay for foul weather conditions that don't exist and they don't even offer a hotel voucher when they can't provide the service that was paid for. I come from the service industry and I know what it entails and what good service is. I will never give another penny to this awful company."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Incheon with Delta. I paid to upgrade to economy plus. I had seat 19B (an aisle seat). I am a good size guy and fit in my seat with room to spare, but the guy who Delta sat in 19A was twice as wide as me and took up half my seat. The plane was overbooked, so no changing seats. The seat divider could not come down because his leg was in the way. It was an 11 hour flight having to cuddle with a guy in the seat next to me. My suggestion is if passengers look big have a trial seat to have them sit in. If the don't fit make them buys 2 tickets. This was not a good flight."
"Flew from Anchorage to San Francisco via Seattle. I am becoming increasingly disappointed with Delta Air Lines, and the travel process in general. 1) Customers should be asked for their height and weight/whether they will physically observe more than one seat, upon purchasing a ticket. As an American female of average or under average height/weight, each time I am seated next to a large person it frustrates me that I am increasingly limited into an already insufficient space. I try my best to be tolerant but it frustrates me that I am paying the same amount of money to have someone's body mass spill over and occupy a portion of my seat. It's uncomfortable for me and embarrassing for them. Either make them buy two regular seats or one first class seat. 2) I understand the temperature of the plane has a purpose, but when I am still too cold/uncomfortable when wearing two sweatshirts, a jacket, jeans and a blanket, you need to turn the heat up a little. 3) Stop overbooking your flights. People aren't paying to get bumped out of their seats. 4) My flight today was delayed 4 hours and I am missing one of the events that I specifically purchased this ticket for. I was also told there was no way to get on an earlier flight. This is ridiculous. In all my years of flying, I have never had such an issue on any other airline. Your CEO states that Delta strives for \"unparalleled quality\" (or something to that effect). My experience has been far from it."
"Verified Review | Awful customer service at check in. First time flying with my infant (in lap) son, with my mom, and was told we were seated together. Wasn't until actual check in we found out we weren't and when asked to change it, was told there was nothing they could do for us. Had to call Delta three times to finally receive email confirmation of ticket purchase. Also, \"valet checked\" my sons stroller and upon arriving in Atlanta, the sun visor was missing. Tried to talk to gate agent in ATL but was told to do that in Fort Smith (my final destination). Upon arriving there, I was told I should have filed in Atlanta so they can't help me, but here's a phone number. I called it and filed a claim, only to be told Fort Smith should have done that for me and I was simply brushed off. It's been almost 3 weeks since I filed the claim and still have not heard from Delta to replace the part on my stroller."
"Our original flight got delayed so Delta put us on a flight the next day which included a 7 hour layover in Houston. The agents at IAD included a hotel room for the layover but the gate agents in Houston refused to give us the hotel room. They even refused to give us meal vouchers, which was extremely unprofessional and repugnant. Delta, the worst policy for a business is to make promises you can't keep and in this situation, you did just that. Extremely disappointed and frustrated."
"Verified Review | The new interior cabin updates seem to \"look\" nice, however, it is clear that whoever designed this has never worked on an aircraft. The lavatories walls are so narrow it would be very difficult for anyone over 190 lbs to manoeuvre freely. Not only are the lavatories almost half the size, the space has cut into the galley so that now you feel terrible standing in the way of flight attendants with no where to stand that is not inhibiting either other passengers or the attendants. The staff were warm and friendly, but they too confessed these updates were difficult for them becuase they can no longer even see when passengers request assistance or have questions from their seats. The call lights are too low on the overhead space for attendants to see and there has been zero adjustment on leg space and comfort for passengers. In addition there was no inflight entertainment on a 5 hour flight. After this terrible experience, I have now been struggling to return home to Los Angeles from my work trip to Louisville, due to Delta's system crashing, their apparent logical response to the thousands of passengers stranded is to prolong and cancel even more flights putting the issue off. At some point all these people are going to have to fly home, cancelling more flights due to overcrowded scheduling is actually making the problem worse. While I have time to afford not going back to work immediately (since I haven't been able to get home yet and this is now the third flight I've finally been able to snag a seat) there were dozens of military at ticketing with no flight options out so that they could arrive and report for duty and training. I feel for the ticketing staff, attendants and all else who work for Delta who are not responsible for this mess, as they are the ones reaping the overworked hours and disgruntled travelers."
"Verified Review | Was due to fly from Buffalo to Minneapolis. My flight was cancelled one hour before the departure time, I then sat on hold for another hour before their phone system hung up on me. I would never recomend flying Delta to anyone, but since they are a large company it seems there is no other option. I dont understand why the customer service is so bad for such a large company. Delta wasted my time."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to San Francisco. Everyone at this airport hates Delta Air Lines right now. The couple next to me had their flight delayed for one whole day, all the hotels are overbooked, and they are forced to sleep in the airport. I understand there was a outage at Delta but they should have prepared for things like this. Everyone who has had their flight canceled or delayed should be given a full refund. At the very least, bring out some water and blankets for these families and children who had to camp out at the airport. People are missing weddings, important events, and sleep. I have work tomorrow and my flight has been delayed 5 times. My plane won't leave until 3am. A lot of people have it worse. I hear people shunning Delta and swearing to never use their services again."
"Detroit to Phoenix This was the worst airline I have ever flown. Flew out of Allentown, and it took 35 minutes just to get through check in because the staff did not know what they were doing. Flight was slightly delayed and arrived in Detroit. Connecting flight from Detroit to Phoenix was delayed an hour and thirty minutes. Arrived in Arizona 2.5 hours past when I was supposed to land. They did not put my bag on my flight even though they had the hour and thirty minute delay to transfer it. Extremely unhappy with this airline. Never again."
"Verified Review | Boston to Daytona Beach via Atlanta. My son and I along with hundreds of other passengers were left stranded on a tarmac with the captain and crew absolutely clueless as to what to do. There was no place to park the plane they said. I pointed out several open terminals out the window and even suggested a manual exit like you see done every day. Instead, Delta left us on the plane like cattle for hours. Shame on you delta."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Minneapolis. I am actually mad at myself that I have Delta another chance. This airline have frustrated me profoundly 2 times in the past. However, today I having the experience that will keep me from flying with this company ever again. Now is 8:30am during my summer in Los Angeles, no weather issues whatsoever and I have been waiting for my flight since 11:30pm yesterday and still don't know when I am going to be able to get in a plane. Probably at night. Incredibly rude, disorganized and careless service because their system were down the entire night. This is not a one time thing. Delta is a horrible company and you should avoid it."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Rome with Delta. Delayed, bumped, stranded for over 24 hours. I spent over 4 hours on the phone with many agents. Every agent had a different story. Agents in the airport were over worked and unable to assist the large amount of stranded passengers who were all extremely unhappy. Absolutely no assistance was offered. No suggestions as to what do or where to go. I am shocked to be treated this way by Delta."
"Verified Review | Nashville to Charleston via Atlanta. This was my second negative experience with Delta within 4 months on two separate business trips. Last time I experienced a 6 plus hour delay and they kept reassuring us \"it would only be a little while longer\" then they cancelled the flight altogether. No offers were made at all to make any passenger feel better about their service, just a rebooking. Today travel was going smoother, I had a two hour planned delay and I asked a Delta rep if they could put me on a near empty flight that had seating available and left an hour earlier. I didn't even have a checked bag. I was treated rudely by Delta staff and told it was a $50 up charge even though I had no baggage and I explained my previous poor experience. You would think they would want to help a little at no cost to them. The Delta staff didn't care and didn't even offer to attempt to ask anyone what could be done. I'm not a rude passenger, just hoping they would help me out to have a better experience this time. I own a small business and I think it's a shame when a company becomes so large that common sense and courtesy to customers cannot prevail. I would be appalled if my employee treated my customer this way. I will be interested to see if Delta cares enough to contact me, if not, there are other airlines I can use for my business travel for me, my employees and my family. It's disappointing because as a loyal customer for years, I remember when Delta actually cared about their customers' experiences."
"Verified Review | I am a Delta Diamond Million Miler, and flew from Frankfurt to New York JFK. I realize Delta has some senior crews but the Business Class cabin crew on DL400/28Jul was beyond senior. I overhead a conversation with one stating she had been flying for 44 years, the other responded that she had \"over 50\" years on the job. Cabin service was atrocious - rude, uncaring, thrown at passengers with an angry glare and snatched away. When the purser was asked about a menu item she responded with, \"how would I know? I haven't looked.\" Beverage refills were non-existent - even when I asked for another glass of water the attendant working my side neither acknowledged my request nor made any effort to fulfill it. A frustrated passenger finally asked the 50+ year attendant if she could hear him as she kept ignoring him and she responded loudly, saying just because she's German doesn't mean she doesn't speak English. There was no warmth or welcoming feeling on board - more of a challenging, \"us versus them\" sensation. Food was good, flight was on time - but staff service unacceptable."
"Delayed Delta flight from Las Vegas to JFK New York which resulted in a missed connecting flight to UK, the outcome a 28 hour delay. Extremely poor customer service from Delta staff. Offered no information or support told to find a hotel. Asked for manager twice told they were unavailable, had no wifi to call a hotel and staff would not assist. Given a red blanket and instructed to wait for next flight 24 hours! Spent 400£ on taxi and hotel missed day at work. To top it off my luggage is now in New York not UK, after being assured it would be on correct flight. Understand flight delays, however attitude of staff disgraceful, and won't use Delta again."
"Miami to Los Angeles. Started off with a late departure from Miami, headed to LA. Flight information indicated an LA arrival of 10:20 pm, versus the originally booked ETA of 9:50 pm. No big deal. But, the way they staff handled boarding was so disorganized that we left much later than the (already delayed) ETD of 7:40 pm. It was like herding cats with many people being left with no overhead storage space. I was fortunate to have boarded with zone 2, but it was incredible how many carry bags and back packs that could easily fit under the seat in front of passengers wound up in the overhead. Thus, quite a long delay doing last second checking of bags. The pilot made up time and it was proudly announced we had landed in LA at 10:04 pm, roughly 10 minutes later than the original schedule. But, then we sat on the runway for two hours before finding a gate at the Tom Bradley International terminal. So, it appears our flight was sacrificed to avoid backing up other flights. We exited into the terminal (after midnight) to find (literally) wall-to-wall people waiting on flights. A serious mess. Then the long walk with our bags to get to a domestic terminal to pick-up our shuttle. When we were getting ready to exit the plane, the pilot came over the PA with a less than sincere, meaningless apology. This airline is horrible! The consequences for me were that I got home 3 hours later than I should have, after 1 am. But, other people on my flight had serious connection issues. Just terrible and unacceptable. I will never fly Delta again."
"Verified Review | The worst nightmare flight I've ever been on. My flight from Las Vegas to Minneapolis was delayed one hour because they overbooked it. This delay set in motion a series of missed connection that made me travel for 2 days to my final destination! I was supposed to travel from Minneapolis to Paris but we were one hour late because they took of one hour late from Las Vegas. Not only that but when I arrived at the gate in Minneapolis they closed it 20 minutes prior to departure (the cut off time is 10 minutes) and forbade us to get on board. I'm pretty sure they ovebooked that flight and gave away our seats or sold them. It was 15 of us about 3 or 4 families with children and old people but they didnt care.They treated us like animals and called security on us when we asked to talk to the person in charge. Then they told us very dryly to go to the help desk where actually nobody was actually help you. They just gave you a phone number and let you solve your own problem so I was forced to stay on the phone for over one hour to try to rebook my flight and repair their mistake. I had to spent one night in Minneapolis and the next day they flew us to Salt Lake City where I had to spend 8 hours in the airport; the flight to Europe was delayed again 3.5 hours so by the time I arrived in Europe I missed my connection again so they rebooked me on a flight to Paris from Amsterdam. That plane too left one hour later than scheduled and my final plane had another hour delay to my final destination to Bucharest. All in all I had to change 5 planes and it took me 2 days and 4 hours to get to Bucharest from Las Vegas traveling with 3 minor children and a 72 years old. This is by far the worst airline I ever had to deal with and I will never fly Delta again. They were extremely rude and unhelpful, didn't care that it was their fault; they would lie to our faces that they are aware of our delay and we were already rebooked on a different flight. I had to do everything myself and run around in 5 different airports with children and luggage."
"Boston to Raleigh Durham. Bigger issues at Delta now hurting loyal travelers. I travel frequently for work. I have been using Delta for a very long time and find it difficult to write but I am so underwhelmed these days. Several weeks in a row I have shown up to the airport and as soon as I approach the gate I find one of the following: Flight delayed for at least 4 hours : Flight Cancelled no rebooking for same day : Flight cancelled rebooking for following day. Show up following day and flight is delayed for 4 hours. Credit card got compromised either in the terminal as I waited during a delay or via inflight WiFi that I was compelled to purchase because I was delayed. Due to unreliability issues I have now decided to book my travel with other airlines."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Los Angeles. We arrived at McCarran International Airport almost two hours prior to the scheduled departure time. My party had already checked-in online so we printed our boarding passes at the self-serve kiosks, and then dropped off our checked luggage. Once that was complete, we went through TSA/airport security, where the problem arose. There were eight people on our booking, however two of the boarding passes had not printed correctly, with the barcodes only printing halfway. As such, the boarding pass was unable to be scanned, and we were told to print out new boarding passes. We ran back down to the ticketing counter, had our boarding passes reprinted by an actual employee of Delta Airlines (not at the kiosk), and went back to TSA, only to find that this new boarding pass would not scan either. Again, we had our boarding passes reprinted once more, and again, it would not scan. The TSA officer stated that the issue was that there was no “destination” stated on the new boarding passes. We then had to go back downstairs to the ticketing counter, retrieve our original boarding pass with the faulty barcode, and bring them all back up to TSA. Only then were we allowed to pass through airport security. We reached the gate 4 minutes late, and were not allowed to board, even though the cabin doors had not been closed. During this time, our friends who had successfully passed airport security had been explaining to Delta Airlines employees at the gate, however they received no help from them. The Delta employee at the gate stated that all he could do was put us on a waiting list on the next Delta Airlines flight, which was already full, and that we should contact other airlines for a new flight. What was even more frustrating is that there was a delay, and the plane did not leave the gate for a further 20 minutes! I have sent two emails to Delta, and over one month later, am still waiting for a reply - I'm not holding my breath."
"Phoenix to Atlanta via Orlando. Had I seen the horrible reviews I wouldn't have booked with them. Delta Air Lines customer service is a joke when you try to get your issue resolved. My 12am flight was delayed until 9am and it kept changing every hour for 4 hours. So I didn't get the seats I picked, I was charged extra for room and reservation cancellations etc. Then all Delta could do was apologize and give me a $75 voucher. I don't want a voucher from you, I do not plan to fly with Delta ever again!"
"Verified Review | Flew Delta Air Lines from Seattle to Atlanta. The telephone service is absolutely terrible. I tried to call reservations multiple times over the past week. I had delays of 40 min to 2+ hours. Most time I could not get through. The space under the seats in the First/Business Class cabin on the B737-900 ER has been severely reduced. I do not know about the economy section. There are 3 black boxes under the seat and a 120 V plug. This makes it impossible to store anything under the seat ahead of an aisle seat. The space has been reduced in the right to left dimension and in the top to bottom dimension. In addition, the Boeing seat struts are poorly designed so that there is little space for the aisle seat under the seat ahead & there is dead useless space. In effect the under-seat space is divided into 3 compartments for the aisle seat. The 1st photo shows from right to left: the bar by the aisle, 1st black box, metal seat strut, 2nd black box. The 2nd photo shows the AC outlets at the top and the 3rd black box next to the other seat strut."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Boston via Laguardia. Our flight was delayed twice, and we sat in the airport waiting, only to learn that the delay was due to mandatory 10 hour rest requirement for the flight crew. So they knew at least 10 hours ago the length of time the flight would be delayed, and did not post it or communicate it to passengers. They just kept announcing incremental delays with new departure times which were never going to happen, wasting everyone's time. We could have left home for our flight a couple hours later. They could do better."
"Verified Review | I flew from Baltimore to Atlanta on July 1st, and I had a connecting Delta flight to Amsterdam. I arrive in Atlanta at 1730 hours and was expected to go from Terminal A to Terminal F in 15 minutes which is impossible. Now it gets worse, no one in the Atlanta Customer service could help me they said pick up the courtesy phone and try to get another flight. The lady on the phone says they can not get me out of Atlanta until July 5th. I stayed on the phone for over an hour while she tries to find me a earlier flight. I said you are going to put me in a hotel for 2 days with no food. All I hear is I am sorry. She found a flight on July 3rd at 10:30pm. Then, they had to make another connection from Amsterdam to Kiev Ukraine final destination. I arrived at 0030 July 4th. I had a lot of family wondering where I was. They waited 12 hours for me. Maybe combining Air France, KLM and Delta is too much for 1 airline to handle. I was very disappointed with Delta."
"Again a horrible experience with Delta. After several terrible experiences that I personally had made in the past my family now got to experience the extremely poor customer service of this airline and its total disregard of its customers. My family came to visit me in CO from Europe, travelling Munich to Denver via Atlanta. After massive delay they arrived in Denver with 2 bags missing. We were assured the bags will arrive at my address the next afternoon. We had plans for that day and couldn't do anything but wait for the bag delivery. The bags finally arrived at midnight. One bag was severely damaged the other one completely destroyed. The pieces of the bag and its damaged and broken content were delivered in a plastic bag with a handwritten note that the bag was run over by a truck. We filed a claim with Delta online and received a confirmation email that they received our claim. After two weeks of no further emails from Delta we called several times to be updated on our case and how to proceed. Very poor customer service, extremely unorganized. Finally we were told that it will take 4 weeks for Delta to review the case. No apologies or anything. My family's vacation thanks to Delta wasn't the most pleasant experience. I will never fly this airline and never recommend it."
"Montego Bay to New York JFK. Delta Air Lines flight was scheduled to leave about 1pm. When that time almost arrives everyone's curious as to why we haven't started boarding yet. They then announce mechanical issues, departure pushed until 4pm. 4pm arrives and the new part has been flown in from Atlanta. Delayed again. Around 7 or so we board the plane. Waited on the plane for another hour, then the captain announced that our flight will not be leaving Jamaica that night. They failed to properly install the replacement hydraulic. So we go back inside the airport, which is now closed. No more flights leaving or entering. They put us in a hotel which took forever (shuttles included). Many hard working adults had to miss work the next day which is unacceptable."
"Verified Review | Our original flight from Heathrow was supposed to be at 9am but was delayed until 6pm, we were told it was due to an electrical storm at JFK through other passengers, Delta never said anything. We had to go through multiple terminals and screenings because of our reassigned flight. We flew to Atlanta and we were told the next flight to Los Angeles was 12 hours later, we even tried other airports and either they had no flights or did not fly there. They messed up our luggage, one made it to Atlanta and the others are still in London. We asked about hotel and meal vouchers through a Delta representative and got none, we were told that they did not do that unless it was Delta's fault because it \"wasn't their fault\" and was claiming it was air traffic control's fault. After being up for 24 hours that was not the answer we wanted to hear. We were compensated at Heathrow by Virgin Atlantic with a more than fair amount for food vouchers just for a little delay. Delta again did not do anything. When we arrived at Atlanta nothing was open and we were hungry. I will never fly Delta again."
"Flew Raleigh–Durham to Jacksonville via Atlanta. I haven't flown Delta in a while due to previous poor experiences, this confirmed why I avoid them. Each flight was delayed and on the second flight they changed planes forcing seat changes without giving anyone a heads up until we scanned in. Once the second flight was delayed we eventually switched planes and gates. Not a big deal but boarding after that was extremely unorganized and took about 45 minutes to board a small plane only 75% full. My overall experience is sending me to other carriers regardless of cost."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Providence via Atlanta with Delta. We were traveling as a family to attend our son's graduation. We booked our trip in First Class as we consider coast to coast a long haul flight, and we like our comfort. Firstly, 4/4 flights were delayed. Delays due to weather, to not having a gate ready to disembark passengers, to long lines waiting to take off, to a faulty fuel cap, to missing paperwork, to delayed arrival of connecting aircraft, etc. Second, the seats in first class are hard as rocks, as well as cramped and narrow with insufficient recline. United gets the edge on this amenity, hands down. On the 4 aircraft we flew on, only two had entertainment systems. Only one of those two worked. On the other two aircraft, you may use your own device to access their new \"Delta Studio\", which offers \"free\" entertainment. However, the only entertainment value in Delta Studio is trying, and consistently failing, to get it to function. The icing on the cake of our tedious journey was on the final leg home. Our flight from Providence to Atlanta was delayed 2 hours, then rerouted off the Eastern Seaboard to a far western track south, causing more delay, bringing us in to Atlanta about 15 minutes before the scheduled departure of our last leg home. At the arriving gate, someone told us that if we sprinted, we just might make our flight, which at that point was listed as on time. We actually managed to get to our departure gate at about 10:30, which was scheduled departure. The genesis of the problems we encountered from here on began when we optimistically assumed that the gate agent at our delayed arrival gate had notified the departing gate that their 3 missing passengers were on their way. Alas, he did not. Gate agent at departing gate tells us that he reassigned 1 of our 3 first class seats to someone else, since we \"failed\" to make our flight, and that the only option left was a standby seat left in the middle seat of economy. So, my husband's seat was reassigned during our sprint to the gate and he gets downgraded. We asked if we would receive compensation for the downgrade. We asked if at least my husband could expect premium service in his new seat assignment. We asked if we could be rebooked on the next flight. Staff replies with chapter/verse about \"procedures\". My husband crams in to his middle economy seat, my son and I up in First, when a few minutes later, captain says flight was delayed due to fuel and paperwork."
"Verified Review | I fly quite a bit so I think I have a balanced view of what a fair service is. The return ticket business class Amsterdam to Portland was about 4500 euros, which is a lot of cash. For this amount you expect a good service, tasty food, friendly staff and up to standard infotainment and comfy seats. You might feel this coming but unfortunately its none of the above. The service is the part which is most disappointing: its unfriendly, after dinner they disappear and its really up to you to get any drink or food or about 3-4 hour when they appear again to get ready for landing. There is very limited choice of movies, seats are small and don't really flat-out. This whole package might have been good value in 1980 but its really outdated. Would definitely not recommend Delta Air Lines."
"Verified Review | Flew Atlanta to Cincinnati with Delta. There was only one lady working at the desk when there was a line of over 50 people even though there were two other computers available, which delayed the flight by at least 30 minutes. By the time everyone got on board there was a weather warning so each flight was delayed. Finally once the plane had been cleared for take off our plane was number 25 in line for take off. Absolutely horrible service. If the flight staff were aware there would be a delay they shouldn't have boarded everyone an hour and 15 minutes before the plane would even take off. So disappointed."
"I booked this flight from Phoenix to Charleston with Delta and packed a carry-on so that I would be able to get off the flight and leave right away. For some reason they had me check in my carry-on, which I thought was weird considering there was plenty of space in the overhead compartments. Checking in my carry-on caused me to be late for my appointment because I had to wait 45 minutes in the baggage claim area for it. Same thing happened on the way back home too, this time I asked to bring my carry-on with me because of my last occurance. They refused to let me even check to see if there was room for it, the customer service was absolutely terrible, and to top it off there was room again in the overhead bins."
"I have never posted a complaint on any website for any reason. Until now. I am the most understanding and peaceful person I know, but I'm so upset right now that I'm posting this review right before we take off. Everything was fine until I started to board, and then right as I was about to scan my boarding pass, an employee grabs a tag and puts it on my carry on bag and says, 'all bags with wheels have to check'. I told him calmly that I don't want to check my bag because I don't have any checked bags. He forces the tag into my hand and says plane is full. So I walk down and leave my bag. I was a little upset, but despite his terrible communication and people skills, if it's full, it's full. So I board the plane and go near my seat and sure enough, there's at least three or four places where my bag would easily fit. I tell a flight attendant right away and they tell me that the checked bags have already been stored underneath, so I can't go get it. Why would he say that? And why not just ask me or talk to me instead of forcing me to do something that is not only obviously completely against my will, but also not necessary?"
"Verified Review | Scheduled departure was at 9.10am. Departed at 10.15am because of paperwork issues. Upon entry into the plane it was filthy. Potato chip crumbs on my seat, oily screen, urine all over floor/toilet in bathroom which leads me to believe the plane was never kept or cleaned before our boarding. At 11.43am we were still on the tarmac and they said that something mechanical was wrong with the plane. We then returned to the gate. It is now 1.36pm and we have reboarded the plane. We still have not left. They are saying that they still have no further information. On top of that, the crew have asked us to have sympathy for them. Delta is laughable. I don't have sympathy for the crew. I have sympathy for everyone who has been patiently keeping their cool and have missed their connecting flights and their cruises."
"Verified Review | Extremely unhappy with Delta. I had a so-so experience during a flight to Little Rock on a Delta partner a few years ago. This time around we flew into DCA. Upon departing D.C., we were delayed by inclement weather to a connection in Atlanta. Even though we selected an alternative flight upon self check-in, we received passes for the cancelled flight. Going to customer service was futile, the desk clerk literally told her supervisor she would not handle delayed flight cases. We got rebooked to a connection in Minneapolis, which Delta also cancelled. It took a further 2 hours waiting in a customer service line to get a solution. The customer service personnel proved absolutely useless, actually handing us a card to their 800 line because they were overwhelmed. The call also proved frustrating, it was only after thirty minutes of being put on hold and talking to an agent that we managed to get a connection to JFK the following morning. On other notes, Delta doesn't offer a free checked bag like many airlines. To check one bag is $25. The food on the flight to LAX was overpriced generic junk, think $12 for a wrap you could have bought for $5 at 7-11."
"I just spent 12 hours on airplanes and in airports traveling from DCA to SFO and very few of them were pleasant. It started with a delayed flight that would have caused me to miss my connecting flight. I did receive email notice, but the itinerary was not rebooked. I went to do it myself but was unsure whether or not I could make the earlier flight and so I decided to wait to resolve the issue at the airport customer service desk. Apparently that was my fatal mistake. I arrived at the airport a good hour before the earlier flight's scheduled departure and proceeded to stand in line for half an hour at the desk while 1 customer service rep was struggling to manage a growing line. By the time the other representatives who had been walking in and out of the back room finally jumped in to help, I had tried and failed to rebook myself both online and on the phone, where the estimated wait time was 34 minutes. The representative rebooked me on the remaining itinerary available which was several hours later. After security I then stood in another customer service line for nearly an hour to receive my seat assignment. This flight was also significantly delayed, and even after boarding, we then sat on the tarmac for another hour because of first \"congestion on the runway\" and then \"inclement weather\". I also was asked to check my carry on due to space limitations, and when I protested explaining that I had an interview the next morning and my suit was in my carry on and I didn't want to risk the luggage being lost, the representative literally pulled my ticket out of my shirt pocket to check my name. We were all frazzled, but this really took me aback. By an act of God, my new layover was several hours and the gate happened to be right next to our arrival gate so I made the connection despite the two hour delay (on top of the delay from my original booking). This second flight was also slightly delayed and again I was asked to check my carry on. This time I relented after the representative offered that I remove my garment bag and she would hang it in first class. This rep is the only reason I'm giving a rating above the absolute minimum. Once we arrived in SFO the cherry on top is that we were forced to sit on the tarmac for another half an hour waiting for the arrival gate to open up. I'm not trying to be petty. I'm just legitimately frustrated and exhausted. Customers pay a lot of money for these flights. They don't have to be this painful and they shouldn't be. I'll be avoiding Delta in the future when possible."
"This review is for an upcoming flight from Halifax to LAX via Boston. Since we booked the flight, Delta has changed the flight information 3 times, including cancelling 2 flights. The last straw was that after purchasing a ticket from Halifax to Boston in order to catch a flight on Delta from Boston to Los Angeles, this flight was also cancelled and we were asked to wait over 5 hours in Boston to catch a later flight. The Delta agent I talked to had no clue as to why the flight had been cancelled. Delta is the worst as far as reliable flights. The date is actually Oct 21, 2016 but the form would not allow future dates (this is about ticketing and flight cancellations in for a future flight - it can only get worse)."
"Des Moines to Keflavik via Minnapolis with Delta. We usually avoid flying Delta. Couldn't avoid it this time, and all 4 of our flights/connections were terrible. The first time leaving Des Moines they over fueled by 4000 pounds and had to bump some people. The connection to Keflavik in Minneapolis they had to bump 18 people due to too much weight (making the flight late as well.) Coming back from KEF to DSM the flight was 40 mins late. Landing in DSM we have been sitting for an hour due to \"computer issues.\""
"Verified Review | Delta Air Lines flight dreadful in every way. The all-economy-class CRJ200 should have been long retired. DL's (and other US carriers') continued use of this extremely uncomfortable relic on routes well over an hour long boggles the mind. The gate agent did not thank me in any way for being a gold elite frequent flyer in DL's program, and did not smile (the least she could do, given that there's no first class to upgrade into). My exit row seat (8D) had less legroom than regular non-exit rows on mainline aircraft. Extremely bumpy flight throughout. Bathroom at the back of the aircraft is incredibly tiny. My feet were freezing by the end of the one and a half hour long flight, because of the very cold airflow by the floor in the exit row (not sure if this was a specific issue with this particular A/C, or a problem with the CRJ200 in general). The pricing on this route does not make any sense (I paid as much for a coach one-way Detroit-Greensboro in coach as I do for roundtrip nonstops Detroit - Las Vegas in first class), lack of competition or high demand, perhaps. Take every effort you can to avoid DL on this route and the CRJ200 in general."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Louisville via Detroit with Delta. Flight was delayed for 6 hours for mechanical reasons. We were told before we left that there would be a hotel provided on several occasions. Once we arrived, we were told that there would be no hotel, but we were free to wait for the next 10 hours for our flight, but they did not know where our gate was."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to San Jose with Delta. Very disappointed and frustrated with Delta. This was the first time I have had such a bad experience flying. I was supposed to arrive home by Monday evening, but the flight was delayed by 1 hour due to mechanical failure so I would be missing my connection. I was rerouted to go home via a different airport, but that flight was also delayed by 2 hours due to weather. After standing in line for 45 minutes and spending 30 minutes on the phone, I was rescheduled for a flight out the following morning. Delta at least covered the accommodation, but I had to contact my work last minute. I thought the saga had ended when I arrived back at the airport the next morning. I was in for a surprise. I called the central help line to see if I could get my bag checked for free, since I had purchased liquid souvenirs after passing security the day before. The agent on the phone said they would maybe reimburse me, but thankfully noticed that my flight out that morning was delayed by 2 hours. She made a very deft, last minute move to rebook me for an earlier flight out through a different city and I had to run through security to make that flight. Having reached my layover city en route home a day later than expected, I thought, \"I'm finally on my way.\" However, Delta had the wrong flight information posted at the gates. I was not aware of the mixup until my name was called over the intercom for the final boarding call. I rushed to the correct gate and barely made it onto the aircraft on time. I was very very upset at this point. I had to conclude that since I had never experienced this type of delay-after-delay-after-mistakes before flying with other airlines, that it must be something to do with Delta. I would not fly Delta ever again. I am now home, 15 hours later than my original itinerary and exhausted from all the stress, uncertainty, and frustration."
"Toronto to Melbourne via Atlanta with Delta. The first leg of our journey was great. Helpful and friendly staff. The second part, however, became a nightmare of pure frustration. We had a 3 hour lay-over in Atlanta and went directly to our gate to wait. We had been told that we would get a seat assigned once there. When the boarding agents arrived at the desk, we politely asked for a seating assignment. We were brusquely told to just sit down and watch the screens. Our name would appear with the seating assignment. We sat and waited - and waited. Not sure of what was happening. We waited until the clerk was finished boarding one group and didn't seem to be too busy. We again, politely asked how this system worked and were once again rudely told to sit down. Finally, when they were calling for last minute passengers we went to the desk again. This time we refused to sit down. Eventually they found us two seats, one at the back and the other in the middle of the plane. We were the last ones on. I had just settled when the boarding clerk came rushing on board and forced me to move to another seat. By this time I was in tears. It's not as if we booked this ticket as a last minute. We had booked 6 months in advance. I cannot get over the rudeness and inefficiency of the airline personnel in Atlanta. Never again will I fly Delta."
"Los Angeles - Orlando April 21st 2016 I had bought comfort seats, but when I boarded the plane I noticed that I was given two ordinary seats which did not recline and I was also separated from my wife. I am a 6.10ft tall, 70 year old senior. Delta switched the aircraft (Boeing 757 N552NW had a diferent configuration from the plane originally assigned for this leg, with fewer comfort seats) and no one warned me. As I got in I asked for assistance from the steward in attendance. He answered he had nothing to do with that adding he would have to be better paid by Delta to deal with such matters. Delta didn't warn me of the change in the seating category and the employee treated me with disrespect. I tried talking to the cabin chief and she offered me a glass of wine to solve the situation, which I refused. I was obliged to travel in a terrible situation."
"Verified Review | La Guardia to Louisville. To my horror, I realised that my connecting flight was a codeshare with Delta. The staff were rude, and the poor management strategies were apparent from a quite empty plane that only offered cramped conditions (with no reclining options) to its passengers. To be fair, I was told that it would cost $50 extra to occupy an empty seat with the extra leg room, and chose not to pay the difference for an hour journey. It seems Delta management have missed out on $50, and confirmed their reputation, and earned a worthy review. The flight was delayed, and only about an hour late, so that was better than expected!"
"Atlanta to Paris with Delta - I have yet to travel but I have already had a poor customer service experience. I am a longtime American Express cardholder, a Delta SkyMiles customer, and a loyal Delta customer who carefully selected my seats the day I booked the trip a month and a half ago. I received a confirmation e-mail noting the seats we had selected as well. When I logged into the Delta website I learned that Delta had moved one of our seats, separating us. This is a very special trip, a 30th birthday celebration, and it is very important that we sit together. The staff treated me horribly, were unwilling to do anything to change the seats, and did not do anything to offer to help. If Delta is not able to retain me as a customer, they are at risk of losing my business."
"Horrible! I made this flight reservation from Tampa to Detroit for my father. I spoke to Delta Reps on the phone when I made his reservation. I specifically told them he needed wheelchair assistance to the gate and onto the plane and the same assistance with deboarding and getting to baggage claim. He arrived over 2 hours early for his flight. When he got to the airport there were no porters or wheelchairs at the curb to help him. When he checked in at the ticket counter the Rep told him that he only had economy seating left and a window seat at that and there was no way to get him an aisle seat and on top of that the Rep also told him they were short staffed and didn't have a wheelchair for him. He then told him \"you better head over to security because it's a long wait and if I find a wheelchair I come get you\"."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Portland with Delta. We had infant in arms. They split us up and weren't able to sit us together. We had to beg people near us to trade seats because no one wanted to sit in the middle. It was night flight and the kid was cranky. When we landed the new stroller was scratched up, dirty, and not taken care off. Couple years ago Delta had delayed flight and didn't provide us hotel since the flight was in 8 hours. We thought something changed since those couple years, but guess not."
"Verified Review | Flew Buffalo to New York City. I understand that you get what you pay for and that is exactly what happened here and every time I've flown with Delta Air Lines. I have not had one smooth flight or flight on time. First flight went out 20 minutes past departure and the return flight was almost 2 hours delayed. This is unacceptable. I could have driven with less headaches."
"I had my first introduction to Delta Air Lines for a weekend trip to San Francisco. I had 4 flights in total and every single flight was delayed. I've never had such a bad experience with an airline and don't intend on flying with this company again. It's one thing to be delayed for 15-30 minutes for traffic delays and a whole other ball game when you're sitting in the airport for multiple hours waiting for a return flight to Canada. Don't recommend Delta to anyone."
"Delta Sky Club admission policy is inconsistent. If you fly in first/business domestic in the afternoon and then fly international the very next morning, all within 24 hours, you are not entitled to use the Sky Club lounge. However, if you make the same flights all in the same day, you can use the Sky Club lounge. Now, even if the policy is inconsistent, you would hope the lounge staff could use some customer-friendly judgement and make an exception to let you in. No such luck at the DCA lounge. So much for goodwill. Sent an email to Delta customer service. We'll see if they are any better at dealing with customers. Next time I have a similar itinerary, I'll try a different airline."
"Verified Review | Flew from St Lucia - O'hare (Connecting flight in ATL). Only flew because the resort had an exclusive with them. Lost bag in ATL in the layover. They finally found it in ATL, and gave me the hours of 8:00am - 8:00pm to be delivered the following day. They would give me a call from an unknown number, but if I didn't answer, they wouldn't deliver it. Since I have a job and don't sit on my phone all day, my other option was for them to leave it at the front porch. I don't know about you, but I don't like my belongings just hanging around the front porch all day, so was I forced to take off work. I found Delta's customer service to be a joke when trying to get compensated for my lost wages. You call into one dept, with no managers, only to be told I have to put a complaint through their website. If you wish to follow up, you'll get the runaround. Once you put a complaint through their website, you'll get an email back from a general email stating, \"We don't offer reimbursement\", but thanks for paying $1500, along with the bag fees and inconvenience we caused you, but please fly again. You are unable to contact anyone via phone. Apparently, their corp center with the employees sending these emails, don't have phones. There's no phone lines to their Corp Center, so they can just hide behind general emails and deny people. 2nd time they lost my luggage. I can't understand why Delta is still even around."
"Verified Review | I would not recommend to my worst enemy. We booked return flights for a family of 6 from Leeds Bradford to Orlando, flying Delta from Atlanta to Orlando, Orlando to Boston and onward to Amsterdam in November 2015 on a single booking reference and e-ticket, and later booked actual seats. We were split up, some put on standby and some not even on the system despite checking the bookings before starting to travel. At Boston the seats we originally booked could not be given to us as they were \"blocked\" for families. what are 2 grandparents, mother, father and seven year old twins? The seats allocated to us were 2 of the original at the side of the plane, 2 in the row behind the original, the mother moved to economy after being on standby and a seven year old girl to travel by herself. At Amsterdam 4 were on the plane seated in different seats, one was on standby despite the plane being overbooked and one not even on the system"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Phoenix, and I will never fly Delta again. I traveled with my wife and child. We were not able to sit together unless we paid more money. We got to the airport and got in line to check in. We waited 10 minutes and then were told we had to have boarding passes to be in that line. We finally got them and then we're told we had to pay $100 extra dollars because our bag was a pound over. The Delta employee was rude. We heard nothing but no no no. It was as if it was a luxury for us to pay hundreds of dollars to fly. Flying to and from we had a connecting flight. Each time we were sat in the last row and had to sprint to our next flight. We barely made our connecting flight home. Because we were in the last row and our connecting flight was in a terminal farthest away from us. Delta aren't family friendly."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Minneapolis. Delta has started the policy of making you recheck in at the airport when they've had a \"plane switch.\" This means that if you check in online, you'll likely get booted from your seat, even though you checked in before others who waited until they got to the airport, and technically made it easier for Delta. I got booted from a seat that I'd booked over a month in advance for both legs of a trip from Minneapolis to Phoenix, and both times they moved me to the back of the plane (from the front/middle like I'd booked). I have both the Delta app and Tripcase, and Delta has my phone number and email on file. Despite getting to the airport over 4 hours before my flight, I received no warning about this at all until the airplane started boarding, at which point they sprung this on me, with no recourse. Meanwhile, all the people who got to the airport after me were moved up."
"This six hour leg from Minneapolis to Anchorage was the worst flight I have taken in a decade. For some unknown reason, Delta chose to put an aircraft with no power outlets and no USB connection on a 2500 mile route. The seats were hard and had limited recline. The meal service, when it finally came, was appalling. No nuts or pretzels were offered with drinks. The meal had no appetizer, no bread, the portions of the main course were tiny and unappetizing, and the dessert was some kind of nasty lemon gelatto that was half melted. The cabin crew was surly, indifferent, and hid behind the curtains in the galley for most of the flight. After several hours of no service, one water run was made before landing. And this was in First Class no less ! I cannot recommend Delta under any circumstances."
"Charleston to Los Angeles via Atlanta with Delta. Missed our connection by 10 minutes. When we deplaned in Atlanta we are told to check our connection on the board. We ran to our connecting flight and arrived 8 minutes before leaving. We are told the gate was closed and to go to the Delta counter for rebooking. The gate attendants responded as if this happens all the time. We are not young but even worse than that were the families with young children and the lack of compassion they are given. Did I mention or connection was late because we waited for someone in Charleston. Is this how Delta in Atlanta treats families and older people? Appalling."
"Verified Review | This flight was booked through Virgin but they didn't do flights from Manchester to New York, so they use Delta Air Lines. My daughter and I were sat on seats behind the seats where the exits were and it was very cold as is usual. The blankets provided were not adequate to keep out the cold even though we had a couple each. The seatbelt sign was on for a while after take off but people were walking up and down and the staff didn't say anything to them. The exit area was blocked with litter but the staff did not make any attempt clear it away. The food was not worth eating, it was cold, dry and hard. I felt as though I was flying with a second rate airline, the cabin staff didn't speak and look thoroughly miserable. Not a good experience flying with Delta."
"Montreal to Spokane via Minneapolis, and extremely displeased with my Delta experience. Landed in MN to find the connecting flight tone delayed about 45 min because there was no pilot. Ok. Not a huge inconvenience. Board the plane to find out that I have been bumped from the aisle seat I specifically selected when booking the ticket and as the flight was full, was unable to get a aisle seat. Then we sat on the plane for almost another hour when it was announced due to a fuel leak we would have to deplane and take another plane. Extremely inconvenient as the flight is already terribly uncomfortable with the small space and terrible seats. And of course there is no compensation to passengers for the inconvenience. So all-in-all, will try to avoid flying delta for future travel needs when possible."
"The flight from Indianapolis to San Diego was fine. Then I had a 6:30am flight back to Indianapolis and needed to be home that evening for work early. I missed my flight - my fault. Delta was unwilling to let me transfer my fare for a fee or give me any kind of credit and said my only option was to purchase a first class ticket for $1,200. It was very upsetting that they were not willing to work with me at all."
"Kahului to Portland, and Delta's flamboyant and fantastical lack of customer service has left me absolutely gobsmacked. Understandable that equipment changes do happen, but the fact they cannot manage to seat either my wife or I next to either our 5 or 8 year old after repeated customer service calls and subsequent ticketing agent and gate agent visits is absurd. In fact they are comfortable with not a single member of our family sitting in the same row (despite having a saved seats together when the tickets were purchased 6 months in advance thru their website) instead they have seated our children separately 5 and 6 rows behind the closest parent and stated we are welcome to ask those around us if they are willing to trade for our newly assigned middle seats for the 6 hour flight, good luck. Congratulations Delta, you have just lost this family's business for life! I'm confident based on past experiences this situation would never have been handled in this manner by Alaska Airlines."
"I flew from Atlanta to JFK on 11th July 2015. As we were about to board the plane at the door (I was travelling with my 14 year old daughter), I was told I had to check my hand luggage into the hold and it would be sent on to my final destination, which was Dublin. I tried to explain that we had packed valuables into our had luggage and other items needed to complete our journey to Dublin. At this stage the staff became quite aggressive and told me to either check the bag or go back up to the gate. Again I tried to explain about we had packed all our valuables etc into the carry ones at which stage he told me I wasn't allowed to get on the flight and to go back to the gate. I had a connecting flight to catch once arriving in JFK so I had no choice to check in the carry ones with all the things inside them. His response was he didn't care what I had in the bags and they had to be checked. I could not believe how he spoke and treated us it was appalling. I spoke to the attendant when we boarded the plane and she said there was still plenty of room and they had not instructed the gate to do this. You can imagine how I felt when we arrived at our seats and not only was the overhead bin empty but wasnt even used during our flight by any other passengers. I will never fly with them again - I have no complaints with the service or crew on the actual flight but I am the ticket agent in Atlanta and Delta's lack of response (not even an email) put me off ever flying with them again."
"The service, attitudes, quality and overall experience just gets worse and worse. On my outbound flight from MEM to LGA we were more than an hour late leaving MEM. As a result, we got into weather and air traffic issues at LGA resulting in landing at EWR for fuel. We were 2.5 hours late arriving at LGA. All you get from DL: \"sorry for the inconvenience.\" The return flight from LGA to MEM was cancelled. No reason given when I asked two different people. DL tried to put me on a flight the next day rather than rebook me the same day. I had to jump through hoops just to get out on the same day. Had to fly EWR to DTW then DTW to MEM. The flight from DTW to MEM was almost an hour late because one of the flight attendance was a no-show. Add to that the fact that the seats are terribly uncomfortable (exit row aisle) and the service is non-existent. DL is the king of excuses and \"I'm sorry.\" I do my best to avoid them."
"Delta continues to deliver sub-par service. I fly under government negotiated fares for domestic travel on a regular basis. The ticket booked was for San Diego to SLC on a Delta flight, and from SLC back to San Diego via SEATAC on a delta booked ticket on Alaska Airlines. On the way out, the flight was delayed on departure. No reason was given. On the way back, I ended up finishing early. I called Alaska to try to shift to an earlier flight. As expected, Alaska picked up in a couple of minutes. I attempted to utilize the Alaska Airlines same day ticketed change program to move to an earlier, direct flight back to San Diego, but the relationship with Delta made it so their system wouldn't process the change without cancelling my ticket and rebooking. They told me to call Delta. I called Delta, but was immediately put into the que. Rather than wait I opted to take the call back. It took them more than 30 minutes to call me back. Fail on customer service. When they did call me back, they first tried to charge me a $200 change fee on a government fare. This isn't allowed under their negotiated contract, but I had to argue with them to get them to realize this. If I hadn't known this, they would have tried to shove that down my throat. Then they told me that even without the fee, it was going to cost $200 + to change my ticket due to a difference in fare. Their excuse was that I didn't have a reservation when I had just given them a ticket number. At this point, the conversation ended due to a clear issue with them being able to do their job and me being unwilling to pay for something that would have been free had I booked my entire trip with Alaska airlines in the first place. I recommend not flying Delta Airlines if it is at all avoidable. Their customer service is abysmal and their planes are dated and poorly appointed."
"Tucson to Atlanta with Delta. Bought seats in first class, onboard the toilet was inoperable and stank! Cabin crew said they had attempted to reject the aircraft but were threatened by company management. Cabin crew then had to delay food service to allow first class passengers to use aft lavatories. Truly third world service!"
"We will never fly Delta again. We made our reservation for our trip of a lifetime a year in advance. At the time that we made the reservation, we decided to pay a little extra for \"comfort seats\". We also wanted to make sure that there were enough seats available for us to be able to be seated together, then being able to share the joy of our trip. Without notice, on our trip from Seattle to Lihue, where we changed planes, our seat assignment was changed and we were separated. We really wanted to be together inasmuch as we could then lift the arm rest between us and possibly sleep more comfortably. We also felt that as senior travelers, there might be some accommodation for our desire and need to be together. Our concerns were ignored. Now, we have learned that again, our seat assignment for the last leg of our flight home has been changed. We are particularly alarmed that not only was this done without being notified, but also, without any compensation whatsoever offered. Three separate complaints have been filed, all to no avail We have been told that all we are guaranteed is a seat and that our having chosen seats well in advance of our trip has no meaning, nor do they care whether we are senior travelers. They have refused to listen or pay heed to our concerns, and we are livid. Delta offers no such thing as customer service, period. Never again will we fly Delta Air Lines."
"Los Angeles to Las Vegas. No complaint about the flight except for no refreshments offered. However check in at Los Angeles was appalling. We had been unable to check in prior to arrival at the airport. There were no staff available to advise where to check in and had to join the Special Services queue. Had to queue for 45 mins and agent was unable to print my onward boarding card for flight from LAS to Gatwick though she printed my husband's. She said that this sometimes happened and didn't offer to try again. On reflection we decided this wasn't acceptable as we would have a short turnround time at Las Vegas but I didn't want to have to join the end of the special services queue again! Luckily managed to find a Delta employee this time who was extremely helpful and printed out the boarding card without any trouble. Very unacceptable experience altogether though especially if we had not allowed a great deal of extra time to check in. I'm sure many people must miss their flights through the queueing system at delta desks at LAX. Would not travel Delta again."
"There was a 70 minute delay from Columbus to departure. Got to Atlanta with 20 minutes to spare to catch my next flight to Liberia, CR. I tried to ask a question about my luggage to the attendant, she ignored me and the pilot, who was the last one off the plane actually was the one who helped me and said that my luggage would be automatically sent to my final destination. Got to my terminal with 5 minutes to spare, the lady at the desk smugly said the door is closed and the lady next to her could help me. I understand there will be delays due to weather, but I've missed my flight and had to deal with the same issue, being stuck at airports the last 3 times I've flown with Delta. Customer Service is poor. Flying out of Columbus, I couldn't check in using the machine, and the agent was also very condescendingly saying why didn't I use the machines or the other lines. There seems to be a reason why Delta is cheap, and will most likely avoid Delta from now on."
"New Orleans to New York with Delta Air Lines, and a delayed flight which finally took off after 4 hours only to be diverted to Harrisburg at midnight. An entire plane of passengers was then abandoned at the airport. Not a single customer service rep was available to help or advise. The worst travel experience of my life."
"Punta Cana to Minneapolis with Delta. First thing my girlfriend and I were separated which not a big deal I asked the people next to us and they were a couple and didn't want to move so I asked the attendants to ask some people for me. They asked the couple I already talked to within 10 seconds of me asking, and then just said there is no one who wanted to switch - they didn't even try. After that they told us the WiFi was free which its not. They ignored both my girlfriend and I for food and drinks through the trip. Then I tried to use the call attendant button to which I turned off after 30mins."
"Salt Lake City to New York. Plane was extremely hot and uncomfortable. On the flight to Salt Lake City they kept us on the runway for two hours and ran out of all food and beverages before they even had the chance to service half the plane. Shows very poor planning and lack of concern for customers comfort and well being."
"Hartford to Ft Lauderdale. First, the flight got delayed at DBL due to the lack of staffing to deice the plane (according to the captain). The flight scheduled for 6:25 pm left at about 8:00 pm. They try to hide behind bad weather (a light snow shower). Second, the connection flight in Atlanta was delayed too. The flight scheduled for 10:45 left at about 1:30 am the next day. They had more than sufficient time to transfer out luggage but they didn't. A real mess when boarding the passengers, the staff do not have a clue how to work. Finally, my bag never made it to Ft Lauderdale from Atlanta despite the large amount of time between connecting flight and their lack of efficiency. My bag was recovered by Delta at 11:00 am and given to a driver to deliver it to me. It is 6:30 pm and my son and I are without our much needed personal things thanks to this airline inefficiency and the people working for it."
"Delta Air Lines is by far the worst airline to fly on. After boarding our flight for Miami to Georgia and waiting for over 4 hours, it was announced that the plane would not take off. There were no apologies, no beverages offered and the customer service was anything other than available, let alone polite. Our luggage was lost and there was not one person in sight to help aid us. The lines were horrendous and most others were having the same issues/complications."
"I fly from Philadelphia to Phoenix I was waiting one hour in the airport then I have to wait one hour inside the plane just to take off. I lost my flight - it was very difficult to get help, every time I try to get help the answer that I got was that there was more people on same situation. I got no remedy, no help. I was stuck on the airport for 19 hrs - no one offers a hotel room and I did ask but no meals. It was caused by their own doing and they did not care. I will never take the risks to fly with Delta ever again."
"Vancouver to LAX was an extremely uncomfortable flight. Crew were great but from the moment the door shut temperature control in the cabin was all off. Almost immediately got way too hot to the point where it felt suffocating. Then people complained and it turned very very cold to the point where people were bundled in jackets, blankets, whatever they could find. This was in business class. Overheard a flyer in the main cabin mention it was extremely hot. Flight crew said its been an issue with the aircraft they just haven't been able to figure out yet. For a short flight (under 3 hours) it seemed way longer. Just wanted to get off the plane asap. Delta staff were great but this plane needs to be looked at. Also no in seat entertainment which made the time feel like it was dragging on more. Overall bad experience on this flight but excellent on others with Delta. If it weren't for the plane would have nothing bad to say about this airline."
"A mixed bag overall with Delta Air Lines. Seattle - Atlanta, volunteered to be bumped to a later flight for a $500 voucher and a first class upgrade. Flight turned out to be a Boeing 767 with the international business class seats - very comfy with a good cheeseburger and Sam Adams beer for lunch plus a very friendly attentive crew. AVOD had a wide selection of films but was slow to respond and developed sound problems during the second film. Mad dash through ATL from Concourse F to concourse A to catch my connecting flight. Got stuck in the middle seat in Economy Comfort to Norfolk but OK flight. Coming back there was snow in ORF so we were delayed 30 minutes for deicing. Relieved we got out at all. Atlanta - Seattle was a new 737-900. Despite being offered a free Economy Comfort upgrade outbound for some reason I would have to pay $89 for the return trip. Why? During boarding an announcement went through all overhead bin space was taken despite the fact there was clearly plenty of space in the rear third of the plane. This led to a number of understandably irate customers who were forced to check their bags. The economy class seat was cramped and very uncomfortable and the indifferent, rather surly crew (most likely ex-Northwest) didn't help matters. About the only thing free on the AVOD was live TV and the games. Fortunately we arrived on time meaning and end to a punishing experience returning home. I much prefer traveling Alaska or Southwest but this one was for business."
"Atlanta to Raleigh Durham. My mother and I were returning home from visiting my critically ill sister and had a horrible experience with Delta. My mother is elderly and physically disabled. She had a hip replacement recently and needed a seat were the arm rest would lift up. I had my medical alert service dog with me also. They booked us in a seat that would accommodate my dog but not my mother so she was moved a few seats back. I was told I either had to sit with her or she would have to move back to the seat reserved (which they did in error to begin with). The seat I was reserved had more room for my dog. However I had to move - why I do not know. My service dog (which is a large dog) was made to sit in a area where she was unable to move a muscle the whole flight. Delta should be ashamed for the way they treat the disabled. We will never fly on Delta again."
"Detroit to Amsterdam with Delta Air Lines and the staff were appalling, openly criticising customers. Some were overweight and barged up and down the aisles bashing into everyone's arms and shoulders. Delta should consider keener and more friendly staff. The food was very poor. The one highlight was the Delta staff at Amsterdam. He was tremendous in sorting out an issue we had with an ESTA visa, and we were rebooked at no charge. If all their staff were like him, they would be some company."
"My grandfather flew home from Orlando to Columbus and Delta Air Lines had promised he would be transferred from flight to flight along with his carry on. I told them repeatedly that he had dementia and they said that this was not a problem. They would make sure everything made it flight to flight. He arrived to Ohio and was greeted by aunt with no carry on! When I addressed them about the situation all I got was I'm sorry and that there was no carry on to be found! I had no issues with the flight to Florida, it was only the return flight! And no one will speak to you! It's all automated."
"I booked $1600 first class seats with Delta Air Lines 6 months prior to my trip from Minneapolis to Fort Myers. This was my wedding so I wanted to have no issues. A month prior to my trip I noticed they had put me in different seats in a less desirable location. I contacted them and they explained to me that are not guaranteed. I flew to Florida in the seats I was forced to fly in. The night before we flew out of Florida I checked my flight to see if my flight was delayed. Once again I noticed my seats had changed for a second time but this time I was pushed from first class to coach and I was not sitting next to my wife and child. This was done without notice. I called Delta and explained the situation to them and they were very rude and said we got moved and there is nothing we can do besides switching flights. I have never ran into a airline that is more unorganized or disrespectful. For the amount of money spent to flight with this company I would highly recommend flying with someone else or pay a lot less for the same service."
"Minneapolis to Cancun. Seats were comfortable but I got scammed by paying extra for Delta+. We paid nearly $200 extra for a couple more inches of leg room. On the website it shows television monitors and the free entertainment package. There were no monitors and the only way to get free entertainment is to bring your own laptop or pad. I didn't have either thinking there were monitors, so I paid nearly $200 for a couple inches of more leg room. Even worse, on our flight back home there was a couple who asked to move to the seats we paid extra for and they let them move. The attendants were extraordinary, they really made us feel comfortable. I'll say this was one of the most comfortable flights I've taken, minus paying for something I couldn't use because of false advertising."
"I hadn't flown on a plane in almost 3 years, went on vacation to Mexico from Minneapolis with Delta Air Lines. The flight down was ok, service was good but the plane was loud and old. The flight back to the US we showed up at the airport 3 hrs early so we weren't late, we had the tickets booked 4 months in advance, we get our tickets and we were seated in row 33 - not having flown a lot we didn't think much of it. We waited in the airport for 2 hours, the plane was late, no big deal. We were patient. We finally go to board the plane and found that there was no window in aisle 33 on an A320. I don't get claustrophobic but on a plane when people would line up by the bathrooms commenting about how bad of a design it was, not to mention that you had to stand in the galley to wait for the bathrooms with 3 flight attendants trying to do their job was just the worst flying experience I have experienced."
"I've always flown Delta Air Lines and they have always been the best, until the east coast storm. They waited until the last minute to cancel flights into Richmond and it was too late to rebook as for two days all other flights were full. They booked us on a flight from Atlanta to Boston and then to Richmond - they said we could go to the airport on Sunday (the day before the new flight) and said we could standby on each flight going to Richmond along with 150 other people and this meant running from each terminal and gate to be on the list. One time I might be 40 on the list, the next 15 and not get out. I called Delta (because no one at any of the counters could help) and insisted on a new flight that day and got to seats out that night! It seems that they had seats available as didn't want to give them up at the airport, poor customer service."
"This was a rebooked flight after a cancelled flight due to the blizzard in NYC from New York JFK to Atlanta via Cancun. My issue is not that it was cancelled but how it was handled. The flight should have been cancelled in advance but it was not. I and the other passengers arrived and were told the flight was on. We boarded the deboarded due to the weather. Then we boarded again, and deboarded again. It was a fiasco. By the time we got off the plane, there was no way to leave the airport. I was stuck at JFK for 2 days and am now awaiting my overnight layover in Atlanta. Enquired about a voucher for a hotel or meals but was told they don't offer for weather related cancellations. I understand that as a theory but they should have cancelled that first flight. Then I would have stayed in a bed for 3 nights instead of on a chair in an airport with no food, change of clothes or shower. This experience has lost them a customer and I fly a lot."
"Dubai to Atlanta, and Delta continues to lack customer service all around. Cleanliness of plane was not great, food was mediocre, flight attendants are not overly pleasant - rather more of a chore for them. Due to seniority the oldest attendants service the longer international flights, they really should change this model. 9 out of 10 times delta is late for me, gate agents are rude, more so in Atlanta (their hub) than other cities. Delta really needs to invest in customer service and understand the choices consumers have and where they can spend their money."
"I was in Delta Air Lines first class from Minneapolis to Edmonton this afternoon, and it was awful service. The first class steward did the very minimum that he had to do. In a 2.5 hour flight he served us a drink with our lunch and we were not offered another thing in the remaining 1.5hours. Not even a glass of water! Also, once I had finished my lunch it was at least 1/2 hour before he picked up my tray. I was just going to use the call button because I needed to use the washroom. I saw another lady in 1C take the tray up to the work area herself. Not very impressed, On the short flight from Des Moines to Minneapolis it was the opposite, in that short 45 min flight even got a refill on my juice."
"Nashville to San Antonio with Delta, sitting on aircraft right now. Seats are awful. Once again, my carry on luggage had to be checked. We boarded at 7:20 am and it's 9:5am, and still sitting. The flight is delayed because of the bad weather, reasonable. I am starving, no drink or snack available. I was told that they would conveniently book me on Delta's next connecting flight which is at 5pm. I guess I am traveling for my looks or for Delta's convenience. I was scheduled to be in San Antonio at 1pm."
"Flew Delta because we wanted a late flight out of New York to Portland instead of Alaska, our preferred airline. Although I have Gold status on Alaska, Delta doesn't recognize it for bag check waiver or other benefits. Flight left JFK after we sat on the ground 2.5 hours waiting for de-ice, got in to PDX at 3am. Seats were awful, on a brand new plane, exit row with hard sides, which made them extremely narrow and uncomfortable. FA's were ok. Terminal 2 at JFK is awful, cramped, with old and few food choices - and the one good one was priced at what seemed like 2-3 times street prices."
"I took this Delta Air Lines St Louis to Atlanta flight on 24 December 2015 to visit my family in Puerto Rico. My first stop was in Atlanta and we were supposed to land there at 8:30am. I was supposed to arrive at Puerto Rico at 2:12pm but we finished landing at 9:30pm. We were stocked in Huntsville, AL airport about 3.5inside the airplane. First because there was a thunderstorm in Atlanta, and that's totally comprehensible because it was for our safety, but then after 2 hours the airplane got a mechanical problem and when we finally were supposed to fly back to Atlanta, they kept us waiting for an additional 1.5 hours. At first they offered us water and snacks (first 30 minutes wait), but then we were there hungry, uncomfortable, without any Wi-Fi connection, and they did not offer us anything. Not a refund, not a meal, nothing. It was a very unpleasant experience and I understand that bad weather conditions is not Delta's fault, they do not have any control on it and they did everything to keep us safe that day. However, if they knew there was a mechanical problem in the airplane, I would expect at least that they change us to a different airplane or if it is a minor problem but they would keep us waiting for more time, have the consideration to offer us something in return for that wait, it could be a meal because that is a proper way to treat your clients, not keep them there in that condition inside the airplane for such a long time."
"When I have flown with Delta in the past, the comfort of the actual flight was great. The customer service, however, is a nightmare. I booked a roundtrip flight, and then had to cancel because of scheduling. I cancelled my entire flight within 30 minutes of booking it. I called Delta to confirm I had cancelled and would receive a full refund. The service agent told me everything was confirmed and I would receive a full refund because it was within 24 hours. 8 days went by and I hadn't received a refund yet. I called Delta on 3 different days and was hung up on, transferred, put on hold, and hung up again on multiple times. The third day, I finally got a hold of a real person and told her my predicament. She said \"That did not occur. That confirmation number you gave me doesn't exist. You'll have to apply for a refund through the website and then it will be up to the auditor's discretion whether or not you receive a refund.\" I said, \"But now it's been 8 days, so the auditor will refuse to refund me. I cancelled it within 24 hours - in fact, within one hour - and received confirmation that I did. Are you seriously telling me that whoever I spoke to 8 days ago was just making stuff up and now I'm just out $1200 for no reason?\" She was condescending and cruel, cutting me off. Her official response was that what I was saying never happened and there was nothing anyone could do. All I could do was apply for a refund and the rest was up to the auditor. If I had been able to reach a live person one of the other days I had called, or if the person I had spoken to that night had actually confirmed my cancellation, I would have $684.70 to pay other bills. $684.70 is way too much money for me to just lose. Delta's customer service is a joke."
"San José, Costa Rica to Los Ángeles with Delta Air Lines. Today we wait, inside the airplane for 3 hours, the delay was because, the Captain said, first for an electronic problem, and second because of the wind they had to pull out luggage for overweight. We lost the connection, and we lost one day of our vacation. Flight on Delta never again."
"Flight from Appleton delayed because of weather and arrived at 7:40pm at Detroit. Missed connecting flight that was to leave at 7:50 because they would not hold flight by 8 minutes since I had to get plane side checked baggage and transfer. Top it all off there was no more flights out that night and if I wanted to stay in a hotel they offered nothing to accommodate. Just another example of Delta's poor customer service and a lost customer for future flights."
"Expect delays. My last Delta Air Lines flight was no exception. On my flight from Greater Rochester into RDU, my flight was delayed due to weather. It took me half an hour to find a Delta rep to help me at La Guardia. Upon finally finding a rep, she was rude and unhelpful. I ended up leaving her presence in tears! I was exhausted, frustrated and stressed and all I wanted was a little assistance finding a place to stay in NYC. She just repeated \"Ain't my problem. I don't control the weather.\" Over and over. This was a manager by the way. A TSA agent felt the need to apologize on her behalf! For something also out of my control - I had to eat the hotel charge. I paid more for the 2 hours I slept at the hotel than I did for my entire flight. But per Delta, not their problem. I fly with Delta twice a month. I have one more flight with them (already booked) and then my business goes elsewhere."
"I booked from New York to Zurich return with my wife and paid Comfort Class - as Delta advertise, better seats food, unlimited drinks and great entertainment for this. The true was only that the seats are more comfortable than regular economy class. Food was the same chicken and pasta, very small portion. Glass of wine and if you are lucky to get staff's attention later you might get another. Entertainment was mostly old movies with a very small monitor. Delta advertising is misleading and it not worth paying additional money for the Comfort class."
"Delta's skymiles program is a joke. I am a silver medallion member and a skymiles representative recently told me that I had until Jan 31st to accrue MQMs and make Gold status. Just recently a different representative told me otherwise and said it ended in December. I purchased an expensive flight from ATL to DEN for Jan 29th (that would have been much cheaper through Southwest) so that I could obtain the status. Now Delta won't allow those miles to count towards my status and they wont provide a refund for my booked trip. I will be using all of my 250,000 miles for free trips and will ditch the AMEX Delta card along with Delta Airlines all together."
"We arrived at the Charlotte, NC airport around 7:45 am, giving us more than enough time to prepare and check in for our flight out at 9:45 am. To begin our day of misfortune, our flight was delayed due to weather purposes, which is understandable, till around 10:15 am. As we were flying out from Charlotte to our connecting flight in Detroit, we realized that we only had, what we thought, was a 38 minute layover to make it to our next flight out of Detroit. However, as we were leaving the terminal, we learned that the connecting flight was not delayed at all and we had approximately 3 minutes to make it to the gate before the flight began its departure. As I ran ahead and sprinted to the gate to try and save my family and I some grief, I was greeted by a Delta representative who proceeded to inform me that I was to late to get on the flight, even though I could physically see our plane sitting in the loading spot, motionless. So, my family, along with around 15 other people who experienced the same I convienemt timing and planning due to Delta, watched the flight we had payed for depart in front of us. To try to salvage this situation, the crowd of left behind passengers began to congregate to the airlines help kiosk, where we virtually on went to be told that we needed to call and contact a Delta representative about changing flights - even though there was a representative standing right in front of us. To make things even better, once we had finally jumped through enough hoops and made it onto our flight from Detroit to Las Vegas (6 hours later), we were surprised to find out that not only did any of our luggage make it to Las Vegas, but they were sent on a flight that departed 3 hours after we were scheduled to land. So, after speaking with a Delta baggage representative who realistically was no help, my family and probably 5-10 other passengers sat in the Las Vegas terminal for upwards to 3-3 1/2 hours before finally receiving our baggage. Not to mention that all of this was at the expense of us passengers, with the Delta representative claiming that \"there was nothing that they could do\". So thank you Delta airlines for your sincere and top notch service."
"Orlando to Geneva via New York JFK and Amsterdam. KLM / Air France partnering with Delta Air Lines is a joke. Delta has no respect on the travel details for international flights. If you fly Delta expect delays too. Coming to Orlando via Boston, our delay was roughly 11 hours! They only gave us biscuits and a drink. Flying back from Orlando to Amsterdam via New York JFK, I was ask to pay for a special luggage for 100$ which was included in my travel details from KLM. The funny thing is, they allow me fly with it coming to Orlando but they charge me leaving Orlando. Delta does not respect original ticket details from its partner airline."
"Portland to Orlando via Atlanta, and the worst service I have ever received from this airline. I usually fly first class, however I was flying with my 3 year old daughter and wanted to be able to lift the arm rest so we went premium economy. Supposedly, premium economy provides complimentary beverages. On a 4.5 hr flight I consumed 3 units of white wine and several club sodas. The flight attendant then informed me, and everyone within earshot that she \"did not feel comfortable serving me any more alcohol\". I have never experienced this in first class, or coach. When I called to complain about the lack of promised services and the atrociously rude behavior of the flight attendant, I received incredibly rude service and no compensation for the $50 a piece glasses of wine which is what I ended up paying. While my experiences with Delta have been good in the past, I am appalled at the way I was treated tonight and will not be flying Delta anytime soon. If you are trying to decide between first class and premium economy, realize that Delta treats their premium economy passengers worse than their coach passengers."
"Flew Delta from Green Bay via Atlanta to Salt Lake City on a skiing trip. Returned via Minneapolis. Three of the flights were delayed; the airline did send out updates to the smartphone. The worst delay was the last leg where the flight attendant did not show up for work! The pilot at the gate announced that the flight attendant's phone had been turned off and they were not able to reach the person. Finally, a substitute was found and we were able to complete our journey. Another irritating experience with this trip was that after every segment I received a survey questionnaire on my phone from Delta asking about the flight experience. Not the best time to ask - if only they would focus on consistent service and sticking to the schedule! At least our skis were delivered with us."
"Orlando to Madison via Atlanta. On my connecting flight from Orlando to Atlanta they had a particularly full flight. Thus, they offered a complimentary service to check my luggage. My luggage was then left in Atlanta. Moreover, my time in Madison is limited and I would appreciate having clean clothes and medications while I'm here."
"I vowed years ago to never fly Delta again but had no choice this holiday season as my daughter and I were returning from a cruise out of Miami. Unfortunately, Southwest did not fly into Miami and we were forced to fly Delta. On our return, we flew into Laguardia and waited to board our last flight to finally get home, when we were told there was a medical emergency on board and the plane would be late. As time went by the reason was quickly changed to bad weather so that the airline would not be responsible for any expenses they would have to pay out to their customers. Most of us were rerouted the next morning at 6:00am first bound for Atlanta, and then returning north to our final destination. I can't tell you how many passengers were left without a place to go, (they told us the terminal would be closed overnight,) and when we asked for food vouchers and water, we were all told that \"Delta no longer provides these things for their customers when flights are cancelled.\" Had they not told their usual lies, many of us could have helped ourselves before it was too late. With a whole lot of angry people demanding answers, I would have hated to be the one behind the counter. We all asked to speak to the supervisor - she was of no help whatsoever. Some of us gathered people who lived in the same areas and made the decision to rent cars and trucks to get home as most weren't going to chance being marooned in another airport. We felt that Delta had abandoned it's customers."
"Syracuse to Boston via New Year JFK. Flight from SYR to JFK was on time and uneventful. The normal 55 minutes or so. Landed minutes before noon at Gate B45 and was delighted to find that my connection to Boston was going out from Gate B44. Delighted until the gate agent at arrival said there would be a delay due to \"no pilot\". From that point onward the departure kept changing later and later. The gate agent, though polite, had no information to offer. Kept repeating \"we're waiting for an incoming flight\". We knew that already. Since I also had an onward connection to Cape Cod at Logan, I was concerned that I might miss the last flight. The delay and lack of any real information was maddening. The gate people, to their credit, brought out snacks, water and soda. Finally had a plane arrive and had a lengthy boarding process with a lot of counting and re-counting passengers. Finally arrived in Boston at 5pm. A very long day and still not home. Why can't an airline simply tell their passengers what's going on?"
"Missoula to Seattle. No seat assignment was able to be obtained at time of booking which was far in advance of our trip date. Flight was overbooked by three seats and seats weren't to be assigned until actual boarding time. They wouldn't begin boarding the flight until three passengers opted out but no departure time for a subsequent flight was ever announced. Our family was not able to sit together. The flight was one hour late arriving in Seattle and many passengers were either too late for their connecting flight or were very rushed to make their connections. No hot beverages were served. In the future we will only fly with Delta as a last resort."
"Toronto to Shanghai via Detroit with Delta Air Lines. This review covers the flight from Detroit to Shanghai. Flight left three hours late. Not sure why, but had to move a plane from Atlanta. Not one announcement in the lounge of the delay. Crew handled themselves well. Service was spotty but the worst was the food served after we left Detroit. The main course was inedible and I felt badly for the folks who had to serve it. Apparently it was a new menu and lots of complaints. Maybe the economy meal was better. Won't be flying Delta overseas again."
"I flew Detroit to Nashville on business in February 2015. The flight was overbooked and I volunteered to give up my seat and take an electronic voucher. The voucher was good for one year. Due to personal issues, I was not able to use the voucher and wanted to book a flight for my son. The customer service rep tried to help me, but he needed permission from his supervisor to override the rule and book the flight for my son. The Supervisor denied my request. I waited on the phone for 44 minutes to be told the voucher will be useless. I certainly would not have wasted my time in an airport if I had known all of the rules attached to the voucher. I was doing Delta a favor by volunteering and obviously they are able to override this rule, or the customer service rep would not have tried. I am very dissapointed in an airline that was always my first choice when traveling for work. Delta will no longer be my choice of airlines."
"The first 3 legs of the trip to Colombia and back where first class (5 stars all the way). Then ẃe get on the plane to Seattle from Bogota. An old tired 757 with no in seat entertainment. Reminder we were flying first/business class. No mention that the 5 hour flight will have no in seat entertainment. No mention that you can bring your own device, just power it up cause there are no charging outlets. Ok, try connecting to the gogo service, which is 'powered by oracle' and for those of you more in the know Oracle is not exactly a 'streaming video' company. Ok, try to connect to the video service Nothing works, for anyone around as well. IPad, windows android devices all have the same issue. Contact support. 30 minutes later (and ample battery later) nothing works and I get a voucher for free internet (which doesn't include Netflix/amazon or any known video service). Terrible experience. Especially first/business class."
"Paris CDG to Philadelphia. If you fly Delta Air Lines internationally just make sure you get an actual Delta Air Lines flight and not a KLM or Air France flight, since they ignored seat assignments made on the Delta Air Lines website. When you complain they just shrug their shoulders while Delta can't explain anything. Personally, I will never fly Delta internationally again."
"TPA to AMS. I originally booked through ATL but weather there resulted in huge delays so we were rushed on a flight to DTW. This also ruined our plan to meet up with friends on the connecting flight from ATL to AMS. they were flying in from MIA. In Detroit I received message they were rerouted through JFK to be flying on KLM. I checked my aps and saw that flight to be wide open as well as a connecting flight from DTW to JFK. So in the main lounge of Delta I asked a ticketing agent if they could reroute us through JFK. I knew that since we were already involuntary rerouters, our ticket status would allow that. The agent said he could, then asked a supervisor who only saw trouble and problems, then said: sorry no seats on the flight to JFK. I just like to make a point that ticketing agents should not lie to customers. Delta's systems are so transparent that such lies wont hold. I did not persist but when I left the lounge for my flight to Amsterdam the JFK flight was boarding and the flatscreen said it had 20 open seats and that only 89 out of 117 had checked in which meant 48 open seats. On the flight to Amsterdam I was in row 6 - food orders were taking from the back and when it was my turn, I was only offered one out 3 food choices, the rest had finished. The food was terrible. When i mentioned it to a FA, I was told to contact Delta.com. Everything about the service was rushed and done in such a way it was convenient for the FA's : we took off at 4:15 pm. we were ordered to close blinds, then the lights were shut off. Dinner was rushed. Message: get to sleep. However when it was time for breakfast: no mercy: full lights on."
"Portland to Mexico City with Delta Air Lines, and I have been waiting in the airport for 3 hours now. They keep saying that we will start boarding in 10 minutes but nothing happens. The last time I flew Delta we got delayed 10 hours and they did not give any reason why. I have had enough with the poor service and tardy arrivals."
"Upon entering the plane, another passenger was seated in my seat. My husband suggested that he was in the wrong seat. The man immediately became verbally abusive to my husband and; I and I was scared because we were traveling with my daughter and a pet. The stewardesses instead of coming to our aid, we complaining that we were holding up people boarding. One flight attendant from the back of the plane came to our aid and said I should accompany her to the back of the plane while the situation was resolved. Meanwhile the man continued to harass my husband and daughter. Once people were seated, a flight attendant came to the area and tried to get the man to show his boarding pass. He continued to refuse this request. Eventually he showed his boarding pass but refused to move. I was told I would have to sit across the aisle. He continue to harass my husband during the flight. He threw trash in the aisle in my direction. He made cell phone calls during the flight. Nothing was done or said to him. He placed empty drink cups in the aisle saying he hoped the attendants tripped on them. At the end of the flight, he refused to stand up to let my husband & daughter out of their seats. We complained at the airport but were left as unimportant and not necessary to deal with. Nothing was done to ensure our connecting flight would be more pleasant. I will never reserve again with Delta. On our way to a different terminal I was instructed by a Delta pilot to put my pet back in her carrier. I was trying to give her some water. I did as he requested, but he continued to get in my face to tell me he was \"doing me a favor\" and I should be appreciative. After my experience on the plane, the last thing I wanted was a Delta employee telling me how \"helpful\" they were."
"Never again will I fly with these jokers! My flight on the morning of December 25 was canceled 12 hours prior to departure and I was rebooked on an 6 hour longer itinerary 40 hours later. The messages they sent did not even include the word \"sorry.\" The customer \"service\" phone numbers on the email were unreachable from outside the US. When I finally found the hidden local number, the curt person at the other end informed me that they would do nothing for me: no hotel voucher or reimbursement, no upgrade, no free drink, no mile, no polite apology. I used to think that United was the worst airline on this route. I was wrong."
"Delta just cancelled our flight today from New York JFK to Seattle, some 5 hours prior. They claim due to bad weather in other cities that have put their pilots over their time limit. Does Delta management have any clue in how to account for bad weather? Delta says they are not responsible for weather, but the bad weather is nor in our departure nor destination city. Delta says that our loss in hotel and prepaid activities are, in short, tough luck. Here is a platinum member that will be rethinking loyalty for 2016."
"Mechanical issues out of BHM on A320, but we were updated every few mins by cabin crew-which eased the tension as I only had a 42 minute connection in ATL. Just about made the connection. Overall not bad on the eastbound legs. Food outstanding out of ATL. Good service, a little stand off-ish, but generally good. Arrived LHR 40 mins early. No Line at fast track and bags already on carousel so overall a good experience. LHR-BHM wasn't quite so smooth. Food terrible & this is not an understatement. I had baked cod that was described as crispy, but in fact was chewy and slightly rancid, so I didn't eat it. As I usually find eating in a plane more of a diversion than anything else I was happy to pass on the food. My son chose basil tortellini but bizarrely came in a cream green curry sauce. Not sure what the were thinking when they came up with this menu. Not nearly as good as Eastboud USA origination. My wife had the oxtail that she said was really nice, so I guess my son and I just made poor choices. Service (apart from 1 FA) could only be described as frosty. Landed ATL 20 mins early. Security a breeze. Now the fun begins. I picked up a text from DL to inform me connection was delayed by 45 mins, no big deal here, but as it was last flight out on Xmas eve and seeing the lines for rebooking I was starting to get a bad feeling. Then the flight delayed another hour. The heart starts to pound a little more, then 15 mins before boarding and it gets cancelled. Was then given 2 options 9.55pm on Xmas day or 6.10, but couldn't accommodate all 3 of us so we would have to choose who was in which flight. Really! Delta sucks when it comes to these type of occurrences. Yes, the delay was weather related and was mostly out of their control, but to have no reasonable back up plan is poor. They had already cancelled one of the earlier ATL-BHM flights, so surely could have anticipated this a little better. In the end I managed to get a car from Avis and drive myself, so all was not lost. If I had taken Delta's option I'd no doubt be feeling a little like Tom Hanks in the 'traveller'! To be fair to Delta they did offer a hotel for the night. I think I'm more frustrated that it was Xmas, than anything else."
"So our flight hasn't even taken off yet. And already there is an issue. We had upgraded to Delta comfort on our flight from New York JFK to Amsterdam, a long international flight. The biggest reason for this is there were only 2 seats in the row which was perfect for my fiancé and I. However, upon checking in - we find our row now has 3 seats - and I'm at the window. And she is in the aisle. With someone in between us. We called Delta and they apologized, but could do nothing about it. It's our first big international trip and either we are apart from each other the whole flight or someone is getting stuck in the middle. Neither of which is very appealing. We normally only fly American. I guess we should have stuck with what we know instead of taking a chance on Delta."
"Our flight was repeatedly moved from gate to gate for 6 hours and then canceled without letting anyone know. They were too cowardly to announce that our flight was canceled overhead and just ignored the passengers till we figured it out. This all happened on Christmas eve! Hundreds of Delta passengers were stranded in an airport on Xmas eve and they gave us no answers and no apologies or vouchers were offered. The staff was incredibly callous and unsympathetic. They had 1 customer service rep to help over a hundred people in line. The situation was handled so badly. I've never been treated so poorly by an airline. I will never fly Delta again."
"They boarded us on the plane, knowing that there was a mechanical issue on the flight, and made us wait an hour and a half, without updating us very frequently. At the end, they ended up de-planing us, made us walk back through customs and immigration, and then had a large line-up to re-book flights. When they booked us on a flight, they ended up delaying that flight without telling us, and then they tried to put us on another airline very last minute, made us walk all the way to the other end of the airport where the counter told us that flight had already left. So we had to come all the way back and they are trying to rebook us from scratch. Wasted an entire day at the airport and there are still no definitive answers. The service was friendly though."
"Seattle to Amsterdam, a 10 hour flight and my wife and I are not even sitting next to each other on Christmas Eve. Unacceptable Delta does not honor preferred seat request even if tickets are bought 4 months in advance. Very poor customer service. People at the desk are nice just doing there jobs. I will never fly with Delta again even if the long haul flight was free. Watch out for operated by. Sorry KLM and Air France, you guys lost my money as well."
"We a family of four flew Delta Air Lines from La Guardia, NYC to Fort Myers, Florida. Severe delay in flight. One seat was downgraded due to being oversold according to ticket. First class stated dinner but we were only provided water. Service was non existent. Value for money was not given. Would not recommend flying Delta."
"Little Rock to Atlanta. We've been diverted to a different airport without a Delta hub because the plane was not fully filled up with fuel so it couldn't be rerouted to an airport with a Delta hub. Why was the plane not fully fueled for a 6am flight knowing that weather was bad in ATL with was supposed to be a 1.5hr flight and now it has turned into sitting on a tarmac for 3 hours with no food, drinks, blankets, one bathroom and having the air freezing inside. Unprofessional flight attendants while explaining the safety instructions was getting into her carry on to get gum instead of instruct. Then when she is walking through to make sure everyone is buckled up before we take off she's drinking a Starbucks! Unprofessional!"
"After a 5 day holiday in New York my son daughter and I boarded the flight home and was seated in the back three seats of the aircraft, the air conditioning was on quite high so had to cover our legs with our coats as it was quite cold, this carried on throughout take off and till we were well into the air which was a good half an hour. When the steward came round to give us peanuts and biscuits I asked him if he could turn the aircon down - he told me to cover my legs with a blanket - as I'd already done this and was still cold I asked if he could turn the aircon down as I'm cold. He said I don't agree with you, it's a good temperature and if I turn it down the other passengers will be too warm. He was so dismissive of my request and abrupt that I was embarrassed by his attitude. My flight home was an unpleasant experience as he was passing me for the whole flight (I fell asleep and missed breakfast so had to ask him for one, he went and got me one then threw it on my table) to be treated like that on what should be a pleasant experience was unacceptable. The three people in front off us was also cold trying to get warm all the time, one of them wearing a hat and the others huddling under blankets to keep warm."
"Saint Martin to New York JFK. We should have know from the start of this flight with the mayhem at the airport that this was not going to be good. We finally boarded and then had to wait on the tarmac for an hour due to heavy air traffic. The Captain kept us up to date, but still we were an hour late. There was one FA in Business and three in Economy. They announced that the beverage service would begin shortly and that passengers in Business and Delta Comfort were entitled to complimentary drinks, which was one of the reasons I booked DC in addition to the additional legroom. The beverage service started and we were in the second row of the Comfort seats. Everyone around me ordered soda, coffee, water but no one order an alcoholic drink even though it was late afternoon. When the surly flight attendant got to me I asked for a double gin and tonic. Without smiling she asked if I wanted the whole can. I figured it would save her time so I said yes. She couldn't find tonic in her drawer, harrumphed and walked back to get one. Upon returning she asked if I wanted one cup or two. I told her one would be fine. As she opened the first of the two gin bottles she looked at me and said, \"I'll give you these two but that's all you're going to get.\" (She wasn't kidding.) I was dumbfounded. I didn't have any intention of ordering more, but I didn't need her to ensure I knew I wouldn't be getting any more - regardless of the fact that I was in a seat entitled to \"complimentary drinks\" (no mention of a limit). She pushed her cart to the next row and moved on. Later in the flight I wanted some water and got up and went to the rear galley, where the three FA's were enjoying one of the cheese and cracker snack boxes. They were talking and I didn't want to interrupt, but waited until one of them noticed me standing in the doorway. After several minutes one of them did and asked, \"What can I get you?\" \"A bottle of water please.\" Her terse reply, \"We don't have bottled water,\" to which I replied, \"Fine then. A cup of water please.\" She turned around, tossed the cup on top of the bin of ice on the cart, sloshed some water in the cup and handed it to me, never asking if I wanted ice (the water was room temp). I returned to my seat, looked at my husband and said Delta sucks. I understand if FA's are miserable when dealing with nasty passengers, but when the passenger is being polite there is no need to be surly and curt. Just one more example of how much US airlines have to learn."
"Dayton to Albuquerque via Atlanta. Customer service in Dayton was ok but Atlanta, as usual, was awful. Delta apparently does not allow you to purchase tickets and to pick a seat at that time . For us, this resulted in my husband and I being assigned seats in different rows. When I asked to be allowed to sit next to my spouse then I was given seats at the back of the plane."
"We paid 150$ extra to fly my grandson from Traverse City to Detroit. After he entered the plane, no one talked to him or directed him when he arrived. He wandered around the airport till I found him. Why did I have to pay the extra money beside the seat cost for a baby sitter? Any way to rip people off."
"My first flight was delayed, so we were told we needed to rebook so we would not miss the connecting flight. As we got into line with three people ahead of us, two off the four customer service agents went on break leaving two agents with six available terminals. After waiting in line for an hour, another agent went on break, leaving one agent. When she was finished with her customer, a sky priority customer jumped ahead to her station, and she helped him, even though there were four sky priority agents working. Then another customer, from nowhere cut the entire line, and she let her do this. No back up - yet only one agent. Finally, 2 agents came back from break, and lucky us our agent could only get us on a flight 10 hours later, we were offered no comps, and no upgrades. I was crying when I told our agent that I would be charged an extra 100 dollars by our rental car company, which I don't have the money for, and he just said sorry. Not to mention the increased rate we paid for a non-red eye (I don't sleep on flights.) On the red eyes we were given seats that do not recline , making it impossible to get some shut eye. Delta, you could do better! Please have more staffing around the holidays and management of breaks."
"Honolulu to Phoenix via Los Angeles. We had to check a bag because a jar of jelly was too big. They called it late check-in and charged us $35. When the bag didn't arrive in Phoenix, they promised to deliver it. I arranged my schedule to be at home to pick it up. They called today to tell me to come get it because it was late check baggage. I am so angry! My husband has the car, plus it is at 1:30 hour round trip. They didn't say a word about a different policy because it was late check in. We should have just thrown out the jelly, but that would be expecting us to know their policies. I do not know whether the person who took the report was lying to me or simply incompetent. The seats were horribly uncomfortable on both parts of the trip. They want you to put carry-on items under the seats, but the seats are so close that it is very difficult to get them out again. The aisles are so narrow that even really skinny people hit other travelers when they walk down the aisles. The final part of our trip was delayed because the previous flight was late getting there. One of the flight crew kept trying to speed up the boarding process. He yelled at people not to block the aisles, and to let others around them. That seems like fine advice, but it seems he didn't notice that a lot of the people didn't speak English. Instructions spoken in English, no matter how loud, are not helpful when the person doesn't speak English."
"Downgraded from paid first class. I booked a paid first class seat for myself and then a day before my trip my son decided he wanted to come with me, so I paid for him to travel along side. I spent 30 mins on phone to Delta arranging his ticket, was given a seat assignment etc etc. The next day when checking in my son had a seat request boarding pass, so checked in with gate agent and was given 12A for my son and 1D for me. I told them he had been assigned a seat next to me in row 1. They checked computer etc and said that was impossible as the PAX in that seat had purchased in October. I asked if that PAX had been awarded an upgrade and if so as I had a paid 1st class would they be able to downgrade a non paid 1st class. I was then told they couldn't do that. So as the plane is boarding I call their prem Skymiles number and explained. I was told by them that they never oversell in 1st class and should have downgraded someone, probably even had a couple of non-revs in that cabin. As it was a short flight I ended up downgrading myself also as my son is only 8. Eventually I got a decent credit with Delta, but was pretty mad about their process as it simply makes no sense to downgrade a paid customer and enforce a 2nd paid customer to also downgrade themselves."
"I had a terrible experience with Delta Air Lines flying from Seattle to Boise. The customer service and information technology could use a complete overhaul. The flight was two hours delayed for two separate reasons. Firstly, the airline allowed a passenger that was not on the flight onto the flight and did not notice until we were about to take off. Secondly, in this process the plane ran out of gas. The crew were very poor at addressing these problems and the passengers were left in the dark through out most of this delay. I will never fly this airline again."
"My husband and I had a direct Delta Air Lines flight from Honolulu to Seattle that left around 10:30 pm with a total flight time of five hours and twenty-five minutes. It was extremely hot (coming from a person who is cold most of the time) when we boarded the aircraft and remained that way the entire flight, which made it uncomfortable. We were offered a beverage and snack not very long after we departed with the next beverage offering not until 45 minutes before we landed. Between the hot temperature and not being offered enough water, or some type of beverage, I was dehydrated. The experience was enough for me to not want to fly on Delta ever again."
"San Francisco to Calgary via Seattle. Really awful service from start to finish. I booked my flight through Westjet so Delta is refusing to do anything about it despite the lady at the help desk saying they would. Agent gave me boarding pass to different flight without telling me mine had been cancelled. This flight was delayed and we were not communicated with whatsoever causing many of us to miss our connections. Staff were stressed and rude. Told us we could try running. Connection left 3 minutes before departure even though there were five of us running to get there. New flight landed at midnight meaning either sleep in the airport or try to get picked up then which was not possible for many of us. Refused to get us hotel since we couldn't get picked up. Told us to complain and we would receive some kind of compensation which is now not happening either. Absolutely nothing was done to help us out during the experience. We were never communicated with and had to ask repeatedly to find out what was going on. I was promised they'd fix it and they refuse to do anything to make up for it."
"My recent experience in first class on a Delta flight from Minneapolis to Salt Lake City (round trip) was anything but first class. The seats in the first class cabin are spaced so close that the tray tables cannot be put in place if the passenger in front of you has reclined his/her seat. This was true of any first class passenger faced with the situation. The flight attendant offered lamely that she wondered why this was a problem saying: \"That's strange.\" Well, it's not strange, Delta has crowded more seats into first class than the seats are designed to permit. It was VERY difficult to get seated in so little foot room as there was. I would only subscribe to Delta first class for routing purposes and would not recommend its first class to anyone."
"Flight was fine, but this is about the most miserable experience with Delta customer service in setting up / resetting an account. Needs the home address, account gets locked for 24 hours, cannot add miles with confirmation number [need ticket number], associates contacted by email do not read the emails and/or do not have access to the correct systems to help. Entirely too much work for like $27 worth of miles (4000 of a 60000(?) free ticket worth $400 or so). Ridiculously inefficient and terrible system with no value."
"Flight from San Diego to San Jose was delayed only 15 minutes then given no notification by anyone until 15 minutes before our flight that it was delayed. No explanation, no help, no offer of a refund or trying to find us another flight. My husband and I can't miss our jobs early the next day. Customer service is absolutely horrendous at both bag check in and ticket counter. Will never fly Delta Air Lines again."
"I'm not a kind of traveler that ever complains or ever taken a survey to evaluate the quality of service. Today however is different. I've been pushed to the limit and will make a note, of the terrible service that I've received on Delta. I'm on flight AF9301 seat 41H from Minneapolis to Paris CDG. Flight attendant takes the poor Delta service to a new low. First, she is ramming her food cart onto seats and passengers shoulders and proceeds with no remorse or even a simple excuse me. Just passed with a drinks cart, looks like she looks at faces, and chooses who she will ask if they need a drink or not. She clearly ignored me as I awaited to get a drink, and I must say, I have never felt disrespected this much. I had to politely ask another attendant if drinks were for purchase or complementary, just to calm my head. Across the isle, an elderly woman who clearly doesn't speak English motioned for service, unable to clearly get the message across, the woman pointed towards the snacks on the cart the FA was pushing, then the FA grabbed a bunch of snack peanut packets, and literally threw them at the elderly woman. When I asked why the attendants seemed so disrespectful, a senior attendant mentioned something along the lines of staffing etc, which I personally, thought was an excuse, as the aircraft seemed to be less than half full. If had a choice, I would never fly Delta again. Unfortunately Delta is too big an airline, that my choices are narrowed and I keep finding myself on Delta flights."
"Heard lots of bad things from others regarding Delta but really didn't expect anything this bad - asked to be seated as near to a toilet as possible as my girlfriend is registered disabled, and told we were 4 rows away. It appears this toilet is for business class only and my girlfriend was not only challenged by a horrible air steward but a middle aged passenger who took it upon himself to block the aisle and become obnoxious to her - I made my feelings pretty clear to him as you can imagine. In general the staff were unhelpful and just not interested, the complete opposite from the Virgin crew we had on the outward journey. The food was not good plus the inflight entertainment system was not working properly. I would not travel with Delta again if my life depended in it."
"Delta cancelled Flight 0135 from Amsterdam to Detroit on November 19, 2015 because the Delta crew did not show up to fly the plane. It was a full flight with many passengers having already flown for some 8 hours already internationally to Amsterdam. The baggage and food was loaded onto the flight, the KLM representatives were at the gate to board everyone, and then we were told the crew simply did not show up to fly the plane. Later the flight was cancelled - without any announcement or posting on the electronic boards, and hundreds of passengers had to stand about 7 hours in line to get rebooked!! People were exhausted. Many had other horror stories about past experiences with Delta that some said cancelled flights for no reason at all or because they can. Unprofessional and unreliable. Avoid if you can. Too bad KLM is partnering with Delta now."
"We flew on DL1112 from Atlanta, GA to Phoenix, AZ. On our first attempt our plane had to be taxi back due to a malfunction in the cockpit. We completely understand about malfunctions and the crew was able to get everyone on the flight on another plane within an hour. My biggest complaint was the fact that once we boarded our second plane we had to wait an additional hour bc we were waiting for the catering cart to arrive. My recommendation would be to wait until the plane is ready to go before boarding passengers. There was a few passengers that we're getting impatient and one passenger even had an outburst saying \"who cares about the food, let's just go. Let's Go!\" Our seats were bad this time but no fault to Delta we just had kids behind us both flights and the first flight a kid pulled my wife's hair and on the second flight a kid and their parents kept bumping our seats. Normally we have very good experiences with Delta airlines and I would recommend them over some other airlines. Just having the stress of this being Thanksgiving weekend our experience was not enjoyable as it has been in the past."
"Four years ago I made a rule that I would never do Delta flights again. In the the past with every Delta flight they have lost my luggage, delayed me hours, and made me pay for another ticket for getting stuck in a snow storm. In desperation to get home this year, the cheapest I could find was Delta. I took a risk and lost. I am now delayed 3 hours because they can't get their act together! New rule : never flying Delta again, no matter how cheap."
"I booked my Delta Air Lines flight in July for myself and my three children. I was just informed that it wasn't possible to book our seats together. Why in the world would I want my three young children to sit separately from me next to people I don't know. When I booked for one adult and three children it should be clear that they will need to sit by their parent. My gosh! One son is slated about 20 rows ahead of the remaining three of us."
"Atlanta to Newark. I usuallly do not have any complaints about Delta. However, our flight from ATL to EWR was delayed due to weather. Fine. Then we had to wait for the flight attendants to arrive before we could even board. So instead of boarding at 9:41pm we had to wait even longer before we could even board. It is ridiculous that we were unaware of when we would arrive to our destination. Many people had children and it's insane that we will be arriving past midnight. The most unorganized flight I've been on. I won't be going to Delta anytime soon."
"We have flown Delta on numerous occasions as we have a house and business in US. Our honest opinion is that in general we use Delta because we prefer to fly from our local airport, and this is a service supplied in conjunction with Air France and KLM via Paris / Amsterdam. Overall, the service is poor. We have found cabin staff mostly friendly and helpful, though not always. Food is usually ok but I am afraid that on numerous flights pre booked months in advance, my family are seated in different parts of the plane, most unacceptable particularly dissappointing when you have booked a family holiday months in advance. When challenging them about this we get nowhere. The last flight we checked in online and received a telephone call to say all was ok but when we were checking our luggage in on the return journey we were told at check in 'oh this flight goes tomorrow evening'! Now after much arguing and apologies we were put on a Lufthansa flight to Frankfurt but 35 hours door to door from US to UK is totally unacceptable. This experience on numerous occasions has made us reconsider. The flight experience is far too much hassle for a family and I have to say I am relieved we do not have to endure this ever again. I have complained to the airline on a number of occasions but as yet I have received no response. In my opinion Delta are a letdown to the whole ethos of customer service and care in the US and I will certainly not contemplate using their services again."
"Honolulu to Salt Lake City via Seattle. Delta changed my flight at the last minute and put my wife towards the back of the plane with me and my two children under 4 years old near the front. We called and asked if they could put us together so we could help each other keep the kids calm, since we had bought tickets with four seats right next to each other. They were very rude and basically said deal with it. Delta Air Lines have horrible customer service and could care less about anyone on the plane since everyone had to deal with my kids crying for their mother or their father when we switched seats."
"Tuesday morning I departed from HOU to travel home (STL) for a family emergency. I understand delays due to weather but my flight from STL to ATL did not depart on time. The flight staff did not inform us of any difficulties therefore I do not feel my time was being valued. I arrive in ATL later than scheduled and the airline did not feel the need to give them notice that I was on the flight and that I had a connecting flight and unfortunately missed my connection flight home. Due to this, I was unable to make it to work Wednesday night and accumulated another days' expenses from on site parking, Delta only felt the need to give me a limited $50 gift card."
"Orlando to LOndon Heathrow via Atlanta. We have flown Delta before with no problems, and have rated them highly. However this time the flight from MCO was cancelled whilst we were waiting to board (\"aircraft is broke\"), and we were informed replacement was being sent from ATL, which wouldn't land at MCO until after LHR flight had departed. Mad panic with a full Boeing 757 passenger list trying to contact Delta customer services using the 6 available telephones. Eventually got through, and was offered flight from ATL to Paris, with a connection to LHR. Had to point out to the operator this would take-off whilst we were en-route to ATL. Eventually got offered flight to Philadelphia, to connect to a London flight the next evening. Asked if there was a way to contact England to advise our taxi company not to pick us up until following day. They said they had no international calling arrangements. Got to ATL about 10:45 at night, then spent about an hour trying to arrange overnight hotel (three quarter full flight, and 4 customer service clerks). Eventually given voucher for hotel, and told to wait at the hotel shuttle pick up point outside. Hotel shuttle didn't turn up, and wasn't listed on list of hotel contacts to allow us to contact it. Eventually driver from another hotel took pity on the 14 of us booked to that hotel, and took us there. The hotel also had no way of making international calls. Next morning we found voucher was for accommodation only - we had to pay for breakfast! Flight to Philly was ok-ish (a MD88 is not as good as a 757). London-bound plane was a half-empty 757. However, although Premium Economy was almost empty we were still only allowed in Economy unless we were willing to pay for upgrade. The only time previously we have had a rearranged flight, also because of broken aircraft, was with BA who automatically upgraded us. Was also surprised that , if we wanted to watch any of the films on offer, we would have to pay by credit card. Never had this before on a transatlantic flight - even Delta ones. However cannot fault the onboard flight crew or service. The seats, however were uncomfortable, and 9 hours is a long time to sit in an uncomfortable seat. When we got back to LHR, no checked baggage. They were delivered to our home later that day on 2 separate deliveries, because one had arrived on a later Delta flight from JFK, the other had arrived on an earlier Virgin flight, also from JFK! So, in addition to us having an extra wasted day, Delta have caused us to be out of pocket for meals we wouldn't have had to pay for, and a taxi that went to LHR to meet us. The in-flight experience is ok. It is the customer service side that needs attention. I would still use them, but never use them for a connecting service again."
"New York JFK to London Heathrow with Delta. Time to put the old thing out to pasture. Seriously, Delta - get with it. We pay these extremely high prices and Delta Air Lines are still putting regional planes on international routes. Shame. Service, food and staff was all fine. This seat was the 1x2x1 configuration. I was in Seat 5A. I am 6'4\" and I can't fit when the bed is flat. I find the enclosed foot area very bothersome. The bathrooms are shared with economy class. It was small, and midway through the flight was filthy. I'd say if you were flying this route, make sure to stay away from the Boeing 767-400 equipment."
"Never flying Delta again. My initial arrival time was supposed to be 9.54 pm, then plane had to turn around because of a mechanical problem. We got put on another flight around 11.15 pm, we made it to the runway, only to have to turn around and go back because the captain of the planes shift was almost over. Now having to wait until 2.30 am to catch another flight. This is ridiculous."
"We booked on a Delta Air Lines buddy pass a few weeks before for a round trip. After arriving in Phoenix from Detroit we found out on the way home that the payment had been cancelled, and even though we were still listed online for the standby list, they refused to let us on. The airline attendants could not and would not explain how the pass was cancelled, why the payment was canceled, we tried logging in ourselves to rescheduled and the system wouldn't let us. The attendants were useless and we ended up borrowing a buddy pass from a complete stranger who felt bad for us. The airline system was unorganized, showing different information for us online and the airline attendants; the attendants knew nothing and did nothing to correct the situation, I was basically told to call customer service to reschedule my flight. They had even sent us a confirmation email that morning. What a joke! Totally not worth the cost when other airlines have pretty much the same rate with cheaper bag charges. I'm giving this airline a 1/10 because none of these other features matter if they can't even accurately communicate the status of your flight reservation."
"I made a mistake booking to New York Friday with my family. Instead of 09.40am, I put it as pm on my phone when I booked it. I just caught and called Delta, they said it would be $700 change fee per person x 4 -the flight only cost me $1500 roundtrip for all four. Nice customer service, honest mistake and my whole family gets screwed over on a family vacation. I am a frequent flyer with Delta because of the hub in Detroit. I will do whatever I can not to fly them again."
"New York to London with Delta Air Lines. We started off with a very helpful member of staff who checked us in at the screens before we queued to drop our bags off. It all went downhill from there! A misery behind the desk couldn't engage in conversation or even make eye contact before telling us that our seats would be allocated at the desk. She also told us that as we had the same reservation, the seats would be together. Good news as we are newly weds. After waiting at the gate, 15 minutes before scheduled boarding, we had to change to another gate. Pilot/co-pilot announces to the passengers that there was an issue with a fuel pump with the previous plane. (Is that courteous or unnecessary)? Unnessecary for the less confident passengers waiting among us. Over an hour late boarding and we are told that our seats aren't together after all!! The joke of the matter is that when we board, I was sat in the centre of a married couple in an aisle of three seats! That is just total incompetence! Obviously I changed seats with them! Food was barely edible, the orange juice with breakfast was still frozen! Seat pocket was torn, the cabin was shabby and tired. Delayed by +2 hours. It's like this airline has just been thrown together on the cheap and the service and comfort and colour scheme (navy blue, red and bright pink?!) reflects this."
"Extremely disappointed with the flight attendants on this Delta Air Lines flight. Never in my life have I seen such laziness or disrespect. I recently had major spine surgery and have lifting restrictions so I asked for help with putting my bag in the overhead compartment. The flight attendant gave me a dirty look, told me no, said that \"people like you\" shouldn't be allowed to have a carryon if I couldn't lift it, and went back to her conversation with her co-worker! I'm disabled, not stupid. I've never been treated so badly in my life. Overall, terrible experience."
"Last minute flight so I paid $750 CAD for this roundtrip in premium economy. Flight to SFO was smooth - with connection in Seattle. Flight home was bad: I arrived SFO at 11:45 am for 2pm flight. I received a message from Delta that flight was delayed and to contact them. I left the gate, through security, to check-in desk and they advised that the new departure of 2:38 was still good for my connection. Back to the gate, where before boarding an offer was announced to provide a $400 voucher for anyone who would stay behind, which I did not select because I had plans. We boarded at approx 2:30. Approx 2:45 the captain announced we would be held at the gate. We took off at approx 3:10 - at this point I knew I would need to rush to catch connection, which was from different terminal in LAX. We landed LAX &and were held on the tarmac, I deplaned at approx 4:48 to catch departing flight to Calgary Canada on WestJet (codeshare) at 5:05. I obtained assistance through security and ran to the gate in my socks to find the flight gone. I called Delta - they said the next flight would be the next morning. I went back to the other terminal and to the help desk - where we spent over an hour looking at every connection I could find (Vegas, Salt Lake, Vancouver) but every flight had a connection too close to make it home - so I gave in and arranged for the morning flight on WestJet. I asked for Delta to provide me with a Hotel - the answer was no. Supervisor gave me a discount voucher. Next I went downstairs to get my luggage. I was told it was with WestJet and I could not get it because WestJet personnel were not there, but not to worry it would be on my flight tomorrow. I got upset and the very helpful team actually went over got my luggage. Now it is 8:30pm, 3.5 hours after my flight landed. I entered the website for the hotel, as per directions on the coupon. Site was blank for LAX. I called the phone number on the voucher and was told there was no availability for LAX! I called my husband - who went on the internet to search Airport hotels - everything was showing as FULL or over $350 for a 2 star. Thinking this was only because of how late it was, I called several of these hotels and was told they were indeed booked. I was offered expensive hotels miles away - no shuttle. I needed to be at the airport 2.5 hours before my 8am International flight (because I did not have a boarding pass with the change, I was told to arrive extra early for the flight). So this was unacceptable - I went back up to the Delta help desk to tell them to get me a hotel. I was again told by the supervisor they will not help with a hotel. Agent even left to confirm the voucher was not valid and hotels were indeed booked. I saw they had a flight posted leaving LAX at 9:45pm to Oakland (same are as SFO). I asked to be put on that flight but they would not do it - saying that was 2 legs and I only had 1 leg of my flight left. I had to pay $305 ($400 CAD) for 1 way to OAK, as flight was leaving and decision had to be made. Terrible"
"Delta Air Lines from Seattle to Anchorage in exit row. Delta has an unusually cramped cabin, even in First Class, so I was relieved to get the exit row. On takeoff, a strip of plastic from the overhead bin compartment fell off and hit me and the guy behind me in the head repeatedly. It was light enough that it was an inconvenience rather than a cause for alarm or injury, but it does call maintenance into question. Then the cabin crew proceeded to serve six bottles of booze to the gentleman seated next to me, despite the fact that he was visibly intoxicated after the first four. Not sure how he'd assist with the emergency exit when he was drunk enough to begin making phone calls as soon as we could see the destination in the distance and yelling obscenities into his phone. Cabin crew ignored this just as they ignored the fact that they over served him beyond any reasonable margin of error. They'd sell him six bottles of tequila, but they only came through the cabin to provide half glasses of ice with a splash of soft drink on a three hour flight. This is on par with what I've come to expect from Delta Airlines. At least I wasn't in First Class this time, and had some leg room (Delta's First Class cabin is as tightly packed as their steerage class rows.)"
"Las Vegas to Atlanta with Delta Air Lines. Uncomfortable seats, cramped beyond belief and incredibly rude staff throughout the flight. The check in staff were good. Won't be flying with them again given the choice."
"After our flight was delayed from Maui to LAX, we missed our flight. When we landed, the gate was taken so then we missed the last flight of the night. We then had to stay the night in the airport with no accommodation offered. The customer service is absolutely horrible, staff is rude. I say make them sleep on an airport floor for a night, and then tell me they're sorry for the inconvenience. Every gate attendant I dealt with has been rude and not wanting to find flights for us, and acted as though I asked them to do something that was impossible. I would never recommend flying with Delta to my worst enemy. An announcement came over they were offering $500 vouchers for people to give up their seats, when we were offered nothing for them making us miss our flights. To put icing on the cake, they removed our checked bags and now have no idea where they are. Good luck if you fly Delta."
"On the 4 flights within a week - 1st flight was delayed 2 hrs, missing the connecting flight (technical issue, we were not on board) - 2nd flight went ok - 3rd flight was delayed 3.5 hrs, missing the connecting flight (infotainment system down, we were on board and the 34 deg C heat was too much for A/C). They sent us to a luxury hotel. 4th flight was delayed 1.5 hr (they just realized that the captain had too many hours). What kind of company is this? Will not fly again with them, given a choice."
"My spouse booked this flight six weeks prior to departure. She has platinum status on Delta, but was unable to obtain an economy comfort upgrade. She was also unable to purchase economy comfort seats (none available), so we ended up in economy. As with the flight from SLC to CDG, the seats in the return CDG to SEA flight were the worst I've experienced - cramped, inadequate padding, solid armrests, and hardly any recline. This was a day flight - I didn’t sleep well the night before, and was unable to take a nap. Seat discomfort made my flight experience miserable. My spouse and I forgot to bring our seat backs to the upright position before landing at SEA, and the FAs didn’t notice. That’s how minimal the recline is. Once again, food quality had deteriorated from my last transatlantic Delta flight in January 2014. I forgot to buy take on food at CDG. Delta offered a wide selection of movies, but the free headset's poor sound quality made it impossible to enjoy them. My 1-star rating for entertainment is based on the headset’s poor sound quality. The FAs were competent and courteous, my only positive comment for this flight."
"Delta Air Lines from Boston to Indianapolis, and it was just an utter mess. There was no direction given and no updates given. I have been staring at a previous flight still on-boarding, meanwhile their flight already took off. I'm highly disappointed by the quality of service. Oh and our gate just changed - for the third time."
"Trying to fly home to see my family. After delaying constantly for 4 hours and refusing to let us get off the plane while they wait for us to be able to take off. The pilot proceeds to promise we will take off (I don't blame the pilot). The airline said that they would not be allowing my flight to land at LGA due to a lack of space at the airport. The pilot proceeded to ask if we could land in a different airport so that our whole weekends weren't ruined. The airline basically refused to do anything to help myself and several others in the same position. To say the least I am fuming, in tears, and very frustrated with Delta Airlines. Especially since when we were leaving the airplane they were required to play the audio tape \"Thanking for choosing Delta\"."
"Richmond to Atlanta. Beware that Delta Air Lines cheaper tickets do not allow you to sit with your flying partner. You have to pay more just to fly seated together. Rip off! I will not fly Delta again."
"First my Delta Air Lines flight got delayed but I was able to re-book it the night before. The guy who answered my call was not very understanding and frustrated me even more. Then the morning of my flight I got there 3 hours early (3:00 am) only to be told that the flight was delayed because the captain was missing. I missed my connecting flight which meant I had to be re routed and had to wait six hours in New York. I was supposed to get to DC at 10 AM and got there at 4:30 pm. Wasted my day at the airport. Coming back, my flight was again delayed and I once again missed my connecting flight. I had to book to another flight. It was a direct flight but basically had to wait 6.5 hours at the airport for it to take off. Then my gate for the new flight got changed twice. Then my 12:22 flight got delayed again to 2:00pm or so. I was supposed to be in Montreal at noon and instead arrived at around 3:10 or so. The one positive was that the direct flight was extremely fast and made it to Montréal in an hour and 10 minutes. My carry on met the specifications but I was told to leave it on the side of the entrance of the plane because it did not fit in the overhead cabinet? So why do you give specs that do not work? That would be ok except that one of the zippers in my luggage got ripped off and there was a tear on the side of the luggage. Way to take care of my stuff guys. I admit that the staff were very nice and they tried to be understanding. I received a 50$ voucher to use at a later date but will I really use this airline again? Do I want to take a chance? How many delays can a human being take in one trip? They also gave me a 15$ voucher to eat at the airport because I had to wait so long. I understand stuff happens. I understand that sometimes things are out of people's controls. But my experience at Delta was a complete waste of time and either they are extremely incompetent or I am extremely unlucky as a traveller."
"Security wait times in Atlanta were 1 hour (October 3). Priority lines were empty and instead of expediting passengers with tight times, everyone was left to work through the full line. Missed flight by 1 minute, and rather than rebook me on next flight they sent me to other side of airport to get on standby. More bad service (no ability to tell me number on standby). I took another train to new flight only to find I was #4 on a full flight. Next available would be three hours later. I left and went to Southwest and bought next flight out which left 20 minutes after the standby flight. Delta service is horrific all the way through starting with gate agents, security staff (not TSA but delta gate staff - one of whom argued with me for 5 minutes on the difference between priority boarding and first. Had they been clearer maybe I would have made flight). Legroom is non existant. People not helpful. Last last last last time I ever fly this awful airline."
"This was hands down the worst travel experience in my life. Apparently the Delta Air Lines flight out of Florence was cancelled to due wind. Delta (and their partner KLM) had my flight bussed to the Pisa airport, (with no explanation, the pilot on the next flight explained). There we were told that we'd be dropped off at our plane that was \"waiting\" and no worries about our connecting flights in Amsterdam. There was no plane waiting in Pisa. We were dropped off with no direction in the Pisa airport parking lot, we had to go back through security and stand in lines trying to figure out which flight we were suppose to take. By the time we made it to Amsterdam the connecting flights were long gone. The KLM/Delta service people, were rude and unhelpful. They would tell us to get in a specific line, where'd we'd wait for over an hour, then they tell us to go to a different part of the airport and get in a different line. The connecting flights that were missed for some reason could not be rebooked at the airport and we were told we had to call Delta ourselves and reschedule. To which, after two attempts at 1.5 hours each spent on hold I was finally able to rebook my flight at an international calling rate of $2 an hour, so I spent over $400 just to rebook the flight. That doesn't include the rest of the costs I incurred at my two days at the airport. And of course they lost my luggage. And of course they don't care. I just keep getting transferred over to different \"customer service lines\" where I have to wait on hold and then repeat everything. So I still don't know where my luggage is and I have a new customer service number that I need to call tomorrow. I hate Delta and KLM and I will try to avoid these airlines if at all possible in the future."
"This is by far the worst service and flying experience and I will never fly Delta Air Lines again. The baggage clerks are rude. When I made my flight reservation I said I need an aisle or window seat and the phone clerk said there is plenty of seats. Come to find when I check in it won't let me change my seats and no one can seem to help me. On top of all that I had to pay 235$ for my two bags. My advice to anyone thinking about booking with Delta is not to - Southwest are cheaper and all around more comfortable and easier to fly."
"We were held up in Nashville for an hour and we were forced to miss our connecting Delta Air Lines flight to Phoenix. On board the flight attendant assured us that the company would put us upon a hotel for the night. They didn't and they would pay for it either. First and last time I fly Delta Air Lines."
"I have flown Delta thinking that they were the best. Until my flight from LAX to SLC was rerouted to Grand Junction where we sat on the tarmac for 3 hours. I know they cannot help weather, which is not what upsets me. It is that once I finally landed in SLC my next flight to Billings had just taken off. Again, I know not something they can help. At this point everything for the next 24 hours was booked, there wasn't even a hotel they could get me in for the night. Again, not something that they can control. So I rented a car and drove through the night on my own accord and expense. The complaint is that when I went to get the ticket refunded I called customer service before even leaving the airport while the flight to Billings was in the air and they insisted that I needed to wait until I completed my flight back to Honolulu before anything could be done. So 2 weeks later, I get back and make a call. Somehow it says that I flew the flight. Every person I called said that they couldn't do anything and gave me another number to call or sent me to the airport. It took me another 2 weeks of calling everyday to find someone who had any idea and knowledge on what to do. I have people telling me to go to the airport and others saying there was no need to go to the airport and they were sorry I was sent there. Well the person who knew what they were talking about, sent me back to the airport and told me who to talk to. I had to get a letter from the airport stating that I didn't fly on that flight. Now, almost a month after getting that paper and 2 months after not getting on that flight, I finally get an email saying it is up for review, but I need a letter from my bank stating that it is okay to give a cash refund. I am so sick and tired of the terrible customer service and the lack of care that 99% of their workers showed. Being that I live in Hawaii, I am 6 hours behind their time, I have had to get up early on my days off just to make sure that I can get through to speak with anyone. I even had a lady say to stay up and call when they open. Oh yes, I am going to stay up till 2am my time to only be frustrated to now end so that I can sleep for 2 more hours and get up to watch children. That sounds like such a grand idea."
"We spent $3,000 on these Delta Air Lines tickets and every flight has been very delayed. One of the delayed flights coming home made us miss our connecting flight and the service person told us it was not their fault (air traffic fault), and told us there was nothing they could do. We finally get booked for another flight 24 hours later after not having our luggage and having to buy a hotel, food, clothes, miss work to now find out they have a broken plane. We have been trying to get home now for almost 3 days. We travel all the time and have never experienced such a terrible travel experience and will never give this airline a penny every again."
"We got tickets for this flight a day before departure via American Airlines, because we missed their flight and they put us on Delta. This flight to ATL was horrible, because of our seats. We got seats at the very last row next to the engines. These seats are horrible and extremely noisy. Although the flight was 1,5 hour, we were still deaf an hour after landing. There was no inflight service by the cabin crew due to the weather conditions. I've heard this flying on multiple flights by DL. Although flight-safety is priority one, in my opinion there was no trouble with the weather to not deliver cabin service."
"We were notified 2 hours before our boarding time that our Delta Air Lines flight was cancelled and that we had been rebooked on a flight 5 hours later. After calling a Delta representative for an explanation, she informed us that we had to talk to a \"Delta representative\" which required a 30 minute wait in the airport at their \"special services\" line. This representative told us there was nothing she could do. As a result we missed a show we had spent $200 on. After waiting 7 hours in the airport we boarded our new flight and proceeded to sit at the terminal in a 90 degree hot, full plane, for 30 minutes as they worked on repairs to the plane. They attempted to connect exterior air conditioning to the plane but that unit was also not working. After 30 minutes they told us to grab our luggage and deplane. Currently still waiting at the gate 30 minutes after we were supposed to land in Portland. Never flying Delta again!"
"Delta Air Lines royally screwed my entire trip. So first time to go to Vegas and I was so excited. My friend is a platinum member with Delta so we booked our flights with Delta. Our flight was supposed to leave at 3pm and we stayed at the airport until 10pm because there was an every hour delay, finally left and came back in the morning. So one day of our trip which I was supposed to be enjoying in Vegas was lost. We come back the next morning and Delta says that we already got on the plane? We were standing right in front of the lady so we have to wait another 2 hours to get that fixed. Finally got on a plane - get to Vegas late in the day - only to find our luggage lost. So a whole day and half of our trip dealing with plane issues and then only to come to Vegas with no clothes, shoes, or anything. Last time I will ever book a flight with Delta."
"I sat at GGT for 8 hrs because Delta Air Lines had a mechanical issue. No food, no proper toilet facilities, no proper seating, rude agents and zero communication. Delta provided a $15 credit per person for a dive bar across the street that ran out of food and it was the only place to purchase food. When we complained upon arrival at Atlanta 11 hours later, we were given a 7500 miles for two people."
"Arrived at airport at 3.50 am to find out the flight was \"delayed\" until 4pm later that day, because the plane did not come in the night before. No notification just let us get up and drive to the airport at 3:50am. After some time on the phone we managed to get a milk run to Salt Lake city taking three different flights to get there and only arriving 2 hours later than originally anticipated. Not so bad considering we spent 17 hours traveling from Halifax to Salt Lake. Return flight, they get us to Mey York on time but the connector home is delayed again another three hours. No compensation. Nothing. Lots of I am sorry but this company doesn't value customers time consistently. Claiming weather is the problem in Washington when we are leaving NYC for Halifax and the weather is fine in both spots. I don't understand what Washington rain has to do with it. Very frustrated. My last flight with Delta was the same, lost a days vacation at Walt Disney for a family of five because of mechanical failure and flight cancellation. They provided us 100 dollar travel vouchers each to fly Delta within 1 year that we never got to take advantage of and they expired. Never again will I book a Delta flight."
"Purchased Delta Air Lines first class tickets from Portland to DC via Salt Lake, leaving at 1:39 pm. At 11:00 am Delta delayed flight so that we would be missing the connection. Their email said they would re-schedule us; the re-schedule was then supposed to be on the red eye, arriving the following day! When we went to ask if there wasn't space on an earlier flight (they had several in the afternoon, going to DC), we were told no - every seat taken. As we sat waiting in the lounge, another passenger overheard our situation and told us she had just been upgraded to first class on one of these flights and there were open seats on them. When we inquired again, the Delta rep admitted that there were in fact first class seats available on those other afternoon flights, but our first class tickets could not be transferred to these seats and they are not allowed to switch us to those seats - different code (?) I feel sorry for the employee who had to explain this embarrassing rip off to us. So after making our original itinerary impossible, Delta's \"code\" policy would not allow us to take available seats on the other afternoon flights, forced us to sit in the Portland airport for 12 hours and then take a red eye flight overnight and arrive 24 hours after our original check in. Nice going Delta. The statement on Delta's rescheduling itinerary form \"we're dedicated to getting you to your destination as soon as possible\" is not true."
"I have never been particularly impressed by any US airline but this Delta Air Lines trip to fly Seattle to Moscow via Paris takes the cake in terms of incompetence and lack of accountability. The flight was SEA-CDG-SVO and was initially meant to depart at 1:00pm. First delay was 4 hours for mechanical issues. This meant a rebooking of my connecting flight, no problem. Around 5:00pm, still no plane in sight. Around 6pm, announcement that plane was here and being prepped but needed to be fueled for the trip and the crew is about to be timed out so once the plane is ready, you better be ready to board. No problem. After more than 5 hours and only a couple of slices of cold pizza as compensation, we were ready to get out of there. Once boarded another announcement, some passengers did not board (they were the smart ones), so their bags have to be removed. One hour later, another announcement, as anticipated, crew is about to time out, solution is that we fly to MKE and change crew there (assured that there will be fresh crew in MKE - right). But then there is too much fuel on the plane, as it was meant to be a transatlantic flight. So have to remove some fuel in order to fly to MKE. An hour later, why have we not moved and why has air conditioning on the plane been turned off? They can’t figure out how to remove the excess fuel and turned off air conditioning to facilitate the removal but forgot to turn it back on! So around 9:00pm, rumors start circulating amongst the crew and those standing at the open door and gangway that the flight might be cancelled. At this point, that almost sounds like a blessing. By the time the announcement is made at 9:30pm that the flight is being cancelled, many of those in the know have already left the plane. So a mad rush to get off the plane and get rebooked and situated for the night. At time of rebooking they assure us that the same flight will be OK to go the next day at noon. Put you up at a hotel and here is a $15 meal voucher. Since its 10:00pm already, not a lot open at the airport to get a meal at. But weary and blurry-eyed, we are thankful for anything. Next day, refreshed for a night’s sleep and hopeful to finally get out of SEA, arrive at the airport again, go through the same drill, get through security, great, flight is still on time, go get coffee and walk to gate. Fellow passenger stops me mid-way to gate and tells me don’t bother, the flight has been cancelled again! Go to customer service and try to get rebooked. Get to customer service and line is a mile long and not moving. Opt to jump on the phone and try to get a flight. Lady on the phone rebooks me on a flight SEA-MSP-AMS-SVO. That’s one more leg than I’d like but heck, get me out of SEA! It is now 11:26am, the flight to MSP is scheduled to depart at 11:30am from a gate that I have to take an airport train to get to. Booking agent assures me that the departure time is actually 11:50am so I have time. Finally get rebooked, rush to gate. Get there at 11:32am. Gate has closed! Gate agent firmly states that flight was scheduled for 11:30, I am late and doors are closed. At this point, I am near tears. How do I get out of this airport?? My one piece of luck, the gate agent actually relents and reopens gate to let me on."
"I am a long time Delta Air Lines flyer but the new Basic Economy fare allows no choice of seat. They say you can choose at check-in but there is no option to do so when you check-in online. Flew Washington DC to Atlanta, I ended up at the back of the plane for a flight which I had purchased 3 months in advance. Also, you can't use the e-pass which makes getting your boarding pass a lot more difficult."
"Delta Air Lines flight from Raleigh–Durham to Albuquerque via Atlanta was delayed 1hr 25min waiting for crew to arrive on another flight. Then came the aircraft change. I purchased a First Class ticket and was seated in seat 4B before the change. After change I was seated in Economy Comfort seat 16C. When the flight finally left RDU seats 5B/5C were empty, yet having paid for First Class I was left in Economy Comfort seat 16C. Arrived in ATL and discovered my flight to ABQ was still there, the reason, waiting for flight crew from my flight from RDU to ATL. Rode First class ATL-ABQ, however, my 2 bags didn't ride at all. One stayed in ATL and the other took a flight to SLC. The 2 bags did arrive at 1 PM the next day. Not a happy passenger. Biggest problem with Delta was nobody cared or wanted to hear about my problem. I think I am finished with Delta."
"Flew Delta Air Lines from San Francisco to Montreal via Minneapolis/St Paul. I gave this trip 6/10 because the first flight was terrible, but the second was great. On the first flight, everything went wrong. My seat didn't recline, the flight attendants frequently ignored me, my window was stuck, there was no entertainment system whatsoever, and the flight arrived late at Minneapolis, which left me no time to get lunch. The second flight was better. The seats were spacious, the flight attendants were friendly, and best of all, my seat reclined. The only bad part is that we arrived late, yet again, but that's kind of a Delta signature move. I recommend this airline because it's a great low cost carrier for international travel, and it has never let us down before."
"We have flown Delta Air Lines a number of times for the past four years mainly due to the availability of carriers on the dates we require. We will not be booking with them again as things are getting worse. We flew from Amsterdam to Orlando via Minneapolis and again were seated separately as a family, although we booked last year. Online check in did not allow seat allocation as system not available. Staff friendly, food good all considered. On enquiring why we were seated separately we were told because we booked online via a travel agent. I have travelled with many major airlines and have never had this problem. Coming back we checked in online. All okay, phone call automated saying flight was delayed 30 mins, no problem but at check in we were told that our flight was for the next day? So we went to customer services who apologised, and after 5 hours got on a flight with a different carrier via Germany to home taking 35 hours later! I have to say this is the last straw, our flight from Australia to home last year was shorter. We will not be flying with Delta again. Very dissappointed."
"This flight with Delta Air Lines was the worst service I have received. The plane was filthy. There was trash all over the place. The flight attendant was rude. When she started to hand out beverages I asked if I could have a can of Coke and she told me that because of other incompetent flight attendants, she didn't have enough drinks and would only give me a cup. We arrived 20 minutes later than scheduled, which left us 15 minutes to catch our connecting flight out of Detroit to DFW. The pilot never let us know our gate. We were told to look at the monitor when we got off the plane. My 60 year old mother and I had to run 46 gates in 15 minutes, only to arrive at the wrong gate because it had been listed incorrectly. When we arrived at the correct gate with 7 minutes to spare, they had already closed the plane doors and were preparing to take-off. I had to make a huge scene in order for them to re-open the plane doors and let us on the flight. They finally did once I brought up that we were not late and that they were leaving early. After nearly 10 hours of horrible service, we finally arrived in New York. I will never fly Delta Air Lines again."
"I wasn't impressed with Delta when we flew from Seattle to London Heathrow via Minneapolis. No over the head earphones so my husband who uses a hearing aid and only has hearing in one ear could not use the entertainment system at all. The entertainment systems were very small and some touch screens didn't work very well. Mine kept blinking on and off every two seconds which made watching a film difficult. The plane was freezing cold to the point where both me and my husband were physically shivering and it meant we could not sleep on the 9 hour journey at all. We alerted staff of our discomfort several times but they ignored us and the temperature stayed the same. On the shorter flights (3 hours Seattle to Minneappolis) there are entertainment systems but you have to pay $2 for headsets to use them. We tried to purchase a snackbox on board, but they wouldn't accept cash and would only accept card, which would have meant our bank charging us fees. Despite having only one hour changeover to check in for our next flight and go through security at Seattle, we got on the flight, but the airline managed to fail to send our bags, meaning we got them 26 hours after we should on arriving home. I have experienced much better service on other economy services on other airlines."
"BHM-ATL was okay, short (25 mins) but had welcome drink and time for one in the air. Fairly tight connection in ATL, so I was last to board first class cabin. I could see all other passengers had welcome drinks, but no-one offered me one. When I asked I was told I was too late! Things got worse from there. When asked what I wanted to eat the choice was steak or lasagne. I asked what came with the steak and was asked what I meant. I said I meant what comes with the steak? Not a difficult question I thought. So the FA goes back to the galley (I could see it all happen from my seat), opens a foil tray and comes back to my seat with one word - carrots! Talk about taking care of the customers. Eventually when my food arrived, sauce had been spilled all over and somehow under the tray. Not sure if this was intentional or not, but needless to say I didn't eat it! I've seen this kind of behavior before when FA's seem to vent on a customer for unknown reasons - I guess I drew the short straw on this flight. Generally I find Delta an pretty good airline, but this was not their best moment."
"I'm usually very generous with my flight reviews of Delta. I'm a Gold elite and they are the airline of choice to and from the US for me. I think my loyalty has hit a wall. The good: the flight attendants are professional and the entertainment is pretty good as is the schedule options to and from the US from Japan. The bad: old planes, hard seats in business, small AVOD screens, dirty toilets, captains constantly using toilets in business class so passengers are blocked, mediocre food. On top of this, baggage snafu in ATL caused my travel partner and I to miss our connection on the way to RDU and they would not put us on the next available flight until I threw a fit. That's customer service in the US. You have to behave badly to be treated well. I'm considering the hot Japanese carriers on my next trip where I know the food and seats are superior. By the way, my ticket from NRT to ATL was an award ticket. I cannot imagine anyone paying over $5,000 for such an inferior product."
"Its been 12 years since I've flown Delta. It will be another 12 before I even consider it again. Delta was horrible 12 years ago and has only gotten worse. Seats were filthy. We were told we had to check our carry on's because there was no room in the overhead compartments. When we boarded we saw that every compartment on both sides of the aisle behind, above and in front of our seats were totally empty. We waited 35 minutes to get our luggage. I unfortunately lost my cell phone at the gate and although I filed a report have been unable to get any information regarding my property. Humans are unavailable to speak to. Damn me if I get another Delta flight."
"Just arrived after having the worst flight I have ever been on. Delta should lose the seat outside the toilets so you don't have to have inconsiderate people trying to push you over to the next seat with their behinds. This would also make it easier for food service trolleys to get by with out taking out your shoulder."
"Our flight to Barbados from BOS went well with the exception of the dreadful egg wrap on the BOS-ATL leg. We were able to use the Delta lounge before departing BOS since we were in business class. On the return BGI-BOS via ATL flight, ATL Delta Lounge personnel informed us that \"flights to Barbados are not considered international.\" Although our ATL to BOS leg was delayed over two hours (until an 11.15 pm departure), we could not use the Lounge unless we paid a $29 fee per person which we declined. Overall, our expense of flying Business or First Class to the Caribbean was not justified by the service, the food, or other amenities in the air or in the airport. Others should be aware that just because you need a passport to get into your destination, it's not Delta's definition of \"international.\""
"Both outbound and inbound flights, in the evening/night, were more or less on schedule. What was surprising was on these 6 hours' long flights there was no food service, not even the food-for-sale, advertised on a card in the seat pocket. Yes, a packet of peanuts or pretzels were handed out. Furthermore, there was only one drinks service during the long flight. Catering really could be improved on this long, international flight. The plane was old with a minimalist entertainment system; there was a TV monitor hanging at intervals in the cabin and a movie was played. Free headsets were distributed. The crew distributed Canada immigration forms on board but did not have enough for all. I chose these flights for being non-stop but in retrospect, might have enjoyed the journey with a stop-over or flown a different carrier (e.g., Cathay Pacific) instead."
"Delta is a standard airline, flight quality is average, but there customer service is so poor. I have been a Delta SkyMiles member for years and have had a few problems here and there but nothing serious until today. I tried to switch my connecting flight to New Orleans to a direct flight where there are 10 open economy seats. I was told that there were only first class seats and after showing the people at the Delta kiosk that they were wrong they got on the phone and then told me it was too late to switch even though the flight I would like to switch to does not board for two hours. The whole process took about 30 minutes and the staff was not the least bit sincere. I won't arrive into New Orleans until midnight, even though there are 10 empty seats on a flight that lands at 9.30. Terrible customer service, and genuinely poor business practices."
"Delta, as a whole, was very inconsiderate of the 'paying' customers. Measly snacks, hard seats, cold cabin, and when it comes to connecting flights - forget it. We were connecting to another Delta plane, which was the last to the east coast for the night and they refused to hold the flight despite the arriving flight from Denver being delayed. The \"help\" they gave us was useless and to say their customer service was inconsiderate would be an understatement"
"Flight was delayed, the seats are very uncomfortable to sleep in as the headrest does not stay in place. Staff acted irritated when I asked them about this. The extra legroom seats feel very narrow, and I'm 160 lbs and 5'11\". The plane was freezing the entire flight, and the entertainment system was not working for the first 2 hours of the flight. An awful experience for $850."
"My family and I were getting ready to fly to Hawaii on a family vacation. Due to mileage reasons, we had to fly Delta though we usually fly Alaska. When we arrived at the airport and checked in at the Delta front desk to check our bags, they're seemed to be a bit of confusion regarding our 3 hour layover in San Jose. However, the lady at the desk assured us that everything was cleared up and our bags would make it on the plane with us. After a 3 hour flight delay and having to get off the plane because a flight attendant got injured, we finally took off, barely making our connecting flight in San Jose (we landed at 6.10, got off at 6.20 and our flight was taking off at 6.35). We had to sprint to our connecting flight. After arriving in Hawaii, our bags never arrived at baggage claim. We weren't too concerned at first, thinking that the bags probably just didn't make our connecting flight in San Jose but would be sent over shortly after. After waiting for the next flight arriving from Seattle to see if our bags came on that flight, they never did. Long story short, we ended up never getting our bags until 4 days after arriving in Hawaii. The whole thing was an absolute nightmare and my family and I will never be flying Delta again."
"Flew LAX to YVR. Check-in at LAX was actually a wonderful experience. Checked-in at the dedicated first class area, staff were polite and helpful. Departure from LAX was delayed one hour. On board the seat was filthy, seat pocket full of dirty napkins and plastic from the previous flight. The fast turn around in LA obviously did not include a cleaning of the cabin. Cabin crew seemed very inexperienced. Only one flight attendant serving first. Took meal and drink order one at a time, then went back and very slowly prepared it. I cannot say she was rude, but she was not pleasant either. Just robotic in her job. No offer of second drinks, or any ongoing service for the rest of the flight. She just stood in the galley, playing with her phone. When we were close to descent for Vancouver, I asked her if we were going to receive any arrival documentation for customs. She replied, \"oh yeah, I forgot about that!\" She and her coworker than proceeded to distribute the forms as we began our descent. Arrived in Vancouver about 45 minutes late. All in all, the fare was cheap, but so was the service. Perhaps I expect too much from North American based airlines."
"First we flew LAX to Savannah via Atlanta. The plane was late every step of the way. My twin 9 year olds and I were going for a small vacation, then to pick up a dog in Valdosta, GA and back home to LA. The LAX personnel with only one exceptional woman were surly and unhelpful. Because I was picking up a dog on the way back, I couldn't pick up my boarding pass electronically. The lines for help were long and the electronic rejection gave no answer. I tried to get help from 3 different Delta personnel, these were women who were recounting their evenings the night before and had no desire and felt no need to interrupt their gossip with work. Finally I found a friendly face among in the Delta line-up and this woman helped. The air crew was surly. Didn't think it was their job to help put up a bag. Turned up her little nose when my son asked for a drink. Atlanta to Savannah they held us on the tarmac 2 hours. Horrible. The way back was even worse. They were nice enough in Valdosta - which is so tiny they sort of have to be - nevertheless they body-searched an 80 year old woman in security. As usual the plane was delayed at Atlanta. Here there was no help available once you got there. Surly personnel. As a Amex Platinum card carrier, I was told I had the right to use the Delta Lounge. Since I was carrying a puppy and had my boys, we went to the lounge. The rude pretentiousness was shocking, and they refused to let us in the lounge. I called Amex and filed a protest and they called - but at that point I'd seen the pitiful offerings and decided to take the kids to PF Changs. The flight to LA was delayed 1.5 hours. When I got to the gate, I asked the girl at the desk what time the plane would actually board. The rude young women snapped at m: \"I just said that it would be in 1/2 an hour...\" I answered her: Obviously I just got here and didn't hear you or I wouldn't ask. Really, Delta? This is who you consider an appropriate employee? That's professional? Other passengers were complaining about her and about her male cohort. To board the plane it was complete chaos. Like being in a Third World country with a free-for-all at boarding - starting from the front rather than the back - so there is the inevitable bottleneck, and no clear instructions anyway. Again the flight crew think they're above helping with a bag. They're too busy to bring a meal mid-flight - for a child! Surliness, snootiness. Bad attitude. I thought United was bad. Delta is the worst. If I can avoid it, I'm not going back."
"The flight was okay in general. However, staff service could be better and food could be highly improved. I go to Japan a lot and I'm used to stellar Japanese service, so I never had high hopes for service, but cabin crew were a little rude at times. I left a drink for them to collect and they were saying something like \"It seems like a waste\" and then took the drink. Not that I could finish it because it was right before landing. Very cold plane in my view. Seats were okay and IFE was okay. Dinner was regular but breakfast was terrible. The egg and sausage looked and tasted worse than a fast food restaurant. I could not get a return flight for a good price, and I don't know about other airlines, but when I changed my flight for a second time due to illness, they charged you 4k or more just for economy. No upgrades or anything. I ended up switching to another airline to get home. Again I was not too happy with Delta, but I wasn't expecting Japan-level service. Probably the best airline overall in terms of international travel in the USA."
"Flying on Delta's 757-200 on the Orlando - Detroit route is like flying in a coffin. This plane should be in the museum and not in the air. The plane is old. First class seats are ancient. Cabin is falling apart - the protective plexiglass window by my seat was cracked on the side. The service was dated. The red blanket given was made out of pure synthetics giving me so much static electricity. The only good part to the flight was that the breakfast wasn't all that bad. Besides all that, with a purchased first class ticket, we were not allowed to use their Sky Club lounge. Wasn't expecting much - but got even less than that."
"We were notified 2 hours before our boarding time that our flight was cancelled and that we had been rebooked on a flight 5 hours later. After calling a Delta representative for an explanation she informed us that we had to talk to a \"Delta representative\" which required a 30 minute wait in the airport at their \"special services\" line. This representative told us there was nothing she could do. After waiting 7 hours in the airport we boarded our new flight and proceeded to sit at the terminal in a 90 degree full plane for 30 minutes as they worked on repairs to the plane. They attempted to connect exterior air conditioning to the plane but that unit was also not working. After 30 minutes they told us to grab our luggage and disboard. Currently still waiting at the gate 30 minutes after we were supposed to land in Portland. Never flying Delta again!"
"I was on a trip going to Miami from New York and the flight was delayed 3 hours. On my return it was delayed two hours. The food was not great, the seat comfort was horrible. The staff were very nice on the flight back. Overall the delays are unacceptable."
"On both trips going up to Hartford out of Atlanta and coming back to Fort Myers from Atlanta we had no room for carry-ons, they had to be placed under our feet. Made for an uncomfortable trip and both times we spent more than 20 minutes waiting for luggage both going to Hartford and coming back from Hartford. I know they talk about 2500 miles if you wait more than 20 minutes for luggage but we haven't received any word on that. We've flown Delta in the past. But definitely will have second thoughts before using them again."
"Coming from Paris to Newark, the plane I was on had 2 out of 3 generators fail, so we had to make an emergency landing at Goose Bay, Newfoundland. We had to stay on the aircraft from 3pm until 11pm with malfunctioning air-conditioning and toilets. During this time we received one small cheese sandwich and a chocolate bar. The Delta Hub in Atlanta said they would send a plane, then after 3 hours of waiting, the pilot received word that it had not even taken off. When the 'rescue plane' finally arrived after everyone (260 approx) being in the plane for 8 hours, we sat on the rescue plane for another 50 minutes until we finally took off at 12.10am. I arrived at Newark to find my bag had been sent to Atlanta. Because of all of this I missed a connecting flight. I write this from Newark airport, still not reaching my destination of LA. This is not the first time I have had an issue with Delta."
"Had to connect at Detroit to Boston. Flight landed at Detroit around 2.55, for a 3.20 connection. Talked to the flight attendent, who assured us multiple times that we would be able to make it to our connection. We ended up being excessively late. I normally wouldn't be upset about something like this, but I have been on several flights where they let off people that needed to reach a connection quickly. There was an available solution and the employee failed to use it."
"We arrived at JFK, checked in and promptly went through to the departure lounge. Bought our Duty/Tax free shopping, to be told we couldn't purchase it from that particular shop as we needed to go to a different terminal via bus. After a fiasco trying to find the lounge (building works going on and no clear notices), we'd walked the full length of the terminal to find our lounge had no Tim Horton's. Well it did, but it was in the domestic flight section, separated by a rope and we weren't allowed to duck under to get coffee so had to go all the way back to the far end of the terminal to get a coffee from Starbucks. That done, we went to find Duty/Tax free shop. When we asked a member of staff where the Duty free shop was, she smirked at us and said there wasn't one. Had I known this I'd have made my purchases prior to my flight to the States. Then we boarded our flight. The seats were ancient and everywhere appeared dirty. I'm 5'1 but was squashed into my seat which was lumpy and not comfortable at all. Dinner smelt like a cheap microwave meal and looked very unappealing. The staff weren't particularly helpful. My husband had medication to take, it took 3 attempts after requesting water for a glass to be brought to him."
"This is my first flight with Delta. It will also be my last. The cost of the tickets was outrageous for a 2 hr flight but it was a present for my daughters so I reluctantly paid it because it had desirable departure times and no layovers. The flight was to leave at 9.35 am. They texted at 5 am to say the flight was delayed until 11.11. Just as I was walking out the door I noticed another text saying it was now going out at 12.15. As long as I had time I decided to check in online. There I was informed that my flight had been cancelled but 'don't worry, we've rebooked you on a different flight. Yes, one that leaves at 5.03 pm, lays over in Cleveland and doesn't arrive in NY until 10.00 pm. Wonderful, my daughters are already on their way to the airport, one having sat for an extra hour waiting due to the initial delay."
"I fly a lot with Delta ans was always happy but this is the first time I need to deal with customer service and I'm super disappointed. I ask a question and keep getting a standard response which you can see is taken from a general sheet 'how to answer questions' which does not fit my question at all. And I can't seem to get one contact and one email from anyone to answer. It's now going back and forth since 14 emails and 2 calls and I have not received a response as per why they did what they did. Very disappointing."
"This is not an acceptable C class. The seats feel short, the pitch is tight and you really can't recline much if you want to somewhat respectful of the person behind you. Service is basic, no cocktails, no nuts, a plate of just about edible dinner with a glass of undrinkable wine right after take off. Engine noise is deafening. Hard to believe that Delta is able to deliver credible premium service on other routes. On the plus side, the FAs were personable, the southbound itinerary is convenient and the flight ran on time."
"We'd already flown Delta NYC to Nashville and were happy with it for shorter flights. However we were unhappy with business class Atlanta to London. It was either stiflingly hot or freezing cold. The seats were meant to lie flat and the advertising shows a woman lying on her side on the flattened seat. Interestingly she is a petite woman as anyone of average size would only be able to lie on their back when the seats are reclined as the legs are enclosed by the seat in front. My husband (who luckily likes to sleep on his back) and I swapped seats half way through as my seat was faulty and would not recline at all but I was still unable to sleep because of the seat configuration. I am a woman of average size. When my husband took it over he fiddled to see if he could get it a bit better and succeeded in releasing the leg rest which then became stuck so he spent the rest of the flight bolt upright with semi-raised legs even for landing! The two younger female flight attendants were pleasant and tried to help but the older chief stewardess for Business was curt and initially asked me what I had done to the seat! As there were no spare seats in business and no first class section she was unable to re-seat me. They tried manually fixing it and re-setting the seat, remotely, electronically but didn't return to see if it had worked - I had to call them again - and and finally (after 30 minutes of wrangling with it) the head stewardess said the magic words \"sorry about this\" (the one and only apology). Really she couldn't have cared less and when she handed out mints at the end of the flight she didn't ask how it had gone or apologise again. The food was very poor for business class (compared to BA for instance) and my husband's gluten free food was functional mainly consisting of fruit especially melon though his chicken main course was actually better than my standard meal. Breakfast consisted of granola (so sweet it was horrible) or eggs and he got a dry bread roll which was unheated (most gluten free bread is only palatable when heated) and a very poor quality gf sausage. There is such a huge range of gluten free foods now that it seems as if the airline's caterers are just not trying. Food was certainly no better than economy and fell short of Virgin Premium Economy which we flew out with. We chose Delta and the route because it had the best connections but next time we'll avoid Delta long haul."
"Delta is running a scam by calling this cabin first class. The seats, although slightly wider than in coach, do not recline, have no footrests, no phone or computer chargers. The leg room is only about 5 inches more than in coach. On my outbound flight, I had to pay for watching movies or television-any kind of television. The food is inedible. I've flown premium economy on other airlines (BA, Virgin Atlantic) that was much better than this."
"Got to the gate 2 hours early, while changing my seat number with the Delta rep she frivolously pointed out that the plane wasn't there yet and she had no idea why. Long story short our plane was scheduled for a routine engine change on account of reaching so many miles. No one in the tower or the boarding team was aware of this. No matter who's fault it was the point is they obviously can't communicate and manage the airline effectively. Pathetic customer is service - it consisted of blaming the tower and pushing back the departure time every 15 minutes with full confidence that it would leave then. Well, it didn't. Eventually they got a a new plane and it left 2.5 hours late. I had a connection flight that I missed as a result."
"The Delta staff at Savannah Airport were so disgruntled, and the weather delays only caused the gate staff more confusion. Thanks to Delta, my wife and I have to sleep in a really nasty hotel room somewhere in nowhere Detroit because they were unwilling to help put us up for the night. Their advice was to take the Sky Miles packs and spend the night in the airport. Thanks for the toothbrush. Help with my luggage? Nope! We don't recommend trying to get your luggage off whatever belt it may have been diverted too. Help with a room? Nope. Take your travel kits and be on your way! Make a phone call to try to obtain help? Nope! Person on the other end of the line can't really speak very good English. $1200 got me stuck in Detroit on my way to Kansas City, in the nastiest room ever, without mine and my wife's medication because Delta take your money, but don't provide any quality of service."
"Booked Delta via UK agent over 3 months in advance, despite early booking we had no choice of seating, sat near back of plane, Delta customer service re moving forward no response until day of flight then lip service, leaking air valve overhead and uncomfortable hard seats. Same for return flight via JFK, worse still Delta charge for checked baggage for internal flight (rip-off) as paid in full for complete journey, over a $1000 each for economy. One lady only doing everything on both sides of plane, so long waits. Ear phones useless for films. Will book elsewhere in future."
"Horrible experience. Left the gate in Norfolk late. Waited on the taxiway for 20 minutes prior to takeoff, allegedly due to a stoppage at Laguardia, the connecting city. One bathroom on the plane, which was dirty. Arrived at Laguardia a tad late, but not so late as to miss the connection. Then we sat on the taxiway at Laguardia for an hour because our gate was occupied, and missed our connection to Halifax. Now stuck in Laguardia from 11:30 am until 6:10 pm, arriving Nova Scotia at 9:30 pm. Half a day of vacation blown. Laguardia has nothing to do inside the airport. Delta refuses to comp anything. This was not a weather delay. We are traveling with a couple who are Delta premium members. They went to the customer service desk in the private Skyclub to try to get something in the way of a comp. No satisfaction. They asked for a supervisor, who refused to even come to the service desk. Delta doesn't give a damn about customer service."
"Be warned. Purchasing a first class ticket does not allow you to use the Delta lounge Boston airport. There are a number of exclusions that were not disclosed when the ticket was purchased. This is the first time I have encountered this. Disappointed and very unlikely to travel with Delta Air Lines again."
"I was flying out on vacation with my husband and 2 children. Our flight was supposed to leave on June 24 at 6.05am with a connection in JFK at 9.10am. Our first flight was delayed due to the weather from the previous night. They told us that the plane was not able to complete its full route to Philly and had to stay in Baltimore because of the rain the night before. We were told that the plane was supposed to arrive to Philly airport around 8am, making its departure to JFK at 8.40am. After waiting for 3 hrs, they started delaying the flight every 20 mins until finally we were able to board at 10.40am, making us miss our connecting flight to the Dominican Republic. Before leaving Philly they rebooked our connecting flight to 2pm. After getting to JFK and almost ready to board the next flight, they said that the plane had some mechanical problem and the flight was delayed 2 hrs, when finally we were about to board that plane, we were told that we were not booked for that flight even though we had seats numbers. They sent us to customer service where they wanted to rebook our flight for the following day with no accommodation, I argued and they put us on the following flight that night at 10.30pm. After boarding this flight they made us wait inside the plane for about an hour before leaving. After almost 24 hours of delays and waiting we finally got to our destination at 3.30 in the morning. Our baggage did not arrive on the same flight. Its a shame how unorganized Delta has become."
"Comfort plus is nearly worth the upgrade fee - seat is still poor but leg room is good. Baggage delayed by more than 48 hours with the most insincere of apologies from the online folks. The staff, however, were great."
"The TV, music and wifi service was not working. When we landed, we sat on the Tarmac for 45 minutes with the smell of jet fuel in the cabin. It was a horribly long and uncomfortable wait that made us late"
"On the way to Key West our plane was delayed 3 hours. They delayed it after we had boarded, so we had to stay in the hot airplane with no air conditioning. We were told our best option was to check our bags because there wasn't much room on board. They told us our bags would reach our final destination. When we arrived in Key West mine, nor my families bags were on the carousel. We were told they were still sitting at Atlanta airport. We finally got them the next day. Flying back we also had a delay for 2 hours for no reason. We were not allowed to exit the plane. Flying with Delta was the worst experience I have encountered."
"The first flight was running 45 min behind for what Delta staff said was \"no reason why\". Then in Atlanta we ran to catch the other flight arriving early still to board. We were told that our seats had been given away. We explained we were early and there was no reason given why our seats were given away. We found out the flight was 55 people overbooked. We were told we could wait in the aireport until we could get another flight. This happened over and over to others too. We finally got the flight out of ATL on Delta."
"I started this trip on Wednesday July 1 from Raleigh North Carolina. The flight was delayed from leaving there to come to Atlanta and I missed my connect flight to Brazil. We final get to the Atlanta airport to find out we couldn't leave until 7pm on July 2. We were stuck at airport until then. We try to check in July 2 for 7 pm fight to find out that Delta did not rebook our flights the way they confirmed they had. They did fix that so we wait till 7pm for our plane out. Well after waiting for hours and hours we board out going plane. Then after 30 min on plane they tell us there is a problem with the plane mechanics, so we un board the plane and wait. Delay after delay, then at 11 pm we are allowed to board the plane again only to be told after 20 min the flight was delayed till 8 am on July 3! There was not offer for help or compensation of an sort."
"The flight was delayed. The boarding process was unorganized and a complete mess. We were the last ones to board and by the time we got to the entrance, my bag was automatically taken to be sent with the rest of the cargo because the flight was full and there was no space. When I check the cabins inside, I saw spaces available. The crew/staff didn't even check to see if there was space which proves how unprofessional this airline is. I paid for my ticket and only brought this bag. The crew were also unprofessional and tried to argue the fact that once the bag is checked that there was nothing for them to do and that's how things are. I guess poor food and delayed flights are not the only things that best described the service and reputation of Delta."
"After purchasing a ticket for my 14 year old son months in advance, I was very upset after arriving at Orlando International Airport at 4am to be told there would be am additional $150 fee for him. No where when I purchased the ticket did it tell me I'd be charged at the airport, wouldn't you think they would have charged me upfront when I paid for the ticket? If that wasn't bad enough I was told that because of the short period if time before the aircraft was due to depart, 1 hr, if he didn't make the flight there would be an additional $50 fee to get him on the next flight. We were at the airport at 3.30am, not my fault that Delta's counters don't open until 4am. It's bad enough that Delta is one of the more expensive airlines that doesn't offer free WiFi, but the agents at the counter were rude and unsympathetic."
"I flew from YYC-ATL, with a stop in Salt Lake City. Check in was very slow and the person behind the desk was very rude. Our flight to Salt Lake City was 2 hours late. The seats were very uncomfortable, they were very hard and had little cushioning. The flight attendants were all rude and glared at you every time you had a request. The bathrooms were some of the filthiest I have experienced. Salt Lake City Airport was dirty and confusing, we had 55 minutes to make our connecting flight and nearly missed it because of the long time it took to change terminals. The flight from Salt Lake City to Atlanta was the same."
"We started out in Boston. Our flight was delayed an hour which was no ones fault. It was because of weather. However after we boarded the plane the isles was full of passengers with carry on's and no room in overhead bins. Flight Attendant created confusion trying to rush us in our seats. They took all 4 of my family's bags and rudely told us they would arrive in SLC our final destination. A diff Attendant handed me 2 baggage labels. I started to ask why 2 instead of 4 and ignored me and rushed up the isle. Because of delay we missed our connection. The Delta staff at JFK were horrible! Very short and acted annoyed that they had to give us directions to catch the new later connection. We arrived at the new gate to more Very rude Delta staff. Our tickets said not assigned so I stood in line at the gate to find out our new seats. When I approached the Delta staff I was told to sit down she was working on assigning seats (several passengers missed the connection). I tried to request that seats together because we were traveling with children on a 5 hour flight. She firmly told me to sit down. I felt like an idiot. They put us on the very back row with seats that partially reclined. Let's just say it was a long 5hours. After arriving in SLC 3hours later at midnight, only 3 out of the 4 bags that the rushing flight attendant took from us in the aisle arrived. Went to bag help and another employee who said he could only take a report because they didn't have record that they checked 4 bags only 2 - Delta did give us a 1888 number to call. Avoid flying Delta at all cost."
"Delta/Air France to and from Paris and both times our Delta flight was a problem. On the way out they bumped us from Comfort to Economy with no notice and put me in a middle seat when we had requested 2 aisles. A nice customer service person went into our reservation and could see that we had been bumped but had no idea why. On the way back Delta had no record of our reservation but since we had proof they managed to squeeze us onto the plane after trying to get us to take one 2 hours later. Needless to say we didn't get Comfort on that leg. We were told we would get a refund on our credit card but so far nothing. Luckily we saved everything and have printed tickets, not an eticket."
"On June 23rd Delta cancelled our layover flight home to Calgary. They gave 1 hour notice and could only rebook our flight 20 hrs later. Our flight was marked as mechanical problems and Delta advised customers that we had to provide our own hotel room since they \"ran out of hotels due to multiple flights cancelled that day\". After being on the phone with several agents and talking to associates at the airport we were advised to find our own hotel and submit it to Delta for possible reimbursement. The next day I spoke to a supervisor and she informed me that Delta airlines does not issue reimbursements and she could only give it in a form of a travel voucher for our next flight. I then phoned their customer care team and they told me the same thing only instead they could offer me an iTunes gift card."
"DCA-MSP flight went smoothly. Smooth connection at MSP. MSP-NRT flight has many pros and cons. The seat was very comforatable compared to other airlines combined with a satisfactory IFE. The food could be much much better. I had chicken teriyaki for my supper and that was acceptable, but breakfast was horrible. The appearance was bad enough, the egg looking like a wet sponge without any air pockets and the sausage was burnt. But the taste was even worse. The fruit was acceptable. To end on a good note, the arrival at NRT went very well and smoothly."
"I made a reservation with Delta airlines in April 2015 for travel in July. I am a single father traveling with two small children (ages 6 and 10) and booked far in advance and in First class so that I could sit with my children. I was informed 24 hours ago that our seats had been changed and that I would not be seated with my children. When I called Delta to inquire (and after waiting more than 2 hours to speak to a representative) I was told there was nothing that they could do and that my children would have to sit by themselves. Despite the obvious safety concerns, there is no way that I can assist my children with beverages or bathroom breaks if needed. If you are a single parent, do not fly Delta. Not family friendly."
"Brussels to JFK. Horrible check-in procedure. Unable to check in online, then checked in at airport but without assigned seat. Result: sitting separate from my boyfriend while I am afraid to fly. At check in counter not very helpful, lady (though friendly) said she couldn't do anything and that we had to wait until boarding. At gate itself they're trying to get us to sit next to each other but difficulties since flight is fully booked. Not impressed with customer service and we were not informed by email, when booking, or at check-in that there were paid seats as an option and that the free seats were given away and that is why we were assigned no seat number."
"JFK to LAX. We were apprehensive about flying Delta but got a good price on this mid afternoon flight. Bought Delta comfort to see if this improved the experience. Flight left on time. Seats were ok food poor but attendants were friendly and aircraft wasn't in as bad a condition as we had expected. Overall an ok experience."
"$600 for the less than 2 hour flight 1377 (PHL-RDW) booked 2 weeks in advance was daylight robbery. The 30 minute line at the baggage drop caused entirely by staff shortage added insult to injury. But never mind the flight was delayed by over an hour anyway."
"My wife and I were booked on Delta flight 7 leaving Dubai at 9.45 pm. There was a mechanical problem with the plane these things happen. We were advised to go wait in a nearby Business Class lounge and wait for an announcement which never occurred. I walked back to the gate only to then discover that the flight had been cancelled and no announcement had been made the gate agent even admitted this. The rebooking was a nightmare we finally left Dubai two days later and had to endure the same rude gate agents who were more concerned with talking on their cell phones and playing around than taking care of the customers. Most of the agents did not speak even a small amount of English they were not organized and clearly not professionals. I have flown with Delta for over 11 years this is the worst experience I have ever had."
"We booked first class seating for the midnight to dawn flight from LAX (USA) to (SJO) San Jose Costa Rica so we would have lay flat seats and a good LAX lounge to use while we waited for our midnight flight. The seats did not lay flat. Delta cabin staff explained that lay flat seats are only available on First Class international flights over water. Obviously Delta executives do not regard a 5 hour overnight flight to another country as an international flight. The safety briefing was a screen based childish cartoon. The First Class cabin was old and tired. There was an unfinished soft drink bottle in my seat pocket. There was no inflight magazine for my seat. Upon requesting one I was handed a creased and folded one by a surly female cabin attendant. The Delta lounge in LAX was dirty and unkempt. Complementary drinks were limited to Bud Beer or a house white/red - anything else had to be paid for. Food was mixed nuts or pretzels. Undoubtedly the second worst flight I had the displeasure to undertake. The worst flight was the return from SJO to LAX. It compromised all the above plus the following. Upon taking our seat we were offered a glass of sparkling wine. Take off was delayed for 40min while a seat was repaired. We asked for a second glass of wine to while away the tarmac delay and was told that they only had one bottle for the flight and they had already used it. Classy eh? On arrival at LAX our priority First Class luggage was one of the last off - so much for the priority tag. I can only wonder how well Delta aircraft are maintained if this is their penny pinching standard in First Class. My view is that one should avoid Delta at all costs."
"LAX-SJO DL1388 1 May 2015. SJO-LAX DL1396 11 May 2015. We booked first class seating for the midnight to dawn flight from LAX (USA) to (SJO) San Jose Costa Rica so we would have layflat seats and a good LAX lounge to use while we waited for our midnight flight. The seats did not lay flat. Delta cabin staff explained that layflat seats are only available on First Class international flights over water. Obviously Delta executives do not regard a 5 hour overnight flight to another country as an international flight even though some of it was across the Pacific Ocean. The safety briefing was a screen based childish cartoon. Flight safety is serious business. A safety briefing by a cabin attendant reinforces that. Downplay it with a cartoon gives the impression that its all one big joke. The First Class cabin was old and tired. There was an unfinished soft drink bottle in my seat pocket. There was no inflight magazine for my seat. Upon requesting one I was handed a creased and folded one by a surly female cabin attendant. The Delta lounge in LAX was dirty and unkempt. Complementary drinks were limited to Bud Beer or a house white/red - anything else had to be paid for. Food was mixed nuts or pretzels. Undoubtedly the second worst flight I had the displeasure to undertake. The worst flight was the return from SJO to LAX. It comprised all the above plus the following. Upon taking our seat we were offered a glass of sparkling wine. Take off was delayed for 40 min while a seat was repaired. We asked for a second glass of wine to while away the tarmac delay and was told that they only had one bottle for the flight and they had already used it. Classy eh? On arrival at LAX our priority First Class luggage was one of the last off - so much for the priority tag. I can only wonder how well Delta aircraft are maintained if this is their penny pinching standard in First Class. My view is that one should avoid Delta at all costs."
"Looked forward to Delta Comfort on recent flight from DFW to Minn. Delta changed planes so there was no Delta Comfort. I was relegated to a window seat. Delta could not get their act together on reassigning seats so the boarding process was terribly slow and disorganized. I fly Delta to Minn because I have to not because I want to. I don't think American's customer service or organization is great but it's better than this. If you can use another airline."
"DL2311 on May 2nd 2015. JFK-MIA lounge with very poor. Some snacks some drinks but you have to pay if you want by example a bottle beer. Flight was packed in first class Boeing 717 in fact a DC9 which showed its age. First class is a real joke."
"Flew DL1162 LAX-JFK on 05/11. We were booked on this flight after missing connecting QF flight from MEL. I was seated in an aisle seat next to the emergency exit plenty of legroom possibly the most comfortable seat I've been on (having only flown economy). The snacks and drinks were fine the cabin crew were attentive. However it is simply wrong that you cannot use the entertainment system during take-off and landing. Overall quite average service nothing particularly bad however I still would prefer QF if I had the choice."
"We flew to Phoenix from Montreal with a Detroit connection and cannot believe what is passing for a decent airline experience in the US these days (the return on American Airlines was just as bad). The least passengers should expect from an airline is a seat that is not torn and filthy a plane that leaves on time and that arrives on one piece. Fine the flight did those things but are we supposed to be impressed? The plane was packed and tiny. No room for hand luggage for many passengers. Old plane - I mean really old. No movies or Ipads. Somewhat encouraged by the Wifi on board until we discovered you had to pay for it and it did not work well anyway. Business class looked like economy class five to seven years ago. Seats were small and do not get me started on the pitch. Dilapidated and depressing two other words starting with \"D\". Delta needs a makeover. I have new insight into why Air Canada is rated the best airline in North America. The bar is so very low."
"Return flight JFK-BOG business class. Awful dirty DL Skyclub at terminal 4 wherein all drinks and food have to be paid for except for mediocre house wines warm domestic beers and yes popcorn. Flight left 30 minutes late. Rude disinterested crew barely greeted the boarding passengers. Same ancient 757 with fairly comfortable lie flat seating. Were served an awful breakfast at midnight instead of dinner with no explanations. Then crew gathered in the front galley screaming and laughing bothering paying J class passengers that were trying to sleep. One of the pilots occupied seat 1A beside me without even saying hello. Unbelievable. Finally the crew forgot customs forms to entry BOG they didn't even knew they existed so we had to get them upon arrival. Luggage arrived one hour after arrival. Never again."
"I flew Business on an international flight aboard 767-300. The experience in the Business class is probably one of the worst due to the layout of the cabin. The Galley is in the front and in order for the flight attendants to service the plane down to the middle of the standard economy class they must go through the Business class cabin to reach the areas to the back. On other airlines such as ANA they have an extra Galley behind the Business and Premium Economy class seats so that there may be a separation in service and noise. The design of the seating arrangement in the Business class is much tighter in the Delta with its bulky boxy full-flat system that the flight attendants' hard foot steps with their high-heels can be felt bouncing through the walls of the full-flat system. What kind of flooring did they use in the aisle? Why do the horrible footsteps and cart sounds transmit so much to the boxy seat system? I could not rest quietly or comfortably as the massive loud obnoxious footsteps of passengers and flight attendants alike can be felt all throughout the flight. No courtesy there obviously no company policy there obviously to make the flight attendants wear something more quiet on their feet or to be more considerate when running down the aisle! The temperature control of the full-flat system is lacking. The seats themselves feel fine but they become very hot after a while and there is no air around the seat or your feet so there is no way to cool down. The attitude of the flight attendants is about what you would expect from a classless American transport company fairly lacking in manners and they treat you as if you're on a flying bus (as they have always done). The Flight Safety video is a joke as they intended it to be but it certainly doesn't make anybody feel safe as nobody remembers the actual safety bits but remembers the comedy bits! A total waste of time and energy and most certainly conveys what I said earlier about the attitude of the airline. It feels like a cheap low-class flying commuter bus service and they'll treat you like that."
"JFK to LHR possibly the worst flight and service I have experienced. The cabin crew made it clear that passengers were especially economy were a real inconvenience - the customer service was awful food and beverages dumped on trays and very little interest in the passengers. There was no excuse everyone was polite to the cabin staff and if anything had kicked off it would have been as a result of their rudeness and failure to pay attention. Economy doesn't mean cheap had I been travelling alone I would have travel business but as I was with a group I stayed with them. Compared to Virgin Atlantic and BA Delta is a waste of money will always change the flight or choose another carrier in future once was too much."
"JFK to LHR possibly the worst flight and service I have experienced. The cabin crew made it clear that passengers were especially economy were a real inconvenience - the customer service was awful food and beverages dumped on trays and very little interest in the passengers. There was no excuse everyone was polite to the cabin staff and if anything had kicked off it would have been as a result of their rudeness and failure to pay attention. Economy doesn't mean cheap had I been travelling alone I would have travel business but as I was with a group I stayed with them. Compared to Virgin Atlantic and BA Delta is a waste of money will always change the flight or choose another carrier in future once was too much."
"DL28 Atlanta-Heathrow 16/3/15. Party of 4. Paid $99 upgrade to premium economy (drinks and seating package). We were offered 2 drinks and noticed all economy passengers were offered same FOC. There was little or no discernible difference between our seats and other seats in economy cabin. We were given the wrong food which was awful. The video equipment failed and it took almost 1 hr. to effect a reset. Hostess never did respond to call had to walk up the plane to report video and food issues. Generally a \"could not be bothered\" attitude."
"Generally I like Delta airlines however they need to have the staff designing connection between small and large airports try to make those flights when the weather isn't perfect. I have had numerous bad experiences connecting between Madison WI and Detroit MI on my way to Boston. I have had to run from one end of DTW to the other end change terminals i.e. run from B to A. I am a Medallion level passenger. Delta needs to work with the Detroit Metro Airport to get connecting flights closer together."
"I used to recommend flying Delta to friends and family. I fly very often and they used to do a great job. This past time while flying they disregarded the seats that I had chosen and put me in the very back row on all of my flights. I get very bad anxiety back there and was very unhappy with this. When I kindly and calmly asked them about this they told me that you now need to pay extra in order to choose a seat ahead of time. Flights are already starting to cost a lot more so there is no way that I am going to pay extra for a seat every time that I fly. I will never fly Delta again as long as they operate this way."
"Flew NYC-CDG via DTW on Delta. The positive point is I was upgraded to First Class on the US journey but this isn't worth it you only can drink whatever alcohol you like. Seats were uncomfortable on the over-atlantic flight staff rather impolite and not caring at all. Arrived on time. Food was not satisfying not tasty. Entertainment is to my eyes the only interesting point on Delta. Too expensive for so low standards."
"Horrible experience all around. The priority level ticket agent was not able to find the ticket for our lap child wasting 45 minutes of our time at check-in. When it was finally found on their system they were not able to print it for us. Just very frustrating and stressful. The business class on Delta is laughable. Lets see drop down screens from the ceiling no different than they had in the 1980s. The movie didn't even work on the return flight. Food quality I wouldn't even feed to my dogs. Its pretty bad when you buy a business class ticket and you don't even get a movie on a 5.5 hour flight or a decent meal."
"As a frequent traveler I feel I've coped pretty well with the US Airline \"nickel and dime\" mentality that's resulted in baggage fees exorbitant ticket change fees and the dwindling supply base fare economy class seats (not to mention the dwindling leg room in those seats). Now Delta does not allow seat selection with economy class fares. My company do not allow class upgrades which means I'll forever be the really tall guy stuck in a middle bulkhead seat if I fly Delta. Old planes with no power no in-flight entertainment (it never fails to amaze me how many ancient CRT televisions are still mounted to the roof of Delta cabins). On longer flights Delta refuses to stock enough food to meet the demand of passengers towards the back of the plane. Sure I can survive a 6 hour flight with nothing but peanuts and pretzels but why? The only positive thing I can say about Delta is to give a kudos to the majority of attendants that are willing to put up with grouchy passengers and restrictive rules. The ones that maintain a positive attitude deserve an award."
"Horrible experience all around. The priority level ticket agent was not able to find the ticket for our lap child wasting 45 minutes of our time at check-in. When it was finally found on their system they were not able to print it for us. Just very frustrating and stressful. The business class on Delta is laughable. Lets see drop down screens from the ceiling no different than they had in the 1980s. The movie didn't even work on the return flight. Food quality I wouldn't even feed to my dogs. Its pretty bad when you buy a business class ticket and you don't even get a movie on a 5.5 hour flight or a decent meal."
"TPA to LAX on 12-10-14 B737 Economy Comfort another routine Delta Flight. Uncomfortable seats with slightly more legroom than economy but with minimum recline. I give Delta low ratings on account of the uncomfortable seats. Otherwise it's pretty much like other U.S. carriers. Food for purchase. I didn't buy any so rated it at one star. Charge for entertainment headphones didn't buy a set so I also rated entertainment at one star. I fly Delta only because my spouse has Platinum FF status and buys my tickets with her FF miles. Otherwise I'd like to try other airlines."
"OKC to ATL then ATL to TPA MD 80 from OKC to ATL then twin engined wide body Boeing from ATL to TPA. Seats on both flights were uncomfortable with minimal recline. The headrest pushes my head forward making it difficult for me to nap. On both flights I forgot to bring my seat to the upright position for landing. The FAs didn't notice or might have figured it didn't make any difference. I would not pay to fly Delta in economy or EC on account of the uncomfortable seats. I traveled on a free ticket purchased by my spouse with FF miles so I gave Delta three stars for Value for Money. Food for purchase but items that appealed to me weren't available. The FAs were courteous the flight uneventful. However Delta is my least-favorite airline."
"OKC to ATL then ATL to TPA MD 80 from OKC to ATL then twin engined wide body Boeing from ATL to TPA. Seats on both flights were uncomfortable with minimal recline. The headrest pushes my head forward making it difficult for me to nap. On both flights I forgot to bring my seat to the upright position for landing. The FAs didn't notice or might have figured it didn't make any difference. I would not pay to fly Delta in economy or EC on account of the uncomfortable seats. I traveled on a free ticket purchased by my spouse with FF miles so I gave Delta three stars for Value for Money. Food for purchase but items that appealed to me weren't available. The FAs were courteous the flight uneventful. However Delta is my least-favorite airline."
"Took flight DL403 from JFK to LHR. Bag drop and check in was friendly and fast as was boarding. Seats were leather/plastic and not fabric and felt comfier than many others. Entertainment system was buggy and rebooted once as well as skipping/pausing throughout films. Food was bland but passable: chicken and rice meal with brownie bread and salad for dinner and a croissant with jam for breakfast (with orange juice). Service wasn't that friendly but also the announcements were amateurish with long pauses repeated interruptions and announcing the wrong arrival terminal before later correcting herself! I didn't know until this flight that seat changes within economy class can cost $40 each even if passengers on the same booking were placed in seats far away from each other on different rows (and the seat change was to bring them together)."
"GIG-ATL on refurbed 67-300ER (economy) and can honestly say it was the most uncomfortable flight I have ever taken. I am 6'2 and whilst normally I can find airline seats restricting this was the worst I have experienced. I can never before remember having to sit open legged as my knees do not fit in the seat when my legs are side by side including when using budget carriers. What's more the head restraint didn't stay in position making it doubly uncomfortable for a man of my height and despite the seat being in the middle of the plane there was no recline (not that there was any room to recline into). Food was ok drinks only served once despite it being almost a 10 hour flight and the entertainment system had only old movies and the TV box sets were missing random episodes meaning it was difficult to watch anything sequentially. Not a good advert for a Delta and will certainly bare this in mind when it comes to booking again in future."
"4/30/14 JFK-LHR was a pleasant experience (evening flight). The Delta Ground Crew were fine but had some issues with regards to an additional carry on item when the Airport Customs denied our entry towards the Immigration Area. Boarded on time on a B767-400ER. Seats felt tight with limited legroom but a very comfortable back rest. Ordered our meals online when booking however my meal was not available on the flight but it was fine to wait for the general food selection. Flight entertainment was excellent getting to watch the latest movie releases of the year. Flight Crew were well accommodated on this full flight. Land safely at LHR with a delay of 50 mins. 5/14/14 Return leg LHR-JFK was a disappointment. The older B767-300 aircraft had a rusty smell. Food selections we chose online were again unavailable. Flight crew were less friendly to passengers fewer smiles yet one of the FAs stood out very well in performance. The seats were a lot of worst with thinner padding making it extremely uncomfortable to lean your back all the way. The restrooms were awful unlike the first leg which was spotless. The same goes with the cleanliness of the cabins. Overall flying with Delta would mean riding old planes and comfort is less of a priority in economy class. Delta is my top choice when flying Domestically but definitely out of the box for international and long haul travel. Next time I travel to Europe BA goes next in the list."
"In March 2014 I booked a flight from San Diego to Vancouver BC. There was a one hour stop-over with plane change at LAX. Between that booking and the flight date of November 30th Delta made 6 changes/cancellations to this single reservation resulting in the change in planes being switched to Seattle with a 4 hour stop-over. When my flight arrived in Seattle a further one hour delay was announced. I asked the reason and was told that it was because of ice despite the fact that it was a sunny day with dry pavement everywhere and the plane was coming from Las Vegas. The clerk then mentioned that Delta did not offer compensation for weather-related delays. The lie about icing was confirmed by another clerk who checked in her computer and found the delay was really caused by mechanical failure. I then asked what compensation Delta would give me for a 5 hour stop-over involving dinner time. I was offered a chocolate bar. Delta is the last airline I would choose in the future."
"DL352 from Nashville to Detroit. Advised that the flight will be full and customers are allowed one personal item and one carry-on bag which must fit within the size check box. My carry-on was approximately 1 inch too wide due to my use of the one inch expansion zipper. So my option was to pay to have my bag checked or to use the other small duffle I had inside of my carry-on. So I basically carried on the same weight of items which now took up twice the amount of room. I understand that there has to be rules but common sense needs to come in to play at some point."
"Disappointed traveler. Travelled to Europe via Delta and experience was not good. From terrible food to constantly moving seat assignments unless we upgraded to secure seats together. Food was not very good - service from JFK to PDX was non-existent. I would not recommend this airline and will avoid in the future."
"Flew from Huntsville AL to Atlanta and then to Hong Kong via Seattle. Then returned from Sydney via LAX. On three of the six legs of this trip Delta rearranged our (long in advance) seating. We were notified only once (the night before our morning departure). Supposedly a \"service animal\" was needed in our Economy Comfort seats on the ATL to SEA leg. I understand and accept that. But when we boarded the occupants of the seats we had originally booked the occupants were young and apparently in good heath. No sign of a service animal. I will never again purchase Economy Comfort when it doesn't seem to mean anything and is quite expensive. Also I will do everything I can to not fly Delta in the future. Finally I will tell my story again and again every time I can so that others can be fore-warned."
"Flew from Huntsville AL to Atlanta and then to Hong Kong via Seattle. Then returned from Sydney via LAX. On three of the six legs of this trip Delta rearranged our (long in advance) seating. We were notified only once (the night before our morning departure). Supposedly a \"service animal\" was needed in our Economy Comfort seats on the ATL to SEA leg. I understand and accept that. But when we boarded the occupants of the seats we had originally booked the occupants were young and apparently in good heath. No sign of a service animal. I will never again purchase Economy Comfort when it doesn't seem to mean anything and is quite expensive. Also I will do everything I can to not fly Delta in the future. Finally I will tell my story again and again every time I can so that others can be fore-warned."
"Flown this airline twice from Amsterdam to Detroit and had a terrible experience each time. My flight departing from Amsterdam has always never left on time. Both times my flight was delayed at least 2 hours so in both cases I have missed my onward connecting flight in Detroit. This also resulted in my bag not arriving on time. However apart from the fact that I have never been on a Delta flight that has left or arrived on time the in- flight experience is quite good. Their food is always hot and very tasty they have a good variety in their in flight entertainment and their seats are quite comfy. But due to the fact that I have been delayed and missed my flight so many times because of Delta I will probably never fly them again."
"ALB-IAH DL2033/2249. Delta would not let me choose a seat at purchase or check-in. They put me in a middle seat. Now to get out of the seat (into a window seat in the same row) I need to pay them $19. I did not get a fair chance to select a type of seat I wanted even early on in the process. So I am being forced into an uncomfortable seat and into making a payment if I want to fly with more comfort."
"Just leaving Detroit for Boston. Overhead bins are half empty. As usual attendants insist baggage be checked which adds considerable and unnecessary time to trip in Boston. Otherwise adequate trip. Seats fairly squeezed but similar to other legacy airlines. No food or entertainment options."
"My wife and I were supposed to fly out of Fort Myers on Oct 22/14 after booking our flights two months in advance. When we got to the airport 3 hours before our flight we were told our flight was cancelled and we would have to wait until 8.30 the next day before we could leave. We had to call for a ride ask to stay an additional day - all with no notice! They had all of my contact info and never called. I believe our flight wasn't full so they bumped us to the next morning to fill that flight. This is unacceptable you schedule your flights to fit into your time schedule not theirs. How are you supposed to plan a trip not knowing when they will cancel the flight for no reason do not use Delta if you need to be somewhere on time!"
"October 17th 2014. Traverse City Michigan (TVC) to DTW DTW-LAX LAX-SMF. TVC-DTW and LAX-SMF on Delta Connection. DTW-LAX on Delta. The FAs on the connection flights were courteous and competent. On Delta after the beverage cart had gone by I asked a passing FA for a second glass of wine. She refused to bring it told me I'd have to wait until the beverage cart returned which was over an hour later. The Economy Comfort seats on Delta were not much better than economy - slightly more legroom but the recline seemed the same. I was unable to sleep because the headrest pushed my head forward. The Economy Comfort seats on the Connection flights felt more comfortable. Delta provided a wide array of entertainment choices. I only fly Delta because my spouse buys my tickets with her frequent flyer miles. I would not recommend Delta for long haul flights on account of the uncomfortable seats. Next time my spouse and I fly to Europe or Asia I will ask her to use her FF miles for flights on a Delta partner with better seats."
"10-12-14 SEA-DTW-TVC. SEA-DTW on Delta DTW-TVC on Delta Connection. The blue vinyl seats on Delta were very uncomfortable had minimal legroom and recline the plastic armrests hurt my arms after an hour or so. I was unable to sleep because the headrest pushed my head forward. Seats on Delta Connection were more comfortable. My one star rating is for the Delta seats. I didn't use the inflight entertainment system which appeared to have a good selection. I would not recommend Delta for long haul flights. My spouse purchased my ticket with her frequent flyer miles. Next month when we fly from California to Florida I'll ask her to book our flight on a Delta partner if possible. The Delta seats are too uncomfortable for long haul flights. Same goes for our upcoming trips to Europe and Thailand next year."
"In September I flew Delta round trip Detroit - London - Detroit business elite class on planes with the lay-flat seats. Let's be honest and call them \"pods\" not seats. These plastic \"pods\" must be the most uncomfortable cramped seats ever designed for an airplane. I am only 5'1\" weigh 125# and even at that small size I felt wedged into a narrow hard space. Seats are narrow hard moulded vinyl and there is absolutely no room for anything. Couldn't even figure out where to store the provided quilt and pillow. Sit on it? Put it on the floor where it immediately becomes wedged under the seat or you have to walk on it to get out/in your seat? Fold out trays are tiny and almost useless as are the provided \"pockets\" (shallow moulded indents that won't even keep a bottle of water upright) for magazines books papers bottled water etc. Attempting to stand up or leave your seat is a major challenge. Apparently the expected protocol is to wedge yourself into the \"pod\" and not move for eight hours. Never again!"
"Worst business class I have ever travelled on. The product provided on my trip from LA to San Jose is nothing close to what is represented on the Delta website nor as described in their inflight magazine. We had expectations of lie flat beds on the last leg of our long journey from Melbourne (Australia) to San Jose Costa Rica. To make matters worse this last leg with Delta was an overnight flight - so we had been travelling in excess of 24hrs before boarding Delta. What a disappointment to find we were on possibly the oldest aircraft I have flown it had a 2 person bench seat format with an individual backrest that only slightly reclined. The inflight food service was lousy (very similar to an economy meal on a domestic flight). Then to top it off there was a Dog (yes a canine) sitting / sleeping in seat 1B right next to us! There was no insert entertainment system there was a very old box TV hanging from the ceiling in the aisle which from Seat 1D I couldn't quite see very well."
"Went from LAX to Sydney. Staff rude food awful. Only good thing was premium economy seating. The seats were hard - no frills but extra leg room. Worth the difference but would not fly Delta again."
"I have had several horrible experiences with Delta. One time on my way back from a vacation from Hawaii Delta changed the connecting flight from the Las Vegas Airport to an earlier time. I was not informed until I arrived in Las Vegas only to find out that our connecting flight had already departed. The Delta Customer Service clerk was extremely unhelpful and ended up booking us on a flight that left 5 hours later. I sat in the Las Vegas airport with two small children for several hours. Today I was supposed to fly out to New York at 11.00 am for an important business trip. As I was leaving for the airport I got a call from Delta stating that the flight was delayed until 12.15 pm. Since that phone call the flight has been further delayed three-times. Delta is the worst airline I have ever flown on hands-down with extremely poor customer service."
"First time flying Delta was a terrible experience and I will never fly Delta again. Check in was really bad. My seat did not recline and my flight was LA to Sydney it means 15 hours flying in the same position. The seat was near the back of the plane where the flight attendants stay during the flight. They wouldn't close the curtains so it was always with lights on and I could hear them talking and laughing for 15 hours. It was my worst nightmare and I do not recommend Delta to anyone. There was other seats available but they wouldn't give us other seats."
"Flying on 8/25 from EWR to AMS and return on 9/5 ex AMS to EWR in Economy Comfort. Save your money not worth it. Food was horrible. Flight attendance not very polite. Service was non-existent. I asked for an after dinner drink and was told only coffee Tea or water was available. This is not what Delta advertises on Economy Comfort. Have flown many times on Lufthansa to Germany and the service is 100% better. I will stay away from Delta in the future."
"I have had a good experience with Delta so I chose to fly it again. We were flying from Philadelphia to Austin Texas. First off my flight was delayed for an hour and a half. Then we took off. My first stop was Minneapolis. We then had another stop for no reason at Detroit. We then finally got to Austin. Our flight left Philadelpiha at 6am CST and got to Austin at 7pm CST. I will never fly Delta again."
"Flew JFK-MCO on Aug 28 in Economy Comfort. Aircraft ok massive delay on taxi way due to congestion. Cabin crew had no control over passengers - children were running up and down aisle yelling banging on seats including when seat belt sign was on. Crew didn't bat an eyelid even when others were out of their seats on final approach with belt light illuminated. We then flew MCO-LAX on Sep 1. Old tired aircraft with video screens fixed to ceiling. Crew inserting VHS tapes for IFE. Cabin smelt dirty carpet dirty everything. Time to retire the 757 fleet. Economy comfort seats hard and uncomfortable."
"Mid August. YYZ-MSP-SMF (Toronto - Minneapolis - Sacramento). Return trip. The economy comfort seats from MSP to SMF were adequate decent legroom acceptable recline. Other than legroom they were not much different from the ones on Endeavor Air / Delta Connection from YYZ to MSP. The plastic armrests from MSP-SMF were very uncomfortable. These seats are similar to the ones on Delta international flights. I will no longer fly Delta on internationally and will try another carrier such as KLM on my next trip to Europe. One star for food and entertainment (I didn't buy food no entertainment offered). The flight attendants were competent and courteous."
"Early August flight from SMF - MSP - YYZ (Sacramento - Minneapolis - Toronto). I flew economy comfort on an early flight from SMF to MSP The MSP to YYZ flight was on Endeavor Air / Delta Connection. The economy comfort seats had adequate legroom but almost no recline making it impossible for me to nap (the seat backs had a tilt-your- head-forward built-in headrest). The seats on Endeavour had minimal legroom but more recline and I was able to nap during the two-hour flight to Toronto. The plastic armrests on the SMF-MSP flight were extremely uncomfortable. Economy comfort wasn't worth the money. One star for food and entertainment (I didn't buy food for purchase no entertainment on either flight). My wife has Delta Platinum FF status. Next month we fly to Michigan Amsterdam France and Israel. I'll let her exchange FF miles for my tickets as long as we avoid Delta and fly internationally on a code share airline such as KLM. The FAs on both flights were competent courteous and seemed to care about their passengers. I wish Delta management had the same attitude."
"My husband and I have taken a few trips a year with our kids (now 4 and 3) since they were babies and never had such a terrible experience. Getting to our destination was alright - we booked an overnight flight so that the kids would sleep and ended up with 2 extra seats next to us. Staff were all very polite and helpful. However before our return we were informed by e-mail that our 2 flights with a connection of just over an hour had been cancelled and we had been re-booked on 4 flights - yes 3 layovers to get us from one major airport in the US to another in Canada. My husband spent over an hour on the phone getting this changed and it took a great deal of insisting that 4 flights would not work especially with young kids. Our travel dates were flexible as was the departure airport from Florida but this didn't make a difference. We were finally re-booked on 2 flights with an almost 6 hour layover. We were told that having a layover longer than 5 hours would result in additional fees which we of course refused to pay and Delta reluctantly agreed. On the day of the flight we arrived at our gate to find out that our first flight had been delayed almost an hour and our second flight had been delayed 3 hours. (which now resulted in an 8 hour layover!). The airport staff was extremely accommodating and offered to re book us on a flight early the next morning with a 2 hour layover and cover our hotel expenses for the night. We appreciated the offer but decided to decline because we were already at our departure gate and didn't want to repeat the check in and security process the following day. Sometime during our 8 hour layover we looked at our boarding passes and noticed that none of us were sitting together on our second flight. After putting up with an excessive amount of delays and attitude from Delta over the phone and by e-mail I would have gladly left my then 2 and 4 year olds alone for Delta staff to entertain during the flight but after some insisting on my part we were all seated together."
"Traveled from SYD-LAX return in Economy Comfort on Boeing 777-200. Service was ok but the seats are very hard and uncomfortable. Had a look at the Business class seats when disembarking and they felt just as hard. Really needs refurbishing."
"Was scheduled afternoon of 8/11/14 to fly from Lansing MI to Minneapolis then on to DFW. About 2.5 hours before flight received automated call that flight from Lansing had been cancelled and that they would call back with a rebooking (no explanation given as to why the flight was cancelled). Automated call back had put me on a flight out the next day at around 1.30 in the afternoon getting me to Dallas about 5.30pm on 12th. I called back and managed to get rebooked on a flight on the 12th leaving Lansing to Detriot at 6am then on to DFW getting in around 9.20am the next day (an effort to try to salvage most of the work day on the 12th). Arrived to Lansing airport about 4.30am on the 12th only to be told that the 6am flight was also cancelled (again gate agent had no explanation of why the flight was cancelled). Their only option was to put me on the same afternoon flight the automated service had booked me on the previous day. My 80-something year old parents ended up driving me to Detroit to make the 7.28am connection. Complained to Delta and was given a refund of about $29 (which I haven't seen yet). This didn't even cover the cost of the fuel my parents used to get from Lansing to Detroit and back)."
"Took a flight from Phoenix AZ to Rochester NY with a plane change in Minneapolis MN. I arrived at Minneapolis 40 minutes between flights so plenty of time then we were told that there will be a delay because of mechanical issues and had to wait for a new plane. While we were waiting at the next gate we found out that plane was also delayed for mechanical issues. The replacement plane finally arrived 2 hours later we boarded and were just about to back out of the gate when the captain announced that we will be delayed for mechanical issues. I arrived 2.5 hours later from my scheduled arrival time. The return trip wasn't any better the plane arrived 2 hours late. I arrived in Atlanta as my connecting flight was taking off. That was the last flight out of Atlanta until the next morning. I got my ticket no problem but when I asked about a hotel. They would only give me a coupon for a reduced rate. I felt I shouldn't have to pay for something g that wasn't my fault. So I got to spend 12+ hours in the terminal. Never flying Delta again."
"Delta did not notify me of flight cancellation of a direct flight from PHX to JFK airport that was to leave at 8.30 which had been changed previously from 9.30 until we had arrived at the terminal. Put us on a flight to Atlanta Airport transferred to another flight to JFK. After boarding waited for about an hour to find out they could not take off due to weather. We were then put on standby at another Atlanta terminal. We had advised the counter person that we had a doctor's appointment in NY the next morning and needed to get there. In watching the monitor for open seats I noticed they were asking for people that wanted to upgrade to 1st class. We had paid for 1st class round-trip tickets and were not called to fill in those seats. Because I complained about the service we were able to take those seats. We arrived At JFK at about 1.30 am the next day. Because of Delta we paid for a $200 hotel room that we did not use. When leaving JFK on our return trip on Delta we sat on the plane for 1.5 hours for a cap from a baggage handler to be removed from engine that had been sucked into it we finally took off. We should have been treated more courteously and not like a herd of cattle especially as a 1st class ticket holder. We paid for more!"
"I flew from Mumbai to Detroit with a layover at Amsterdam with the total flight duration of 18.5 hours. The delta flight from Mumbai left about 1.5 hours late and the flight from Amsterdam to Detroit left 15 mins earlier leaving us stranded at Amsterdam. I was then rebooked to fly from Amsterdam to Chicago and Chicago to Detroit all the direct Detroit flights being overbooked. I had no choice but to take the flight to Detroit the flight from Chicago to Detroit was being taken care of by \"United Airlines\"."
"I was almost convinced to switch to Delta from US Airways and United where I have status. For 3 of 4 legs of travel the flight attendants and gate agents were friendly and professional and the service was good. This was my second flight on Delta and I was unfamiliar with their seating protocol. On August 8 Flight 5151 from LGA to CLT I asked a flight attendant if the flight was full and if I could move my seat. She did not refuse. Another flight attendant arrived and the two attendants had a less than professional conversation. She then walked up to me with a flight manage at and asked if I was passenger (name) and then said I could not sit in this seat because these seats were Premium. It was a false show. The first attendant could have asked if I'd like to upgrade to Premium or provided an honest response simply saying \"Unfortunately no.\" Honesty integrity and professionalism is important."
"One thing I find really ironic with Delta Airlines is at the beginning of the safety video they state that \"your comfort and needs are our first priority\" when it's is absolutely not the case it seems like it's the profit Delta can make. I'm not normally one to complain however after flying with Delta 3 times something needed to be said. From LA to NY return and from NY to Honolulu my family were unable to have seating together due to not booking a 'particular way' despite the fact we booked months in advance! It seems this manner of booking was only available to people who booked in USA as no information on booking allocated seats was known to us (Australian origin). Moreover we weren't the only people who encountered this issue. Another passenger was unable to be seated with their 4 and 8 year old children due to their ridiculous seating policy. Do it the right way Delta first checked in first choice. Service was bad. Rude at check in. Rude and unhelpful at the gate and even on flight they held their tradition by attendants having domestic quarrels on the plane around passengers. Food is terrible all flights are over 5 hours and only offered 2 biscuits or a small bag of pretzels unless you pay. Some entertainment also unavailable; however what was available were decent movies. Surprisingly Delta can do something right. Save your time money and hunger for an airline who cares about their passengers needs. This service isn't even worth the $10 you would pay to watch the entertainment available."
"ATL to UIO on DL 673. Flight was on an ageing 757. Paid extra for comfort class row 19. Narrow seat due to tray in arm rest. Try was broken and FA could care less. Offered no help. Food of poor quality/taste. Entertainment system from last century. Crew member makes PA announcement for anyone needing the lav to go before they pull the carts. 10 people queue up in front of my seat and wait. Crew fighting with each other over cabin responsibilities. Extended delay in FA picking up dirty trays which sat for almost one solid hour. Bad flight in every regard!"
"JFK-YUL on Delta Connection embraer regional jet. Terminal 2 at JFK must be the worst place in the world to change planes. After entering the path to the aircraft it became worse as the metal tunnel seemed to be falling to bits loose floor and walls looked like they had been run over several times. Inflight service was dire and not at mainline airline standard - inflight entertainment consists of the safety briefing and looking out the window. Inflight snack service consists of biting your own fingernails. Although flight was early this level of service is what I expect from cheap airlines like Ryanair not those charging a premium price. Look for alternatives."
"Flight DL0056 Detroit to Heathrow: Passenger console did not work neither reading light nor audio/visual entertainment. For almost 7 hours I had nothing to do as I could not read or watch video. I asked for assistance but received no help or offer to move me to another seat."
"Flight 1545 on July 18 did not have the full snack loaded for the first class passengers. So they served a \"fruit plate\" complete with pickle to go with the absent sandwich. Beware of first-class seats. The front rows do not have any place to put your feet. You pay a lot for a seat with little leg room."
"My experience with Delta was extremely frustrating. I bought 3 tickets from Milan to Denver with stop in Atlanta. One month before departure Delta changed the itinerary in Milan-JFK-Minneapolis-Denver which was exactly what I was not looking for (2 stops rather than 1). Too late to change tickets because of high prices. From NY we took off more than 2 hours late most time spent inside a super hot aircraft on a taxiway and consequently we were not able to get the flight from Minneapolis to Denver. Rescheduled for the next day we were forced to spend the night in the airport because the customer service horrible was not able to find a room in Minneapolis. Next day we took off late again."
"No more pre-boarding for passengers with children really? On a recent flight my family was instructed that Delta no longer allows passengers with small children to pre-board because there is now a pre-board fee that passengers are paying and 'got upset' that others were allowed to do so for free. This is yet another example of how Delta airlines are cutting service and delaying the overall boarding process. As a business owner and traveler I understand the desire to make money but this is going too far! Going forward I will research flights and airlines that are willing to accommodate my traveling family. My extra dollars will be well spent on an airline that values service first and foremost."
"SFO-ATL on June 27 apparently an equipment change where I went from exit row aisle to row 45 next to the toilet. Not bad for a platinum 2 million miler! Finally found a gate manager who helped fix the problem but none of the front line employees can make a decision."
"Traveled many times with Delta and so far one airport layover stay due to delays which was fine at first until this time around. Had to stay overnight in Atlanta. Customer service is horrible. Flight times change a lot. One time I had to change an existing flight but the flight that I changed to got canceled. I do not understand why I couldn't get a reimbursement for the change fee when the flight that I wanted doesn't even exist anymore. Now that I know better I'd rather pay for a more reliable airline than stick with cheaper fares for essentially a game of chance. Will avoid this airline in the future."
"Flew Delta first class from Atlanta to San Francisco quite possibly the worst flight crew ever more interested in talking to each other than helping passengers one flight crew tried to give my blazer to 2 separate passengers before it got to me unacceptable when you pay to fly first. Cramped seating did not help matters either. A very unpleasant flight."
"Delta is extremely frustrating to deal with! We took a family vacation to Alaska. There were 8 of us and we had two stops each way. I reserved seats when I booked the flights. When I checked in online for every flight for all 8 of us I found that all of the seats had been changed for every flight! We were on a family vacation and I picked seats for a reason. The answer I got every time I called was that they switch planes a lot and the seats don't match. I can't imagine that all of the planes were changed! I hope that I never have to fly Delta again! They need to take lessons from Alaska and Southwest!"
"Marked difference in quality and service between transatlantic and domestic flights travelled Dublin to PDX and back via ATL and both transatlantic legs progressed well with excellent service and no delays while both internal flights were delayed onboard service was spotty at best and boarding was sheer pandemonium. I have never appreciated Ryanair more than after my first experience trying to board a domestic flight in the US."
"Delta 2366 JFK to MSP. Delayed for broken plane - we were in line to take off when they decided a broken panel light warranted fixing. We had no gate to return to at JFK so we went to the maintenance lot and were bussed back to the terminal. Had to wait for a new plane (another hour). Re-boarding pandemonium. Most frustrating was waiting another hour on the tarmac before taxi-ing await from gate for catering. this was around 11.30am. We got nothing to eat drink except one bottle of water. Arrived MSP around 12.30am. Pretty awful. Stewardesses standing around on their cell phone. Skip Delta if you have the chance."
"Flights in purchased domestic first class with changeover in Minneapolis. Lots of weather delays and was kept well informed and phone conversations with customer service were pleasant. The first three legs of the journey were nothing special. Notably the quality of the product purchased was only that of a larger seat. Inflight service was casual at best and I would not call it friendly. We were tolerated and it kind of felt like we were an inconvenience. The last flight however had a flight attendant who was service oriented and actually took care of the customer properly and a meal was served. To me this tells me that there is a quality issue at Delta. The inflight service product is not consistent."
"We flew paid business class fares in Delta's Business Elite LAX to SYD and SYD to LAX in the forward B/E cabin on Delta's 777-200LR. We checked in using the kiosks in Delta's terminal and went through security quickly (we are both Global Entry/Precheck). The Delta SkyClub at LAX which doubles as Delta's business class lounge was crowded noisy and inferior in all respects to the business class lounges operated by other carriers to Australia we've flown on (ANZ and QF). For what it's worth Delta uses the ANZ business class lounge in Sydney and in all respects it's superior to Delta's SkyClub. The flight was delayed. Despite Delta's explanations the real reason for the constant late departures is that Sydney's airport operates under a curfew. It's the same problem coming back to LAX as ICE/Customs don't start clearing baggage/passengers until 8am - resulting in people sitting on the plane for a fair amount of time following arrival. Once in the air the flight itself was OK. The Delta flatbed seat on the 777-200 is adequate but inferior to the seats on ANZ's 777 and the QF A380 - both of those airlines provide business class passengers with a mattress that is laid over the top of the seat when reclined. The meal service both directions was in all respects inferior to business class meal services on ANZ QF and CX. The portions are tiny and the food itself is mediocre. The cabin crew LAX to SYD was OK but the crew returning SYD- LAX was disorganized distracted and not terribly personable. Delta's AVOD system on its 777 aircraft is antiquated. The pop-out monitors will not stay upright - many passengers around us had this problem. The moving map and flight information displays need to be updated. The headphones provided by Delta are supposed to be noise cancelling but don't work well (we both use Bose Quiet Comfort 15 headphones so it really didn't matter). Given the cost of business class tickets and all things being equal the only thing Delta has going for it on its 777 service to/from SYD is the privacy and relative quiet of its herringbone seating arrangement. Otherwise based on any other criteria you choose to use Delta's product is inferior compared to the other carriers we have flown on to/from Australia and New Zealand (ANZ QF and CX). We can't recommend Delta for business class to/from Sydney."
"LHR-JFK (Virgin) then JFK-DTW with Delta Connection (Returned on the same route and carriers 10 days later. Held up at JFK both ways for 12 hours due to weather not Delta's fault but our return connection to LHR was rebooked without our knowledge due to our late departure from DTW. This resulted in a rush to try and make the connection only to be told we were off the flight and rebooked for the following morning. Delta then did not issue us with the correct tickets resulting in a 4am nailbiter with Virgin check in as they tried to figure our what Delta had done. I am trying to plan my next trip to DTW to avoid Delta connections due to this."
"Very disappointed with Delta Airlines. I try to plan and budget for everything and was very irritated when I checked two bags for $25 each - Delta Advertises on the back of your ticket \"Your first checked bag is always free\" (within their recommended size and under 50lbs checked their website prior to our trip to avoid charges). I don't care if you charge me for my luggage but seriously don't advertise one thing and say another. If you book your tickets 6 months in advance and you pick your seats on that airplane and the plane is empty when you pick them you should at least be able to sit next to your significant other - but don't bother its a waste of time. Pleased with the flight crew and flight attendants kudos to them for positive attitudes. However I don't think I will be flying with delta anytime soon."
"Boy are we never going to fly Delta ever again. Our first experience with Delta involved our honeymoon - they overbooked our flight to go to Jackson Hole so they re routed us to a different airport and set us up with a car service to take us to Jackson Hole (this delayed our trip about 5-6 hours and we were driving through Yellowstone Park in pitch black to our cabin). They also gave us Delta vouchers to put towards a ticket for our next flight. So we bought tickets to visit family overseas later with our vouchers and it was the biggest mistake of our lives. Our connecting flight was delayed because of weather- but they just kept pushing the time every 10 minutes making you think you would be able to really make it to our connecting international flight at JFK. We got on the plane 5 hours late and made it to the gate at JFK for our flight about 10 minutes before it was scheduled to depart. Well they didn't let us board the plane because they closed the door already (ok fine they said it was a security issue) so we watched our plane take off without us and mind you its already midnight at this point. So we are directed by the staff to go to the Delta counter so we did that. There was one woman at the desk that was eager to leave and she said that the next flight was overbooked by 16 people (no surprise we noticed that Delta tends to overbook their flights and basically makes people take one of their stupid vouchers just to re-experience Delta again) and that she could put us on a flight with one connection - but we would basically be getting to our destination 3 days later than we were originally supposed to. We are on vacation time off work and are going overseas to a country that is far away to see close family so every minute counts - she handed us what looked to be tickets but later we found out were just itineraries. So we could not go back through TSA to the \"nicer\" part of the terminal where there were comfortable chairs and food because we didn't have official tickets. Panic set in and were stranded at the airport with only 2 stalls available to go to the bathroom and no where to comfortably sit. My mom was able to get tickets for us on the flight that was supposedly overbooked and she was also told that we would get reimbursed for a hotel room should we choose to get one. There were no Delta agents at airport that could help us with anything. We contacted Delta to try to get reimbursed and we were sent in circles no manager available to help etc kept telling us to visit the Delta site and use the number there - even though we already did that they accused us of basically making up the fact that someone told us we would get reimbursed? So after 2 hours of getting no where we were fed up. Many other people I know have had bad experiences with Delta they warned us before we booked with them. I heard many people at the various airports we were at saying they will never fly Delta again and I agree."
"Worst experience ever! Cancelled our connecting flight out of JFK leaving us stranded at their hell hole of a terminal for 20 hours and telling us that the next available flight was almost 3 days later. Employees spent their time sleeping chatting with one another or doodling on notepads. Bathrooms were disgusting. Every employee gave us different and conflicting information or showed no interest in helping us at all. Lost our bag and then told us that they wouldn't ship it to us we had to drive back to our final airport destination and pick it up. I will never fly with Delta ever again."
"All flights delayed some due to weather others to \"no staff for flight crew\". Missed all connection flights. Help desk staff extremely rude and condescending especially in JFK. Will never ever fly this airline again. Info given by crew 10 min before landing late regarding new gate and terminal incorrect."
"I just tried Delta's \"Business Elite\" from JFK to BOG on a 737-700 and what a ripoff! These \"premium\" seats offer a pitch of just 37 inches (that's less than JetBlue's premium economy); they also recline quite a bit and the result is a wedge experience which made for one of the most uncomfortable flights I can remember. I couldn't even open my computer until my neighbor decided to join his wife in much more comfortable bulkhead coach. Soft service was fine and dinner actually surprisingly good accompanied by a decent German Riesling. But seating comfort is still paramount and this was unacceptable."
"We flew from Atlanta to Portland the check in process was chaotic and disorganized. We had checked in online but had not printed our boarding passes. One representative told us to leave the line and finalize the check in at the kiosk. We got out of line to do this and the kiosk was out of paper we got back in line and the same rep told us to go back to the kiosk - we refused. There was only one kiosk working at this time! The rep at the counter was much better informed and completed our check in within a couple of minutes. This kind of disorganization caused at least one customer I talked with to miss her flight! In addition there is so little leg room that it is ridiculous and so uncomfortable. I did not feel like the staff were very friendly or helpful. On a positive note our plane landed on time and our luggage was there too."
"May 1 2014 Washington DC (DCA) to Minneapolis St. Paul (MSP). I bought an economy class ticket but Delta gave me an economy plus seat. Economy plus had a little more legroom and padding than economy but the seat recline was almost the same as in economy - I couldn't tell the difference. Based on this experience I would not pay extra for economy plus. Delta charged $2.00 for headsets with which to listen to a movie displayed on overhead screens situated every 4-6 rows. I didn't buy the headsets or food so I can't comment on catering or entertainment. Boarding has turned into an unpleasant experience passengers crowding the gate so they can board first and secure overhead bin space. My flight experience deteriorates each time I fly Delta. My spouse is a Platinum frequent flyer which is the only reason I patronize this airline -- no cost award tickets. I can't wait to fly Southwest or Jet Blue (domestic) or Air France KLM Lufthansa international. It seems as though the smiling CEO on the inflight video has nothing but contempt for his economy class passengers."
"Just returned from: IND to SJU via ATL. First class on IND-ATL segments (MD 90) and so-called Business Elite on ATL-SJU segments (737-800). On all segments aircraft interiors were clean and well maintained and cabin attendants were good. Boarding on all flights was total chaos and food on the ATL-SJU segments was inedible. No food on other segments. Seats not what one would call comfortable or roomy. Not worth the price paid."
"April 27th overnight flight from San Francisco (SFO) to Washington Reagan (DCA) with stopover in Detroit (DTW). Economy seats on flight from SFO to DTW were extremely uncomfortable: hardly any legroom - very little padding no padding on armrests and minimal recline. These are the worst airline seats I've experienced. Delta offered a thin blanket but no pillow. I was unable to sleep. The economy seats from DTW to DCA had slightly more recline and were therefore tolerable. Delta didn't offer food for purchase on these flights and I didn't pay the $2.00 for a headset on the SFO to DTW flight so I am unable to rate food or entertainment (I gave Delta one star for each)."
"Flight DL0187 Date: Apr 25 2014. More expensive than other airlines. Lunch was served at 10am GMT 2 hours after departure! They had a lot of time to serve it later as we still had more than 5 hours ahead (going to Boston MA USA). You had to pay for entertainment. Many empty seats in first row but you cannot take them without paying extra! Attendant was chatting too much and very loudly and I couldn't sleep. Many broken seats won't come back to straight vertical position. They didn't have any diet or light soda but Fresca."
"Flew Atlanta to Seattle. It is a 5 hour flight. If you want to eat you have to buy your meal however they do not have enough sandwiches so when the cart got to the end of the plane there was nothing left. If you want to watch a movie you have to pay $6.00. It costs $30.00 to check each bag. Just be aware that the price you pay for your ticket is just to get you from a to b just like greyhound."
"The review is for Delta which was our return flight home from Pittsburgh. We were to leave on Flight DL 5217 on 20 April. Delta Airlines has a poor fleet of plains. They were under staffed and had 2 mechanical breakdowns and were unable to find us other flights. We needed to be home for surgery the next day and paid extra to fly out on Easter. Because we booked with Expedia they said that they Delta was not to blame (they blamed United). Worst case of passing the buck ever! (Only bright spot were the front line staff - like the desk agents who remained 3 hours extra to rebook all the passengers)."
"Travelled Dublin to Salt Lake return trip. I normally travel BA which is good but in comparison Delta is a horrible travel experience. The flight attendants are fine but the aircraft used on all four segments were very old and there was a 'domestic' feel to flight that you just don't get with BA which in comparison has newer and cleaner and more spacious aircraft. Perhaps the biggest issue was that Delta typically fly 757 aircraft compared to BA's use of 747 or A380. It just felt far too cramped for long haul. The biggest insult was having paid > $2000 for a return flight to being given a 'beaker' of 100% plonk despite having asked for 'red wine'. I really wanted a glass of wine but if there was a plant nearby I would have dumped it there it was absolutely foul - I'm not a wine snob and would drink anything reasonable but this drink poured from a large container was sickening. I'd fly Delta again but only as a last resort. Having said that the flights were all on time or early maybe lucky but I'd hate to be delayed if the only wine they had onboard in 'coach' was what they gave me on those flights. One more thing although they had VOD the content on offer was very limited with only a handful of movies on offer (in contrast BA usually offer > 30 movies with similar ratios for TV and Music)."
"Flight from MSN to LGA going east was very good. Return west was very poor with cancellation of late night flight and re-booking for next morning and long (2.5 hours) delay on morning flight due to a mechanical problem after plane was loaded and de-icing equipment issue in Mid-April at LGA. Very long and stressful flight experience."
"AF3628 (operated by Delta) Paris-NY JFK 6th April. Extremely disappointed with Delta the only normal element was that the flight was on time. The staff service was not pleasant and not helpful. The lavatory (even before taking off) was dirty. No newspapers (we'll give you whatever will be left after business class passengers have been served). The food was appalling and a horrible non-descript sandwich (which almost everyone put aside) should not be called a \"meal\". What a trip."
"I flew LA to NYC on a red-eye flight this past Sunday March 23rd. The boarding process was an absolute nightmare and that was in part due to some horrible service (more to come). More than 15 people had to check in their bags and all passengers in Economy that could keep their luggage on board were having to put their belongings aisles down in the bins creating a huge mess upon landing. While entering the plane and attempting to put our things away we were \"greeted\" by an extremely sarcastic condescending and \"rudely-friendly\" air hostess who would individually call out any person taking longer than 15 seconds to put away their things. After embarrassing quite a few passengers including myself who were tired and exhausted and about to take a 6 hour red-eye she proceeded to call one passenger \"cute very handsome\" and helped him out by putting his luggage in first class. A few minutes later after everyone else was told to check in their bags a mother came in with a son with special needs stated she had to keep her luggage on board because his medicines and change of clothes were all in there and the hostess proceeded to tell her there's nothing she can do except give her a bag for her medicines. After take-off (which was 25 minutes late) the passengers proceeded to sleep (as one does past midnight) and the air hostesses (namely the sarcastic one) proceeded to talk at full volume inconsiderate of the passengers. As a side note the other hostesses were quite nice. After 6 hours on a rather uncomfortable seat we started our decent with yet again the sarcastic hostess picking out her two favorite passengers and offering them secret mimosas while the rest of us looked on. Not a good experience pretty frustrating and undoubtedly embarrassing."
"Paid $622 for so-called Sky Priority First Class from Detroit to Tampa. What a joke! My checked bag was taken off the non-stop because they were overweight. I guess Sky Priority means they ditch your bag before everyone else. Planes are filthy. First class lavatory filthy. First class crowded with coach passengers using forward lavatory. No attempt by FAs to deter this. First overheads filled with coach luggage. Several first class flights last year on AA were terrific also first on Icelandair - also terrific. Save your money - Delta is now a low cost low service airline do not bother to pay for First class."
"Flew Jan 22 from Burlington VT to Tampa FL. They changed planes giving us a smaller one so they ran out of seats they offered compensation took the flight up to Atlanta GA. No heating on plane we were freezing attendants kept there coats on for the trip. No hot drinks peanuts pretzels or soft drinks. Next flight to Tampa was ok on way back the plane land in LaGuardia NY put us onboard waited an 1 hour before leaving while the plane was being de-iced they had only one truck there to de-ice 3 planes. They compensate us with peanuts and pretzels - very disappointed with Delta."
"PHL-CDG-PHL on a Boeing 757ER. Went on a family vacation to Paris back in July 2013. Leaving Philly the flight left on time at 9pm and got to Paris 30 minutes early around 10.15am. Flight wasn't full so I went to an empty row to lay down for the almost 8hr flight. Each seat had TV's in the headrest and the plane had wifi but flying over the Atlantic ocean the wifi didn't. The food served wasn't the best and the complimentary breakfast was a joke they gave us OJ a banana and a blueberry muffin. Leaving Paris we had an hour delay because of a storm and when we finally boarded the plane we had another half hour delay because a family of 10 had a virus and were all forced to get off. My original seat flying from Paris was changed without any notification prior to the vacation. Luckily my mother checked the flights each day to make sure nothing bad happened to our flights. The flight was full minus the family who got kicked off the plane. For the almost 8hr flight you would think they would use a 2 aisle plane instead of one. My TV didn't work. For long haul flights I doubt I'll take Delta again."
"Flight 2395 PBI-LGA on a MD-88 aircraft on July 30th. Only positive was an on time flight. Thankful this flight wasn't any longer then it was. Experience was awful and I felt very unwelcome as if I was an inconvenience. Flight crew were young and seemed new to the airline industry. I assumed they'd be into their job and enthusiastic I experienced the complete opposite. No hello or goodbye while entering and deplaning the aircraft by any crew member. Ticket scanner while boarding was not working so the rude gate agent was checking the tickets by hand. Crew rushed through the safety announcement and we were in the air within 5 minutes. Ok legroom however the armrests where painful to rest your arm on. Restrooms in rear were out of order leaving everyone on the plane to have to all use the one restroom in first class. Took about 30 minutes to receive my luggage at baggage claim. Overall not a pleasant experience."
"After visiting Tucson AZ I was embarking on my return journey from Tucson to Edinburgh via Atlanta and Paris on Monday 17th Feb. The incoming flight from Atlanta arrived more or less on time but as soon as it landed it was clear there was a problem with the aircraft. It turns out that none of the lavatories were functional. This caused a severe delay making me reschedule my entire journey one day later. I was offered a hotel - which was fine - and given what was described to me as meal vouchers. These were not fine. They were in fact practically useless pieces of paper. No one took the time to explain that they were only valued at $6. A fact I was also unaware of until I came to pay and pay I did. As far as I am concerned if I am given a meal voucher I expect a meal. In fact this worthless piece of paper does not buy anything on the menu - even a bowl of soup. To add insult to injury there was no breakfast voucher at all. American airlines already have a bad reputation so perhaps I should not have expected better."
"DL 1169 MIA to LAX Feb 13 2014. It is impossible to get an upgrade as a Platinum Medallion between Florida and California on Delta. In addition the system wide upgrades are never available. Furthermore the planes are smaller always packed. After flying 2.5 million miles with Delta it clearly has gone downhill. Loyalty means nothing. If you fly from Florida to California often and need to try and do some work on the trip avoid Delta. Their upgrade policy is a classic bait and switch. My trip yesterday was like a 5 hour closed MRI. It is sad to see great airline go down the tubes in rewarding loyalty."
"February 1 2014. CDG (Paris) to SEA (Seattle-Tacoma). I would have given Delta a higher score an 8 out of 10 for trip satisfaction but the seats on the aircraft were very uncomfortable (the worst I've experienced). The recline was minimal which made it impossible for me to sleep. I had to remove the catalogue / inflight magazine from the seat pocket in front of me in order to gain a 1/2 inch or so of leg space. I considered upgrading to economy comfort but only available seats were by the toilets and the seats were described as having \"up to\" 4 inches of additional leg room but no mention of additional recline. The seats are acceptable short flights but not for long-haul travel."
"Flew JNB-ATL-SNA on Feb 6 2014. Departure from JNB on time though boarding was a bit chaotic. Economy class seating on B77L from JNB-ATL ok. Weber slimline seats are a quite firm and this becomes ever more evident on this long 16 hour flight. Cabin crew most unfriendly and really did not want to be providing the on board services. In flight meals very poor. Cabin crew on ATL-SNA flight a little better. AVOD on B77L very good with excellent picture quality and selections."
"I have flown Delta 3 round trips in the past 3 months. The first flight had an engine problem over the Atlantic and we had to make an emergency landing in Canada and were forced to sit on the plane for 6 hours waiting for a new plane. I do have to say the crew was great. Missing my connection I arrived home a day late. My second flight was normal with no issues. My trip had another engine problem. This time before take-off. Instead of getting home on Friday night I had to wait until Saturday night to get home. The crews and ground staff have been great but Delta is not maintaining its planes."
"January 15th SLC to CDG. I would have purchased an economy comfort seat for the extra $210 but the only available ones were by the toilets. My economy seat was the most uncomfortable seat I have experienced on a long flight - inadequate seat padding and very limited recline. Otherwise the flight was acceptable the food edible the FAs competent performance on time. Next time I fly to Europe I'll avoid Delta on account of my experience with the uncomfortable seat. Based on my experience on this trip I would not recommend Delta to friends and family. I may fly Delta again but only on short domestic trips."
"DL1954 on 12/30 and DL1910 on 1/1/14. Checking in with first class with Delta was nice because we got advanced security clearance. The rest was disappointing. I guess I am used to first class with American. Snacks offered were like sombody's left over Halloween treats. There was no music or entertainment offered."
"I flew during the chaos caused by the weather the delays wer understandable. Leaving mass the staff at Logan assisted me with my sick child by being attentive and making us as comfortable as they could. When we stopped in JFK again the staff were very pleasant while we waited 3 hours to board to Dominican Rep. Staff did what they could to keep passengers entertained. On the other hand I feel like customer service stops in the US while in the Dominican Rep I felt like I was dealing with a whole different airline. staff were rude and inconsiderate. Delta needs to take time to train their Dominican staff."
"I was on this flight which was delayed by over 2 hours in Atlanta and never once were we given the reason for the delay. That's fine. A delay is a delay. Here is where it gets interesting. Once we boarded this old DC plane the cabin crew promptly made an announcement that they had \"forgotten\" to load water to the tanks. So even though the flush would work there would be no water from the faucets to wash our hands. Instead there was just a bottle of water kept in the toilet. Yes that was my Delta experience! I met another traveler in Mexico a few days later who apparently flew the same flight two days later and had the same water issue. This really explains why I should avoid Delta in the future! Absolutely no customer service."
"New Orleans to Boston. A blizzard was headed for the Boston area and delays were expected. Was charged $100 because my luggage was 2.3 lbs over weight. I asked a man working at the ticket area to help me transfer to an earlier flight in order to beat the storm. He told me he would put me on standby and directed me toward a gate. Lady at the gate told me I'd have to wait an hour till she could answer any of my questions. Went back to the desk an hour later and told that the man at the check in desk must have made a mistake and that I had not been put on standby. Lady then put me in standby and told me she would call my name if a seat opened up. Everyone began to board the flight and my name had not been called just as they were closing the gate the lady yelled at me to get on the plane. Ran down the ramp. Flight staff were OK landed a little early. Things went much smoother in Atlanta."
"Florida to Seattle flights delayed due to weather and would miss connection in Atlanta. Understandable. Ticket agent wanted to send me to Atlanta and sit on standby. Whereby I was not guaranteed a seat and no hotel meal compensation. Had agent book me on flight early next day instead. Booked seat from Florida to Atlanta but no seat booked from Atlanta to Seattle by agent and now on standby. Tried to assign seat over internet but was blocked because agent put me on standby. Called Delta and was informed that the airport agents now had control and could not book a seat. Told telephone agent to let me speak to supervisor as I was looking at 25 empty seats on their website. Agent spoke to supervisor and supervisor assigned me a seat. Now why couldn't other agent have done that hours earlier? Arrived at baggage check-on area (already had boarding passes) for \"red-eye\" return trip from Seattle. Stood in line watching understaffed agents for 20 minutes and was told when we finally got to the front of the line that we had missed the baggage check-in window by 3 minutes. Keep in mind we had already stood in line 20 minutes. Told to go to the Special Services line. Got in Special Services line and stood for 15 minutes. By now not only had my wife and I missed checking our bags but we had now missed the flight. Told by \"red coated\" Supervisor is that all they could do was put us on standby for a 11.25 pm \"red-eye\" flight with no guarantee we could even get on the plane as there were no seats available. As we pointed out how long we stood in their lines the \"red coat\" got surly and told us that this was our only choice. She would not help us with a room or meals. We asked about a trip the next day which she booked us on that left at 11.45 am. Now 13 hours later. When we asked where we could find a hotel she pointed the directions to the hotel board center and basically said we were on our own. The last straw was they lost our baggage on the return flight. Finally came in on the next flight after midnight next day."
"2 hours flight between Atlanta and Nassau. Business class ticket. Very old and noisy aircraft (MD88). Business class seats OK. Sky Priority boarding. Except bananas and bretzel and drinks do not expect any meal served at dinner time even for a 1500 USD ticket. No lounge access for this international destination except if you have the right frequent flyer status. I will avoid to fly them again for this amount of money."
"To Las Vegas from Jacksonville Florida. The plane we were on from Atlanta to Las Vegas a long flight had no leg room and there were two large men and me in a row! On the way back from Las Vegas we knew right away that our flight was going to miss the connection. I called Delta to try to get a connecting flight worked out and was on hold for around 45 minutes. Never did get it worked out over the phone. When we arrived in Atlanta they told us to go to a kiosk to find out what they had decided to do with us and a series of coupons came out. One for 25.00 of food (everything was closed) and a coupon for a hotel. On the flight back at 8 that morning the plane was packed and it looked like most had had the same kind of night we had. There were three stewardesses in the back of the plane talking so loud it kept waking everyone up. They did not provide a beverage service because of turbulence so they were non stop until I pushed my button and told them they were disturbing everyone. The girl was very rude and we heard her tell the other two we are talking too loud for the wonderful passengers out there! And went right back to their discussion."
"A combination of hit and miss but as its my first \"experience\" on a US airline and using the 3 major American legacy carriers Delta seems to have offered the most consistent service level even definitely seriously sub par compared to Asian and European carriers. Flew from Bangkok to Los Angeles through Tokyo Narita. Delta's service in Thailand and Japan far superior than on US soil. BKK-NRT with a B747 the seats were extremely thin. Cannot conceive sitting in such a seat all the way to LAX. From Tokyo Narita a comfortable B777. Flights on time entertainment acceptable with an OK selection of films. Food edible however spartan portions. Flew Delta Connection from Los Angeles to San Francisco with a very comfortable Embraer jet. Not happy about paying for checked in luggage. No other service on board. The return flight was a disappointment. Delta sold me a return routing from Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda and then 19 hours later from Tokyo Narita to Bangkok which I accepted assuming that the airline will assist in the transfer and accommodation. Delta refused to assist in any of the above thus I had to handle my own transfer between the airports as well for own accommodation and food. This is the main reason why I will be adamant in flying to the USA with a non local airline so only on European Asian or Middle Eastern airlines that would offer generally a far higher service levels. The \"comfort plus\" product is a laughable one from Delta. Trying to sell seats with better leg room however seats scattered in the cabin with no better seats dedicated cabin or special menu. So not recommending this wanna-be premium economy. On board staff did their job but surprised of how detached they were from the passengers. Recommended airline but there are a lot of other better options in my experience."
"Boston (BOS) to Atlanta (ATL) to San Francisco (SFO). I was originally supposed to fly from ATL into SJC (San Jose) but was later rebooked Dec 6th and Dec 7th. I missed my connection because the plane was first over- fuelled then under-fuelled and then there were issues with the \"paperwork.\" In Atlanta I was forced to call Delta call center (huge lines to speak with customers representatives on site) to rebook my flight was asked to hold for 30 minutes. When I called again they told me I was holding for no reason because the representative had hung up on my call. My bag is also missing."
"Good on time performance. Wished to have a second warm meal on board an intercontinental flight then just a breakfast. Very noisy cabin due insulation on the 737. Crew seemed unorganized and hasty. IFE wasn't working properly."
"My wife and I flew back to London Heathrow on flight 19 from Detroit. This airline is a disgrace. Very poor food but it was the service from the flight attendants which was particularly bad. They seem to have absolutely no idea of offering a service. Passengers were treated with complete indifference and staff spent most of their time in the galley eating and talking loudly. Never again. Next time I go to Detroit I will fly BA or virgin to NY so that I only need to suffer the short hop from NYC to Detroit. Coincidentally I have a friend who has just taken a flight on Delta from NY to London who also experienced shocking service."
"Worst airline to fly on if you are in the military traveling on orders. First who in the military travels with one bag that's right we don't we normaly have a few bags and one normaly weighs between 50 to 100 lbs. So why is it that all the other carriers let the military check one bag up to 100lbs no we are not getting over this is the bag that we transport our gear in. The gear that we use to take the fight to the enemy. Come on Delta get with the program and stop trying to make an extra buck off the military. I guess that's why the military generally uses American Airlines first and Delta only as a last resort. The flight only had a few people on board and when some of them asked if they could move to a vacant seat they were told no."
"BusinessElite SIN-NRT-HNL. Choose Delta only because it offered completely flat beds. B777-200LR flying from SIN-NRT- SIN offers ample legroom when in full recline. However the 767-300 planes NRT-HNL-NRT falls short for anyone over 6’. In full bed mode the ‘seat’ tucks into the narrow space of the seat in front of you. My main gripe was the cleanliness of the cabin. Dirtiest Business Class I've ever flown! Cabin Staff were ok not overly friendly. Pales to any Asian flight crew."
"My Husband and I booked First Class. Our plane was finally determined as \"Delayed for Catering\" for 4 hours. We missed our connection of course. Originally we were told it was due to weather. There were no other flights to get us home according to the agent in Salt Lake City who said \"I don't have time to help you go over there to the phone bank\". With no flight no luggage and no help we paid for a hotel room had to by clothes meals and I hoped our underwear would dry I washed it in the sink for the next days flight. We had purposely reserved seats together I have a great deal of flight anxiety. Our rescheduled flights separated us and I cried most of the way home. It's not that we are any better than others but we paid a lot of money for our trip on Delta First Class. We bought the special tickets expecting special service. I'm disturbed with the airlines performance and regard for passengers. I guess we paid for only a larger seat."
"SEA-AMS-SEA. This last transatlantic with Delta will be my very last. I cannot believe KLM/Air France have partnered with Delta and I'm afraid I'm unlikely to continue patronising that group unless I'm sure I'm not flying on a Delta staffed plane. The service was just appalling. The seats in economy were very poor. The underseat space was cramped by some electrical equipment and also very hot as a result. The in-flight entertainment system was not functioning in my seat or any other seat in our row. The only element of the flight that was any good was the lounge in Seattle which had some space to work and attentive staff."
"Poor customer service. Sold my seat to someone who was on standby in a complete and utter shambles mix up. Had to ask people to leave the plane for compensation. Poor attitude of staff not helpful at all no empathy for customers situations. Poor service on flights entertainment not working and having to reboot seems to be a daily problem. Planes were dirty and tired. Food was average breakfast dire scrambled egg in a soggy roll after an 8 hour flight. Why not keep it simple with a croissant or pastry or muffin? Wouldn't fly again if I had the choice."
"Poor customer service. Sold my seat to someone who was on standby in a complete and utter shambles mix up. Had to ask people to leave the plane for compensation. Poor attitude of staff not helpful at all no empathy for customers situations. Poor service on flights entertainment not working and having to reboot seems to be a daily problem. Planes were dirty and tired. Food was average breakfast dire scrambled egg in a soggy roll after an 8 hour flight. Why not keep it simple with a croissant or pastry or muffin? Wouldn't fly again if I had the choice."
"In my opinion Delta airline is the worst I have experienced. I am silver and this is the end of my Delta loyalty. I attempted to hop on an earlier flight several times because I had completed my work in Greensboro early. The lady eagerly said \" are you Gold or Platinum\"? I said \"no I am Silver.\" She stated it would be 50 dollars to go on standby but she is not going to bother because I am silver. With that I was dismissed with a \"Next\". This is not the first time this has occurred and I travel for business. For validity sake my flight number originally prior to attempting an earlier flight was DL1384 from GSO to ATL."
"JFK to LHR leaving 9.10pm 12th Oct. Delta 0005. Have just returned from NY to London and can only agree with the negative reviews. The most rude cabin staff I have ever experienced. We actually got our tickets through Air France and I noticed that another partner was Virgin an airline I use frequently to go to Tokyo with and rate highly. What on Earth are these decent airlines partnering with this outfit for? Food was also terrible and complimentary drink service a joke. The public address system didn't work I see others have commented the same why can't they fix simple things like that? They must know it doesn't work the staff get angry when you ask them to repeat things. A bad end to an otherwise superb visit to the Big Apple."
"October 6 from LAX to ATL-Flight started out fine nothing really to complain about. The stewards were average somewhat snooty. Had a good selection of entertainment. Regular snacks on the plain (peanuts pretzels cookies). The end of the flight was extremely rough due to rain but the captain gave some reassurance. Then we landed with only minutes until our next connecting flight to MGM. This is where our trip took a nasty turn. We arrived at the gate with 20 minutes to spare (our flight was to take off at 8.55) but our flight was delayed 5 minutes so we had some breathing room. Then our flight got delayed another 20 minutes then another hour then at 11.45 (sitting in the terminal for over two hours) they cancelled it. We got a rental car that we could have had two hours ago and been home by now."
"My wife and I recently traveled for business out of 4 flights 2 of the departing flights were late the second causing us to miss our connecting flight that left early. The flight was scheduled for 12.05 and we were standing at the gate at 12.03 the plane was already gone after we rushed off the plane and across Atlanta airport because this being a Delta hub they can't have planes in the same concourse. We go to the counter and are told they moved us to a different flight without telling us because we weren't going to make our original flight. So they are delaying us 2 hours because they couldn't leave on time for a 8.25 first flight. I politely asked if we could wait in the Delta sky club and was rudely told that it costs 50.00 to use the sky club. I will make sure I will not fly Delta again."
"I have been a gold member for at least one year. I usually fly every 4 to 6 weeks from DCA to Lagos Nigeria. The food service is extremely poor. Breakfast is disappointing I have now learnt to eat before flying. The airline assumes everyone can eat the cheesy bread served in the AM the rice has practically no taste and the bathrooms are in such a bad state before we land. I have only been upgraded twice on the economy flights. I ask each time and the response is the same 'you may or may not be upgraded and you will be told at the gate'. I flew Air France on the trip before last and even got upgraded on that flight to economy comfort. Delta really does need to appreciate their gold members. I fly delta because of convenience but I'm beginning to think it may not be worth it. Bad food with no absolutely no fringe benefits is quite frustrating especially when other airlines offer much more. To fly long distance every 4 to 6 weeks with no benefits are not worth it."
"Whatever happened to schedule integrity? We booked our vacation to St. Martin on Delta because no overnight flights were required. Then they changed their schedule and now we have to overnight in Detroit on the way home. They will do nothing about this inconvenience and expense."
"Seattle (SeaTac) - Paris (CDG): 23 September. Flight was horrible! Low Seat comfort and low quality food. But the worst thing is seat assignment: my girlfriend was behind me and that's how it was for a lot of couples and friends! It's obvious that this is done on purpose in order to earn money from change seat utility during the check-in online."
"On both outbound (Atlanta) and inbound (Manchester) the controller in my seat did not work (same fault L/R control not working) fortunately my wife was not using hers so changed seats. Really annoying on longer flights. Service good legroom as ever poor. Atlanta airport terminal improved beyond all measure actually pleasurable experience after zoo on previous occasions."
"I had flown to SFO from LHR trip with Air France which was fantastic. My return flight with Delta was anything but. SFO-ATL then to LHR. Flight to ATL was really bad. The seats were uncomfortable and old. The cabin crew were average at the best of times. There was no food unless you wanted to pay $10 for a box of candy and potato chips. The inflight entertainment was terrible - there were about 3 free things to watch - everything else had to paid for. After already paying a lot of money for a flight airlines then try and nickel and dime you for things like entertainment and food. Next was ATL-LHR. This was no better. Seats were uncomfortable and cramped. I'm only 5'2 and even I was uncomfortable. Entertainment was not great although a step up from the last. The fact that there was no personal controller really irritated me. When the screen is unresponsive the last thing I want to do on a long flight is have my arm up constantly hitting the screen just to get something to work. The cabin crew again were just average. The food was pretty bad and bland. The PA announcements were hard to hear and were of terrible quality. Overall it was a terrible experience. The only good thing about the flight was their safety/welcome video! This was actually well thought out and funny - I actually took notice of it and watched the whole thing on both flights. Too bad they don't put that much thought and effort in to the actual flying part."
