"x"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Milwaukee. Frontier charges for everything. I was charged an extra $300 just for my one checked bag, 2 carry ons, and then for my seat selection because I was scared I would be separated from my 10 year old. Then there weren’t any complimentary beverage or snacks, you had to pay $3+ for a soda and chips. Not to mention we couldn’t even get our bags checked until 2 hours exactly from when our flight takes off. With having kids you want to make sure you are at your gate in 2-3 hours of take off so you have that time frame. I will never be flying with them. My $430 ticket turned out to be $850."
"Verified Review | Never again. A 3 hour delay which had no explanation. There were a total of 4 delays. Then when you get to the Orlando airport they drop you at the furthest part of the terminal. Had to take a bus and tram (tram is normal) but a bus? Additionally we gate checked a stroller and car seat. Now I’ve flown a lot - and on normal airlines as soon as you get off the plane the gate checked items are there waiting for you to pick them up. Well not on this airline. Practically the entire flight was deplaned before the gate checked items stated to appear. What was the hold up? Again no explanation. You get what you pay for with this airline. Never again"
"Verified Review | Tampa to Denver. Horrible customer service. They delayed my flight by 1.5 hours, notifying me by text. When I arrived at the new time, they told me the flight departed at the original time. After a 2 hour debate with very rude attendants, Frontier finally arranged another flight the next day with another airline. There were 14 customers (all unrelated) that were standing there at the counter in the same situation. We all received a text indicating the delayed time of departure. Security had to come to the counter because of all the unhappy customers. Frontier employees admitted it was a \"glitch\" in their system. I had to get a hotel for the night and pay for baggage with the other airline. I filed a dispute on-line with Frontier and they said they would give me a $50 voucher. I would never use this airline again, with the way they treat their customers. All the additional expenses occurred they will not compensate."
"Verified Review | Columbus to Orlando. Never again. From the time I made my reservation to boarding, one frustration after another. Change of flight time. Outrageous “extra” fees. And waiting in airport for a delay caused by paperwork not filled out by crew."
"Verified Review | West Palm Beach to Long Island. This is our second round trip with this airline and both times we have been late. We are presently waiting for flt 1786 which was suppose to depart at 3:45 pm and now has a departure time of 5:48. Our departure from ISP was also late on October 12th. We will not fly this airline again. What a disappointment."
"Verified Review | On a flight from Atlanta to Orlando on Oct 10 at 8pm, the plane boarded half an hour after the scheduled boarding time, with no update made to waiting passengers. I was refused to allow my check-in bag I paid for to be brought on the plane, though it fit in the overhead compartment, and I was verbatim told by another flight attendant there was \"plenty of room\" in the compartments after everyone had boarded. I had to take out my large iMac from my bag (forced to check the bag separately) and place my computer in the compartment with no protection. This is not a laptop - this is a large screen expensive desktop. The rude attendant who told me the bag is not coming on the flight even mentioned that she was chatting with another employee that they thought my bag was too big when we were waiting on board. Nothing was said to me during the extra ~30 min we were just sitting for the plane to open. I rode a Spirit flight earlier the same day, with the same exact baggage and had no problems. My four year old had to use the restroom after the plane had taxied to where we were going to take off (I had taken her immediately before boarding, but she is four... she had to go again.) As it looked like we would be sitting for a while and we were seated at the back of the plane, I asked an attendant if my daughter could use the bathroom. He audibly let out a frustrated sigh, agitatedly picked up the phone and exclaimed \"We're going to have to stop the plane!\" I waved him off, and told him she would wait, in order to avoid holding the plane. My four year old is now crying in the seat, doing everything she could to not wet her pants. Everyone around us could hear how upset she was. The plane continued to sit in the same place long enough that she could have gone to the bathroom at least 3 times. It literally would not have taken that long at all, she is 4 years old, there was absolutely no compassion from this attendant, and I was met with irritation, when I was already in an unfortunate situation I had no control over. I will never fly Frontier again. Every single person I encountered on this flight that worked for Frontier was rude and had no concept of customer service."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Orlando. A terrible attitude by flight attendants and agents and terrible seats! Upon booking the flight, we were told to arrive 3 hours prior to boarding. However, upon arrival, their ticketing desk didn't open until only 2 hours prior. Of course, their bargain-basement concourse had no food/services or available outside the security checkpoints, and no way to check baggage until their window opened. By the time they opened the ticketing 10 mins later than posted and we checked our baggage and waited in the security line, we were running with our 6 year old to make the gate on time. When I mentioned this to the surly attendant scowling at us for \"pushing our luck\" I was simply told \"to get it together.\" Absolutely outrageous and unprofessional. To make things worse, the only non-stop flight available was an overnight/red eye, and we were more than dismayed to learn upon boarding that none of the seats reclined, unless you had paid additional in advance for the \"Stretch Seating\" option This should have been made more clear at the point of purchase (on their website.) This was the most uncomfortable flight my family of three has ever endured (and we like to travel.) Even worse, while we were in FL visiting the inlaws, our home neighborhood in Santa Rosa was evacuated due to wildfires. We attempted to alter our return date, since we had only a damaged house to return to and very unhealthy air quality. I would have preferred my daughter and wife to remain in FL with her parents while I went home to deal with our losses. Frontier was incredibly unsympathetic and unwilling to suspend any of their extravagant fees for altering our flight. A doctor's note for a simple illness would suffice, but a national disaster area does not. Heartless unyielding policies are exactly what brings public animosity upon these mega corps. I can understand paying differences in fares, but profiting off a natural disaster by charging \"change fees\" is absolutely heartless and cruel. In the end, it will be cheaper to keep our flights as scheduled, put my family in a motel room and purchase respiration filters to deal with the poor air, rather than remain safely with the inlaws for a few extra days. I can't wait to give their representative a piece of my mind at the counter tomorrow when we get there."
"Verified Review | Bad staff. Bad airline and just horrible. Flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas was delayed 3 times. Was suppose to leave at 8pm but didn’t leave until midnight. Leaving Vegas was worse! Flight was suppose to leave at 11:40 and got delayed twice. They finally got us boarded on the plane at 1:20 in the morning just to tell us the captain was sleepy and didn’t think he would be able to fly. They issued meal vouchers for $10 (mind you, we are at an airport where prices are much more expensive than normal and $10 was nothing). Wasn’t able to get us into a hotel until 4am in the morning and the next available flight they could get us on would be 1pm the next day. Missed work, had to pay extra for parking back home because I had to pay for an extra day. Extra money spent on food when I have food at home, running on only 3 hours of sleep. Pay the extra money and fly with a different airline!"
"Verified Review | I bought a return flight from Chicago to San Diego about 3 months prior. I was attending a childhood friend's wedding and what should have been a nice weekend ended in such a headache. My returning flight was on a Sunday at 4.50 pm. Once I got to the airport they told me that I had missed my flight, that it was at 6.30 am. Turns out they rescheduled my flight for an early flight and said they could do nothing about it. I was in town for 2 days at a wedding I wasn't checking my email constantly. When I've had changes with other airlines they send me notification texts. Its not like Frontier didn't have my cell number. A 10 hour flight change is not a little inconvenience, its missing a whole day. And here I thought Spirit Airlines was the worst, well Frontier just took that seat. I will pay the extra money I have to pay for another airline and never fly Frontier again. I ended up paying for two one way tickets anyway, so in order to avoid another headache and hours at the airport, I will gladly take my business elsewhere."
"Verified Review | Flew Denver to Minneapolis. I normally never have a problem with flying Frontier but for this flight they changed the departure and return time by over 2 hours. We were supposed to leave Friday night at 6pm and they changed the flight to 8.30pm. The flight was late by an hour to boot. There was never any explanation or \"sorry for any inconvenience\". All employees acted as if this was completely normal. I was not impressed and will do my best not to deal with Frontier in the future."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Cincinnati. I purchased a ticket for my father, a disabled veteran and the baggage scales admin at Minneapolis told my father his bag weighed too much and made him pay $20 cash. She was extremely rude to him and also didn't attach any baggage ticket to his suitcase right in front of him. His bag was lost for two days after landing in CVG so he had no clothes and no money when he arrived. All my dad had was his very small backpack, which under Frontier's website says is free and they refuse to refund us for the entire cost of the luggage and carryon, which wasn't used. They claim they have no record of my father being charged $20 for his \"overweight\" bag. I was told via email that we would receive a $25 dollar refund and a $100 voucher to fly again. We will definitely use Southwest or Delta instead on any future trips. Nobody should be treated the way that my father was. He was taken advantage of and Frontier isn't holding themselves accountable for their employees. Shame, because if their customer service was better and they weeded out these bad employees they could actually be a great airline."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Milwaukee. Could not get checked in online. Frustrating. The check in at airport was quick and easy. However $45 per bag is ridiculous. Flew in on another airline and it was only $25 A bag. No free beverage or snack as on all other flights I have ever taken. Plus endless announcements and even marketing campaign for their credit cards over PA system. I just wanted to read and relax not have live commercials assaulting me. Then the longest wait on baggage ever. After walking to baggage area. Walk included restroom stop which had a line. We waited at the carousel for 28 minutes before bags even began to surface for anyone. People were annoyed. Ridiculous to take that long. Won't fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Denver. The flight was supposed to depart at 8:25 am. We boarded at 9:30. We sat on the plane for an hour and was told to get off the plane. Previous estimated time of departure was 11:45, now it's 1:30. Wonder what time they'll choose next and I wonder if we'll even make it to Colorado. Oh yeah and there have been no apologies. Just rudely distributed $10.00 meal vouchers. Do yourself a favor and don't fly this airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Denver to Washington Reagan. Terrible airline! I paid for the seat and the carry on bag. I ended up with a tiny tray that I couldn't work on. When I moved up one row to get a full sized tray, they charged me $50 right there on the plane. It was embarrassing. I will never use this airline again, especially for business travel. Pay more, take a layover, do anything to avoid this airline."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Denver. The $120 round trip tickets seemed like a great deal which is the only reason I booked. But as date of flight came and I had to finalize plans, I was disappointed to find that you had to then pay additional $ to choose a seat and pay for carry-on and checked luggage. (Separate charges for departing and returning flight). It was $38 for each carry-on and checked item if you paid online, $60 a piece if you paid at check-in at the airport. So flights that I purchased as a gift to my fiance because I thought I could afford $248 ended up costing me more like $450. The seats were very uncomfortable with minimal arm space and cramped leg space. If you wanted a soda or snack - you had to pay for those items seperately as well. On the way back, they called to start boarding but didn't actually start boarding, but left us in the walkway. Just standing there for 10 minutes without one person from the airline explaining what was going on. I paid extra for my seats on the flight home just to get extra leg room, $25 a seat. There really was little difference between that seat and the one I flew out on. The air blowing out from my vent above smelled like the sewage from the bathroom. All in all, disappointed in the overall experience and probably won't fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | 2 hour delays with one hour waiting on them to do paperwork. 5 airplanes errors. Please spend the extra money not to ride. A slow crew of unprofessional people. They turned the computers on the airplane on and off two times. Sat in darkness with no AC for 15 min. Now waiting 20 or more mins for paperwork to clear them of their bad customer service. Will never fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Portland via Denver. My wife and son had the pleasure of flying back Frontier, I hadn't planned on coming back although I did originally purchase a roudtrip ticket that i canceled and they wanted me to pay for a new ticket when i wanted to add the return back onto it. First of all we were emailed 3 or 4 times prior to actually taking the flight that our flight times and dates were changed, we ended up losing over an entire day from our planned vacation. They offered us 50$ vouchers that could be used only (towards purchase of a future ticket in the same persons name) that had no cash value, and had to be redeemed within 90 days, so basically they were useless. We also had to pay extra money for checked bags and were not offered free carryons which was aggravating. They claim you can purchase the works for an extra 99$ per person, per way, which would have been like an extra 600$ for us. However it would have allowed us to get all baggage included and cover any elective changes to our itinerary - in hind sight it might have been better to bite the bullet - heres why : we paid over 100$ for baggage, then when we wanted to changed the name of the 3rd passanger they kept changing the price on us which went up every time we called. By the time we had decided to change the name they demanded we pay a 99$ itinerary change fee a 75$ name change fee, and the difference in price of ticket from original purchase to name change +$598. We were tried making changes online and the website was all buggy, declined our cards several times for no reason - it said we'd paid out over $5,000 for our tickets and would make the same addition multiple times or simply freeze on us. Customer service was terrible even after we obtained guarentee of price hold. I am 6'1\" and my knees had room, backs of the seats were gutted and totally solid - didnt have enough room to bend over and lay on the tray table. We were also forced to layover in Denver for 6 hours turning what should have been a short trip into an all day fiasco. Service was subpar, they offered nothing free except water and their was no option for wifi at all. There were meetings in the back between passengers and crew for one of the entire flights. Denver airport was excellent and being an Oregon native Id say it is better than PDX even though PDX was rated top airport in the US."
"Verified Review | I was to fly Cincinnati to Ft. Lauderdale on September 7th and return September 10th. On the September 7th folks were being told to evacuate Ft. Lauderdale due to Hurricane Irma. Needless to say, I did not fly there on that day, although the flight was not cancelled? Why would anyone fly to the area, when authorities were telling folks to leave. My flight home was cancelled. I was given a refund for the return flight, but not for the flight to Ft. Lauderdale. I am extremely disappointed, even though it isn't a whole lot of money. I will be flying to Lauderdale again soon, and will think twice about my carrier."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Detroit. I have no word to describe how bad I feel about this company. Terrible service and no focus on customer. The first time I flew with the was bad as well but I wrongly decided to give them another chance. My flight depart time was 6:25am. I got some traffic on the way to the airport and arrived at 5:50 to check a bag. I was informed that I could not because it would not make through TSA. I asked the lady what if I leave the bag (one of my friend was still around to keep it). The lady told me that I woul not make it through TSA and that the airplane would not wait for me (does it look like they double sold my seat?) Well, I decided to give a try. I open my backpack and got in the real essencial things from my to be checked bag, run run...by the way, I had my wife and son with me. We went through TSA in 5 min ran to the gate, got there at 6:14. The airplane was there but the Door was closed. I knock the door and no answer. Not a single Frontier employee around. Any other company would have somebody to help customers and let them in, even if it was 1 minute to depart. When I called the customer service they offered me another flight at 4:30pm but I would have to pay 99 dollars for each of us. I agree I was late for checking a bag, but I was at the gate on time to get in the plane. They do not refund the flight coming back, they give you credits to use in the next 3 months. As I do not plan to fly frontier ever again, it means I lost all my money and got nothing back in exchange, except trouble."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to LaGuardia. This was by far the worst experience. They charged me for a carry-on bag that was smaller than most purses. The flight home was an absolute disaster, Frontier was the only airline to cancel flights that night. The manager over the phone gave me a free hotel but the lady behind the counter refuse to honor it. And instead of resolving the issue, she continued to say no. After we slept in the airport, we finally got up the next morning and headed to our gate. Of course, everybody in the airport was apparently confused as to whether that would be at one gate or completely on the other side of the airport. I had to go through security three different times because we were mislead on which gate it would be at. After we made it home I realize that the airline broke my stroller. So I went to the lady that handles the disputes and she said that she could not do anything about it because I signed some slip saying they were not liable. Come to find out the lady behind the desk that checked my bags to begin with was the lady who initialed the slip."
"Verified Review | Spend $45 more and fly with Delta! This is the worst airline I have flown on in my 32 years of heavy traveling. The flight from DC to Austin was 4.5 hours delayed. I arrive to the airport and am informed by the most unprofessional, incompetent representative that my bag, which I've carried on literally every other airline costs $45. Then I was told that I could carry it on, but that would still cost $45. After this shakedown, I fly on what feels like the Wild West with the turbulence and have to wait an additional hour at the gate before we get off the plane."
"Verified Review | I selected Frontier because we've had a good experience with their customer service in the past. I have personally flown with them more times than I can count. They were by far not the most affordable flight I could have chosen, but I thought their customer service more than made up for it and happily paid extra for the tickets. On our first flight, they insisted on gate-checking our carry-on bags that would have easily fit in the overhead compartment. No big deal, we'd grab them planeside, as we were told upon boarding. After we landed, we waited planeside for our bags, even asking a flight attendant about them. He assured us they would be dropped planeside. Another ten minutes, and we asked another flight attendant, who informed us they would have been sent to baggage claim. This made little sense, considering we had a connecting flight to catch and this would send us out of security. The attendant who checked our luggage had apparently marked our final destination as Denver, not even bothering to ask if that was our final stop. We had to go out of security, collect our baggage, and then go through security again, where we were nitpicked by the TSA for things the TSA in Los Angeles hadn't even batted an eye at. 40 minutes and relieved of some slightly-above 3.5 ounce toiletries later, we re-entered past security.(By the way, the Denver TSA will paw through your luggage for 15+ minutes over a bottle of foot powder.) We were fortunate our layover was lengthy, or we'd have ended up missing our connecting flight. As we boarded the next flight, I walked by without the attendant even looking at my bag. However, she then stopped my husband and insisted his bag was too large to fit in the overhead, despite it being the exact same size as mine. She refused to let him on the plane unless he paid $45 for carry-on. When he said our last flight had done no such thing and that his wife's bag was the same size as his, the attendant smugly replied she could always call me back and charge me $45 for my bag, as well. What on Earth? As I waited on my husband in my seat, concerned, the attendants went by, trying to make a list of seats still available, I assume for people on standby. I had to inform them the seat had been purchased by my husband, who was currently being held at the gate unless he forked over $45 some woman randomly decided to charge him because she could \"tell by looking\" his bag simply wouldn't fit. They didn't seem the least bit concerned. Not that I'd expect them to be, at this point. Finally, $45 later and with minutes until the plane closed, my husband enters, with his bag in tow. It easily fits in the overhead without any struggle. We spent $45 for a bag that most certainly fit. An absolute rip-off. Our flights departed and landed on time, but the poor service we received soured it. Way to go, Frontier. Your rinky-dink airline just lost two faithful customers. I've already told this story to three of my friends and intend to tell everyone else when they ask how our trip was. Answer being, absolutely awesome until Frontier was utterly incompetent. They should leave air travel to the better-equipped and trained airlines. I'll be sticking with Delta from now on. Wish I could give less than one for a rating."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Denver to Greensboro. You get what you pay for: do not waste time trying to save money and waste your life in travel. Flight is delayed and no info on when it will be heading out. Flight from San Francisco was miserable no leg room, the attendant skipped over me for water, no place to rest your head, no recline. If you would like to waste a day of your life on horrible travel then I would recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Chicago to Phoenix. Our plane was at 7.55 but delayed to 10pm as they had to stop in Kansas to refuel. Our plane was switched with the New Jersey flight that had been waiting since 3pm. So our flight was delayed to midnight! Don't fly Frontier Airlines! I wish I had looked at the reviews!"
"Verified Review | St. Louis to Orlando. Delayed 3 hours, no explanation. Finally board plane, get to runway and sit, and sit, and sit. Finally captain comes on and says \"we have to do paperwork and if it's going to be longer than 5-10 minutes we will update you.\" That was 30 minutes ago and still no update! Will never fly with them again, terrible customer service, terrible information, terrible quality, just awful!"
"Verified Review | From Orlando to Indianapolis with Frontier Airlines. Delay of 3 hours. We asked the staff at the desk to provide food or water at least, they said you get nothing. They told us to call customer services. I called them and after 26 min on the phone, they did nothing. They said \"Go back to the desk\". Basically, no one helped with anything. Stay away from this company, it's not worth saving a couple of $."
"Verified Review | If you are thinking about flying with Frontier just look somewhere else! Do not recommend at all. For this flight from Denver to Miami, they charge for everything ($45 for your carry on bag) and seats do not recline and no entertainment. Never will I ever fly with this company again. I'd rather drive to my destination in the comfort of my own car if they were the last option available. So just don't even bother flying with them."
"Verified Review | We were so excited to see Frontier come to TF Green, allowing another reasonable option for flights. However, when we assumed reasonable, we were wrong. If you buy the ticket and are unprepared for all of the additional nickle and diming that happens you will be shocked! They punish families with additional seating fees at check in. Clearly my 8 year old can't be scattered from her family during the flight. So I pay an additional $20+ per person to get our seats together. Drinks? Nope, an egregious fee for that too. As well as checked and/or carry on luggage. I could have easily flown comfortably with a movie and great customer service on JetBlue (with a better flight time) for the same amount. Also as far as Customer Service, Frontiers attendants may want to consider not screaming at each other in the back of the plane may cause some panic and discomfort among passengers. Especially since it was over a coffee pot. That same attendant may consider another round of training as she yelled at my husband to \"not touch my things, do you hear me?\" as he attempted to move her bag (he didn't know it was an attendants) so he could fit his in the overhead. Or telling passengers, even though there were empty seats throughout the plane, that they must stay in their assigned seats due to load balancing concerns (you didn't ask my weight, not my luggages weight when I bought the seat? I'm assuming this is so people don't move to premium they didn't pay through the nose for instead?). We will absolutely fly other airlines."
"Verified Review | Washington Dulles to Portland via Denver. Worst flight ever. Customer service is non-existent. No way you can get a hold of anybody prior to check-in. Ticket price was not much better than United, but there were a lot of hidden costs that were unreasonable (ie $45 for each carry-on!). Seats are uncomfortable for a long flight. Staff looked as unhappy as I was as a customer and it reflected in their service."
"Verified Review | Denver to Orlando. When flying this airline do not expect any compassion or help. This airline may be inexpensive to start but once you make even the smallest mistake in your booking you will find the charges just keep compiling. We were new to this airline and decided to give them a try, first of all the website is confusing and once you start booking the flight if you are not paying close attention you will leave off anyone you are booking with. When we called to try and fix the issue they just said they would cancel the flight for $25 and then we can re-book at a much higher rate. Or we can just book my flight separate from my companion. We opted for the latter to avoid the huge cost change and then try and change at the service counter. Instead of getting a happy ending we got nope the flight your companion is on is booked, you can fly in later which was 7 hours later. When my companion got on his flight there were 8 seats still open including one next to him. I don't think i will be using this company again. My flight was empty but i was still forced to sit in my assigned seat and the seats are hard, the people are emotionless."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Houston to Atlanta. Before even boarding the plane I was met with unprofessional behavior by the young man who checked my bag. The flight itself was attended by women who looked like they had never seen a hair brush and couldn't be bothered to smile or even make eye contact with passengers. Upon arrival to my destination I found out my bag had not made it. My bag was the only bag that didn't arrive and it's now been 24 hours and I still don't have my bag. I've now spoken to several different employees and no one can give me a straight answer. I'm a very patient person but this is just beyond me."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Las Vegas. They moved our flight from 7:30pm to 11:57pm. We get a email saying \"we're sorry for the inconvenience here's 200.00 voucher for your next flight. Never in that email did it say it was cancelled. We get there and the customer service was rude, they had no empathy that their airline messed up our whole trip. The next time to fly to Vegas was 24 hours later. So we had to rearrange our whole trip. Why would they only fly to Vegas once and at 8pm? I would give it 0 out of 5 stars!"
"Verified Review | Seattle to Orlando via Cleveland (should have been via Denver). I've flown Frontier before and it was very uncomfortable but at least the flights where on time. I thought I'd try it again - I shouldn't have done that. Flight out of Seattle was delayed 6 hours and put us on a different plane. Once we landed for our connection flight, should have been 1 hour wait, but once again delayed almost 4 hours to change a tire. The seats are uncomfortable, have to pay extra for everything, even a seat, but the flight was cheap. Totally not worth it, I will never fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Flight 1539 (my return flight from ATL to PHX). This flight was terrible from start to end. We were delayed for close to three hours (due to \"mechanical issues\"), and Frontier always hesitated to make an announcement until 30 minutes prior to the departure time, which kept getting pushed back. Sometimes they said nothing at all and just quietly changed the departure time on the digital display. When I finally got on the plane, the flight attendants were rude. A young lady tried to use an outlet to charge her phone, and the flight attendant insisted that she not use it, explaining that \"well we have ashtrays in the restrooms but you can't use those.\" To top it off the tray tables were the size of an envelope, literally. I placed an envelope on the table and it covered the entire thing."
"Verified Review | My Frontier flight from Philadelphia to Austin was delayed going out and then delayed again on way home. The issue I have is the utter lack of communication by the staff. Our plane has mechanical issues and they made zero announcements. People went to gate agent and they answered questions but didn't communicate to the larger group. Our plane was delayed nearly five hours with no effort made to try to get us on other flights. This airline is the very definition of \"no frills\". Be prepared."
"Verified Review | I booked tickets to fly Austin to Indianapolis via Denver for my brother in laws memorial service. Arrived in Denver from Indianapolis and instead of a 3 hour layover, had 5 hours. Now, I am trying to return home and will be at Denver airport for an 8 hour delay. This is ridiculous. I do not know if this is staffing issues or what, but people have jobs and lives and this should not be a frequent occurrance to be delayed. I will never book through Frontier Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Frontier Airlines is without a doubt the most embarrassing excuse for an airline I have ever seen. Our flight time from Las Vegas to Columbus was pushed back two and a half hours in total. Along with this, they offered next to no consolation because of our wait. Flight attendants were kind and attentive as one would hope. However, I will continue to believe Frontier Airlines is one of the worst airlines I have ever flown with. I will never be giving them my business again."
"Verified Review | Frontier Airlines was terrible from the extremely late start to our flight from Las Vegas to Cincinnati, to the extended wait for baggage at the end. We waited for an almost 2 hour delay just to sit for another hour on the tarmac. Then do it again upon landing. Then wait another 45 minutes for bags to arrive. They book too many flights with not enough planes, staff, or airport property. They essentially share everything and can't run the business. What was supposed to an easy 3.5 hour flight home took 6 hours. The flight before ours to Columbus got delayed from 4 pm to 8 pm then cancellled. Left tons of people stranded late at night after waiting for hours. Never ever again will I use this airline. Need to say this also. Their \"cheap\" flights end up costing more than everyone else. You have to pay for seats, baggage, carry on baggage, and a lot of other tiny additions. When I went online to confirm my information I accidentally backspaces over an \"e\" in my middle name and they charged my account 168.00 for \"changing my information\". They reluctantly put it back on my card but of course it takes 5-7 business days so I got to head out to vacation 168.00 less than expected. Such a joke of an \"airline\"."
"Verified Review | I travel very frequently and this is by far the worst experience I've ever had flying from Las Vegas to St. Louis. Everything beginning with getting my boarding pass and paying for my carry-on has been awful. The attendants are extremely rude, unprofessional, and poorly trained. A passenger vomited prior to take off and the rest of us were expected to travel uncomfortably rather than the airline just doing a courtesy to the sick individual. The flight attendant who spoke to me was very rude and nasty in the way she handled the situation. I am extremely displeased. I will not be flying Frontier ever again and I do not recommend it to anyone else. After all the extra fees and inconveniences, I could pay the same price to travel a much better airline."
"Verified Review | About 1 week to departure we got a wonderful email informing us our return flight went from a hour and a half layover to a 8 hour layover. When we called to ask why it was changed they could give us no answers and just gave us a 50$ voucher. So, you're going to give me a 50$ voucher for an 8 hour layover which I'd now need to get a hotel since we took red eyes in hopes of saving money. So now I was down 100$ for a hotel nearby without getting a taxi. That's just where it began to be fun. Our first flight was flying from PHX to DEN, take in mind we paid for better seating and upgraded our seats for more leg room. Upon entering the plane all of the seats were the same size and it was uncomfortably cramped (Arm rests didn't move). When I asked the flight attendant why our upgraded seats were not upgraded I was told that is because the plane \"we chose\" didn't offer it and then ignored me completely for the rest of the flight not offering me anything when walking by even while I continuously said mam. So we had a layover in DEN for an hour and a half, by the time I got on the next plane I was already a little upset with my service. So, next plane comes and we board. The seats were slightly larger towards the front but none of the arm rests went up. Who thought that was a good idea? Let's give economy moveable arm rests but upgraded seating to slightly larger, more cramped seating? During this flight I asked why the arm rests didn't go up and was completely ignored, so I dropped it, I then asked for a drink yet again on this flight. Three times I asked, the lady continued to stare at me while I stared back until 3 and a half hours went by and she had the courage to ask me \"Would you like a soda?\" at this point I was annoyed and responded by \"yes, I asked 3 times\" and she just responded with \"No need to yell sir\". Then asked me again \"So you're sure you'd like a drink?\". I was just shocked, we were landing in 15 minutes and I just decided to move on and forget it. So our returning flights a week later went exactly how I suspected. It was ORL to DEN then to PHX. On our way to DEN we were consistently bugged by our flight attendant to move for this couple that had \"air sickness\" after waiting over 30 minutes for them to stop essentially blackmailing me I said alright move. So I moved to a non-premium seat so this couple could sit in our seats. The flight went on and they proceeded to watch movies, laugh and disturb everyone around them. Seems our seats cured their \"air sickness\". Not to mention I barely fit in their seats (6\"10, 350 lbs). On our last flight to PHX I finally caught a break with the terrible service and finally got a beverage and some answers to why our flights had been so poor. They told me it was because they were receiving new planes. Then continued to talk about their credit card for the next 45 minutes of the flight while handing brochures to everyone including me which I made clear I did not want and never will want. So when I got back home I decided to call Frontier up because I was absolutely shocked by their service. I was told to calm down and that I needed proof and that all of their planes had premium seating and lifting arm rests and was completely disrespected and was told deal with it or pay the difference, 900$ more."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Salt Lake City via Denver. Our flight was delayed in Cancun for almost 2 hours. Hard plastic seats. No beverages or snacks. Unfriendly staff. They claim there was a dent in the plane and they had to wait for confirmation to fly. We missed our connecting flight in Denver. There was no pre-arrangements made for any of the passengers with connecting flights. It was \"we got you part way there, figure out how to get home on your own\". No apologies and the most horrendous customer service. Not a single employee was helpful. You literally have to get loud and obnoxious for them to take you seriously. I ended up booking a return flight with Delta for another $400 or else I would have been at the Denver airport for 2 days. This is not an airline. This is like a bad infomercial. Avoid this scam of an airline. The review's are justified."
"Verified Review | Denver to San Diego. The money saved doesn't make up for the time wasted. At least I got this review out during the additional few hours in delays then another seeming endless delay before departing the plane after landing. And poor communication along the way. My boyfriend was equally frustrated waiting to go to then waiting again at the airport. I want to scream. Let me out of this plane and away from you!"
"Verified Review | Denver to Los Angeles. Will never fly Frontier again. 4 hour delay with a gate change 3 hours into the delay. The clerk at the counter was very, very rude to every person waiting. Stewardesses from another Fromtier flight were being very rude to customers. They thought it was funny that we had the delay and proceeded to joke with each other that they hope it's another 4 hours till we can board. Horrible customer service and they expect everyone to pay to check on bags! Frontier is a joke!"
"Verified Review | I booked my flight from LaGaurdia NY to Cincinnati on August 3th at 5:59 pm but the flight kept delaying for hours and hours. They finally had to cancel and rebooked the same flight for next day that's today August 4th. When I got at the gate C10, no one is here. No information anywhere if the flight is on time or delayed. Finally I had to call the frontier customer service and I said what is the flights status. She said, it is delayed and departing at 9:05 pm. I finally asked at the gate from the Frontier Airlines staff how am I going to manage all this, staff said, you get nothing because the problem with the flight is due to bad weather. I showed her the weather radar map that shows no weather problem and the United and Southwest flights flew in the same region Indianapolis, Chicago, Cleveland."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Seattle . Unless you're flying with no luggage, it's not worth it. You pay the same price with all of the add ons. Luggage is extra, carry ons are extra, picking your seat is extra, snacks, water, even sitting in the emergency exit. And on a half empty flight, they still enforce the seating. Unfortunately, our stewardess was pretty rude, although that's probably not the case across the board. The flight happened to be on time though."
"Verified Review | Never will I fly Frontier again. Currently sitting on the tarmac for two hours in San Francisco for my flight to Orlando because of a broken luggage scanner. Instead of moving plane and allowing us to get off they make us wait 2 hours while they fix a baggage scanner and then load all of the luggage onto another plane. No leg room, pay for sodas, cramped, seats don't recline, no in-flight entertainment, $35 dollars just for a carry on? Come on Frontier, this is the best you can do? Lame."
"Verified Review | Austin to Las Vegas. Flight delays because of overbooking. I prearranged for wheel chair assistance. When I arrived at the airport at midnight there was no wheelchair, no Frontier employee. The gate was empty. Luckily some friends I made on the plane helped me. It is impossible to contact a real person at Frontier for any reason. A generic recording tells you to call back later! What good company does that? They overbook every flight which causes delays while they shuffle passengers around. Never fly Frontier Airlines."
"Verified Review | Flew New York to Denver. They are equivalently priced to others, have shorter leg room, charge for carry-on's and don't provide drinks or snacks on my 4 hour flight. They also tried to tell us it was running late, then decided not to tell us when it was back on time again. If not for an early check in, we would have missed the flight. I will never fly with Frontier Airlines again."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Frontier from Cleveland, Ohio to Orlando, Florida and it will definitely be my last. I was charged for a carry on bag which fit the dimensions of being placed under my seat which really was an inconvenience. Also our flight was delayed with no notice at all, boarding doors were switched at the last minute. This was possibly the worst flight I have ever taken with possibly the worst airline I have ever flown with."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Denver. If you like delays and cancellations this is the airline for you. If I could get these guys a minus 1 star I would! I had a total of 5 flights to get to my destination and 3 of 5 were delayed while my last flight that was supposed to get me home was cancelled. I've never seen such a group of unprepared / unprofessional employees in my entire life. Then when I do finally get home they can't find my luggage. I don't want to see anyone else go through what I went through with these guys."
"Verified Review | Denver to Austin. Showed up at the ticket counter to check in, the ticket agents come out, 10 min late and 2 were on their cell phones texting and never acknowledged any of us passengers! Their body language spoke for the type of service we got! They charge 60 bucks for a checked bag or even a carry on. As the plane is taxing to take off, the pilot pulls over turns the engines off and says he has to reroute the plane and we sit for an hour. On the way back, we got the same terrible service, very unfriendly, and the plane was delayed 2 hours. I ask the ticket agent why it was late, she said she didn't know."
"Verified Review | This is the first and last time we fly Frontier Airlines. We booked a flight from Nashville to Vegas and are still waiting for the flight to leave after waiting more than 2 hours. At first the attendant said would only be a 15 min delay. Then messages on my phone indicated erroneous updated times. When I talked to the attendant about the new updated departure time she said they automatically provide a new time without any real information. We are still waiting and keep getting misinformation. At this point, I'm just hoping I get to Vegas tonight. Never again on this airlines. I don't care how much money I can save. Not worth the aggravation."
"Verified Review | Denver to San Francisco. Two months ago I booked a round trip on Expedia heading out on Virgin America and returning on Frontier. I reserved window seats on both airlines’ websites. Just before my trip, I discovered Frontier had moved me to a middle seat. They wouldn’t let me move to the window or aisle without charging me. Their seat reservation was a lie. I was shocked that Frontier made me pay an extra $35 to carry on a small soft bag. (Virgin charged nothing.) Want a coffee a Sprite on a Frontier flight? You have to pay extra for anything besides water. (Soft drinks were free on Virgin.) Frontier’s avaricious surcharges destroyed the economy of the trip I specifically booked for price. There’s a reason this airline is always at the bottom of the customer ratings (which I didn’t know when I booked)."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Charlotte. No one at check in desk in Charlotte when there was a very long line. They comvince you the prices are low and then charge the same amount as the flight or more to have luggage -- even carry ons! And then to get a specific seat assignment, they charge more. The flight to leave Charlotte was delayed because of storms (a fair reason) but no explanation was given for the two hour delay on the return flight, which we were only informed about when we were in line to check in for the flight from orlando. It appeared that our plane first thing in the AM, was coming from California. No food or drink is served without charge in the plane. Seats are harder than usual. Tray tables are teeny (not really a problem without food, I suppose.) No plane wifi. If they are going to present this as a discount flight, they need to charge an actual discount price. I could've paid the same to Southwest and carried more luggage and been much happier, and maybe one of my flights might have been on time. I will say the cabin staff was kind of great. Less formal and more likely to joke around and be pleasant in an honest way."
"Verified Review | Portland to Denver. Delayed twice, 1.5 hours late. And we're landed for an hour before getting off the plane because of another Frontier flight. No weather issues, this is in the middle of summer. Also, they charge for everything and the seats don't go down and the tray tables are smaller than my book - cheap and slow."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Los Angeles to Chicago. The plane was cold, so cold I couldn't sleep and it was a red eye. No blankets and no heat. I had goose bumps for 3 hours. Then my mother finally fell asleep and was woken by the flight attendants being loud talking to each other. She went to use the bathroom and asked them to quieten it a little. They told her \"it'll be quiet in the bathroom\" and laughed. First and last time on Frontier."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to San Diego. I often fly Frontier (4-6 times per year) and while there are negative reviews I have always appreciated this airline. I always pay extra for the \"works\" mostly to get the refundability on the tickets. I also have their credit card and use it often. Today's flight was a bit marred by one flight attendant. I was traveling with my 16 year old son, and my 5 year old daughter. Our first encounter with this attendant was asking my 16 year old, quite harshly to put his seatbelt on. He had it on but removed to assist his sister and forgot to re-clasp. Anyway, it was just her tone and demeanor. Next encounter was when my 5 year old had to use the restroom. We were in line when it was announced that we should sit and I was told to go sit down - again, tone and demeanor was not friendly, nor polite so I asked if we could quickly go in as an accident would be a mess and her response was, \"a broken arm would be worse\". Before my conversation or scolding from her she was talking to an attendant next to her and then went right back to it after her comment like we were just a nuisance and should shoo away. The comment wasn't even the problem as she had a point, however, it could have been delivered in a more polite and kind way. When we finally got into the restroom after minor turbulence I noticed that someone had a problem down the front of the toilet.. of course I noticed after the fact and was disgusted that my daughter probably brushed up against it. When I came out of the bathroom the rude attendant was right there and I showed it to her and asked if they had someone that could wipe it up. Her response,\" we don't have cleaning supplies\". Earlier I noticed some gunk on the window shade and notified another flight attendant that was happy to get me a warm and wet cloth and I wiped it up - very pleasant exchange as she was happy I wiped that up and I was happy it was clean. I still appreciate Frontier, however, I hope they check employees attitudes and approach to customers. All the other attendants were friendly, fun and helpful. We didn't need much help but the male attendant entertained my daughter and many other people I saw as well. The flight was relatively pleasant but she definitely made it less so!"
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to San Antonio. The customer service for Frontier has to be the worst customer service I have had to deal with. Almost a month after booking my flight I receive a email that my reservation has changed and my flight from a direct flight to one with a layover, and has been moved up 10 hours with no other option to change to that day. I would have to either move up my flight nearly a day or pos pone by a day. They are unable to compensate for the inconvenience and cost that I will incur for having to book another flight so last minute. I understand things change but I have never had a flight change 10 hours unless weather related. There was no explanation for this change besides flight paths have been adjusted. When trying to reach a customer service representative I waited on hold for 3 hours the first day and never got through, and 1 hour the next day to finally get ahold of someone who was simply reading a script and clicking prompts."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Miami via Denver. They delayed our first flight 2 hours, making us miss our connection, which was also a Frontier flight. We had the hotel and car reserved, and we had to go back home and wait 24 hours to get their first available flight. All they said was \"Sorry for the inconvenience\". They don't clean the planes in between flights. My seat floor was covered in food. You can't sit on the seats for more than an hour without having your legs or butt numb. No snacks. No wi-fi. There's no baggage included in the tickets so you end up paying up to $60 for each luggage less than 50 lbs. Sorry Frontier, I would gladly pay a little more for a more serious airline. I tried to save a little but ended up losing a lot of money with their service. I'll only give them 2 stars because the customer service and the airport employees were really nice and not rude at all even though they only apologised and couldn't do anything but give us some useless vouchers for food inside the airport and hotel in our hometown. Other than that, it was a horrible experience."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Ft. Myers. In addition to our flights departure time being changed 3 times which made it go from 6am to 1:20pm, there was an issue and our flight has been delayed for who knows how long. There were not many updates and when there were, they were horrible and not very informing. They also kept mixing up the destination and confusing everyone. There was a flight for Philadelphia scheduled at 2:30pm behind ours and they planned to take our plane to the warehouse to fix it and give the Philadelphia passengers the new plane which is absolutely ridiculous considering we've been waiting longer. A similar scenario happened to my friend a couple weeks ago as well. I am not pleased with my experience at all and I will not be flying again."
"Verified Review | Washington to Colorado Springs. Frontier cancelled my flight without any notification to me - no call, email, or update on their app. When I looked at my boarding pass and confirmation information on the app there was no update to the flight that said it had been cancelled. I drove 2 hours from Richmond, VA to Dulles in DC for my flight at 4:30am and went to the gate only to see that the flight was cancelled. I had to go back to the ticketing desk to talk to a servicing company (no one from the airline was there) and they said they could only refund my ticket or rebook me on a flight on Monday. This is absolutely the worst I have ever been treated by an airline. I missed my nephew's first birthday party because of this horrible airline. And to make matters worse, they make you wait 1+ hours to talk to anyone on the phone to get a refund and make you listen to advertisements about their airline while you wait. They will not refund you for the time or money spent to get to the airport only for your flight to be cancelled out of nowhere."
"Verified Review | . I booked a flight with Frontier Airlines. Direct flight from San Diego to Cleveland. 5 days later I received an email that said my reservation was changed, and now included a 12 hour overnight layover. There is no way to refuse this new itinerary besides calling. I have now been on hold for 1.5 hours with no one responding to my call. This is completely unacceptable. I will not be traveling with them again."
"Verified Review | My Frontier 6:45 pm flight from Washington to Denver was delayed 1.5 hours due to weather which turned into 6 hours (that's leaving at 1am for a 4 hour flight) because the crew timed out and their personnel management team couldn't find a crew anywhere in DC (with three airports) to get us out any sooner. The people on the ground gave conflicting answers, the people at the help desk couldn't help. We were told we couldn't rebook on a different flight, and then overheard them doing exactly that for other people, but when we got back up to the desk, the alternate flight was full. We were told our luggage wouldn't follow us if we changed flights, then told to contact someone in Denver who said that they would. No interest in taking care of their customers at all."
"Verified Review | San Antonio to Las Vegas. I truly did not expect to encounter the rudest flight crew in my life. Aside from the outrageous cost of baggage, rude stewards, 7 times counting the passengers on a 1/2 filled flight, the late arrival because of the multiple counts, I can't think of any reason I would try to fly Frontier Airlines ever again nor will I recommend them. Sorry but that's how it was."
"Verified Review | Frontier probably have the lowest fares on the market and you get what you pay for: a seat on a flight, nothing more. No service nor comfort included on this flight from Seattle to Pittsburgh via Denver. Any additional service must be paid for which can double or even triple the base fare. It starts with the carry-on for which they will charge you basically just to use their over-bin space since they won't carry it for you, insane! If you add up a carry-on and two checked luggages (which are in comparison included in all Southwest's fares for instance) and assuming you would pay online upon booking, then expect to pay an additional $105 this summer! and even more if you pay upon check-in and/or at the airport. Would still fly with them again if they offer the lowest fares considering all the services I need."
"Verified Review | Columbus to Portland via Denver. Terrible airline. After missing my flight due to car trouble they charged $100 to rebook, ok my fault I get it. After rebooking for the following day I arrived in Denver on time, they had rebooked me with a 9hr layover in Denver, however upon arrival I noticed they had another flight departing to Portland within 1 hour. I confirmed at the gate that the flight was not full and made my way to the service counter where they told me it would be another $100 to rebook again! Instead of simply putting me in an empty seat and potentially selling my seat on the later flight they wanted to charge another rebooking fee. I asked to speak to the superior who told me \"that's how it goes here\". I and many others will not fly with them again because of the service."
"Verified Review | Denver to Seattle. The biggest joke of an airline I have ever flown with. If your favorite thing is to get hit with fees at any moment, this is the airline for you! After purchasing our tickets through Expedia we were required to pay for our seats once we reached the ticket counter and were required to pay $45 to carry on one bag each. We had to pay to carry on a piece of luggage that fit the standard size and weight.Do not expect any complimentary drinks, these all start at $2.99. What was also interesting is that in the premium seating, ~$21 per seat, the chairs do not recline. I assume that they do not recline throughout the entire plane."
"Verified Review | My return flight from Orlando to San Diego, originaly scheduled at 8.56 pm, was \"delayed\" already at 3.30pm by 3h 30min, i.e. for 12.30 am the next morning! At 10.30pm the plane was cancelled without any verbal announcement (my son noticed it on a display board). The airline offered no explanation for a reason of their decision. At the counter the rep offered either rebooking for the same flight 21 hours later or a full refund. Without any hesitation I chose the latter, considering four of us (2 children including) would have a slim chance getting on board of the plane most likely already fully booked. This airline seems to be a notorious abuser of timely flights, having hidden and excessive fees (a piece of luggage $70, carry on $35), and equipping its planes with most uncomfortable seats. Too much trouble with little savings to ever consider in the future for me. I will stay away from this carrier."
"Verified Review | Arrived 3 hours late on my Frontier Airlines flight from Denver to Atlanta on 22 June 2017. Flight attendants were very nice but the airline is pathetic. Had already purchased tickets for my wife and child for 27 June unfortunately. When picking them up in Denver, took hours after the flight arrived for 1 bag to come. They said they were understaffed. Why is that our fault? What did we pay an extra $45 for a checked bag for? Pathetic airline. Better to fly Southwest I expect. I'll be using other airlines for my business travel!"
"Verified Review | Houston to Denver. Coffee or even a cup of water is $3.00 a cup? Not good! I paid the additional $152.00 for premium boarding which covered my second checked in bag. It did cover it on the way over there but not on the way back. I paid $50.00 for the second bag on the return trip. What a violation of ethics and honesty as I see it. Luggage took 45 minutes to get to the carousel. I have flown over 100 flights in the past 12 years on other airlines and this never happened. I will not fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Will never fly with Frontier again. While the fares might be low, they stick it to you with baggage fees. We had same amount of bags going to Cancun as we did flying back to the US but got charged different rates. On top of charging so much for baggage, they want to charge you for a drink and snack. I think that should be included when you purchase your ticket. Then, the seats are so uncomfortable and feel cramped up."
"Verified Review | Frontier cancelled my Orlando to San Diego flight after boarding while trying to get to the runway. The airport has a 11:30 pm to 6:30 am curfew not allowing any departure flights during this time. The flight was on schedule to depart at 10:57 pm. At 11:32 pm, the plane only made it to some part of the runway only to announce the flight was canceled due to curfew and only a $10 breakfast voucher with no accommodation or compensation were to be offered. The next available flight would be at 1:30 pm. Most of us had to spend the night at the airport. There was no available rooms in the city. Staff was rude, inhumane and arrogant. On top of all, I had to spend $80 extra to check in my one piece of luggage and one carry on. Seats are very uncomfortable with no amenities for 5 hour long flight. Have never experienced this type of service anyware. Never again will I fly Frontier."
"Verified Review | Austin to Denver. Poor customer service, my flights have been delayed more than on time, over priced bag policy, and dirty planes complete this mess of an airline. They are just not worth saving $20 a seat when they screw up your plans consistently. Never again. 1 star only because 0 is not an option."
"Unverified | Atlanta to Las Vegas. After paying for luggage and seat assignments. Our tickets ended up costing us more than the airline that we usually fly with. On the day of our departure, Check in went smoothly. Then the problems began . Our flight was delayed three times and our departure gate was changed three times also. All total our flight was delayed for eight hours. We had no problems with the Frontier staff. But we witnessed numerous customers being talked to in a rude manner. This was our first time and last time to ever fly with Frontier. This airline did not save us any money .Nor did it get us to our destination on time. For future flights."
"Verified Review | After spending an incredible amount of money to pay for bags, our flight was delayed four times! Our original Frontier flight time was departing at 3:00 pm and arriving in Denver at 5:00 pm. Our flight got delayed from 3:00 to 5:55 to 6:28 to 7:30. We had a 5.5 hour drive from Denver and the Frontier employees did not seem to want to help anyone and their needs. I understand delays happen, but that is not the passengers fault and when an airline does not show any concern, it is the ultimate turn off from an airline. I will never fly this airline again and I would advise everyone to do the same. Terrible airline, scam you out of every cent you have and then don't show a sheet of concern when things go wrong when it's their fault! Terrible experience"
"Verified Review | Was set to fly out at 5:54pm from Milwaukee to Orlando and flight got delayed 3 hours. By the time we actually took off it was 3.5hrs. Never told why the flight was delayed but airport said we had to be on time for original flight in case, so we sat there for 5 hours. Frontier sent a voucher for next time which was nice but come Tuesday when we went to fly again to come back home flight was delayed 2 hours. Asked why it was delayed and they would not say. Every other flight at the airport was still taking off on time. Got on the plane and sat another 30+mins until it finally took off. Looking back now the $50 voucher we got is not worth it at all. I will never fly with Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Flew from Cincinnati to Denver. Worst airline in the business. Always delayed, sitting in the plane as I write this because the gate wasn't ready, its been 30 minutes since we landed. The seats are cramped, I'm 6'4\" and I do not fit into the seat, no leg room. Tried to go to the back where there were open rows but was yelled at to sit back in my assigned seat, so the 4 rows set empty the entire flight. Not worth the cheap tickets. Would highly not recommend flying Frontier."
"Verified Review | On my recent Frontier Airlines flight from Los Angeles back to Orlando the flight took off at 10 PM one hour into the flight it was announced we had to have to make an emergency landing in Phoenix and that they was going to dump all the fuel. As the plane came in to land the airport was littered with emergency vehicles. They then give us a $10 food voucher but nowhere was open in the airport to buy a drink or food at 3 AM. They finally found an old hotel and at 7AM we have to be back at the airport. I landed in Orlando at 5 PM - 11 hours late with no explanation of what I had happened and with a measly $200 compensation travel voucher. I lost a days pay at work which was far more than the $200 they gave me and an 11 hour delay treated like animals at the airport by there ground crew. I would never fly this airline again its the third time flying with them in the last year and all 3 delays. I can only say never again will I fly with Frontier Airlines - I would never recommend it to anybody"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Raleigh/Durham. Don't fall for low fares of Frontier Airline. This is a trap. You end up paying many times more. The worst airline I ever flew in my entire life. Ground staff was rude. I paid $ 60 for a small carry on (roll on bag) while others were allowed much bigger duffel bags on their backs."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Austin. I had high hopes for this flight. Leaving Las Vegas I was able to check in and when I did online, it said that I would have to pay for my carry on online or it would be double at the airport. So $40 online and $80 at the airport. I paid online and got to the airport and the agent said that my bag could be a personal bag and I didn't have to pay, but they can't issue a refund. Then the flight was on time until 10 mins before boarding. Long story short, my flight was and hour late boarding and 30 minutes late getting to Austin. The flight attendant was speaking intangible on the intercom and didn't know where the flight was going all times she announced it over the intercom. To make the situation even worse, the lights completely turned off as we the passengers were exiting the airplane and it took the pilot 5 minutes to get them cackle on. Pay the extra money and get better service and communication. I was really disappointed."
"Verified Review | I've flown Frontier a handful of times and have yet to be impressed. Today, was the piece de la resistance. I am writing this, while waiting for my baggage having flown from San Diego to Cincinnati. Because I have the time. I've had baggage delays at busy airports, not at airports that are empty, nor have I had them at airports where there is no other baggage to be loaded and sent to the claim. Yet here I stand, after having landed at the airport over an hour ago now, and having been waiting at baggage claim for an hour, to find out. They still have not dropped the baggage."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Cincinnati via Denver. My first flight was delayed over an hour with no explanation and when we finally arrived in Denver, it took an hour for us to get let off the plane. The flight attendants, however, were really accommodating (offered me a better, open seat). Due to my flight path, I was left to sleep in the Denver airport all night (really uncomfortable, very little sleep). And finally when it was time to take my next flight, the gate changed within an hour of the flight departure and my back happened to be turned away from the gate (no announcement was made and I was already confused due to the time change) and I missed the flight I had slept on the ground all night for. Exasperated, I went to the service desk and the agent informed me that \"Frontier doesn't page for missing passengers.\" And that it would be $99 to get the next flight out. The only saving grace were that my tears and genuinely exhausted appearance must have been enough for her to show some compassion and the fee was waived. If you're thinking about flying Frontier because \"it's cheaper\" don't. Spend a little more. Get an airline that actually cares if you're on your flight."
"Verified Review | I don't have the time or space to say everything I want to say, but I will say they are horrible and will never fly with them again. Our flight from Atlanta to Kansas was delayed. They gave us no updates as to where our plane was or when it was to be expected. They just laughed and joked around with their buddies about how \"Frontier is never delayed\". Obviously Frontier's staff do not have much respect for their company. Doesn't reflect well."
"Verified Review | Flew from Los Angeles to Atlanta with Frontier Airlines. This ticket was $20 cheaper than Delta. Our mistake to choose this airline. For the price difference, Delta is worth it. It seems that they do not clean the airplane from previous flights. Super dirty. Also, my seat on the returning flight was detached - meaning, I move, it moves. Do not recommend."
"Verified Review | Santa Ana to Denver. It would be impossible for a flight that lands back on the ground to be any worse. Frontier consistently, trip after trip, does a terrible job. Horrible website. Nickel and dime you for everything. Rude under trained staff. Bad flight times. I honestly think that they hate their customers. It would be impossible for them to design a worse travel experience. If there is ver an opportunity to take another airline I will."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier from Salt Lake City to Denver Colorado. Just when you think you're getting a break on your ticket they charged me $40.00 to check one bag. Then they totally forget my row for drinks. We landed at 10.47 pm and didn't get to a gate until 11.15pn and now we are still waiting for bags to start coming around the carousel and it is 12.05 am. What a joke this airline is and to think I have to go back home In 4 days in the same airline."
"Unverified | Sioux Falls to Denver. We had a 4 hour delay in SIoux Falls, SD which we could live with, but once boarded there were more computer issues and we sat there for another hour. On arrival in Denver we had another hour delay prior to getting off the airplane and another hour waiting for our checked bags. Due to these delays we were unable to pick up our rental car and had to find another one in the middle of the night in freezing rain and then drive 70 miles to our destination through a snow storm. If we wouldn't have been delayed it wouldn't have cost us $250 more for a car and $75 more for a shuttle for family that was meeting us. They sent us a lousy $50 voucher to use in the next six months which does us no good and I will not fly frontier again if I can help it. I sent a complaint to Frontier on their website and the CSR answered me with a \"sorry for the inconvenience\" and stated an entirely different flight and situation. I answered back with \"you could at least get that right\"! Very dissatisfied with Frontier and I feel sorry for the airline employees."
"Verified Review | Although the employees are human, I feel sympathy for them because the service is so bad and they have to deal with hundreds of angry customers. Long story short, Frontier used to be great, they were bought out, and now they are horrible. My last experience from NYC to Denver left me with a 3 taxi rides to and from the airport which far exceeded the price of my airline ticket. I will never buy a ticket from Frontier again just because they have cheeper prices. This was not my first bad experience with them as well."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Denver. Used to fly Frontier Airlines all the time but boy have they gone downhill. Nickle and dimed for every amenity. No complementary beverage service, chairs dont recline, trays the size of a small tablet. Rude agents, attendants who have no customer service skills. Nightmare"
"Verified Review | Denver to Salt Lake City. I will never ponder giving this airline a penny! I recommend flying with an airline that while more expensive treats you like you matter. I would not fly Frontier again even if it was free. Mostly rude employees who have the \"I'm doing you a favor by helping You\" attitude. I could write a story about my experience, however I just want people to be aware that the old adage 'you get what you pay for' couldn't be more true than with this airline."
"Unverified | Orlando to Las Vegas. Flight was initially cheap. If you are flying a short distance and don't need any luggage. Seats were not comfortable, thin cushions. Seat table size of a small tablet. Seats didn't adjust back. 6 hr flight! No wifi or entertainment. Needed more items for week long business trip, so had two pieces of luggage and one carry on, that cost me about $100 just for that. To get assigned seat that cost me extra also. The total cost I could of went on a different airline for that price and at least be comfortable and entertained. I won't be using this airline again."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Atlanta via Denver. The worst airline service in the industry! First, they charge super expensive fee for luggage or even for a small carry on bag which other airplane won't do. Second, I was late for work because of the 1.30 hour delayed on the plane after boarding, and they don't do anything about it such as giving us a complimentary drink or anything. The seat was horribly uncomfortable, I had leg cramps in the whole trip. They don't have wifi onboard. The only good thing about this airline is their cheap fare, but they easily suck your money by charging your baggage fee and a small carry on fee which you're going to pay more eventually than other airline where you can get better service with other airline company."
"Verified Review | Denver to Minneapolis. Horrid airline. They delayed us over 5 hours, had multiple mechanical issues and we had to board, get off, said issue was fixed, we had to get off again. Then it was two more hours they finally got a different plane. We did not land in Minneapolis until 3am, we were suppose to be there by 9. Over 170$ in hidden bag fees. They sent us a 100$ voucher, but how is that any savings when you pay through the nose for bags and have to pay for a carry on, plus, we were beyond exhausted and had to still drive 2 hours home. Not happy."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Salt Lake City. We got to the airport with 1:30 minutes before the flight. Was in a long line. I thought I should go to the front and ask them if I needed to get in the front of the line to. The lady at the counter told me you will be fine. All the people are line are waiting for the same flight. Well when we got to the counter. They informed us we were to late to check in. We still had 43 minutes before our flight left. They said they did a final call for our flight. But they didn't. Had been in the line the entire time. And when I did go up and ask. The lady told me to get back in line. I would make my flight. I understand if I make the mistake. But the lady at counter told me I would make my flight and to get back in line. So we missed our flight do to horrible customer service. And the flight to Orlando was delayed by 4 hrs due to maintenance. Isn't there scheduled maintenance? This has been a horrible experience."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Cleveland with Frontier Airlines. Seats are terrible. Like folding chairs. Don't recline. No ammeneties. Three+ hour delay and no comps. I was traveling with three small boys, and when two had to use the bathroom, the flight attendant sent us back to our seats because she was just about to start the snack tray up the aisle and couldn't wait 2 minutes. Always fly Frontier but haven't in about two years and it has gone downhill."
"Verified Review | I was delayed at the airport for the Frontier Airlines flight from Orlando to Milwaukee for more than 3 hours, and then delayed on the return at the airport for the flight from Milwaukee to Orlando for more than 3 hours. Frontier Airlines does not care about their customers."
"Verified Review | Austin to Denver. This ridiculous company is charging $40 for a checked bag and $45 for each carry on. Pretty sure nobody helped me with my carry on so what am I paying for? And why is it more expensive than a checked bag? The woman at the counter didn't print \"CHECKED BAG\" on my ticket, so I had to pay an additional $65 for my carry on. Either pay it or don't fly. Awesome Frontier. $110 for a bag I had to handle myself that is the size of a breadbox. I will never use your airline again."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Washington via Denver. This would be my first and last time flying Frontier. No customer support, no announcements. You should put in your personal interest to check and keep the refreshing the flight status by yourself in your phone or on the screen. The flight was delayed for more than 7 hrs, didn't see a single attendee saying least a sorry for the inconvenience. Just left all the passengers. Nobody explained the cause for the delay. I missed my connection in to DC from Denver. When I called the customer care, waited for almost 40 mins in queue, finally when answered no empathy or understanding the concerns. The people over the phone doesn't even understands English. Totally the service is so horrible."
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Las Vegas. If I could rate this airlines as less than a full star I would. While the staff on the airplane and at the counter at the airport were more than helpful, their customer service is less than helpful. In fact they're quite the opposite than helpful. When I bought my luggage and seat with their perks program online, they charged my debit card double once for me and for the other person in my reservation. I called immediately and they said they would refund half back to my debit card. Well two to three weeks passed and I never got it. I called and was told that it was refunded to a card that didn't belong gimme or anyone on my trip. I called back after figuring this all out and they told me that it went to my travel agents corporate credit card. I spoke with my travel agent and she said that it did not go there. I called back again and was told it can take 1 to 2 statement cycles for it to post. I work in banking so I know it doesn't take this long. Especially since on the first call they told me 7-10 days. I ended up disputing this with my bank who I also work for and it is in process of being corrected. Frontiers customer service did nothing but pass the buck off to other people and offered nothing for an inconvenience. Not to mention that they're supposed to refunded the money back to the card charged as per the agreement with Visa and MasterCard. They never even apologized for any of this. And when I spoke with a supervisor they were also less than helpful and when I asked to go above them the supervisor said there was no one else which I find extremely hard to believe. While my flight was great, the inconvenience, the rudeness, and utter incompetence of their customer service makes me never wish to fly this airline ever again."
"Verified Review | My first flight and last flight with Frontier Airlines flying from Orlando to San Francisco. This airline could not get anything right. Their check in system via the kiosk is misleading. They will charge you for a carry on despite the fact that it is free. My family was split during the flight and we had to kindly ask a passenger to switch so I could at least sit with my 6 year old while my wife sat with our 2 year old. Then they proceeded to lose the second half of our car seat. I will refrain from reviewing their non-reclining seats, lack of wifi or screens, and nickle and diming fir all other amenities. Do not fly this airline unless you have no other choice. There are no savings just inconveniences."
"Verified Review | Flying from Raleigh Durham to Trenton on 4/5/17 with the upgraded “the works” package, bag was not loaded onto flight. RDU confirmed the bag was still sitting in the baggage area, after the flight landed in Trenton. Not sure how this happened, as they only run one flight out of RDU per day. Called Frontier immediately and was told the bag would be delivered on 4/6. Called on 4/6 to confirm and was told it would be delivered on 4/7, since they realized they don’t fly out of RDU on 4/6. On 4/7, called to confirm and was told it was delivered to the Trenton airport and would be sent by courier that afternoon. Received a message 2 hours later that they didn’t have delivery address, even though it was given to 3 different people, 2 in Trenton and one in Denver. Also, they were calling the back-up number of a family member because they had put in the main cell number as a fax number. Tried to call back, but no answer. Bag did not arrive on 4/7. Called Frontier on 4/8 to confirm delivery and was told it would be delivered that day. Received a call an hour later saying they don’t deliver in that area and would send by Fed Ex, with arrival scheduled for 4/11, a week after the flight. Called back to say this was unacceptable, that since they were at fault for this situation, they should rectify the problem and have it delivered on 4/8, even if it would cost them extra to hire a courier. Was told they don’t do that and the bag would arrive on 4/11, unless we drive to the airport and pick it up ourselves, which is not possible because we don’t have a car there. No apologies, no empathy, and no other options pursued. Our family has been loyal to Frontier over the years, with minor issues that were tolerated. However, this lack of customer service shows Frontier’s true colors. This airline is not interested in quality of customer service, but rather quantity of flights that can be booked and profits to be made. You are better off paying a little more for better customer service. You certainly get what you pay for with Frontier!"
"Unverified | St. Louis to Las Vegas. For the third time in a row, my husband and I have been extremely disappointed in Frontier Airlines. Last spring was the first time we flew with Frontier. On our way to Cancun we had no problems, however we sat on the plane for over 3 hours waiting for take off coming home, which made us late for our connecting flight. The second time we flew Frontier was to Denver, Colorado from Kansas City, MO. Once again, we had to wait over an hour after we boarded the plane because they failed to fuel the plane before passengers arrived. The third and final time we will ever fly with this airline was this previous week. Coming home from Las Vegas our flight was scheduled at 12:35 am, the airline boarded early, resulting in them refusing to let us get through security because we were \"late\" although we arrived over an hour before departure. Not only did we not get to board our flight, the next flight out was not until 10 am the next morning, with a 9 hour layover in Denver. Once we arrived in Denver we were informed that the take off time would be delayed 2 hours. I have NEVER been with an airline that consist of so many delayed/cancelled flights and mechanical problems than with Frontier airlines. In addition, it is absolutely insane that Frontier charges for a carry on bag, especially when they charge more for a carry on bag and a checked bag. Horrible airline and even worse customer service."
"Verified Review | San Antonio to Portland via Denver with Frontier Airlines. This review might be different than others in the sense that I was unable to even go on my trip. I was supposed to fly out of San Antonio. I got to the airport an hour and a half prior to departure with my electronic boarding passes from the Frontier app, as instructed when check-in done last night. I followed the sign that said \"drop bags,\" since I was pre-checked. I waited in line for approximately 25-30 mins, while realizing there was something wrong because only agent was taking at least 10-15 mins with each passenger. When my turn came (40 mins prior to departure) I was informed flight had been delayed to 3pm , and possibly 4pm since plane had not left Denver. I would lose my connection to Portland. I was told I would not make my connection in Denver today, so I could take their next flight, tomorrow afternoon. I was supposed to attend a national conference in Portland the next morning. They could not place me in Portland until the following evening. There was no assistance to place me on another airline's flight because as was told \"we have no alliance with any other airline.\" My only option, get a refund and look for another flight myself. The \"refund process\" was started but I was not given a receipt because I was told, \"the email was sent, and once they approve it they will send you an email with information.\" This is supposed to be within the next 7-10 days, I was informed. I was given a screenshot as receipt by the rep, who voiced being the manager on site, but who wasn't willing to give me his name, because of security reasons? I was unable to fly another airline because my other 2 options (late night flights) would cost me U$500 one-way. Needless to say, I went home extremely frustrated and sad at the lack of empathy, ethics, or responsibility from this airline. Not to mention the many other cancellations I had to do because of this irresponsibility. Do yourself a favor, pay a little more and fly an airline that will guarantee arrival at your destination, or who would graciously assist you to get on another flight, if need be."
"Verified Review | Do yourself and your family a huge favor and avoid this airline. Seats are uncomfortable, checking bags at counter is a nightmare, and be prepared to wait up to an hour for luggage to come off plane. There were 100 plus people in line at Palm Beach and zero employees at the Frontier Counter less than two hours before our flight. You must check bags at counter to fly. People were running to make the flight because the line was so long. Chaos at baggage claim when we landed. Not enough handlers to remove bags. Horrible."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Orlando to San Francisco. The plane was late in both directions due to non-existent weather conditions. Many other customers and myself asked for a free drink - just water, juice or something - and were refused. Plane was cold and no blankets were available. I will never fly Frontier again after this experience."
"Verified Review | Washington to San Diego. The worst airline I have been on. I have flown with them twice since their prices were somewhat better but I think I will pay more for for a better experience with another airline. I flew the same route (Dulles, to Orlando then to San Diego) and both times my bags did not show up. Not sure what goes on but bags from dulles apparently get left in dulles and make it on the next flight which is ridiculous. They charge 40 dollars for a checked bag also which I never got refunded even though they said they would. They charge for soft drinks which every airline I've been on its usually complimentary. The seats are uncomfortable and the space is extremely small. Again, terrible experience both times I've flown and will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Denver to Los Angeles. What a nightmare this airline seems to be. The last two time I have used Frontier Airlines both March of 2016 and March of 2017 they have cancelled my flight and put us on a earlier flight without notifying us. In 2016 we were on a red eye flight and when I printed my boarding pass I seen they changed our flight to leave at 6pm instead of 1159pm I had one hr to get the 4 of us to the airport to catch my flight. Well this year or flight was delayed 2 hrs and we were forced to sit on the plane with no air or anything to drink. On the return flight we were on a 550pm flight returning to Denver. We got up in the morning to print boarding pass at the hotel. When we went in they again changed our flight from 550pm to 920am, we missed our flight and never had a notice it was changed. Well they could not get us on another flight into the next day, so missed work a day and had to pay for hotel for another night. We had paid for extended seating on the 550 flight but did not get it on the new flight and were told we could upgrade for 50 per seat in the same seats we already upgraded role 1 and 3. Frontiers seats are so close with no leg space so the person behind me had there legs under my seat and his boots were in the way so I could not even put my legs down without resting them on his boots! I have one more flight with Frontier coming up in May and will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Salt Lake City via Denver. I will never book another flight on Frontier Airlines again. The review asks for when was the last time you flew on this airline, but my son never even got to fly out. He was supposed to fly out at 6:30 this morning for SLC and they cancelled the second part of his trip at the last minute. While they did refund his money, they were of no help getting him on another flight, so his entire trip had to be cancelled. I've spoken with a number of friends regarding this and no one seems to have nothing good to say about this airline."
"Verified Review | Abysmal customer service. Frontier Airlines canceled our flight from Orlando to San Francisco after delaying it over and over again and all attendants disappeared. No one tried to get us accommodation or a new flight. Many passengers ended up having to pay out of pocket for a new flight and the airline is still dodging sending out reimbursement forms. Unreliable, unprofessional, and frankly uncomfortable flights. Spend the extra fifty bucks on an airline that won't leave you stranded."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Austin. Absolute worst flight I've ever flown. My flight was delayed 2 hrs and we were not informed until 1 min before original planned take off. We were told their system didn't update them on time. What a lousy excuse."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Denver. Let me start by saying that if I could give a 0/10 I would- Frontier Arline is the worst airline I have ever been on. Plane was very uncomfortable , the flight attendance were VERY rude, and the wait for everything was unusual long! The flight attendance were rude when speaking to the passengers. The flight attendance sat in their seats for most of the flight (not a bumping flight) and were rude to passengers when they needed to use the restroom. While they were passsing out drinking my mother asked the flight attendant if she could give her a cup to throw away, the flight attendant replied \"nope\" and kept moving."
"Verified Review | Denver to Seattle. I only chose 1/10 because I couldn't choose 0/10!! I booked a flight to Seattle for $165 round trip. When I went to check in online, I was charged an addition $116 for a checked bag, one carry on, and my seat (because apparently your seat isn't included in the purchase price), via \"the perks\" option. This charge stated it was my additional cost for my round trip flight. There was no in flight entertainment, they charged you for refreshments (that they only accepted debit or credit as payment for), and they passed out credit card applications to everyone on board. The seats are miserable and the plane lacked cleanliness. Next came my return flight. I flew out at 6:40 at night. I wrapped up work, and headed to the airport 4 hours early, to check my bag, so I wouldn't have to drag it around. Unlike United, they only show up two hours prior to departure to check bags for the flight, though none of this information is told to you when you purchase your ticket. They also refuse your bag 45 minutes before departure, leaving one hour to check everyone's bags, so the line was huge, and the ticket agent showed up 20 minutes late!! When I finally got to the counter to check my bag, I was charged another $60, and was told \"the perks option only covers a checked bag and carry on on my initial flight, and only my checked bag on my returning flight. Unreal! The return flight was exactly the same as the one here. I basically paid a total of $350 for a crappy flight with poor customer service. I will never fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | This was my first and last experience with Frontier Airlines. My girlfriend and I booked a red eye from Salt Lake City to Tampa via Denver as it was the only flight that worked with our schedule. We pre-paid for our checked baggage, and arrived at the check-in counter 42 minutes prior to departure. The employee behind the desk informed us that they do not allow checked baggage later than 45 minutes to departure, and that no one was available to bring our bags to the gate. I asked if she could check with the luggage people, she would not. I asked if the other employee at the counter playing on her phone could help, she said they were not going to the gate and could not help. After realizing the lost cause we discarded $80 worth of toiletries to get through security. Upon arriving at the gate, the same employee was there (even though she said she wasn't going to be) and there were 2 luggage employees sitting at the top of the jetway playing on their phones. Apart from the lack of customer service, both the employee and her supervisor were incredibly rude and condescending. In addition the seats were cramped, the drink service was horrible, and they nickel and dime you for everything."
"Verified Review | Washington, DC to Las Vegas via Denver. My initial flight was delayed I was never notified of a delay until I arrived at the airport. Due to my flight delay I was going to miss my connecting flight in Denver. I was offered no compensation or even a hotel although the earliest flight I could catch would be the next morning. I had a hotel booked in Vegas not only did they not agree to compensate me for that room they wouldn't get me a hotel room in Denver and expected me to wait at the airport for 13 hours. Once arriving in Denver I saw that my original connecting flight was delayed and had to jump through hoops to be put on that flight. The flight attendants were rude and customer service is horrible. I would recommend paying the extra money to flight with a decent airline like Delta or United. I only have one star because they wouldn't let me do zero."
"Verified Review | Flew from Salt Lake to Phoenix. Overall this was the worst airline I have flown. Airplane so dirty. Seats so uncomfortable, my husband and I paid for extra room leg however there wasn't any room leg at all. I paid $30 and I didn't get anything, the seats don't even recline back. I pay $60 to check my bag. Nothing on the plane to entertain yourself with. To get a drink onboard was $2.99, but water was free. I will never recommend Frontier."
"Verified Review | Never again! Bought round trip tickets with Frontier Airlines for two from Columbus to Orlando Intl. Had a family medical emergency so had to return sooner. Stuck with buying 2 new tickets. Their web browser went down. Got to the ticket desk and was charged $30 for them to pick my seat. They said now you will be charged $45 for me to carry my own bag which was appropriate size or $40 for them to carry it. Now, my flight was to depart at 12.20. The plane broke down in Orlando and now, I am stuck at the airport with a 2yr old until 3.30. Still waiting to board 4 hours later! So, you are held hostage. Pay for extras which is up to them, or you don't get on your non refundable flight! Click on baggage fees and web link broken. How convenient."
"Verified Review | Worst experience in all of my years of travel. Flew Frontier Airlines from Orlando to Seattle. The flight was delayed three times with no announcement. Stood in line for 45 min to get help, after I had already stood in line for ten minutes to be told first they weren't sure what was going on. Then moved the line for my connecting city letting people cut in front of those already waiting. The crowd was ready to lose it. I was told it would take two days to get home and my situation wasn't their problem. The staff were rude beyond forgiveness. The airline wasn't willing to pay for hotel or car or handle a flight with any other airline. The fares were not great, the baggage fees were double other airlines. No free snack drinks. No compensation for anyone's troubles. Delays out of control are one thing but poor customer service is another. I am so dumbfounded by the horrible staff. Has Frontier read any of their reviews? Astonished they haven't improved anything based on all the complaints. Never again!"
"Verified Review | Columbus to Las Vegas. Stay away. Luggage cost us an extra $80, Seat Selection $24, all drinks cost $$. A 4 Hour flight and the flight attendants make one pass with the beverage cart. The seats could not be more uncomfortable - hard and no recline."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier from Philadelphia to Orlando. I decided to give Frontier a try when Southwest had no convenient flights. What looked to be a reasonable fare turned out to be anything but. This airline gouges its customers for every possible penny. In order to get a seat to sit in and a space for my carry-on I had to pay another $94.00 (round trip). Once on board the gouging continued, with very expensive snacks/drinks - no free water from these guys. I ended up paying over $400.00 for a ticket originally quoted at around $260.00. I will never use this airline again. Even at a what I thought was a high price, SouthWest was a bargain. On a positive note, the crew were extremely courteous. Even though they had to push a hard sell on Frontier credit cards and a points offer that barely offset their outrageous prices. The cheap and uncomfortable plastic seats did nothing to enhance this sorry experience."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to New Orleans. My wife and I took our first Frontier flight earlier today. We purchased the tickets through Orbitz. Everything about the experience was a nightmare! First, the flight was delayed. Then upon entering the plane, we were taken out of line and charged $60 for a small carry-on which could have fit beneath the seat in front. The fee was not indicated at the time of ticket purchase. Therefore, we attempted to question the ethics of charging an unadvertised fee, and the representative at the gate was extremely rude. Specifically, she said to take our issue up with a representative of the company (which we mistakenly thought that she was). Once boarded, we discovered that the seats were primarily made of molded plastic with very little cushion. In fact, there was so little room that our knees were up against the seats in front. On top of that, during the flight, the staff was rude to the customers on the plane. They charged $2.95 for a small soft drink. There was no inflight entertainment. And they kept hawking their Frontier credit card for a charge of $69 annually. Never again will we fly this airline!!"
"Verified Review | Santa Ana to Philadelphia via Denver. Terrible customer service and dirty planes. Clicked the wrong box while booking a flight and hit checked bag instead of carry on. When I noticed this upon check in, I did not have time to rectify the situation over the phone and in order to avoid a problem at the gate I paid again for a carry-on bag. Upon calling customer service a couple of days after my flight to get refunded for the checked bag that I accidentally hit, I was told there was never a time I could be refunded unless the flight was canceled. Spoke with a supervisor and was told that if they made an exception for me they would have to do it for everyone and change the policy. I don't think anyone has said that to me since my 1st grade teacher. I indicated I was a frequent flyer with them and would not continue to fly if they were not able to accommodate a simple mistake and asked point blank if they were willing to lose a customer over $80 and they still said there wasn't anything they could do. I will never fly with them again. This was icing on the cake to all of their hidden fees and dirty airplanes with \"pre-reclined\" seats. The woman next to me had to get someone to wipe her seat before she sat down as there was a nasty, unknown brown stain."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to St. Louis via Denver. Will never fly Frontier Airlines again. I have used a lot of airlines in my lifetime, but Frontier was the worst, by far. Arriving at the airport they charged us for our luggage (40-45.00/per bag). That alone put us over the amount offered by competitors. Plus they charged us again on the way back! We were going to use the kiosk to check in, but they said we would still have to wait in the enormously long line (1 hr). We get on the flight and the seats are like lawn chairs, and they don't recline! The serving cart comes down the aisle and we find out that we have to pay for everything but a small cup of water. On our return flight there is a delay (2 hrs). We arrive at our stop-off in Denver to catch our connecting flight, but that flight leaves 15 mins before we arrive. We go to the customer service desk and they tell us that our flight from Las Vegas wasn't delayed and that we just missed the flight. I tell them it was delayed by two hours. Finally, after two hours of waiting at the desk till midnight, they admit that the flight we just took was delayed. They tell us that there isn't another flight until the following evening, but that was booked. Finally, the shift supervisor shows up and gets us on the flight the next evening and gives us a voucher for a room at a hotel. Of course the following day we have to be out of our room at 11am, so we have to find somewhere to hang out until that evening when the flight leaves. The food vouchers are only good at the airport and they are for 10 and 15 dollars which doesn't go far at an airport eatery. Plus we have to pay for cab fare from the hotel to the airport to use them, and that is about 15 miles away. We finally get on the flight the next evening and sit on the tarmac for an hour so that they can de-ice the plane (1 hr). Of course we arrive late in St. Louis and wait another hour for our luggage. This is the worst run airline I have ever used. The trays are the size of an iPad, the seats are about as uncomfortable as you can get. The pilots were good, despite the horrible weather coming into St. Louis, and the attendants were good too. That is the only good thing I can say."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Cancun return. I like nothing about this airline. Extra charges for everything including water. Seat look like they off a bus. Uncomfortable, did not recline, tables about the size of an IPAD. Flight Attendants treated us like we were kids on a school bus. Insulting. Unfamiliar with custom procedures at PHL. Insisted we fill out a form that was not even used at PHL."
"Verified Review | Washington to Salt Lake City via Denver. I would not take Frontier again. Attendents are polite and the flights are nice not rough spots or anything. However, this airline will charge you a $40 fee for checked baggage or $45 for carry on, even if you have a lay over from another Frontier flight. I flew from Ronald Reagan Washington With Frontier to Denver and paid the $45 for carry on. I had a 3 hr layover in Denver to Salt lake. They wanted me to pay the $45 again before boarding for SLC. $90 for carry on baggage for a flight with layovers? We can't control that, I'm sure we would all appreciate direct flights at any given time. I do. You also better pack your bag with treats and snacks. They cost money on the flight too, besides water. That is free."
"Verified Review | Flight from Atlanta to San Francisco with Frontier Airlines. Paid double the ticket price to check in bags. Flight was $75 and the baggage fee was $145. My son flew this flight. I flew 2 weeks later from San Francisco to Atlanta and charged a completely different baggage fee carrying the same exact item. Called customer service to ask \"Why?\" they have no answer and said it's up to who ever checks you in. From SFO to ATL they misplaced 1 bag, they allowed a daily spending fee and dropped off the bag on a Sunday at 3am. The daily fee was minimal. The cheapness of the flight is made up in fees. No drink or food without being charged besides a small glass of water."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Charlotte. Got to airport 2 hrs before flight time to check bag. Took us 2 hrs 35 min to get to counter. Several hundred people in line. Employees rude as hell. Self serve kiosks didn't work. Arrive at Charlotte and waited 42 minutes on tarmac to get to gate due to another aircraft occupying our gate."
"Unverified | Orlando to Salt Lake City via Denver. What a joke. Downloaded my boarding pass and pre-paid for a checked bag (don't give you the first bag free). Got to the airport and still had to stand in a long line to drop off the checked bag. No curbside valet. Ended up standing in the regular check-in line, as the bag drop line was longer and crawling. Guy I will assume was the supervisor told me to stand in the bag drop line, but the one he directed me to was wrong. Employee behind a counter rudely told that only people on last call for their flight could immediately drop off their bag. Everyone else, regardless of how they paid or checked in, had to stand in line. Add to that Frontier charges for a carry-on beyond one personal bag and there isn't any reason to choose this airline over a more expensive option. Going to stick with customer-centric lines like Delta, United and Southwest. Last Frontier trip ever."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Kansas City. Frontier Airline seemed a decent choice because it was relatively cheap but still had valid times for the trip we had planned in May this year (2017). However, as things happen, we had to cancel our flights due to unforeseen circumstances. It was only as I requested a refund that I realized we would be charged 100 dollars each for cancelling the flights almost 3 months in advance. This is absurd; while I fully admit that I didn't familiarize myself with the cancellation process, being charged almost full price anyway despite not even using the airline is outrageous and certainly unethical. I will be going out of my way to avoid using Frontier Airlines again, and they must be persuaded to more fully and faithfully advertise the costs associated with their booking process. I do not recommend this airline, especially if you're running on a tight budget and can't afford ridiculous charges in case of a change in plans."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Orlando. Flight landed at 0540 am and had to sit on runway 40 minutes waiting for a plane with mechanical issues to move from gate. At that time in the morning would think another gate could be used instead of having an entire plane full of people sitting on runway. Pilots informed would be 3-4 minutes initially. Booked flight using Frontier site. Asked for additional fees every step of the way multiple times. Seats tiny, do not recline. Will not fly Frontier again regardless of how much can save by doing so - not worth it."
"Verified Review | Miami to Salt Lake City. If you have an electric scooter stay away from Frontier. They told me that I could not pre check our bags because we had an electric scooter that needed to be checked at the counter. When we got to the counter they charged us the full baggage price for all of our bags. After fighting with them for 2 days after our flight they did refund the extra charges. This is a very poor company with horrible customer service."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Cincinnati. Frontier Airlines is a joke. When I showed up for my flight Thursday I was informed I had not checked in on time. They overbooked the flight and did not have a seat available for me. I was only given the option of rebooking the next day, 24 hours later. I missed flying to my destination by a day. I also later found out they charged my credit card $99 for a \"rebooking fee\" when I tried to contact them about this I could not get in touch with anyone regarding the matter. They have no customer service, and they overbook flights."
"Verified Review | I have never left a review for anything, however I felt the need to write this review during my 5 hour delay. After my plane was hit by another aircraft before even taking off, we were taken off our plane and brought back to the terminal where we were given no information for 2 hours. Then I was given a re-routed ticket, 5 hours from my original departure, on a different airline. Unfortunately, my return ticket is through Frontier, but after that I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Orlando. Be careful with Frontier Airlines, by far the worst experience from flying out to the customer service. I'm from Sacramento and I took a flight from San Francisco because it was 100$ cheaper. I would much rather pay 100$ extra than to fly with Frontier in the future. No snacks or beverages - they charged for everything. They have no free carry on baggage - I had too pay 80$ there and back. I figured out now why it's so cheap and so uncomfortable. Instead of saving money I wasted more than I planned to. Spend a little more and have a better experience."
"Verified Review | Kansas City to Denver. I've flown with frontier a few times over the years and it's been average. Definitely not the best, but it's cheap so sometimes it's doable. However, the staff in Kansas City treated me horribly for no reason and it definitely put a bad taste in my mouth. Probably won't fly again with them."
"Unverified | Frontier Airlines would not properly accomodate my service dog. Seats are so cramped and flight overbooked. Tried to make arrangements ahead, but said I had to do it at the gate. Squished me and my 66lb service dog in a window seat in the back of the plane for 3.5 hour flight. They moved me 3 times! Never use them if you have a service animal. What a nightmare!"
"Verified Review | Washington to San Diego. I booked this flight to go on vacation to see my friend in California. My flight was delayed 2 hours leaving Washington DC area. I was to have a 48 hour layover in Orlando and then make the connecting flight to San Diego. My itinerary states that I would be on the same flight for both legs of the journey. When I arrive in Orlando, they tell me I missed my flight and the plane I just was on was not leaving the airport. The earliest they could get me a flight to my destination was literally 24 hours after I landed in Orlando. All of the hotels were booked so I had to sleep on the floor of the airport until my next flight. Frontier Airlines refused to compensate me in any manner for their mistake. Now I am waiting to get on my newly schedule flight when it is delayed 3 more hours. Mind you, this is like deja vu because the plane was coming from D.C. And is to be taking us to San Diego. So how is it that the plane today coming from D.C. Was taking me to San Diego but I missed the flight yesterday? Frontier did not acknowledge this. My trip was to be Thursday night to Monday morning. I literally lost over 1/3 of my trip because Frontier Airlines messed up. And they will not take responsibility. Everyone I have spoken with has been discourteous and rude and refuse to compensate me for spending over 27-28 hours stuck in the Orlando airport. Frontier Airlines do not care about you or any of their customers. I wish I would have known before I wasted so much money and time to hang out in an airport."
"Verified Review | Denver to Minneapolis. There can't possibly be an airline worse than Frontier Airlines. First we were forced to pay $100.00 per ticket to change our flights a month before flying. When booking we neglected to pay an additional $6.00 each to choose our seats. I didn't believe that meant they would separate our two seats that were booked together. Is this enticement for us to pay additional money to secure seats or enticement for us to never fly frontier again. We are electing to never fly Frontier Airlines again. I don't care if we have to pay more or encorporate layovers in our future travels. Frontier is an embarrassment to the airline industry."
"Verified Review | Outbound my wife an I flew from Seattle to Denver on Delta. Nice seats, complimentary snacks and free carry-on bags. When we flew back to Seattle from Denver we flew Frontier as both flights came as a package deal using Travelocity. I wasn't aware that Frontier had a carry-on fee of $30. When we got to the gate a Frontier representative announced that if you have carry-on bags you should have a ticket with that annotated it on it. We did not have that annotation. We were forced to pay $60 per bag to take our carry-ons home. Then, while on the plane, I witnessed passenger 18C ask the attendant if he had to pay for his bag in the overhead stowage. To my disbelief she put his bag in the stowage and said don't worry about it. Lesson learned: act dumb and they'll not worry about the fee. To add insult to injury, the last 20 minutes of the flight we were bombarded with the flight attendant advertising their credit card and it's benefits. They went so far as to pass out applications and have passengers fill them out before they got off the plane. Besides that, the seats were uncomfortable on the A319 without the ability to retract and little to no leg room. Needless to say, I will not be riding or recommending Frontier to anyone ever."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Chicago O'Hare to Tampa. My husband approached the check-in counter and the employee there told him she was not working at the moment. He approached the counter a second time and there was a different employee that time. He asked her if she was working this flight - due to the response from the previous employee, and she replied very rudely - \"Obviously! I'm standing here!\" This is our first time traveling with Frontier and we are not impressed! Customer service should be a priority when working a job in which you deal with people all day. I think we'll be taking our service elsewhere next time. First impressions are huge."
"Verified Review | My flight from Denver to San Francisco got cancelled 8 hours prior to departure. The email was three sentences long and did not give a reason. I was upset, but just tried to see if they could put me on their afternoon flight tomorrow instead. Was on the phone to re-book my flight for 45 minutes, and when the representative finally answered, he told me the next available flight would be in 4 days! I was already upset about this and my waiting time, so while I looked at different airlines for an earlier flight, asked the rep to wait for 2 minutes. After quickly finding a better flight with Southwest, I looked at my phone and the representative had hung up! Had to recall again and wait another 30 minutes just to ask for a refund. Had to book the flight with a different airline and spent about $100 more than I needed to. Not to mention my flight coming to Denver from San Francisco earlier (this was a round-trip flight) got delayed 4 hours! Frontier has rude and unreliable customer representatives, poor flight services, and always have delayed/canceled flights. Pledging to not fly again with Frontier in 2017. I hope anyone that reads this also will take the pledge with me."
"Verified Review | Denver to Orlando return. Terrible regarding everything. Leaving Orlando they were completely unorganized and the bording passes wouldn't work. They made us go back and get new ones which caused us to almost miss our flight. They didn't care at all. Horrible customer service. They charge you for all carry ons. They also charge an additional \"seat charge\" on top of what you pay for your ticket. Which I was not aware of until check in. On the way back from Denver, they lost our luggage. They had know idea where it was or when they would find it. Again, they could care less. Zero compensation and once again, absolutely terrible customer service."
"Verified Review | Denver to New Orleans. Our flight got cancelled 18 hours before we were suppose to fly out and the only thing customer service would help with was a refund or get us a flight two days later. I told them we had a cruise to be at by Saturday and I begged for help to get us on any flight, even a flight close to our destination. We were told there is nothing they can do and the rep told me she can't make \"magic\" happen and just argued with me. The agent was supposed to be the supervisor and she was rude, inconsistent and could really could care less about our concerns. We were offered no help and by the end of and hour and half call she refunded our money but only to be a different amount than what was originally told. We had to book a flight with another airline for Friday and pay $1000."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Phoenix via Denver. First off the appearance of the staff from this airline is not professional. My first flight out was from MSP airport with flight to Denver, that was delayed no real reason was given as to why the delay had occurred. Upon our late arrival to Denver my connecting flight to Phoenix was boarded therefore we were late and missed the flight. No fault of our own, so the attendant at the gate said to see the customer help desk. Which did not really provide any real relief besides saying she can get us on a flight out tomorrow granted it's barely 3:30pm Tuesday. I began to tell her that's not good enough why do I have to lose a whole day for a mistake that was made by Frontier. She than said I can put you on \"stand by\" which I proceeded to ask what that meant, she said I can maybe get you out on the flight for Phoenix at 9:32. I was not pleased with this either but I needed to get home Tuesday night not Wednesday. But this was just a maybe nothing was certain so that also caused my wife and I stress because we don't even know if we're getting home. So we began to wait what other option did we have, than as no surprise the flight is delayed once again now it departs at 9:50 so we continue to wait and than it happens again! Another delay this time it change to 10:50. Frontier has been the worst airline I have used and I do not recommend it. Failure in communication with customers, poor customer service, rude staff, and overall lack of professionalism throughout the company. Granted I only got to see what it is like in Minneapolis and Denver but that's all I need to say I will never fly with Frontier"
"Orlando to San Francisco. We made a family vacation to Florida, and was looking for a direct flight to come back to SFO. Only Frontier and United came in my search and looking through price difference and availability I preferred Frontier (given some of the better experiences we had 5 years ago flying Frontier). Going through the booking, with all the fees for each and every step, I somehow felt that my family will deserve a good trip back after a great vacation and so I took the first few row seats paying that 45$ fee/ seat. At MCO, when I came to check in the lack customer service bothered me but I was thinking it would improve once onboard. But everything went south and I should be thankful now for that agent in MCO because rest of those I met along the way are much worse. I don't know how they can employ and run a company which is pathetic. Seats are so hard you cannot sit for more than 2 hours, Pilots do not give any information during take off, mid flight or landing making this feel like sitting in a black hole for 6 hr flight. Once you land in SFO, to pick up the luggage it takes closer to an hour. We couldn't even find a ground crew to ask questions and the entire Frontier desk was deserted. So many families traveling with kids like me, by then are left helpless with even the number listed on airport call doesn't work. One of the worst experiences in my life and would never step my foot on this airline or recommend this to anyone."
"Verified Review | Austin to Minneapolis via Denver. Terrible experience. I had a connection and there was delay in landing after the first flight. When we got to our final destination my bag (and the bags of all passengers who flew using this connection) did not arrive. The person at the counter was rude, not helpful and gave us false information regarding the time of the arrival and the numbers we can use to contact her. When I insisted for the information, she threatened to call the police to escort me out."
"Verified Review | Frontier Airlines flight cancelled from San Antonio to Denver while we were on the way to the airport. Customer service would not answer the phone all day long. This was a planned ski trip for our family. tickets were bought and paid for in advanced to keep expenses down since this involved 6 people. We were left scrambling at last minute during the holidays trying to find flights to our destination. We found a flight out on a different airline and ended up paying more for the one way flight than we paid for the roundtrip to begin with. Our trip was shortened by one day and we had to make adjustments for the car rental and condo as well. Frontier was absolutely no help on anything. They could not even answer the phone. Don't fly this airline if you want to arrive at your destination. They are not reliable. Take your own food as it is $4 for water or a snack. They have gone down hill since last time we flew with them many years ago."
"Verified Review | Denver to Los Angeles. Frontier used to be a quality carrier. Have lived in the Denver area for 20+ years and they were always the \"go to\" airline for us. I now vow to never fly them again. First leg of our trip was 4.5 hours delayed with no weather issues on either end. Now we are sitting for our return flight home and have just been notified of at least a 1.5 hour delay and again there are no weather issues on either end. I feel sorry for the hardworkng employees who are finding themselves dealing with unhappy passengers due to poor management. Sorry Frontier but after this travel experience you have lost a faithful customer of many years."
"On December 18th my new wife and I were traveling home from the Riviera Maya, Cancun where we spent our honeymoon. We arrived at the Cancun airport to a one hour delay. This is understandable. At the baggage check-in, I was informed I would have to pay 40 dollars to check my bag. On the way to Cancun this was no problem, and we traveled with one bag for the both of us. Why was I charged 40 dollars? Then the delay extended an additional hour. Once we boarded and took off I noticed some of the worst service. The flight attendant kept treating customers like children and conversing with the pilots at the front of the plane for several hours, meaning passengers had to use the latrine at the rear of the plane, creating a long wait. We arrive late to Denver, went through customs and arrived at the baggage re-check station. We waited, and waited, and waited. Finally, a fellow passenger dialed Frontier from their own phone for information. We were told to travel to the front of the airport and wait in line at the main check in station. Mind you, there were probably 400 people in that area. After waiting 2.5 hours for our now delayed flight 571 to Salt Lake City in a line with no direction or information, we arrived at the ticketing counter for baggage drop. The attendants acted like they didn’t know anything. They informed us that our flight had been canceled and we would have to take one of two options. Wait and fly out on Wednesday (mind you it’s Sunday night at about 1230) or take a refund, which could take 5-10 business days to receive. Frontier offered no other help, offered no condolence for their errors and simply pushed us along and said not our problem. After an hour of frustrated searching through other airlines to discover it was a hopeless venture to attempt to fly out of Denver, we decided to rent a car and drive the 8 hours from Denver to Salt Lake City."
"Flew with Freebird in July when we went on holiday to Fethiye and I would not fly with them again. The cabin was uncomfortably hot, as others have pointed out. I ended up with chapped lips and an awful cough because of it. The selection of food and drink available on board is poor. Mainly crisps and overpriced fuzzy drinks. Not good enough! The seats were old and tatty and mightily uncomfortable to sit on. Leg room was very poor as the seats were packed in like sardines causing severe discomfort. I know that plane toilets are never pleasant places but the ones on here were dreadful. Unflushable toilets, broken sinks, overflowing paper towel bins, yuck. The only good thing was that the hostesses (the same crew both ways) were kind. They deserve much better than this."
"Verified Review | My son and I booked a round trip flight from Phoenix to St. Louis on Frontier Airlines. This was my first experience with Frontier and in regards to the flight out, I was quite impressed. The flight left on time and the aircraft was clean and new. I was considering getting the Frontier Airlines credit card as I envisioned taking Frontier on a regular basis based upon my initial flight impression. Well, that all changed. After driving 3 hours to the airport and arriving 2.5 hours before our flight I received a notice on my phone that the flight from St. Louis to Phoenix was cancelled. No reason given, just cancelled. I went to the gate to speak with a Frontier representative. This was about 6:30 pm and I heard the poor guy tell the the woman in front of me that he had been on since 2:30 am as he asked her to please not get on his case. I spoke with him to inquire what my options were now that Frontier had cancelled my flight. He suggested I try American Airlines if I wanted to get home. He explained the flight would not be rebooked and the only thing I could do was get a refund. No voucher, no hotel. This is unacceptable. I booked a flight on Southwest (great airline) but the two 1-way tickets now cost me more than the round trip tickets had cost me on Frontier - much more. I realize this is a budget airline but lets get real. If they cannot fulfill their obligation by pulling a plane in, even the next day, to complete my contract for travel they should not be in business. In a similar situation, Allegiant Air gave everyone a taxi voucher to a hotel, a night in a hotel, and brought an aircraft in the next morning to complete the travel. That is the example Frontier needs to follow. This was my first and last experience with Frontier. Hardly a budget airline if you have to purchase a ticket from another airline at a much higher price to get home because of this airlines lack of service."
"Verified Review | Denver to Cleveland via Columbus. Frontier is the worst business I have had an interaction with. I don’t know how they spread so much rage and still stay in business. Our flight to Cleveland was one of hundreds canceled out of Denver the weekend before Christmas. They tried to claim it was weather related, even though it had been beautiful for days and no other airlines were having these problems. Lines were horrendously long to talk to customer service and remedy our canceled flight. We were lucky and only waited a little over an hour. The customer service agent seemed like she could care less. She was not helpful at all. She had no recommendations for us. We were told we couldn't fly into Cleveland until Friday (this occurred at 9am Monday). We finally got out of her that we could get tickets on a flight to Cincinnati. Upon asking about our luggage that had been checked to Cleveland, we were told that our checked bag would be taken off the canceled flight to Cleveland and we could pick it up at baggage claim, recheck it on the new flight to Cincinnati. When we arrived at baggage claim there were hundreds or suitcases strewn around the carousels. After waiting half an hour, I was told that our bag was still going to go to Cleveland. Meanwhile, my husband was told to wait there and the bags would come up on the carousel in about 45 minutes. It turned out our bags would indeed be showing up. From the time the flight was canceled to the time the luggage made it back to baggage claim was almost 3 hours. The flight to Cincinnati started getting delayed over and over. As hope that we would make it to Cincinnati that night and still be conscious enough to drive to Cleveland ebbed away, we started looking for other options. We ended up getting on a standby list for a flight to Columbus and getting on that plane. With all this bouncing around between flights, I was told we could fill out a form directing the airline to ship our bag to us in Cleveland when it landed in Cincinnati. When we landed in Columbus I asked a frontier agent where I could fill out the form. She didn’t know what I was talking about! She told me to call customer service. More conflicting information, imagine that. I called customer service and proceeded to wait on hold for 2.5 hours! Upon talking to a person, she told me my bag had actually been pulled off the Cincinnati flight when it was discovered we were no longer on it and was in Denver. She took the address for delivery and said the bag would be overnighted. Imagine my surprise when I got a voice mail the next afternoon saying I had to call Frontier baggage at Cincinnati and provide delivery information because our bag was actually in Cincinnati! Six hours and 20 phone calls later, I was finally able to talk to someone who said my bag did, in fact, make it to Cincinnati and I had to give them delivery information to ship it. Does no one know anything? Who spreads all this false information to so many employees? How is it that one company can have so much conflicting information? This fiasco is the absolute epitome of incompetence. And my story is better than some others. I made it home that day."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Orlando . We were on 1:15am flight to Orlando. At first it was delayed. Then it was cancelled. The adjacent flight to Chicago was cancelled too because there was no flight crew. The passangers on this flight were deplaned. All were instructed to proceed to the ticketing desk. No explanation for cancellation. Later they claimed it was weather, and weather got blamed for both cancelled flights. As a result, hours of waiting in line to get a refund with the only option to get another flight on Sunday, or 6 days later. No compensation, no rerouting with a different company. We had to rebook tickets at a much higher holiday price for the next day and got stranded at the airport for the night. Frontier lacks in responsibility, ethics, and provides no customer service. This was our first and last booking through this company."
"La Guardia to Atlanta. They tell you to get to the airport 2 hours before your flight, but Frontier gives notice of a cancelled flight around 90 minutes before the flight time (at least they give notice, I suppose). You're instructed to call a number to reschedule. Make sure you have more than 2 hours for this. If you're crazy enough to still want to fly Frontier, prepare for a multi-day layover at the airport. They won't have any flights, can't give food vouchers, and won't cover a hotel. At least they'll refund you money, if you spend another hour on the phone. Fool me once, shame on me. But consumers shouldn't be fooled in the first place."
"Verified Review | I booked a flight in July 2016 to return to family for the Christmas holiday. The flight was out of Punta Gorda on 20th December returning out of Philly 3rd January. 10 hours before the flight I was sent an email cancelling the flight. Upon further inspection all flights out of Punta Gorda were cancelled. I was unable to contact a live human for over two hours on the phone and on the internet until I said that I wanted to book a new flight. When I explained to the agent what happened and wanted to know what were my options I was told that nothing was available until 25 December at 8:15 pm. This was the first time I booked with Frontier because of this new service between Philly and Punta Gorda - it will be the last. I understand that some tough business decisions sometimes have to be made but this was a real slap at consumers."
"Verified Review | I was supposed to be on flight 283 Orlando to St. Louis and the flight was cancled. I had the worst customer service I have ever had In my life. I never received a cancled flight notification until 30 min before my flight was supposed to leave. Thank God I was there 3 hours early, and the airport staff was going up and down the line asking if people were flying to st Louis. One of the staff members pulled me out of line and told me to go into a delayed or cancled flight line. I had been in that line for over an hour, and that line was just to check my bag. I than waited in line to see if my flight had been delayed or cancled (At this time I didnt know which) an additional hour to be told yes my flight was cancled and that there were no other flights going out until Thursday. I asked if there was anyway they could help me find a new flight to St. Louis anywhere and they told me no they couldn't help me because they had no access to any other airline because of the way Frontier Airlines system worked. I told them I didn't have enough money to stay in a hotel and asked them if they would be able to give me a voucher to put me in a hotel until Thursday. They again told me no and that Frontier Airlines doesn't do those things when flights are cancled because of weather. They told me all they could do for me was give me a refund on my flight. I than found out my refund would not be put back into my account for 10 days. So I had no additional money to find another flight with a different airline. I told them that I had found another flight to st Louis going out to a different airport that was 2 hours away and that I could afford the flight but not the taxi to get to the airport, and asked if they could give me a voucher for the taxi. They told me sorry we can't do that either because of how the flight was cancled. The people at the desk told me that they were sorry for the inconvenience, but there was nothing they could do to help me get home in any way. They than gave me a number to call to voice my complaint and the number was out of service. So, stranded in Orlando with only 100 dollars to my name and absolutely no help from Frontier Airlines I had to than call and ask my parents to find me a way home. They were able to get me on a flight with American Airlines that was over 400 dollars. So 14 hours later and 2 flights, I was able to make it home without any help from Frontier Airlines. I have never been treated so poorly, and have never seen an airline that genuinely didn't care about their passengers as much as Frontier Airlines. I have received nothing. Not my money back, or an explanation to why things happened the way they did, or even an apology. I would never fly with Frontier Airlines again, and would never recommend this airline to anyone."
"Verified Review | Denver to Charlotte with Frontier Airlines. I have never hated an airline so much. I never even got to fly with them because as I arriveded at airport to drop off my bags they informed me that it was cancelled. I got no email or prior notice. I drove 4 hours to airport to find this out. And better yet, there was no rescheduled flight! My only option was to receive a measly refund for a ticket I paid $280 for and is now over $1000 last minute the week of Christmas. There were tons of people in line screaming for managers and crying. It was a complete nightmare."
"Verified Review | St Louis to Las Vegas. Third trip on Frontier this year - third disappointment. Okay, I am a slow learner. Never again. Cancelled my flight with no options, no communication other than your flight is cancelled. Holidays, no other flights available. Held on telephone for 2 hours with no answer to help resolve the issue. Rude staff. I have nothing good to say. It's not a bargain when they strand you."
"Verified Review | Weather may have been the initial cause of the many delays and cancellations, but is now an excuse for Frontier's disorganization. Our flight from New York to Denver set at 10.45 pm was delayed to 11.45 then again to 1.00 am. We were told check in started at 8.00 and she refused to take our bags or check us in at 7.58. We then arrived at our gate, only to find out that our flight had been cancelled. They told us it was \"weather\" even though all other airlines are fine. An unaffiliated baggage checker told us they were actually shortstaffed, a flight attendant hadn't shown up. They use weather so they do not have to compensate or gift their customers anything. Just calling and asking for a refund was a hassle, after spending upwards of an hour on hold. Fly United or Southwest. Save yourself the headache. We are stranded in New York at 1.00 am and Frontier could not care less."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Denver. Delay notices were sent out for our flight from ATL to DEN starting at about 4:30 PM advising was delayed to 01:15 hours with a flight that was supposed to leave ATL at 10:10 PM. About 45 minutes later another notice came out. Then about another hour or so another notice. We checked in at the airport and went to the gate with the plan of waiting until four hours after we got there. It wasn't until another passenger advised us that the flight was cancelled. There was not a Frontier employee to be found at the gate or anywhere around. Shortly after we learned of the cancellation from another passenger, two Frontier Airlines employees showed up, and advised there was nothing they could do and instructed all of us to return to the ticket counter for instructions. Upon our arrival to the ticket counter we were advised the flight was cancelled due to weather in Denver. Not possible due to the fact we had another family member flying into Denver on another airline without any issue at all. Accordingly to several different sources, there were several ground crew for Frontier Airlines that walked off the job in Denver. Since the airline advised it was a weather delay their policies do not allow for concessions to stranded passengers, or so we were told. There was no offer to cover hotel expense, and the only option we were given was to re-book a flight for December 25th, which was the first available flight. Well let me say it is December 19th, and six days at our own expense in a hotel, and no other concession being offered, other than a refund, which would not be given for three days is not a good way to retain or gain new travelers. We had to book another flight on a different airline, spend $1100.00 for them, plus a $140.00 for a hotel room just to ensure we were home for the holidays."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Antonio to Denver with Frontier Airlines. They cancelled the flight at first due to mechanical issues, then after a call to corporate it became a weather issue, even though no other airlines cancelled to Denver because weather was clear. After getting nowhere with customer service a manager was requested. He was useless and said his hands were tied, so we requested corporate, but they too declined to help. The only thing we were told to do was get a refund which would take 7-10 business days to hit our accounts, then go to the other airlines to make new accommodations. They said they could rebook us a flight but it would be late Thursday, basically 3 days of waiting. Lack of caring and willingness to assist us find other flights is appalling. I will no longer be a customer, and others on that flight concur too."
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Las Vegas. I was amazed at their terrible service. They cancelled my flight from Pittsburgh to Las Vegas and which was on Sunday and only offered a flight to replace it on Thursday. They were not willing to pay for hotel for the days I needed to wait for the later flight in Pittsburgh or pay for the Airbnb I got in Las Vegas for the days I missed. They took no responsibility for cancelling this flight. I ended up paying a lot to book another flight the next day with another company. Because it was last minute during the holidays all the flights were quite pricey. They only told us the flight was cancelled 20 minutes before it was supposed to departure. Saying they had no flight crew. Half an hour later they told us they don’t know if the flight is cancelled or not. Then an hour later they said the flight is cancelled and it’s because there was bad weather the day before. So because the flight cancellation is “due to weather” it is not their fault. This cheap flight ended up costing me a lot more than a regular flight. I would never fly with them again."
"Chicago to Miami. No customer service. Ridiculously long lines to check in luggage even after we checked in online and paid all baggage fees in advance. Website is unwieldy, not user friendly and a tool for the airline to nickel and dime for every conceivable service. Our flight was then cancelled and then all customers waited in two hour long lines serviced by one Frontier agent. There was no communication by the gate agent at all except to advise that the flight cancelled. This airline is deceptive - you seem to be getting a cut rate price, but after all of the hidden charges, you are better off with Delta, American or United. This would have been our first Frontier flight that never got off the ground. I will never ever book with it again, no matter what a deal it purports to have on flights."
"Chicago to Miami. Frontier Airlines is the worst airline I've ever experienced. Checked in in advance and still had to wait 2 hrs in line to get baggage tags! Kiosks did not print them. Woke up at 4:15 to get to 7 am flight. Gate employee said she'd make an announcement. Didn't hear anything until 9:00 - all they said was flight was canceled. No direction as to how to get refunds. Was unable to do it online. Had to wait an additional 2+hrs to get refund. Then booked with another airline. All the while my husband waited 2 hrs for someone to answer their phones. Never got them. Charged for everything imaginable."
"Chicago to Denver. Our flight was canceled today. When we went to ticketing to rebook we were told they could not do anything and call the 800 number to get the refund. Frontier does not work with other airlines. So after calling the 800 number, I was greeted with the sound of \"on-hold\" music for 2 plus hours but no one responded to the call. It was brutally cold in Chicago with temperatures in minus. No reason was given as to why the flight was cancelled, there was no snow. Customers of Frontier are left with no options at all, no one to talk to at airport nor 800 number. There is no one you can speak to about your problem, stating 24/7 customer service agents are available. No, they aren't available."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Denver. The problems started even before I arrived at the airport. They delayed the flight online, then at 1am changed the flight back to on time, so I arrive on time. Just to find out that again the plane is delayed. The woman at the check in counter was stern, hostile and had no interest in accommodation. Customer service was not only poor at the ticket counter, but also on the aircraft. The pilot was the most friendly Frontier employee. And that says a lot since he's flying the plane and not even in the cabin. As the plane was about to descend a flight attendant was prodding people several times. I understand the need to follow regulations, but I wouldn't surprised if theres a bruise on my arm from this Frontier employee. Getting off of the plane was the next struggle. The same employee pulled 8 people up first, because they had connecting flights (the first positive thing thus far) and by doing this she sent people against the current to get their bags. I should never have to worry that someones bag is going to fall on my head. There were at least 8 people who couldn't get back to their bags. Come on Frontier, I've never in my life felt like such an inconvenience to a company."
"I understand delayed and canceled flights causing longer wait times - that's no problem. But when the check-in line is halfway down the airport there are bigger problems. It took over an hour just to do a bag drop. Then our gate was moved, without us being told. Then our flight was delayed due to \"the plane not being there yet\". When we kindly pointed out that the plane was sitting right there in plane sight, we were snuffed off. The phone was ringing off the hook and the attendants ignored it completely. All the while ignoring the line of people in front of them to go leave and get food/drink for themselves. We then were delayed because the pilot didn't show up. We were told it was because it was snowing in Cleveland - which it wasn't. The police were called because one woman slightly raised her voice. We then boarded our flight after a 4.5 hour delay, only to sit on the plane for another 2 hours. We were told they needed to calculate rest times. We finally took off, the staff were rude, and didn't listen to anyone. They didn't offer us anything after waiting for 10 hours. Waited in baggage claim for 30 minutes until luggage came. A horrible airline with zero customer service."
"Verified Review | Denver to Las Vegas. Hands down worst customer service I have ever gotten anywhere. Nobody being helpful at all, not telling us the gate changed, and over an hour delayed with no heads up. I do not recommend Frontier Airlines to anyone and I will never fly with Frontier Airlines ever again."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Orlando. When I booked it was not made obvious that we would have to pay for hand luggage. I only realised when looking at reviews three days before. When we arrived we were told there was a 35 minute delay. Then after going through check out it it became 90 minutes. Our flight was due to leave 1125pm. It then started to show that it wouldn't leave till 330am. So far this was on the board and nobody talking to us. When eventually the ground staff appeared the attitude of all the female staff absolutely stank. The only person who seemed to seemed to empathise was a male agent. Unfortunately it was not long before he went off duty. When we tried to ask the female staff they told us to sit down and be patient and that it was a mechanical problem. People were asking for food and water and they were refusing. The airport was hot and every cafe was closed and we were not allowed out. At one point all the rest rooms were closed too. To add insult to injury the staff kept disappearing and returning with hot drinks for themselves. At 6am they gave us a 10 dollar voucher which didn't even cover the price of a bun and bottle of water. The delays kept changing to later and later. They gave people option of refund but would not say when you get luggage back so we did not take that option. Also at that late stage another flight have cost 300 dollars extra per person. It would also have taken ten days for refund to process but we would have taken the option if they could have been more specific about us getting luggage back. At about 8am the staff disappeared and the police had to come to calm everybody down. Frontier does not work with other airlines and they only fly to Orlando once a day from San Francisco and would have kept us there for two days at least had that plane cancelled. Anytime anybody complained they threatened to throw them off the flight. The most frustrating thing was not being given any proper information. They said we would get compensation of a voucher to travel with them again. We would never in a million years travel with Frontier again. I advise everybody to read reviews before booking with any airline. I made the mistake of not and lost a day of my holiday. We eventually left at 1050am. The cabin crew were pleasant enough but there was no food to purchase. Only snacks. Ridiculous on a five hour flight even without what happened to us. We feel we should get a refund."
"Verified Review | I am currently at the Miami airport heading to New York La Guardia. When I checked Frontier reviews they were filled with negative reviews about terrible customer service and regular delays. I flew in on Delta, which by the way was comfortable and friendly, but the flight back would have been 8pm so i paid $10 extra on each ticket to book this earlier flight at 2:25pm so that I can get home and rest for work the next day. Well let me tell you what a mistake! I might as well have went with Delta at 8pm because Frontier had delayed our flight 4 times! Both for our flight and the one heading to Colorado. Apparently the plane headed to Colorado is in Cuba and hadnt left yet. And they are saying our flight attendants are on that plane and coming over to ours when they arrive. (As I type this we were delayed again to 4:30pm.) They have no Cordination. Believe the reviews! Also they charge $40 for baggage and $45 for each carry on that doesnt meet their measurements. They charge for drinks and snacks. When we checked in before this point we were given a huge attitude. One woman had given us wrong information about not being able to check us in, she also tried to immediately charge us for carry ons. We went to another lady and she checked us in and had us measure our bags which fit. So they are free. They still defended the first woman by claiming \"she's following the rules.\" How? By ripping people off? They are horrible. Don't give them business."
"Verified Review | The entire experience flying with Frontier from Tampa to Philadelphia was pretty appalling. The flight to Florida had only one redeemable factor, that the flight attendant was an actual gentleman. The planes are outdated, dirty, have no wifi, do not have seats that recline and are poorly padded. They have no complimentary food or beverage either. Who charges for pretzels or coffee? The plane I am on right now is half empty and I am not allowed to move to the 3 adjacent aisles with the entire 6 seats empty in each row. Even though it's directly behind me. Not only was the attendant condescending and rude when I tried to move, he also went up to the intercom and made a speech about moving seats and looked at me with an eye roll. So unprofessional. I will never try to save the measley 20 bucks again. Some of the worst service I've experienced."
"Verified Review | Flew from MCO to RDU. Professes cheap flights but then tacks on fees to anything possible. Basically, when you book your Frontier flight plan on spending triple that when it comes time to check in 24 hours in advance. You have to pay to select your seat ($12-$45) and $40 for a carry on. I fly quite a bit and on every other airline I have flown (i.e. Southwest, Delta, American) a carry on is complimentary. When I purchased my Frontier flight a month ago I was so proud of myself. \"$86 round trip! I love Frontier.\" After all their extra fees I ended up spending $210 and that's with taking their \"Perks Savings\" option. Oh and then of course the flight was delayed by half an hour. No big deal, but they didn't even mention it. Not once did they apologize for that inconvenience. I almost forgot, they charge for water. It should be against aviation law not to provide a complimentary drink and snack on your flight. Maybe I'm just old school."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Phoenix with Frontier Airlines. Made sure I was early and arrived 2 hours before the flight. Plane broke down with a 3 hour delay. Thank goodness for the airport bar. Rude customer service rep - been here since 9am and I haven't slept for 19 hours. They said they couldn't do anything for me or get my money back. Asked for a complimentary drink on the plane - they laughed at me."
"Verified Review | We were flying from Salt Lake City to Detroit via Denver, got off the plane in Denver for an hour layover, then proceeded to board the same plane to continue to Detroit. After boarding the entire plane and making us sit there a good 45 minutes, they informed us that we had to deboard. They said there were mechanical issues and there was no time frame on the wait. Also the women working the counter were rude rather than helpful. Will never fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Flew from Las Vegas to San Francisco. The worst airline service I have experienced. My seat light did not work. The airline charges $40 for a piece of check-in luggage. If the luggage is over 50 lbs the company charges an extra $75. If you have a carry-on item to be stored in the overhead bin they charge $45. Any beverage other than plain water is charged for separately (juice, coffee, soda, anything). Frontier is to be avoided by all means."
"Verified Review | I decided to take a needed to trip to Michigan from Denver to see my family. I used my points because Frontier told me I was going to loose them. I had enough for a one way but not enough for a two way so I had to purchase the return flight. 20,000 points later plus $200 (flight back plus checked luggage plus paying for select seating as I am a big guy and need the stretch seating) later I had my flight. Leaving Denver when I finally got on the plane for my flight, because it seems that their flight crew is always late by a half hour, (except when you are running late then they are right on time) the seat I paid for was given away and I was forced to sit in the first row. I am 6'3\" and I do not fit in the first row. Anyway the return flight was even worse. They had 2 people at the check in working, not enough by the time I was finally able to check my bags in. I had missed my flight. Charged yet another $100.00 to change it to the next day. Same time because well they only have one flight out and one flight in from Denver to Detroit and Detroit to Denver. Unless you like the feel of a race car seats, don't fly Frontier. I have to say that Frontier is not the worst airlines than any other by far. Fly Delta, heck fly Spirit, just stay away from Frontier."
"Atlanta to Denver with Frontier Airlines. Do not fly this airline. Horrible at resolving customer issues. Our flight was canceled, then the stanby flight was overbooked. We had to wait to leave the next day and pay for our own hotel and transportation to and from the airport. The offered flight vouchers to fly another time. When we tried to use the vouchers 5 months later they told us the vouchers expired and could not be extended on either voucher. So not only did they refuse to extend the vouchers they also would not give a refund from the earlier flights."
"This was the return leg of my trip to Las Vegas, and I was shocked by the $80 for my wife and myself to carry on a bag, $52 if I wanted to select an assigned seat. All of these came with the flight to Las Vegas with another airline. Including a drink of water. Apples to apples, it was cheaper flying on Delta. I'll remember that. I did look to cancel the flight before check in and re-book with another airline, but last minute booking is prohibitive. My conclusion: It is a decent experience if you travel without baggage, or carry-on, and you take something to drink with you. I began to wonder what else there would be an extra charge for? In the future I will add $62 to the cost of the ticket to compare to other airlines."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Denver. First time with Frontier and had nothing but bad comments from friends about this airline. I still decided to try because they were so much cheaper. Well, they're not. All our bags we were able to carry on as a personal item to Orlando. When we left Orlando with the same bags and same items in bag nothing less or nothing more in the bags, we were told the bags are not personal item and have to pay to bring them on the plane. $45 a piece x 4 bags. Next time I will definitely go with a different airline. No refreshments on planes unless you pay for them. Our flight it was $2.99 for a cup of soda."
"Milwaukee to Denver. Before flying with Frontier, I had heard some bad reviews from friends and family, but I'm always about giving the benefit of the doubt. When flying in July it was not my favorite flying experience, however, I'm an understanding person and let it go. When I had to cancel my flight, I was given a credit for my flight to use with Frontier. While I obviously would've just rather gotten the money back, I thought this would be a good opportunity to have an open mind and see how my flight in the future would be. There was very little communication about this and I was unclear of when this would expire. An exact date was not given, nor did it say which day that time frame started on. I have now been told that I can no longer use that credit. If I can't get my credit back, I do not plan on flying with Frontier again. I'm hoping that someone will pull through with some excellent customer service and offer me the chance to be able to book a flight through Frontier using my credit."
"By far the worst experience I have had at an airport. The customer service is incredibly bad. The line to check our bags was so long that it extended to another airlines station. Our flight was delayed 3 times but not one single employee could tell me why. I even called customer service after their staff told me that they don't know anything other than what's on their screen. After 25 minutes on the phone with customer service it was decided that they didn't know anything either. I am traveling with my wife and our 6 month old son. We were supposed to land in Chicago at 10 pm. We are now scheduled to be there at 3 am."
"Portland to Denver with Frontier Airlines. I was completely dissatisfied with the whole experience. In Denver, it took us 1.5 hours to just check our bag. There were only 6 customer service employees at baggage check. Then on our way back when we landed in Denver, we waited 1.5 hours again to pick up our bags. Nobody knew why our bags hadn't arrived at the carousel and they didn't seem to particularly care that we had waited so long. When I complained and asked for my money back for my bags, the woman I spoke with merely gave me the customer feedback phone number. I promptly called that number and wasted 10 minutes of my life trying to explain the situation to someone who hardly spoke English. She was completely unapologetic and said that there was nothing she could do and that Frontier only reimburses for lost baggage, not for 3 hours of my wasted life due to the incompetencies of Frontier and its employees. I will never fly Frontier again even though it tends to be the cheapest airline for me to fly. I would rather have decent customer service than a cheap flight."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Miami via Denver with Frontier Airlines (or at least that was the plan). I arrived at 5pm for my 7:40pm flight only to see that it was delayed to 11:45pm. Stood in line til 9:30pm to give them my baggage and get my boarding passes adjusted. I was informed that the flight from Denver to Miami was cancelled until the next day. There were around 100 people in line, getting extremely upset. They called over 4 police officers to ensure peace. After being told \"nothing we can do\", I was informed by another passenger that they were able to change their flight to Orlando instead of Denver and that Frontier was providing a shuttle from there to Miami. When asked why I wasn't informed of this option, the desk agent started making comments that no one told her that. I called home and informed my family that I was now going to Orlando and that I would be on a shuttle to Miami, they didn't trust that there would be a shuttle and that they would drive the 5 hours to Orlando to get me. Once I went thru security, headed to the gate, my ride went home to Tucson (a 2-hour drive). I sat at the gate till 11.30, until we we informed that we were now changing gates. We all moved to the new gate and waited. We were then told that the flight would now leave at 12:21. Since this change would mean I would possibly miss my flight to Orlando, I asked the representative if we would get there in time. He assured me that I would. The plane we were now assigned to landed and passengers got off. At approximately 12:25am, the same representative yelled out \"this flight is now cancelled!\" He then had the nerve to say \"You better hurry back downstairs so you arent last in line!\" Of course this caused a stampede of very unhappy customers. In between Frontier representatives at the gates and check in desks, we we given 4 different stories as to why the flights had all been cancelled, all geared to give Frontier plausible non-responsibility to its passengers! First, it was a \"passenger was ill\", then \"the whole flight crew is sick\", then \"a passenger died\" and finally \"the pilot has flown too many hours\". I called my family only to find out they were now 2 hours into a drive to Orlando to pick me up. Now they had a 2 hour drive back in a rainstorm, a 4 hour wasted drive in the middle of the night. My family in Tucson had just arrived back home when the flight was cancelled, but turned around and came back for me. By this time I had decided enough was enough and asked about a refund. I was forced to stand in yet another line for that since there was no way I would trust \"just go online and put in a request\". I was informed \"it would take 5-7 days to get my refund\". Another passenger said that all our luggage was piled up in several places in baggage claim. No representative informed us of this. When you got out of line to go search for your bag, you ended up back at end of the line again. I was still in line when my family returned from Tucson to get me. At 4:27am, everyone in line started getting emails from Frontier trying to bribe us with $200 credit for \"our inconvenience\". There were families with little babies, elderly people in wheelchairs etc, this was more than an inconvenience. I finally got my refund entered into their system. Ended up flying American Airlines, which cost me over $700 one way. Trying to fly Frontier is like gambling with a welcher. You have been warned."
"Verified Review | Detroit to San Francisco via Denver with Frontier Airlines. Held on the tarmac twice for over an hour, missed the last train because of that and had to take a $100 uber to get home. I will never fly Frontier again, save yourself the time and aggravation, the money you save isn't even remotely worth it."
"They seem to be extremely understaffed. I was flying from LA to Denver, boarding time originally was 10.35am, which was then delayed to 11.35, then 12.57. I understand that issues occur and flights need to be delayed sometimes, however we did not hear one announcement about our flight. We noticed on the departure board it had moved to 3.00pm, and then all of a sudden our flight was taken off the departure screen. Every single passenger was extremely confused, and nobody could find a Frontier employee in the terminal. Once 2pm rolled around, a large group of passengers had to go back to the check-in desk to find an employee. There were two employees who did not seem to care. When we demanded vouchers they did not provide them. I eventually demanded a refund and transfered to Southwest."
"I used to like flying frontier 4 years ago, used to fly into Denver quite often and the seats were comfortable. But my recent flight this month to Las Vegas was a nightmare. I blame the airline. Their new seats are nothing more than resin lawn chairs which won't recline with minimal padding. I upgraded on our return flight to reclineable seats but they were still uncomfortable. I will never fly them again. I have no problem paying for comfortable seats but even their upgrades leave a lot to be desired. They used to be good, but not anymore. I equate them with Ryanair over Europe who I will never fly. Sorry Frontier, but you have lost my business. The skimping on the seats have made them so uncomfortable that I would rather drive 24 hours to a destination than fly the hours on one of your flights."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Philadelphia return. Frontier Airlines are a little cheaper but their customer service is terrible, both at the airports and on the phone. My flight to Charlotte was delayed 8 hours now my flight back to Philadelphia is delayed 4 hours. They will not put you on another carrier nor offer you any options. Worst part, they just don't care. The attitude is that there are other customers out there. Ask yourself what your time is worth and pay a little more for other airlines that reward your loyalty."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Miami with Frontier Airlines. I booked this flight months ahead as part of a complex multi destination 3 week holiday in the USA. I arrived in Atlanta the night before the flight which was to connect me to my international flight to Madrid. I had allowed sufficient time in Miami to transfer terminals and complete the necessary security and passport clearances. When I went to check in online the night before the flight time had changed to an hour later, I had not been informed of this change. After an hour on the phone talking to two levels of management all that they offered was a credit note or to fly a day earlier. A credit note is useless to me as I live in France and departing a day earlier would mean an additional nights accomodation in Miami - they refused to refund my money despite not providing the service I had paid for."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Nashville with Frontier Airlines. My wife and I got tickets through Frontier because it was cheap. Well then we find out it cost $25 to check a bag and $30 to carry a bag on and prices double if you check bags at gate so you have to do it early online. As we are leaving I notice my bag fits in the personal bag category. I'm happy as can be and ask if I can get reimbursed my baggage fee. I was told no, Frontier makes you pay for everything and will not reimburse any fees already paid for baggage. They nickle and dime you for every cent. It's unreal. This is the one thing that set me off - I'm not even complaining about the fact that the people were rude and the plane was delayed on a perfectly sunny day with no weather anywhere in the continental US. We also had a 12 hour lay over which is fine. They are incredibly frustrating though. Don't fly with Frontier. The ticket may be cheap but by the time they are done with you you'll have paid more than if you just went with an airline that actually cares about you."
"My husband and and I booked Frontier Airlines for our vacation trip. We did not know that Frontier would turn this vacation into a nightmare. We were supposed to fly out of Orlando at 10:45am when we arrived we found out it was delayed until 6pm that night. We decided to try and catch another flight out. After talking to several employees, we finally found someone who helped us get on another flight. She was probably the only good part of Frontier. Once we arrived to San Francisco we found out our bags were lost and they stated it should be with our original which arrived the next day at 2 in the morning. Well our bags never arrived. When we told the Frontier employee he filed a claim and stated that we would receive our bags by midnight and they would let us know when it arrived. We never heard from them so my husband called multiple Frontier employees and no one could tell us where our bags are. They refuse to refund our money or pay for our inconvenience."
"Minneapolis to Chicago with Frontier Airlines. My husband and I checked our flight on the way to the airport, signed up for notices and received none, and got to our flight gate to a cancelled flight, as did many other passengers. We were offered no other flight or transportation options, terrible customer service, no in-person representatives at all, and a refund on our outgoing flight but not the return flight. Awful experience."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Salt Lake City with Frontier Airlines. Customers should note that if you choose to accept the lower cost of flying with Frontier they do not make any guarantee they will get you home in a reasonable fashion. We boarded the plane in Atlanta, taxied, sat on the runway for about an hour and then returned to the gate. As soon as we were unloaded from the plane I began calling the Frontier customer service line (a outsourced call center) to try to make it known that my husband was expected to work the following day. I also spoke to the manager at the desk in Atlanta who told me that she would make a note on my account but that nothing could be done until the flight was canceled. By 7pm that night it was determined that the fuel gauge was not working and that the replacement part would not be in that night. Thus following, the flight was canceled. We were the first ones back in line at the reservation desk where we waited for another 45 minutes. We knew that there was a flight out on Delta that night around 10:30pm that we could get my husband on unfortunately, after waiting to speak to someone at the desk regarding rescheduling, we were simply handed a piece of paper with the options of canceling for a refund (leaving us stranded in Atlanta), calling a \"customer service\" line to reschedule (also a call center with limited authority) with a $400 voucher or wait for a Frontier flight to get home. As we spent the next 2 hours working through these options with the hundreds of other stranded customers, we found that through the Frontier customer service line, the flight on Delta that was advertised through Delta as a $687 would actually be jacked up in price and almost $1000/ticket. For our family of 6, this option would have cost us about $3600 out of pocket. Booking a flight out through another airline the next day would have still cost us about $2000 out of pocket (after already paying $1100 to Frontier) for a one way flight. As this was just not a reasonable thing to ask any family to do, we inquired about when Frontier could get us home. The soonest flight they could get us home on was Thursday - 4 days after the time we were scheduled to be home, resume work and schedules for our children. This would not be a reasonable solution for anyone. We spent the evening trying to be calm and work with what we have been given. We talked to the manager who called corporate and were once again told there was nothing to be done. I am shocked that Frontier is able to employ people to be the punching bag at the airports for all of the stranded passengers. I am shocked that when tensions rose 7 hours after we were scheduled to depart, airport police were called to be used as Frontiers \"bouncers\". I am shocked that the only customer service available to passengers is a call center with very limited authority. I am shocked that as you sit on endless hold with the customer service line, the hold message is prerecorded with static followed by a pause to make the caller think they have lost the signal and thus hang up."
"Verified Review | Denver to Atlanta and Atlanta to Las Vegas with Frontier Airlines. Worst flying experience so far. Nearly all of my flights including connecting flights were delayed. My last flight arrived on time but there was a 2 hour delay due to them them not knowing which gate we would depart from and \"cleaning the lavatories. Airport announcers were unprofessional, often laughing during their announcements concerning the delay. The seating was very uncomfortable. It would definitely be worth taking another airline in the future. The customer service left much to be desired."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Salt Lake City with Frontier Airlines. I booked Frontier and nothing was mentioned about the carry on luggage fee. So here I'll warn you guys before taking this airline. Carry on is USD 40 and check in is USD 30. We were forced to pay and they told us to book direct since all other websites would not mention about the hidden charges. Staff are rude. Lots of hidden charges. Buyers beware."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to San Diego. Get ready to pay extra for everything and deal with terrible customer service. My impression of Frontier went from 8/10 to 2/10 just from two separate flights. They were both the same - horrible. I was a huge Frontier fan and flew with them exclusively from the Cincinnati area to the west coast. Somewhere around 10 flights, but I haven't flown with them for 5 years. I was delighted to buy a cheap Frontier ticket. I used to love their chocolate chip cookies and personal TV in the headrest infront of you. I was looking forward to it. To my disappointment, this was a much different airline from 5 years ago. They replaced all the seats with uncomfortable and small seats (no TV). They charge extra for everything. You pay extra for carry on baggage ($30 at time of this review, and $60 if you forget and pay at the gate - price recently went up too). Extra for soda, snacks, coffee, and juice. Only water is complimentary. Oh and the ice. These à la carte type airlines really make you feel like they nickel and dime you. Plus we had really bad interactions with the stewardesses on both flights. One woman was rude to us on the first flight, and on the second flight two women were very rude to us. I would have looked past the poor customer service after the first flight, maybe she had a bad day. But both flights? Frontier should be ashamed."
"Verified Review | Denver to San Francisco. This was the last leg of a SFO-DEN return trip. The booking was for a 6:50pm departure. We left after 12AM. I explained that because they left so late, I would miss my airporter and could not catch another until 8:AM when the airporter resumes service. The airline reply was that since they did not cancel the flight I would get nothing but a $15 food voucher. I find this inexcusable and will not use Frontier again. Also as a tip, even though I gave myself 3 hours to catch my airporter, it wasn't enough to compensate for an inept organization. And lastly, they charged me $45 each way for a carry on luggage. Poor customer service and a nickel and dime charge policy."
"Rude customer service, from gate check to steward's to pilots. Returning home from Denver to NY, after delaying flight 4 hours and sitting in the airport for 6, they boarded the flight, left the gate and then cancelled the flight due to non-existent weather conditions. Wouldn't acknowledge that no other flight going to NY was even delayed due to weather, but they use the weather excuse so they don't have to accomodate people in hotels. At customer service, employees (and I use that term loosely) told most that the next flight out was in 4 days. When asked what one should do, sleep, food etc, customer service rep told them to stay at the airport. After receiving a partial refund and booking 3 one way tickets the next day on JetBlue, my tickets, taxis, food expenses were an additional $500. Airlines should be forced to show proof that delays/cancellation due to weather. Ran into someone the next day who had opted for a flight to Philadelphia, desperately looking for seats on another airline. He told me that Frontier was about to cancel the Philly flight as well and he needed to get home."
"I travel round trip from Chicago to Denver 2 times a month and normally fly Southwest but last minute had to book a return trip and went with Frontier. Found out they did not do TSA pre check. I have always had a pleasureable experience with them especially their rates. But, I will not fly with them any more until they get TSA pre check. Both of these airports have long waiting lines through security and will book other airlines until they change their policy. What a shame."
"Verified Review | San Fransisco to Denver with Frontier Airlines. I've flown Frontier 6 times this summer and every one of my flights have been delayed. When you finally arrive I have had to wait at least an hour for my bags. The seats are poor, they don't even recline. You are jammed up in a plane. The flight attendants are rude. This airline is the worst and I would choose Southwest or Delta in the future."
"Las Vegas to Columbus with Frontier Airlines. This was me and my husband's first time using Frontier. The savings will definitely lure you in however you will pay for it in other ways such as carry-on bags or drinks onboard. My biggest complaint is the delay we had due to them not having sufficient staff. They wouldn't give the full story but they were scrambling to find a replacement. This caused a domino effect and caused us to be delayed in the airport from 10pm until 1am. Secondly, the seats are so uncomfortable. I could usually do a 3 hour flight with no issues but you can't relax, the chairs are so stiff, the tray table is so tiny and the seats don't recline. You get what you pay for I suppose."
"Worst airline by far and by comparison. The cheap flight ads are nothing more than bait. Frontier rarely departs on time. Claims weather. Fair weather in Austin - could the weather be any more perfect here in Denver. No, it cannot. Every 30 min flight boarding changes. On the hook, no options to rejoin family or friends. In three hours my departure time has changed 4 times. And Frontier Airlines asked me to be at airport 3 hrs early for domestic flight. Checked in within 7 min at counter and thru TSA in 12. I will never fly you again."
"Denver to Indianapolis. For starters, this airline has the most inconvenient flight times. From Bozeman, Montana to Denver, there was only one flight all day, and it was at 8:59 in the evening, and the only flight to Indianapolis out of Denver was at 11:59 pm the next day. So we had to get a hotel in Denver ($200) just to wait for the flight back to IND. After killing time all day in Denver, while en route to the airport, only about 5 hours prior to our flight, I get a text notification stating that my flight had been cancelled and gave me a number to call to rebook, with no explanation as to why my flight was cancelled. I called the number, and after being on hold for 15 mins, I am told that the only other flight available was 2 days out, which was unacceptable. I had to go to work the next day, and am not able to sit and wait around for two days. I elected to cancel the flight, to which I was only offered a credit, not a full refund. We then had no choice but to book another Flight for the next day through another airline. This cost us $850! Not only that, but we had to get yet another hotel for the night, which was $130. We went to the Frontier service desk to see if we could get any sort of reimbursement. The line was super long and slow, and took us about half an hour of waiting. Once we spoke to the woman behind the counter, she told us she could book us for the next flight two days from now, and that she could give us a hotel voucher. Not wanting to wait until the last minute to book a hote on a Friday night and take the chance of being sold out, we had already booked a hotel. We informed her we had already booked one, and she basically said there was nothing she could do. I asked if I could get my money back instead of a credit, and i was told no. After this experience, I really hate to go back and use that $340 credit with this airline, yet I hate to waste $340, especially by just handing it over to this company. Any other legitimate airline company would have done more to work with those who had been stranded. This was extremely inconvenient, and I have lost all respect for this airline. Despite all the bad review, I gave them a shot. Guess I should've listened to the reviews. This \"cheap\" vacation ended up being over a thousand dollars more expensive than it intended to be just so we could get home on time!"
"Verified Review | Absolute joke of an airline. Flight from Houston to Denver, captain comes on and says we are third in line for take off. After about 15 minutes on the runway he comes on again and says there was some missing paperwork and we have to return to the gate. Then there isn't a gate open so we sit again. Then mysteriously he says the paperwork has been cleared up and we can go. Return flight from Denver to Houston. Once boarded we sat at the gate for over 30 minutes waiting on passengers from a connecting flight. I have never heard of a plane being held due to waiting on other passengers. I had a previous bad experience with them years ago and knew better. It's not worth the savings and it's not that cheaper to begin with!"
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Denver to Columbus. I an not a frequent flyer, so I eneded up paying $50 for a seat selection only to find out I could have let them assign my seat for free. (Did the online check-in) and then to charge $40 for my carry on I was not happy. This wasn't disclosed when I purchased my ticket. The seats are so uncomfortable and wouldn't recline, my back was hurting by the end of the flight. I will never book a flight on Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Denver with Frontier Airlines. This is one of the worst flights I have been on. The flight had a delayed departure of about 40 minutes and then when we landed in Denver we sat on the taxiway for another 40 minutes because another plane in our gate was having maintenance issues. This wouldn't be such a problem if this was the first time this happened. When I flew to Denver from Dallas again the plane landed in Denver we sat on the taxiway for another 50 minutes. And to top it off the flight attendants on the flight from California were rude and terrible. They were sassy and unprofessional to multiple guests. This is absolutely unacceptable and I will probably never fly Frontier again. I will never recommend to a family member or friend. I would rather pay more money than be stuck on a Frontier airplane for an unreasonable time."
"On my flight from Denver to Knoxville was delayed by almost 3 hours. Which is not my problem with this airline They lost my luggage on Saturday, July 30, 2016. After two hours of trying to to find someone to assist me and about 9 others, they said there was nothing they could do and we would not be able to get our luggage back until Monday and refused to send the bags on another airline. Monday night I received a call saying they would deliver my luggage to my house. By Tuesday morning it still was not there. I tried calling the number they gave me when I filed my lost luggage claim multiple times with no answer. Finally, got a hold of the lady that had called me monday night and she said she would have to get back to within an hour. 3 hours past and she never called back and would not answer my calls. Finally got my luggage back, but I would not recommend this airline to anyone. There is no customer support and terrible customer service. I'm usually pretty understanding, but this was absolute absurd. There was no effort on their part to help me or even try and reassure me that they would be willing to fix the issue at hand."
"Verified Review | Denver to Santa Ana. This is by far the worst airline I've flown! You are tricked into thinking you are getting a cheap flight but after you purchase you have to pay for your baggage to carry on or to check in and you have to pay for your seats otherwise they will split up your party. We flew out for the weekend for a wedding, on the way back we didn't add anything to our bag and yet we were over weight - for 3 lbs the girl at the counter was rude and snappy. On the way here they said they overbooked the flight and someone would have to stay back - who does that, don't overbook your flight in the hopes that someone will all of a sudden want to take a later flight and get a voucher to fly again."
"Verified Review | Orlando to San Francisco. This is the worst airline you could fly! You will find nothing but terrible reviews as they hide their trashed system with cheap flights. There is not a single time you can board this plane without a flight being delayed for hours. The service is terrible and no one will give you a straight answer on why this happens every time. The seats are very uncomfortable and they will find a way to charge you for absolutley anything, even if you ask for a small cup of water they'll give you a bottle and then charge you $4 for it."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Nashville. Will never fly Frontier again. $60 to carry on luggage to Nashville. $45 to carry on to Chicago. The cost of luggage ended up costing as much as my flight. There was absolutely no benefit to flying Frontier. The staff on and off the plane were very rude. They did not answer questions about flight delay. Just told me to wait and watch the board. Cannot find any flight updates on line. Worst airline experience ever. This airline does not even deserve a 1 star."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Denver. Each experience with Frontier Airlines is worse than the one before it. On the last route, my flight was delayed (for no apparent reason such as weather or airport conditions) for over four hours. I tried to call customer service, but their phone tree is obviously designed to discourage an interpersonal interaction. While waiting at the gate, there were further delays and no communication offered as to when we could count on flying. A decade ago, I flew Frontier almost exclusively. Now, they have become THE airline to avoid. With pricing that isn't even undercutting the competition, uncomfortable cabins, useless points, no beverages, and ridiculously expensive fees for even carry-ons, I'm sad to see this Colorado business turn from good to bad to worst (no typo there)."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Denver with Frontier Airlines. Waited 2 hours for my luggage. Along with the rest of the plane. And they charge us to travel with luggage. Terrible experience. Missing two hours of time I could have been visiting my daughter. They had no answers other than some people have been waiting days for their luggage. Bad customer service."
"Verified Review | It was a big mistake to fly Frontier Airlines from Chicago to Seattle. Not only do you not save money after paying all the extra charges. No free bags, not even a carry-on - they cost $40, or $60 at the ticket counter if not prepaid. $35 for checked bag prepaid, plus extra to sit together and not even a free beverage or snack, the seats don't recline. And it was too close to the seat in front to put your head down if you're even if of average height. It was extremely uncomfortable. Never again will we fly Frontier Airlines."
"Verified Review | Chicago to0 Salt Lake City. It is ridiculous to be charged for a carry on bag. I paid to check my large bag and had to pay an additional $40 for my carry on. I have never been charged for a carry on before. I didn't have a personal item and my carry on was too large to be considered a personal item. The woman who checked me in at the counter was nice but the woman next to her was very rude and refused to help us. We were next in line so we approached the counter and she refused to help anyone from our line. She took a different customer from a separate line with no explanation. The third woman at the counter helped the people who were behind me in line. It was very obvious that we were next but could not get help. I have flown with frontier several times in the past and have not had any problems. I would prefer to pay a little more and not have any surprises when I check in and be treated with respect."
"My flight from Missoula, MT to Denver, CO was delayed by 2.5 hours on July 22nd which would have made me miss my connecting flight to Raleigh, NC. I rebooked for the 23rd and the same thing happened. When I called to figure out my options, customer service told me to go to the airport and discuss it with the agent at the check in desk. The agent at the desk told me flat out I had no options but to wait for the next available flight out of Denver (which was 24 hours later) and was completely unhelpful in helping me find another city out of Denver that could maybe connect me to Raleigh. I was told I was not eligible for food or hotel vouchers in Denver because the delay was weather related. The agent then told me to call customer service so they just gave me the complete run around and each passed the buck on to the other. No one at Frontier actually had the power or interest in helping me. The soonest I could get to Raleigh was July 25th - four days after my initial departure/arrival date. They could not book me another ticket on another airline because they don't partner with anyone. Frontier exhibited the worst customer service I've ever dealt with. I will never fly Frontier again. Thankfully I bought insurance so I was fully refunded for my flight and I rebooked on Delta, though at a very high cost. These delays cost me and my loved ones hundreds of dollars and days of wasted time."
"Verified Review | Flew from Salt Lake City to Denver This is the worst airline I have ever flown on and will never do it again. They airplane was extremely late to the gate, which is understandable at times, however, there was 0 transparency about what was happening and why. The staff member at the front gate lied about when the airplane was going to be leaving to tempararily calm the crowd. There was no information about tentative departure time at the gate and continued to say \"on time,\" while 4 hours late. I usually will save money and go with the cheapest flight even with bad reviews but I will never fly with Frontier again."
"I will give Frontier two things based on my recent flight. First, they are cheap and their flights are on-time. Outside of that, everything is downhill from there. I was traveling with my two small children. If I wanted to sit with them, I had to pay extra per seat to select my seat. When dropping off your bags, the staff were rude. Even though you are paying to check bags, they treat you like you are an inconvenience for them. The thing is, it's actually cheaper to check bags than it is to carry bags on the plane! I understand giving really cheap seats and charging people for everything; however, it doesn't make sense to make it cheaper to check bags. Once on the plane, their prices are reasonable for food and drinks. You can get alcohol for cheaper than most domestic flights. The seats don't recline, they have almost no padding, the armrest is tiny, and the tray is about the size of an adult hand. The flight itself was okay. The ride was smooth and the staff on the plane was friendly enough. I feel that maybe Frontier doesn't get gate priority from airports and you should be ready to wait for a gate when you land. When returning home, we waited on the runway nearly an hour. Getting my luggage was pretty easy and fast once I was off the plane. If looking for a cheap flight where you get charged for everything, go with this option. If you want comfort, then don't. I did find out though that it's better to book your flight with Frontier directly and pay for the \"Everything\" package. I guess you get first shot at seats in the front of the plan and everything is included at only $50 more per ticket. These seats are more like actual airplane seats, not really first class."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Las Vegas and my first and last time with Frontier Airlines. I had to pay to take a small carry on with me. When you travel for 10 days and have a small kid, of course you need clothes. I had to pay $40 to go and $40 to come back. That was almost more than my ticket. Then when you go into the airplane the seats are uncomfortable. Then for a 4 hour flight they don't give you anything. Well if you ask for water they will give it to you. Everything has become money. Pay to fly, pay to take clothes, pay to eat or drink."
"Flew from Las Vegas to St Louis. I must admit Frontier had the best prices, but after paying for luggage even a carry on and the extremely uncomfortable seats I will fly another carrier. I am average size and also a runner in great shape and if the seats are miserable to me I can't imagine the average Joe liking them either. Whoever designed those seats has surely never sat in them. I guess the only positive is those plastic hard seats breed less germs than fabric but after trying to sleep in a non reclining plastic chair on a red eye flight I'd rather have a few germs on a comfy fabric seat. Unless the flight is an hour or less no more Frontier for me."
"Philadelphia to New Orleans with Frontier Airlines. Arrived to the airport, under the impression that I'd be allowed to carry on an item as a personal bag. This was not the case. I was charged a fee, which I paid online to avoid the gate cost. The attendant at baggage check told me that any bags (except a purse) must be checked in or registered as a carry on, both of which require a fee. Sitting in the terminal, the gate staff were very abrasive to those at the gate waiting (no one in particular), demanding that we all \"be quiet while she made announcements.\" The plane has been sitting at the gate since I arrived two hours early, yet the flight is now delayed an hour (as far as we know at the moment) for maintenance, despite us being informed that we'd be allowed to board. We were informed at the time of the flights scheduled departure that we would be delayed and \"that we should stay in the general gate area because anything can happen at anytime.\" Except for my return flight home, never again with this airline."
"Denver to Memphis with Frontier Airlines. Terrible experience - not only was our flight delayed there was no scheduled time of arrival so I could not inform my pick-up when I would arrive. Very frustrating considering we had to arrive at the airport 2-3 hours prior for TSA delays. Even my returning flight was ridiculous. We left on time but we arrived 30 min prior to our landing time. The plane ahead of us was still at the gate but didn't leave for another 1.5 hours. So sitting on the plane for that long is just absurd. No explanation once again to the passengers and the pilot just kept saying 5 more minutes. My only compensation was some water. This airline is consistently terrible. Always delayed, never on time for anything."
"Frontier Airlines is the pits of the pits. First flight from Charlotte to Denver was the first disaster. Boarded and ready to go and told 4 times we had to wait because proper paperwork couldn't be found. Finally they just told us to get off. 90 minutes later the paperwork was found and we were told to reboard. Nearly everyone missed their connections. Then Denver to Portland was late departure and late arrival. As I type I'm sitting on the return flight from Portland to Denver. The fare went from $385 to $520 with all the nickel and diming. Bag fees, and seat fees."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Denver with Frontier Airlines. We arrived at San Francisco airport at 2:50PM for a 5:20PM flight wanting to relax after a few days of touring colleges. My son and I had to wait in line until employees showed up at 3:40pm to check us in. That was only the beginning. When we arrived in Denver 7 minutes early, we proceeded to baggage claim for the 1 small bag we checked. We had to wait for 1 hour and 5 minutes. I walked into the baggage loss dept of Frontier to find 4 women sitting behind computers all on there personal phones, not one of them looked up when I asked what was the hold up on bags? While ordering some snacks and a drink, the flight attendant asked me to tip her with what I felt comfortable with. Well that was easy, I had to walk to the back of plane to get my order as the 2 staff were in a lengthy discussion. When did we start tipping flight attendants for doing their job? I hit the no tipping button and this will conclude my future flights with this airlines. They nickel and dime you to death and are proud of it."
"Verified Review | Seattle, WA to Milwaukie via Denver. Frontier cancelled the flight, and offered the next available flight which was two days later. I had to purchase a ticket on a different carrier and Frontier refused to compensate me for the extra dollar amount I had to pay. Frontier never gave me notice that the flight was canceled. Frontier Airlines' lack of quality customer service and their failure to notify me of the cancellation resulted in me having to spend an extra $344.60 out of pocket and having to spend the night in the Seattle airport, as well as arrive late to an important family function."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Orlando to Las Vegas. The worst airline I have been on. We got to the gate on time, boarded, and then were told to get off because there was a flight to Minnesota that had to go out, this was at 10am when the flight was supposed to leave. So we got off and were told that it was going to be a while because they were waiting on a part to fix the plane, 7 hours later and we board again and started to taxi, then were told that we had to get off and our flight was canceled. I am still here after 12 hours with no flight."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Denver with Frontier Airlines. We waited over an hour to get off the plane in Denver on the first flight. We just flew back to Chicago and have sat for an hour again. Will never fly Frontier again. They blame it on being short staffed. Both flights delayed - supposed to be 1:55pm but both have been closer to 3:30pm."
"Verified Review | The booking process was horrible. I checked in for my flight opting into the \"text\" option for notifications. I reached the airport believing my flight was still on time. Reached the gate, told it was delayed by 8 hours. Additionally, the agents could do nothing and offered me a photocopied, rough cut square of paper with a number on it I could call. I was flying out for a wedding and now I was going to spend one of my hard-earned days in MCO airport. I paid almost $500 for this flight, then found out it would be almost $80 to take anything other than a \"personal item\" i.e. purse and another $16 if I wanted to be able to not sit in a middle seat. I waited on hold for the number given for 15 minutes only to be disconnected. Called back and waited another 20 before I reached a human being. Said human being then told me that they were not even sure if that flight would go out and that it could fly earlier or later, just depended. They overbooked the other flight by 6 people and standby was not an option. Then they offered me a refund to get another flight but said refund would take up to 48 hours. Next, \"well we could get you to St. Louis and catch the connector there but we already overbooked that one by three people so you would probably just be stuck in St. Louis.\" I waited for another 30 minutes at the ticket line to be told that they were [half-heartedly] sorry and there was just really nothing they could do. Perhaps a $100 voucher? Calculating what I had paid for hotels, lost in work pay, in canceled appointments at my destination and a round-trip cab fare and they offered me a $100 voucher and subpar customer service, makes this easily the word travel experience I have had."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines from Los Angeles to Cleveland. After having to pay for a seat and to check my baggage, I prefer carry on but checked was less expensive and figured it would be fine. Anyway, checked in at hotel then arrived at LAX 2.25 hours before the flight, no one was at the ticket counter to check baggage or check customers in. Others in line called customer service and as the sign said the counter opens 2 hours before boarding. I don't like checking my baggage because I don't like dealing with any additional line, TSA is enough. Then we get to the gate the same counter attendants are the gate attendants. We could not hear them over the at all during the boarding process. It was terrible. I had experienced the seats etc on my flight out. Just plain unbelievable as in the picture unless you pay for a 'real' tray table you don't even get one of those seriously. In the end I think I paid more for this budget flight then I would have for an airline I usually travel. Don't get sucked in, they are awful you will pay for extras and it will cost $100 more than their advertised fare."
"Verified Review | Flew from Cincinnati to San Francisco. My regret is that I purchased Frontier tickets for yet another trip this fall before we had experienced Frontier's new seats. They are awful. There is no way to sleep in them, and the annoying tray tables all keep falling down anytime the plane jerks with the most annoying \"chung-a-chung-a-chung\" noise. I will pay more to a different airline for better seats (I will not pay Frontier an upcharge to sit in the two rows that have reclining seats - by the time you pay for those on all legs of a flight - if they are even available - I could have paid for seats on a \"full-service\" airline)."
"Verified Review | This was my first and last trip with Frontier Airlines from Orlando to Charlotte. The add-ons were annoying but the price was a few dollars less than the same flight on Allegiant. With the add-ons the price approached the cost of a premium airline for the same route. Although the seats are not very comfortable on the plane, in fact, downright thin, I thought that since it was a non-stop, short flight I would be okay. The flight was not bad. What I did not know before departure was that the airline does not record or use Pre-Check or Global Entry. I have both but I had to go through the regular security process on boarding at both very busy airlines. Is it worth the extra $15-20. to fly a premier airline? For me it is. Never again will I fly Frontier."
"My boyfriend was scheduled to fly out this morning from Houston to San Francisco with Frontier Airlines. The flight was scheduled to take off at 7:30am and he arrived 2 hours ahead of time. It is now 6.30pm and he is still sitting at the airport in Houston. After sitting, waiting and boarding, he was told that there would be a delay and everyone had to deboard the aircraft. The passengers were then told that the pilot had to do an inspection of aircraft's exterior. Hours later they were told that it would be after 5pm before a \"part\" would be flown in from Denver. At this point, they were offered vouchers for a free trip. Hours later they they had fixed the problem and everyone boarded - again. Plane prepared for take off and the next thing you know, they are deboarding the passengers again. No flight out to San Francisco until Thursday. We will not be flying with this airline ever again."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Minneapolis with Frontier Airlines. Good customer service, mediocre mobile site navigation, horrible flight conditions. Small, hard seats, temp in cabin frigid for all 3 hrs of flight (in spite of attendant turning it up). They have mastered cheap, and nickel and dime the passenger to death. I will have to be desperate if I ever have to choose to fly with this awful airline again. The announcing attendant really should know where we're landing, too. She said \"Welcome to Dulles National Airport,\" and corrected it to \"Minneapolis -St. Paul\", after a co-worker clued her in. And charging for carryon bags is poor, but I believe Frontier isn't the only one that does it."
"Verified Review | I don't have any qualms about the flight or Frontier Airlines itself. It's inexpensive and you get what you pay for. I only had an issue with the customer service. I left my iPad on the plane. I know that's on me. But I realized it while I was still in the airport. I was on a shuttle to the rental car and tried to contact a Frontier Rep to check the plane. I was diverted over and over to their lost and found form. I filled it out hoping they'd find it and I'd get it back, but I never heard from them again. I'd expect an email saying \"we're looking\" at least. I never recovered my iPad, which is frustrating, but I don't put that on the airlines. Perhaps the stewardess didn't see it sitting on my seat and another passenger snatched it up. I'm just really disappointed with the customer service."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Orlando. I will say that the crew on the aircraft was wonderful. Unfortunately, I can say the exact opposite about the frontier person that came to get me from the plane with the wheelchair. First there was no wheelchair waiting when I was told there would be one for me. Second, the woman took me down the tunnel and left me sitting at the frontier counter. She was complaining about her job under her breath. She had told me she would get someone to help me. After about five minutes, my traveling companion with her arms full of baggage, asked three employees standing or sitting at the desk doing absolutely nothing, ask them for help. They said oh she's over there. We can't leave the desk. Even though none of them look like they knew what work even was, they were too busy to help. After almost 15 minutes, I asked my friend to get my Walker. I was in severe pain from walking an extended period of time which was not recommended by my doctor. This company does not care about their passengers, only the bottom line. I called to talk to customer service. They were willing to upgrade my ticket to First Class, but not my safety traveling companion. If I were to have a seizure or other medical emergency, no one In First Class would know how to help. The supervisor at Frontier customer service did not care. Even though my friend was inconvenienced by being stranded with me in a wheelchair. Worst customer service ever!"
"I was on the same Frontier Airlines flight as J Cramer on 26th March 2016. Here are some of my reactions to what happened: The airline already had cancelled the flight per several websites, but not their own, before we boarded the plane. Why passengers were made to sit on a plane for over an hour was a waste of time that could have been used to start rebooking a way home. We were told as passengers by an agent on the plane that we would get $200 flight vouchers and they would be sent to our emails automatically. When I didn't get one after a few days, I emailed Frontier, who replied that due to 'weather cancellation', I was entitled to no credit. Most frustrating part is the plane we were on, and removed from, had to be sent someplace else. No flight was available for three days, yet the airline had an empty place just sitting there. Customer service agents are very young and poorly trained. They showed no concern that their company's action would cause people to be out of town for Easter weekend. I have seen comments from people saying that they had no problems with Frontier and for that I am glad. It is not a good company to deal with when there are problems."
"Booked a vacation through Cheap Caribbean and it included round trip flights with Frontier Airlines from Philadelphia, PA to Montego Bay, Jamaica. Checking in online the day before was horrible. Cheap Caribbean did not give me a \"reservation code\" for the flight. Even though I had booked months prior, Frontier's site showed the available seats for the flight with a price on each one, starting at an extra $16 per seat. The website explained that by paying additional money to choose seats was the only way they could guarantee seats together. What a scam and rip-off. I opted to not pay additional money and on the next screen it showed I had two seats together. Next I had to choose if I was bringing carry-on or checked luggage, all of which had ridiculous fees. Ended up paying $70 for two checked bags for the flight there and $60 for two checked bags on the return flight. In addition to all the extra fees and hassles with checking in, the flights and service continued to get worse. The seats do not recline at all. The seat base and seat back are molded together as one piece. They are rock hard, and looked like a cheap plastic resin chair and then it was covered only on the top side with a pleather like material. These seats are extremely uncomfortable, especially since my flights were over three hours each way. Once in the air, they offer their \"beverage service for purchase\", another lousy service. Yes, even for a can of soda they charge you $1.99 What a lousy airline. On my return flight, there were some open seats. They announced that if anyone wanted to move to a slightly larger seat at the exits over the wings, they would move them for a $50 fee. I will never fly with them again."
"Las Vegas to Lambert St Louis. My experience with Frontier was displeasing from the moment I started my check in process. The machine my boyfriend and I checked in on told us that we would have to pay $16 per seat in order to get seats next to each other so we paid $32 total to sit together. We were traveling with two friends who decided not to pay $16 and be assigned random seats. However, they were seated right next to each other anyways. So we paid $32 for something that our friends got for free. The next screen told us that we would be charged $30 for each checked bag (which we expected) and $40 for each carry-on bag - $40 for a carry on. I have never flown on an airline where I am charged for a carry on bag and certainly not one where it is more expensive to carry a bag on than check one. After we paid for this I went to the counter to ask the employee if all of those charges were valid. Not only was she unsure of the cost of a carry on bag but she was trying very hard to avoid all of my questions and check my bag and get me out of the line. She then told me that I could have just combined my purse and my backpack to make one personal item and I could have avoided the carry on fee all together. So I said OK and asked her to refund me for the $40 I had just paid for the carry on, to which she replied that she couldn't do refunds and gave me an 800 number to call. She told me to call before I boarded my flight and that she was making a note in my reservation. I called the number and chose the \"baggage\" option which routed me to an office that closes at 4 and immediately hung up on me as I was calling at 4:15. I called another number that was on the sheet and they informed me that the office never closes and I needed to just keep calling. (Ridiculous). I called again and just chose a random option so that I could be routed to a representative. This representative told me that I could not call about this before my flight and that I would have to call the next day, directly contradicting the employee at the airport. So I called again today and got another representative who said that they would not be able to offer me a refund as the employee at the airport did not make a note in my reservation. I told him that the employee specifically told me that she was making a note on my reservation. At this point he asked me for my call-back number in case my call got disconnected and then put me on hold for 10 minutes to \"check my reservation\". Finally he came back and said that he would process my $40 refund which is about the only good thing that came out of the whole situation. Not only was I infuriated at all of the extra charges but the flight was extremely turbulent and the lights on the plane kept turning on and off which is very frightening and not once did the flight attendants or the pilot make any kind of reassuring announcements to inform us of the situation other than to \"ensure we had our seat belts on\". There was no explanation. I did however get a good laugh when we started to descend as the flight attendant said over the intercom \"please make sure you seats are in an upright and locked position\" because our seats didn't even have an option to recline. I do understand that Frontier offers cheaper flights and that is the sole reason why my friends and I decided to book this flight. However, we ended up paying about as much as any other airline after all the baggage fees and seating fees that are charged when you check in. I will not fly Frontier again."
"Philadelphia to Fort Myers. I would rather drive to Florida next year then use Frontier! My plane was delayed 5 hours for no reason other then the crew was tired. Really? Have a back up crew! And don't tell people that! I knew everything was extra, which is annoying but it is what it is. However what was even more annoying was that the ticket counter was not open until 3pm (when I had a 5:30 flight) I had gotten to the airport early thinking I could check in get through security, eat, do some work and relax. But nope you have to just stand there waiting until someone comes to the ticket counter and then run up to security and just feel used. Please, pay more and fly with someone else!"
"Verified Review | I was traveling from San Francisco to Washington DC to attend my cousins wedding. Flight was delayed originally for 1 hour that ended up being a 3.5 hours delay, that caused 25 people including me to miss their connecting flight in Denver. The flight in Denver didn't wait for 30 minutes for 25 people, yet Frontier delayed the flight in San Francisco for 3.5 hours due to bad weather! Upon arrival in Denver with the connecting flight gone, the Frontier airlines customer service desk was crowded by 100's of other travelers who had a similar issue or cancelled flights. Their customer service people were the rudest and clueless as ever. People were told to wait at the Denver airport for 3-4 days until next confirmed seats on a flight is available again. Long story short I had to ask for a refund for the missed flight since it was their fault, and ended up purchasing a one way ticket to DC with United airlines for a ridiculous $520; since Frontier Airlines was only offering a \"Partial Refund\", or, \"We can put you on a flight back to your original departure destination\". Horrible and miserable experience in my case and I'm sure other fellow travelers won't disagree. I've promised myself to never fly again with Frontier Airlines; and will urge other fellow travelers to do the same."
"Philadelphia to Montego Bay. Frontier Airlines in Philadelphia was the only airline with lines outside, complete chaos. No directions from anyone. We stood in line for Montego Bay but somehow ended up at the Cancun counter. Rude, offensive, and unprofessional customer service makes the start to your vacation experience awful. They should never be allowed to serve people. We had to stand in line again and almost missed the flight because (according to them) we stood in the wrong line for 45 min and they would not check us in. From what they said there were signs for different flights but outside, where we started, there was only one long line and nobody knew where to go. Awful - pay little more and keep your dignity when you go on vacation."
"Started off their terrible customer service by informing us that our Tampa to Cleveland flight would be delayed for 5 hours due to \"Mechanical Problems\" and then proceeded to delay hourly for another 2.5 hours until they announced that despite our flight being 8 hours delayed, they didn't have the foresight to plan ahead for a crew member who had gone past their hours or \"timed out\". They then tell us that a flight attendant is on their way (lie) and then finally tell us that a new plane and crew would not arrive until 8:30 pm. We choose Frontier thinking it would be cost effective but they nickel and dime you to death."
"Frontier Airlines has the worst customer service I have had with an airline! We we delayed an hour from Orlando to Omaha and once we boarded the plane we waited another hour for them to tell us it was cancelled. The crew told us we would be refunded, and give us hotel vouchers. Once we got off the plane and stood in line for another hour for them to tell us \"sorry there is nothing we can do. Call this 800 number.\" On the phone for over an hour with their customer service, to be told they weren't gonna refund me but give me $200 credit back to fly them again. We ended up buying tickets with Delta to fly home the next day at $320 each and Frontier \"won't cover that.\" Lost a lot of money and a whole lot of time. Spend the extra money and fly someone else!"
"Frontier Airlines from Seattle to Miami via Denver. Second time flying. The first time had 12+ hour overnight layovers in Denver, and after messing up my return date on paper (causing me to have to buy another bus ticket) they refused to reimburse me for the price of my bus ticket (I live in Canada and have to take a bus to Seattle) the flights were on time the first time around, however buying the tickets you have to dodge charges left and right (even for carry on or picking your seat!). The seats are small cramped and do not recline. There's not even first class. They charge for all snacks and beverages. The second experience (right now) I had to spend the night in Seattle so I could catch my flight in the morning, arrived in Denver at 3pm (late) and my flight was supposed to leave at 11:15 but now it's leaving at 2:45am because the flight staff is flying in from Orlando. It's a horrid inconvenient mess. On top of that the Frontier Airlines flight to can in next to our gate was announced to be cancelled twice (ouch) just to be not cancelled because the staff misread the paper and was looking at an earlier flight. Overall very unprofessional and you just feel awful and tired and ripped off by the end of it."
"My Orlando to Trenton flight with Frontier Airlines got canceled and I received no type of notification besides an email. Luckily I check my email every morning or else I would have went to the airport in preparation for my flight. For an issue this drastic, such as a flight cancelation, I should receive a text or a call notifying that I need to get a new flight. I called the morning of and was on hold for almost 2 hours waiting to talk to an agent about what I should do about my flight cancelation. Horrible customer service."
"You get what you pay for! First time on this budget airline from Vegas to Orlando, and apart from the return, never again. Only took it as it was the only direct flight. Looks cheap but fees add up so not so cheap. Took the stretch option with bags. Limited check in staff, long lines. Gates and baggage claim are at the extremities. No TSA Pre check, apparently not approved. Seats are hard and don't recline, even in row 2 stretch. 4 hour flight and no inflight entertainment or wifi. 2 points for on-time."
"My ratings below are from previous flights with Frontier Airlines. I used to be one of their premier customers, but when all their extra fees hit, I went back to United. However, when a company hired me and paid for a ticket with Frontier in March 2016, I was happy to try them again. After trying to check in at a kiosk, I was told I needed to see an agent. After an hour in line, the agent said I might be denied boarding. I waited another hour in the security line. At the gate, I was told to wait, so I waited another 45 minutes. The flight was oversold, and I was bumped. I went to customer service with two others who were \"involuntarily denied boarding,\" and I learned the airline is required to offer a stipend to anyone would would like to give up his or her seat (\"No one may be denied boarding against his or her will until airline personnel first ask for volunteers who will give up their reservation willingly in exchange for a payment of the airline's choosing\"). I heard no announcements. Subsequently, I missed a presentation that meant a great deal to me. I was told I would be \"automatically reimbursed\" for my ticket - which was not true as reimbursement required an hour on the phone with an agent in the Philippines, and I was paid what a friend calls a \"kiss-off fee.\" The others bumped from the flight received a lunch voucher and found seats on a United flight that night at a higher cost. I went home. Never again. Absolutely never again."
"Denver to Cancun. This was my first time flying Frontier with their new high tech seats. I can see now why the airline is promoting these new seats as eco friendly. Just an aluminum frame with a hard shell and about 1/4\" of padding in the back, a little more in the seat cushion. No more TV monitors in the seat back, no more reclining mechanism to add weight, head rest no way. The tray table will now hold 2 plastic drink glasses and that is it. These seats are fine for small people, every man sitting near me was complaining about how uncomfortable they were. If you are 5'11\" or taller and weigh 180lbs or more be pro active don't let your wife book your flight on Frontier, find an airline who still uses foam rubber!!"
"If by chance you get to the airport three hours early (as suggested) you can't drop your bags off, as noted in their FAQs. The desk agent spoke in such broken English hard to tell. Anyway if you happen to be at an airport like O'Hare, earlier than the point Frontier can arrange to track your bag, there are no shops or food/drink options available to you. So for a 300.00 ticket from Denver to Chicago and back I've gotten shoved into a non reclining seat that my knees hit the back of the seat in front of me, and left sitting in baggage claim for 3 hours thru no fault of our own. I'll be taking extra time in the future to book elsewhere."
"I have yet to fly with Frontier but we do have a flight booked in April. Many of these complaints about extra charges and carryon fees are ridiculous. Do you not read the rules as you're booking? It tells you every step of the way about how baggage fees work. Now, I'm hoping there are no delays or bad experiences, but many complaints are due to the passengers' inability to read and pay attention."
"Frontier Airlines flight from Las Vegas to Omaha via Denver. Flights late, which makes connecting flights hard. Did not know anything about the charge for carry on until I went online to check in. Just like some other airlines that I will not fly with again, just tell me what it is going to cost, don't bait and switch. The people at the desks were rude, but I'm sure the get the brunt of mad people. The flight crews were very good. Don't expect to get a free glass of soda or a bag of nuts, they charge for everything. There are other airlines and I will use them instead."
"Our flight from Houston to Denver was delayed by 3 hours. This made us miss our connecting flight from Denver to Salt Lake. The next available flight to Salt Lake wasn't until the next night, leaving us in the Denver airport for over 18 hours. They were unwilling to give any other alternatives. They don't have any partnerships with other airlines so no other flights were available. They got us a 'discount' on a hotel room, but they should have paid for that and given us a food voucher. 18 hours + the original 3 hour delay is completely ridiculous. The employees in the airport were completely unhelpful."
"Tried to check in the night before using the reservation code, and Frontier Airlines website kept giving errors that the code does not exist. Check in at the airport 1 hour before flight time, using the same code, and it works. Choosing any isle seat is considered premium, and have to pay an extra $11 for an isle seat all the way to the back of the airplane. Carry-on is an extra $49 charge. The lady at the counter is just unfriendly. 5 minutes before boarding, that announced that the crew will not arrive from Denver until another 4 hours, and as the result, the flight is delay 5 hours! How the heck they don't know that until 5 minutes before boarding is just beyond me. Canceled the flight, and that was supposed to be my first flight with Frontier, and I am sure I won't ever book with them again."
"Salt Lake City to Cancun via Denver. Booked with a package deal but the deal was not a deal after booking the trip and found out they charge or each checked bag and carry on. Also unless you pay for the seats you want, your family won't sit together. So in all, for flights there and back for only three of us, it cost an additional $498.00 -plus another $500.00 in taxes. But the worst part as the seats. They were to most uncomfortable seats ever and if you want a snack or drink plan on paying for that too. Star ratings below should be in the negative - except the staff was all friendly and helpful."
"Hands down the most uncomfortable flight of my life. What ultimately made my decision to never fly with Frontier Airlines again, however, was their complete lack of customer service. I had a flight from Seattle to Miami with a layover in Denver. There was a staffing issue which caused the flight to be delayed 2 hours. Upon arriving in Denver, they announced that all passengers with connecting flights had already missed their connection and needed talk to customer service to find a new flight. The customer service desk had two individuals who had no idea what they were doing and a manager, who basically working both desks. I was 5th in line and it took almost 2 hours to be helped. They explained that the customer service agent in Seattle was instructed to put most of us on different flights so we could get to our destination faster and she’s not sure why that didn’t happen, she also said that there is no way they would hold flights for 45+ minutes and “the customer service agent [at SEATAC] knows that.” She then explained that I had two options: Get on the next flight to Miami, departing the following evening at 11:55pm, or they could refund the cost of my ticket ($234) and I could fly with a different carrier. That doesn’t sound too bad! I pulled out my laptop and found a flight for $219 with United that departed at 8:27am the next morning. I showed them and said I’d just take the refund but was informed me that they can’t issue refunds at the airport and that I had to call some number to get my refund during regular business hours. At least I wasn’t trying to fly to Orlando. Two of the other passengers were put on flights that departed on Thursday and it was Monday. The following morning I call the number given to me and explained the situation but was told they can only process refunds that are submitted by a customer service agent at the airport and ultimately wasn’t able/willing to help me. I go back to the airport and talk to the manager at the ticketing counter who explained to me that Frontier was actually being very generous offering a partial refund and they were only doing it because Frontier messed something up with the staffing which caused the delay, they said “the delay was totally preventable.” He then explained that he did have the ability to give me a full refund, and I felt so relieved for that brief moment before he told me that he wasn’t going to give me the refund, because “I already used part of the service.” Ultimately, while I paid for service from Seattle to Miami, and Frontier only provided service from Seattle to Denver, that because some service was provided, even though it wasn’t what I paid for or what I wanted, that the transaction was perfectly fair. I had to burn another vacation day for work, sit in an airport for almost 24 hours, and Frontier could have prevented this entirely. At the end of the day, if there is anything I am sure of, it’s that if something does go wrong, you can be sure Frontier will do absolutely nothing to try to help you - even if it was 100% their fault."
"Denver to San Diego. I have been flying Frontier Airlines for many years, until now. Frontier use to be the most efficient and easy airline to work with. Unfortunately, they have become just like every other airline. They have reservation people who barely speak English, the frequent flyer program is a grand rip off - it's next to impossible to use miles, and it takes 20,000 miles for a one way domestic ticket. The new website is a nightmare. I have spent over an hour this morning trying to navigate it. I attempted to reset my password over six times, because apparently every time Frontier updates the website, frequent flyers have to change their password. Really? I am hugely disappointed with this \"new\" Frontier Airlines. You have joined the ranks of all the other airlines who don't give one lick how customers feel."
"Ticket agent said out digital boarding passes were sufficient for security. Guess what, they are the only ones the TSA scanners can't read at thw Ft Myers airport. Had to go through a completely full security line twice with two screaming toddlers. Only tiny snack bags available on a 4.5 hour flight. Seats now sturdier and compant, but do not recline and only have a tablet stand about 6 inches deep instead of a tray table. Impossible to reach the floor to retrieve lost crayons, but who cares, cause there's not enough tray space for even an A5 sized coloring book. Flight crew nice enough. Frontier is fine for single travelers on short flights for short trips, but will never try to take my family on this airline again. After the baggage fees etc, you wind up paying more than flying with one of the big boys."
"Frontier cancelled our flight we bought one month ago. After 3 days of trying to get in touch with their \"re-booking hotline\", they offered us to fly out of Tampa or come back a day earlier. The only flight the same day on Spirit airlines was 8 hours later than the one we booked. We had booked the outbound on United, which at this point is useless unless we purchase another flight back to replace the one Frontier cancelled. They don't care that we will have to now pay hundreds of dollars more or that if we cancel the outbound, incur $150. cancel fees. Each conversation was repeated apologies with no solutions, except we will call you tomorrow - stay by your phone. After the third day, it is clear they will do nothing except refund our money, they don't care and have lost us as customers and we will not recommend them to anyone we know. Totally frustrating experience and their lack of any type of customer service makes us glad we are not going on their airplanes if this is how they operate."
"Yesterday was my first and last experience with Frontier Airlines. Our flight from Miami to Philadelphia was delayed from 9.40 pm until 11pm. No big deal - it happens but what does not happen with any other airline is Frontier waited until 11.09pm to inform passengers that this flight was cancelled until Wednesday or Thursday (2 or 3 days later) with barely an explanation other than it's just cancelled. With the choice you can wait or you can have a one-way refund in 5-7 business days. I'm traveling with my daughters and we have work and school. A refund one-way but in the meantime I have to book another flight which cost double and a ride to Ft Lauderdale airport. My new flight is going to a nearby airport and my car is parked at Philadelphia so I'm paying for parking and I don't know when I'll be able to pick up my car. Missing a day of work, no hotel offered, paying for extra food. We have layers of clothes on in the freezing airport trying to sleep for 9 hours on hard chairs with arm rests so you can not even lay down. This is the worse thing any business has ever done to me and others involved and it's out of our control. I saw people at the counter have no options - they did not have the means to purchase additional tickets or food or hotels and found myself doing what I could to help while Frontier did nothing accept threaten to call security on a woman that was extremely frustrated. Way beyond inconvenience."
"Denver to Nashville. Frequent delays and when Frontier Airlines cancelled my flight, they do not fully refund your money. I got back 25 cents on the dollar and still had to book an alternative flight. I ended up out $700 because Frontier cancelled its own flight. Customer service is not interested in making customers happy. The phone call I made was answered by a snippy, angry customer service representative. When I asked for her supervisor, I got another snippy angry person. I do not recommend this airline."
"We had to add a stop in Denver to a previously booked trip on Alaska to accommodate a funeral. Originally we were on Alaska both ways. Alaska was very helpful and waived the change fee for both of us. We just had to find airfare from Denver to Salt Lake, as Alaska doesn't fly that route. Frontier was the cheapest so we booked it. We had a ski boot bag to check, which was free on Alaska. Reasons I won't ever book Frontier again: $45 to carry on a bag, $40 to check first bag, $45 for the second. The final straw they don't let you book with a TSA precheck number, so we had to wait in a 45min line instead of a 5min line. At this point, the service on the flight doesn't even matter."
"Frontier Airlines appears to be the most poorly managed business, I've had the displeasure of dealing with. Their website is not user friendly, they charge for every little thing so when you think you're getting a good rate on your ticket, think again! I chose the car rental offered on the website but later changed my mind. Tried to cancel the reservation but cannot on Frontier's website. They provide a phone number to call to cancel car reservations, but the phone number is to one specific car rental company, not necessarily the company you made reservations at. Our flight has been delayed now for seven hours - not due to weather problems though. We've heard several different stories from the Frontier staff on why the delay from mechanical issues, to changing out planes, to bringing in another plane from another state. Seven hours later, here we still sit, really? Keep in mind, we were not notified of this delay until it was almost time to board. We are told there is nothing they they can do, not another flight to get on, and cannot move us to another airline. We are told maybe we'll get a voucher in compensation for the delay to use on future Frontier flights. Useless when you will never fly with Frontier again. I suspect they are stringing us along only to cancel the flight altogether, then we will have really wasted our time and money. This is a business trip with four of us traveling together. We have invested a great deal of money on a trip that depends on an on-time arrival to our destination. This is not merely an inconvenience, it is a big deal."
"This is my first time flying Frontier. I flew from Denver to Seattle with no problems but on my way home I encountered and huge in convenience. I had checked one of my suitcases at the check in thinking I take my carry on, on my flight. When I get to my gate there's an announcement made that if your boarding pass doesn't state carry-on you have to pay $60 there to put it in the overhead bin. I have a backpack, and my boyfriend and I each have a carry on suitcase. If I had known that I was going to be charged at the gate I would have checked it at check in. So I am forced to check my bag here. I am beyond mad. I tell the lady at the gate that I've never heard of being charged for my carry on before and she tells me the price is usually built in to the ticket price but to keep prices low they tack it on at the airport last minute. Even so someone should have informed me of this before I get to my gate. This is ridiculous, I've never been charged for a carry-on right before my flight. Not only that but my carry-one would have fit on the floor in front of my seat. Knowing this I will never fly Frontier again."
"I flew Frontier Airlines from Denver to Seattle with no problems but on my way home I encountered huge inconvenience. I had checked one of my suitcases at the check in thinking I take my carry on, on my flight. When I get to my gate there's an announcement made that if your boarding pass doesn't state carry-on you have to pay $60 there to put it in the overhead bin. I have a backpack, and my boyfriend and I each have a carry on suitcase. If I had known that I was going to be charged at the gate I would have checked it at check in. So I am forced to check my bag here. I tell the lady at the gate that I've never heard of being charged for my carry on before and she tells me the price is usually built in to the ticket price but to keep prices low they tack it on at the airport last minute. Even so someone should have informed me of this before I get to my gate. I've never been charged for a carry-on right before my flight. Not only that but my carry-one would have fit on the floor in front of my seat. Knowing this I will never fly Frontier Airlines again."
"Houston to Denver was my first and last time flying Frontier Airlines. I really have not one good thing to say. Getting checked in took forever and wasn't done correctly. We had to wait at the gate while they re checked us in. Once on the plane we sat for almost an hour in the most uncomfortable seat without explanation, we had to attempt to keep a 2 yr old happy during this time and were lectured by a flight attendant for letting the child move. The the attendants were rude. We had to return a day early because our 2 yr old was ill and the change fees were criminal! A drink of any sort will cost you and you'd better have a credit card handy. The flight attendants on the way back were more friendly but could not make up for all the minuses. Warning the miserable seats are so small and leg room does not exist so if you are any bigger than I am You will really be cramped. I am a 5 ft 3' 100 lb person. Hopes this helps someone avoid what could be a miserable experience."
"They lure you in with low fares, but then nickel and dime you for everything. Guaranteed you will end up paying the same amount as other airlines with all of their surprise fees. The cabins are extremely uncomfortable - thin seats pressed together as closely as possible, and tiny little tray tables. I've flown with Frontier a couple of times, and each time the flights have been severely delayed without explanation. In November 2015, I was trying to get from SLC to ATL. My flight out of SLC was delayed and there was no gate agent to help anyone for the first two hours of the delay. In the meantime, people were already missing their connections and there was no representative from Frontier to help people. I ended up calling Customer Service because I was going to miss my connection in Denver, and the woman on the line told me that she couldn't help me and that I should just wait for a gate agent. Finally a gate agent showed up and she was grumpy and rude to everyone she interacted with. I told her I was going to miss my connection in Denver and that I would rather stay in SLC where I had family and friends than fly to Denver only to miss the connection and be stranded there for god knows how long. She said she could not re-book me from SLC, and the only way to get help with a new connection was to fly to Denver and they would sort it out there. This was during Thanksgiving week when it is extremely difficult to re-book. Terrible customer service, terrible accommodations, hidden fees everywhere."
"Denver to Orlando with Frontier, I used to love flying this airline but standards seem to have fallen. Expect costs everywhere for everything. I thought Spirit was bad but shockingly, Frontier is worse. Their new seats are uncomfortable. Then waiting for the costly beverage service - we got passed twice and the staff started collecting trash before we were even asked if we wanted anything. I am now sitting at baggage claim over an hour after I landed and there are 2 Frontier flights ahead of us still waiting on their bags. One of the flights landed an hour before ours did. Do not waste your money with this company as they clearly do not value their customers at all."
"Frontier used to be Denver hometown airline, not at all anymore. Whoever took them over last year has stripped the cabins bare. The seats are incredibly uncomfortable, narrow and packed together. I am a small person, 5\", 110 lbs. We flew from Denver to DC January 2016, 2.5 hour flight. I sat on my jacket the whole way for some cushion. I recommend bringing a seat cushion, like you would if you were sitting on bench for a game. There is no plugins for devices, coffee is $2 - really? You pay for everything. Pack your own water and your own healthy food, because all they have is junk food to purchase. Leg room, unless you pay extra, is non- existent. They charge for checked and carry-on luggage. By the time you add everything you need to a basic ticket you are paying more than most other airlines. They also make you buy a subscription to get the lowest basic prices. I always flew Frontier in the past, not anymore. Southwest is looking really good to me. Finally, getting the luggage out in a timely manner has somehow escaped them in all these changes, too few staff? At both ends we waited about 45 minutes for the luggage to surface from the bowels of the airports."
"Every time I've ever flown on Frontier the experience has been sub par at best. This last time my wife had a horrible experience with them that made me never want to fly them again. She booked a flight from Los Angeles to Denver. I've found their website to be horrible, and every time we put in our credit card it says that confirmation code is declined. After multiple tries it will finally accept our card. To make a long story short they had two transactions pending on our card and never informed us that the transactions where in fact declined on their end. The night my wife goes to check in they say she did not actually purchase a ticket. We had to fight the manager on the phone to get the price of the ticket close to what we purchased it at. There is a reason why this airline has such low ratings. For a 300 dollar flight from LA to DEN I get small rows, no carry on, no bag."
"Frontier Airlines promote it as \"you get the basics\" from our low fares and then \"customize\" from there. Apparently the basics does not include luggage, beverages, or comfortable seating. It was by far the most uncomfortable seats I have ever used. What is worse is that we received an email that our flight was cancelled. My husband called to see if that was correct, spoke to a incompetent individual who not only answered the question if our flight was cancelled incorrectly (which it was not), but then proceeded to put us on hold and hang up on us. When we called back, they said that he had moved the flight (we traveled from DC to Denver and he placed us on another flight from DC to Denver!). The airline was terrible, saying that our seats had already been taken and that they could not get us on a new flight until three days later."
"I was scheduled to fly Frontier Airlines from Philadelphia to Chicago on 28th December 2015 at 4:55 PM. When I reached the Philadelphia airport 2 hours prior to the flight time, I got to know that the flight was delayed till 6:30 PM. After sitting and waiting at the terminal for another hour and a half, we were told that now the flight was delayed till 8:30 PM. After another hour, finally we were informed that the flight was cancelled. For the earlier delay, the reason cited was that the airplane was coming from an international flight so was checked by authorities. For the cancellation, they said that it is due to weather conditions. We could either get our refund, which was really low since I had booked 2 months in advance, or re-book the flight. The next available flight was on 4 days later. There was no advanced info about delay/cancellation and the customer service was very rude and said due to weather related reasons they won't listen to our concerns. When I finally did fly on the 1st January, the flight was again delayed by half an hour, the seats were highly uncomfortable and the less I speak about customer service, the better. I would never recommend Frontier to anyone."
"I was extremely disappointed that Frontier Airlines charged extra for just about everything on our trip to and from Philadelphia to Cancun. They charge extra for your seat at check-in, even those at the back of the plane that do not recline even an inch. Frontier not only charges for checked luggage, they also charge you for carry-on luggage. With luggage and seat costs, it cost my family of three approximately $300 extra. Frontier also charges you for a soda and juice. You can get water for free. In addition to the numerous extra charges, I checked in and was billed. I received a call about three hours later asking me to check in again because the system was not working properly. I am waiting to see if I get charged twice on my credit card for the two check ins."
"I would only recommend Frontier Airlines for short trips and if you have your own entertainment (computer, Tablet etc) and you bring your own drinks and food. Only water is for free and we only got on the flight from Phoenix to SFO not on the way back. The flight attendants were nice. Our flight back was 3 hours delayed and nobody told us about that or the reason. Even the crew didn't know what was going on. Its more expensive to pay for a carry on than a checked bag. The nice thing is, that even in the normal Economy Class you have a lot of room for your legs. Not again if I don't have to."
"This airline does not take care of its elderly passengers. Further it does not acknowledge poor service. Our 86 year old Mother with rheumatoid arthritis was not accommodated with a wheelchair upon arrival in Denver, she was told there would be one coming to get her, she waited at the gate for more than an hour, along with another elderly lady needing assistance. After asking multiple of times for assistance, knowing their families were waiting, they proceeded to walk the entire airport assisting each other. We called the airline the following day to report the poor service and requesting we be contacted to acknowledge our concerns for the lack of care for their Elderly passengers - that was nearly 3 weeks ago and we have not heard anything from them. We fly our mother to Austin yearly and sometimes multiple times yearly, this was our first and last time to use Frontier. I don't recommend using Frontier for elderly flying alone or children flying alone. They have the worst customer service I've ever encountered flying."
"If I could give Frontier Airlines a 0 out of 10 in every category I would. Denver to San Francisco, and delayed over 6 hours when all other airlines are on time. They charge for everything except water. Baggage fees cost more than other airlines. Employees don't care about their costumers. I wouldn't fly this airline again if they gave me free tickets. And I'm cheap that's how bad it is."
"I took my daughter home for the holidays as I have done for the past 11 years. After she turned 14 on most airlines I don't pay an unaccompanied minor fee, however I have always been able to get a gate pass as a courtesy. They let me know it is a courtesy and when she is 18 that will stop and that is fine with me. During her first portion of her trip her father got a gate pass and was able to take her to the plane. On the flight back, I asked for a pass when I came to drop off her bags; I let them know that she was 17, the response of the agent was that she was sorry but children over 14 were adults and they should know enough to get to a plane. In LV casinos have enough sense to prevent minors from being alone after 10 pm. However, Frontier airlines have no shame in letting a child walk to a gate alone at 12am in the morning. I went back to the desk and tried to explain and another agent told me to ask TSA because there was heavy volume. I went back to the Agent at TSA and they told me there wasn't heavy volume. By this time I was very upset because I had no choice at this point. I work in customer service and the cold and heartlessness of these counter agents and the concern of my child's safety made me upset. I really didn't expect the lack of concern and caring about this situation."
"Frontier Airlines will sell you tickets months in advance, confirm your flights a night before yet when you go to the airport you are lucky if they get you to your destination they will cancel your flight and will offer you no reasonable solution or alternative! This happened to our family off four during the holidays. Our flight from SFO to RDU was delayed for 7 hours. After 7 hours of waiting at the airport, we were told that \"unfortunately you will miss your connection in Denver and we won't be able to take you to North Carolina tonight\". When we asked what our options were, he suggested if we really wanted to be home for Christmas we should ask for a refund and walk to another airline's ticket counter and try to find tickets! Sure, it is the week of Christmas and all other airlines had tons of affordable tickets - all we had to do was just try! When we told the rep that was not really an option, he said \"well, I can take you to Denver tonight. Then from Denver every night we will try to fly one of you to RDU and by Christmas Day, you should all make it home\". Again, we did not think living at Denver Airport 4 nights and waiting for our family to be flown home separately a day apart each over 4 days was a serious alternative. There were dozens of angry, stranded Frontier customers were in line behind us waiting to get their chance to talk to the only agent there who had nothing to offer. We called got 4 Delta tickets from Denver to Raleigh portion and flew back home. When we tried to call Frontier to request a refund, they argued with us about how much of a refund we should be getting. The refund they offered was 1/4 of our total purchase price, plus with new on the spot tickets we had to purchase out of our pocket, this trip cost us double the amount and of course, Frontier Airlines did not offer to accept any responsibility. Customer Service agents apologized saying they cannot offer any thing above this amount of refund which is predetermined by their airline and we should go to their website, look for a form to fill and send our request to their corporate offices. We will never fly Frontier again. We had the financial means to purchase new tickets from a different airline, what about the planeload of others whose flights were cancelled too and were told they needed to wait \"days\" to make it home? I still feel so terrible about an older lady trying to go to Phoenix to be with her grandchildren and agent telling her next possible flight will be in 48h - she kept asking us (she was behind us in the line) \"Can they legally do that ? Can they really keep you waiting at the airport 48 hours?\" I had no good answers for her. Frontier Airlines, you are supposed to be in transportation business and reading the previous reviews, it is my understanding that this kind of thing is common for you. It is disgraceful, terrible business."
"Chicago to Fort Myers. Our flight was cancelled due to weather. We knew that weather could be a factor so we checked in several times prior to driving an hour to Chicago O'Hare airport. Upon arrival they even let us pay for all of our bags with all the additional fees for carry ons, full luggage etc. We asked if the flight was on time etc before we proceeded to purchase bags and try to get through security. We were just over an hour away from the flight taking off. They assured us we were fine before we paid. As soon as we walked up to our gate the flight was cancelled. We waited in line to see how they were going to accommodate us with another airline or a flight tomorrow. They offered us nothing except that they could get us on a flight 4 days later. We were told they couldn't do anything but here is a piece of paper with a number on it that we could call and see what they could do. Well what about our checked bags? They were on the carousel two downstairs we were told. We went down to the carousel and there were all the passengers one and not one representative was there at the carousel nor was anyone's luggage. The luggage was never even loaded on to the plane because there was no plane. It took over an hour and a half to finally track down an employee who finally took our baggage receipt. After 30 minutes they showed up with our luggage. I had never used Frontier Airlines before but did so as this was an economical fare and the only flight that worked with the timetable I had to travel back home to Florida."
"San Francisco to Houston. Awful experience all around. Rude crew, not accommodating and they charge you for everything even soft drinks. There is no inflight entertainment and row 4 doesn't recline for some weird reason. They were rude to my husband for carrying my carry-on because I was pregnant and went on the plane before him. They made him step out of line and threaten to charge him. You end up paying over $100 on bags and drinks/snacks, you might as well fly someone else."
"Awful - a 5 hour delay departing from Denver. No complimentary anything during the Frontier Airlines flight. $45 carry on fee. Showed up for my return flight home Christmas day exactly 45 minutes prior to take off and the check in desk was already closed, no Frontier assistant in sight. Only had one flight Christmas day. The next one wasn't until the 27th. So my mother resorted to driving 8 hours to Denver herself. I did receive a $70 credit for a future flight through Frontier, but I'd rather eat the wasted money than fly with them again."
"Frontier Airlines is hands down the worst airline. Flew from Chicago O'Hare to Punta Cana. The seats were as comfortable as a folding chair, no padding, they didn't recline. The tray table was about 3 in deep and 6 in wide. Ridiculously small. No movie, tv, music, absolutely no entertainment. No wifi. Beverages were $2. Snacks were even more. We witnessed a flight attendant shout at an elderly man to sit down when he was waiting for his elderly wife (who was seated in the middle seat) to walk back from the lavatory. The flight attendant made him sit down for max of 15 seconds and then he struggled to stand back up so his wife could pass him back to her seat."
"My family was booked for a direct flight from St Louis to Cancun with a 6:15am departure on Frontier Airlines. They noticed that a warning light went off for no reason so we returned to the gate and waited for 6 hours. Once they finally told us what was going on and that they had cancelled the flight and would be giving us a free flight the next day. I was so angry we called the hotel we were supposed to be staying at to push the reservation back a day. I suggest that you don't fly on this airline."
"I had a 5 hour delay with Frontier Airlines from Kansas City to Denver. They said mechanical difficulty. I would like to know how you don't send another plane within 5 hours. I will never fly this airline again, no matter what the price is. Worst airline I have seen in customer service. It took over 20 mins after a 5 hour flight to get our lugguage."
"I wrote a great review on my first flight and unfortunately I have to write one the the worst reviews. My flight was delayed for three hours, so I called the customer service and was told that I had to go to the airport to make any changes. When I got to the airport, the ticket counter said since I was already checked in, I would have to go to the gate. When I got to the gate, no one was there until 30 minutes prior to boarding. Called the customer service number and all I got was an apology. I am going to miss a dinner that I paid a lot of money to attend, and an \"I'm sorry\" doesn't cut it. If you have the option, stay far away from Frontier. Their only solution which they stated a dozen times was to book me on the next flight four hours later. Unbelievably ignorant and uncaring."
"When I arrived at the airport, 2 hours early, they told me that the flight that was supposed to leave at 5:45pm, was delayed till 11:30pm due to weather. I went and asked Southwest Airlines and they said their flight was on time at scheduled departure time of 5:40pm. I went back to Frontier and the rep told me that it changed to only 6:40pm. So I decided to wait with my 78 year old mom with Parkinson's in a wheelchair. But then at about 6:10pm they said it was delayed till 11:45pm. I wouldn't recmmend anyone fly this airline. They should have backup planes and not lie to their customers."
"Flying out of Denver to Atlanta our Frontier Airlines flight was originally scheduled for 4.10pm, we were delayed the first time for an hour, then it was 2 hrs, then the flight was completely taken off the board with no communication from the airline. After the 2 hour disappearance it reappeared with a new flight time of 10.40pm, just as we are about to board the the plane at 10.45 the airline personnel actually made people disboard because of the lack of flight personnel. We were informed that the crew member was on the premises and it would take another 15 min before they got to the plane, after an hours wait, another captain from another flight made the crew board the passengers to get the process going. After an 8.5 hour delay we finally left for Atlanta. Got to our rental car company in just enough time to get the car drive to my sons graduation from army bootcamp without any sleep. Barely made it there because of this airline. No voucher, not even a free bag of peanuts. Never again with Frontier. Another delay on the way back from Atlanta to Denver, 6 hrs because of maintenance issues in another city."
"Cleveland to Salt Lake City via Denver. Plane delayed 3 hours out of Cleveland due to mechanical issues. Cleveland agents would not confirm a new connecting flight because they said we would make our connection, which we didn't. We were told we were on standby for another flight, we weren't. Confirmed on a 6:30pm flight. Our original flight was supposed to leave at 5:30am. The employees have been totally unhelpful and so rude it is stunning! Even after a 3 hour delay of our flight they charged for drinks and food on our flight to Denver. We were emailed a $100 certificate for our next flight. No Thank You! This was our first time flying Frontier Airlines and it will be our last! Believe all the bad reviews and ratings you read. Fly someone else. There are plenty of discount airlines that will at least be helpful and considerate."
"I think it absolutely ridiculous that Frontier Airlines now charges for carry-on luggage. Flew DFW to DEN. This fee was not well enough highlighted during the booking process, or I would have most certainly not booked the ticket-would have paid an extra $20 to fly with another airline that includes carry-on luggage instead of a total of $80 roundtrip with Frontier. I am a frequent flyer (although not with Frontier, to be fair) and hence well familiar with booking flights online, but this fee did not even cross my radar during the booking. Or if it did, I must have thought it so ludicrous that it was referring to something else. These extra airline charges are getting to be absolutely absurd. Who flies with only a purse? This has certainly influenced me to not choose Frontier in the future."
"We booked a nonstop flight from SFO to Chicago OHare. It is required to pay for luggage and only a purse size personal item. On our return flight we were delayed 2 times. Scheduled to leave at 7:55 and departure scheduled for 2:00 pm. Hopefully the last delay. Their other flights left on time. I would think they would try to get us a different plane. That didn't happen. Needless to say the low fares are not low after paying luggage fees and delays. No free snacks not even drinks. I will never fly with Frontier again."
"The seats on Frontier were very uncomfortable, they no longer have cushions and will not push back. So your left setting up in a prone position with a very small arm rest. Even worse the fold down utility tray is now only 5 inch deep, so because the space between you and the seat in front of you are so close now you can no longer use a ipad or laptop. No inflight entertainment anymore either, the seats are not big enough to hold a small 6 inch monitor. You pay $30 dollars for a carry on and for normal luggage. Onboard I felt like a I was strapped into a child's car seat in the floorboard of a compact car. Never again!"
"I had been a long time supporter of Frontier Airlines for many years. Having flown on the airline likely over 50+ times in the past 10 years. Over the past few years I have experienced the steady decline in both service and quality, nonetheless continued to utilize the airline for both business and personal travel. My recent flight from Tampa to Denver represents one of the most disgraceful flying experiences. The seats on this airplane are not only poorly designed and uncomfortable, they are unsafe. These seats represent what happens when an airline crosses the line in an effort to cut costs. I will never book another ticket on Frontier Airlines."
"Las Vegas to Denver via Memphis. This is the worst airline ever! I thought Spirit was bad, but nothing compares to Frontier. I traveled with Frontier Airlines on 11/24/15, going to visit my family for the thanksgiving holiday and I boarded from Las Vegas to Denver where I had a seven hour layover before reaching my destination. When I checked in at the ticket counter in Vegas I did not have any checking luggage but I did have a carry on bag but was never told by the agent that I had to pay for my carry on, neither was I told anything before boarding the plane. However, when I got ready to board in Denver, I was told by the lady who was taking the boarding passes that I had to step out of the line and go to the next counter because my bag needed to have a ticket associated with it. When I went to the counter the lady that I approached told me that I had to pay USD60.00 for my carry on. Of course I questioned that since I was not told that initially, I asked to speak to a supervisor but got no satisfaction from him. Said they were doing their job and the people in Vegas did not do theirs. This is my second time flying with Frontier and both times were bad experiences. The only reason I flew with them again was because I had a voucher from the first bad experience and was compensated for what my fiancé and I went through. I know they try to entice people with their low fares but they get you with their outrageous fees for baggage and carry on, which when you look at it you really is not getting a deal at all! If you could avoid flying with this airline, please do and save yourself the headache. I would not recommend this airline to anyone! Frontier Airlines put you through all that and their seats are not comfortable and nothing is free except water."
"I received a text from Frontier Airlines stating my flight was delayed by 2 hours which would have caused me to miss my connecting flight. So I called Frontier and they had no reason for delay and no other flights available that day so I cancelled the flight with refund agreed by agent on the phone. I then booked flight with Delta to fly on that date. I was told I'd receive refund from Frontier within 10 business days. Three weeks went by and I called them. I was told no refund and no record of my call. Be very careful with this airline!"
"Greensboro to San Francisco via Denver. This was the worst airline I have flown and I love to fly. The seats on Frontier were most uncomfortable, you pay $30 dollars for a cary on, $25 for normal luggage,from SFO back to Denver there was no place to put my carry on so I had to place it under the seat. Onboard the plane I felt like a sardine in a can."
"Colorado had a major snow storm night before I was due to depart. My flight was 1159 pm and we left Colorado Springs at 4 pm so we could take our time. Well we hit icey roads and ended up totaling daughters car. Thank God we were not hurt. I called Frontier to see if I could change flight to next night since I wasn't about to ask someone else to drive dangerous roads to get me there, I explained the situation with the accident and road conditions and rep said sure we have room on next nights flight, it will cost $547 total. That is ridiculous! I can get last minute round trip flights for less than that. Anyway, I no longer care how cheap their flights may be, due to their lack of compassion and nickel and dining tactics, I will never fly with them again. I would rate them a zero if possible."
"Frontier went from my favorite airline to the worst in one trip. In addition to charging for everything (including the seat, checked and carry on luggage and in flight drinks) they changed planes again and the seats are small with no leg room. My flight back from Detroit to Las Vegas included a 8 hour layover in Denver, overnight, when the entire airport closes down. Can't even get a drink of water for 6 hours. The inflight staff is just about the rudest I've ever seen. They are annoyed with you before you even board, and don't need anything. The scoffs and eye rolling are free if you do."
"Milwaukee to Las Vegas with Frontier Airlines. Terrible seats were like sitting on a sheet of hard plastic. The seats do not recline. There were extra fees for carry-on and seat fees. We have flown to Las Vegas for over twenty years and this was one of the worst trips. Not worth the savings flying with Frontier Airlines."
"Frontier Airlines doesn't even deserve one star. On my way to a funeral from DC to Detroit, they lost my luggage on a direct flight. Minutes after the luggage was distributed, you can't find anyone at the airport from Frontier to help you out. The two adjacent airlines tried their best to help me but to no avail. I spent over 15 hours from the airport and at my destination trying to reach a person who can help me and no one knew what they were doing. I was giving alternate contacts that had nothing to do with lost luggage. I spent hours trying to reach a live person and 90 percent of the time I was disconnected. Although I gave everyone I spoke with my number to call me back after being disconnected, they promised to call back and no one ever did. Left numerous messages at the Detroit airport but I was called back Monday morning to let me know that the luggage was found at their office and I didn't not receive it till Monday late. I spoke to several supervisor to let them know that all my clothing, cosmetics, etc were in the luggage for the funeral that weekend and they said go ahead a purchase the items. When I tried to get a budget, no one would give me a figure. On my return to DC, I filed the 3rd., claim with the person in charge at the office. Gave her the receipts and I assumed all would be well. It's been close to three months now and many, many follow up calls and the same untrained phone customer service people who get you no where. Finally someone informed me that I can file a complaint on line. I couldn't believe that I got a call from the Detroit office claiming that they never received messages from me. I assured her that I have phone documentation to prove how many calls I made to Detroit and the national number. She then informs that I should have been give an authorization to purchase items. I screamed at her that no one ever told me that and that I tried to ask for a budget and no one would address it. She asked me to email her the receipts because the Detroit office didn't have them. The apparently lost them, and it was my responsibility to resend them to me. She gave me a gmail number which surprised me that it was not a Frontier email. Guess what - the email kicked back. This is the worst customer service experience I have ever received from anyone. Although people think they are cheap, after you pay all the extra, they were much higher than Delta. Never again would I ever use them."
"Kansas City to Seattle via Denver. I chose Frontier Airlines for a one way flight back home to Seattle from Kansas City. All in all, Frontier was mediocre. Pros: cheap airfare, flights on time or early, convenient flight times , customer service was pretty good. Cons: charge for carry in bags, additional charge for seat, no complimentary snacks or beverages offered in flight (other than glasses of water), minimal options of food and beverage for purchase, no in flight entertainment of any kind. Almost no padding on seats - tiny (half size maybe?) tray tables, no wifi. I may fly Frontier again for short trips, but it's not up to the standards of other airlines as far as in flight experience goes."
"Customer Service on Frontier Airlines is abysmal. I had problems every step of the way. I talked to airline employees from gate agents, to ticket agents, to flight attendants, to customer service employees. All were unhelpful. They could tell that I was an irate customer. I would think they would want to make me feel better. I'm not asking for free stuff. Just a smile - which I never saw. They advertise low prices but dont tell you they will charge you $40 to carry an item on. $2 for a coke. $5 for a cup of coffee. I will never fly on Frontier again."
"This review is to prepare other Frontier \"possible\" passengers of the potential additional costs of flights. Due to a family emergency, I quickly found a flight to be with an ill family member. The most direct flight at a reasonable cost was selected - It just happened to be Frontier. The cost was slightly less expensive than other carriers. Like a wolf in sheep's clothing, I was impressed and even purchased the \"DEN Discount\" for $49. That was then. Today, I see there's a $30 fee to Carry-on my luggage. (Yes, I said carry my own) baggage. Then there's the $6-25 fee for your seat. That's an extra - $82 costs! After I realized, I was more cost effective using another carrier and that I would never fly Frontier again. I asked to be refunded for the DEN Discount. Sorry the rep said after 24 hours it's non-refundable. My flight isn't even scheduled until tomorrow. After looking at these reviews - I'm regretting my choice to go Frontier! Run, Passengers - Use another provider who's up-front andre reliable! Boy, do I wish I did. 0/10 for overall rating."
"Frontier Airlines is absolutely the most awful airline. Hidden fees. Terrible times. Horrendous website. Paid for their 'Discount Den' and cannot use it online - keeps asking for me to re-pay. Can't e-mail directly with concerns until after the fact. Service has deteriorated over time. Just awful."
"First and last time we will fly Frontier Airlines. My son is active duty military and returned home last week from a 8 month deployment. I had seen Frontiers ads about inexpensive fares, and since the military does not give you more than a few days notice, I decided to fly them. After booking them through Orbitz (package deal) I loved onto Frontiers website (not easy to use) and choose our seats. To my shock, you had to pay extra for your seat ($9-30) AND pay for your luggage whether checked or carryon! Really? I asked customer service about the seat charge. If you want to sit where you want to, you must pay the extra fee. My husband is tall and needs extra leg room. The head flight attendant both directions were very cranky, the seats do not recline, but the topper is the charge for anything other than a half a cup of water (2.5 hr flight)! Coffee, soda or a bag of peanuts are all $1.99! So in closing, if you add up all of the fees tacked on we could have flown an airline that we actually enjoy!"
"I was to fly from Minneapolis to Portland, with a stop in Denver. This was my first time flying with Frontier Airlines, I will never do so again. My tickets were purchased from Frontier's website, so I was hoping for a good experience. I checked in online the evening before, printed my boarding pass and paid for my bags. I was thinking that I was good to go. When I got to Frontier's counter to actually check my bag, this is where the problem began. The kiosks weren't working, so people who were flying couldn't do this part, and had to wait for a counter person. This caused a huge back up. When I finally got to the counter, the clerk said you aren't going to be able to check your bag, you will need to take it to the gate and see if they can do it there. Then all of us had to go through the TSA checkpoint, which normally is pretty efficient, but not today. They decided to take my \"bag\" and go through it, which then caused me to miss my flight. I had to then go to the counter at the gate, wait for someone to come and find out what to do next. They rebooked me for later, to leave Minneapolis at the time I was to arrive in Portland Oregon. I'm not happy, very angry as Frontier employees just seem to be unconcerned for my plight."
"Incompetence, coupled with excessive fees - I will not fly Frontier again. Due to a nationwide computer glitch my flight was delayed 1.5 hours. The ground crew professed to have no information about where our aircraft was, when it would arrive, or the impact on the ability of myself and other passengers to make connections. They repeatedly broadcast to the passengers that there was nothing they could do. Despite this glitch, the ground staff stated that the flight was oversold and that they could book willing passengers on later flights (this, to me, seemed to contradict their statement that they had no information on any other Frontier flights). I detest airlines that do not state fees up front which is tricky when buying through Expedia or other sites. I had the nasty surprise of having to pay for cabin baggage ($30). I was unfamiliar with Frontier before this trip, and will not fly with them again. Lack of communication, lack of information, frustrated ground staff, late flights, missed connections, bag fees, seat-selection fees."
"My husband and I had flown Frontier in 2009 and early 2010 and loved them. Their approach to customer service was fantastic and who wouldn't love the chocolate chip cookies they served in flight. Fast track now to 2015 - my hubby and I needed to make a trip to Denver from DC for a medical specialist appointment. The trip out was uneventful but we saw significant changes from the Frontier we loved back in 2009. This airline has been transformed into an ultra low cost carrier (eg Spirit Airlines) and as I have learned since my flight, was purchased in 2013 and torn apart by Indigo Partners. Our return trip on Oct 5th was an absolute nightmare. While the surgeon was late for my appointment, this cut us very tight at DIA. Security lines took over 50 minutes (one of the most inefficient TSA operations I have ever seen and I fly a lot for work). We ran through the terminal to the gate only to find out that they flight had left early and there were no more flights back to DC that night. We were sent to Frontier's customer service desk in DIA's A terminal and they were completely worthless. Were willing to rebook us both (for a $95 fee x2 of course). We paid it after contacting other airlines and determining there was no other way to return to DC that afternoon/evening. We were left with a hotel bill for a night we hadn't planned, an additional $25 in parking fees at DCA and lost work for both my husband and I. I have tried calling multiple times but no one will return my call. Very dissatisfied customer who has learned her lesson and will not fly the 'new Frontier' again."
"After booking the first thing I was charged was an \"occupancy\" fee. Isn't it implied that I'll be occupying the plane when I buy the plane ticket? My girlfriend was charged to bring on her purse. Keep in mind this isn't some outrageous huge purse. This is a small 12 inch purse. But still we were charged for that along with our carry on bag. So after already being in a bad mood from paying the hidden fees we get inside the plane. The seats were uncomfortable, provide no personal space and I spent the entire trip with some guy laying on my shoulder. Don't get hungry or thirsty unless you feel like paying even more. The only positive comment I will give is there was a fox painted on the wing of the plane. That's not spectacular but what else was there to be excited about on this plane. If you're thinking about flying on this airline I suggest you walk. you'll have a better time."
"Bad customer service, hidden fees and an overall poor experience is what awaits you on Frontier Airlines. Staff outside of the planes really took the \"low cost\" approach to customer service and are basically just there to collect tolls. The staff on the plane was friendly but it couldn't overcome being nickle and dimed at every step. I will not fly Frontier Airlines again."
"Frontier Airlines were absolutely pitiful on this trip from Chicago to Raleigh, and can't wait to see them close up. $40 per carry on, or $30 to check a bag. All of this is hidden in the fine print. Staff are also unfriendly and unprofessional."
"Low initial price, I paid $300 for two one-way tickets with Frontier Airlines. The fees I paid brought my grand total to over $800! The customer service is terrible. My wife and I encountered the rudest customer service people at the ticketing counter for Frontier Airlines at DCA. You'll pay more in the long run and have a rude awakening as to just how bad airlines can get."
"I am 62 years old and have flown extensively for business and pleasure. I have been a Frontier Airlines supporter and used to like the airline. After flying on an aircraft with the plastic seats and 6\" tray tables I will never fly on Frontier again and go out of my way to let others know how miserable the airline has become. In addition the website seems to be incapable of understanding an expiration date on a credit card. Sold me baggage tickets and then credited them back out. Tried to charge $13 for seats behind the ones I got for no charge. Refused to offer aisle seats. Looked like plenty of people are still willing to put up with this experience."
"I was quite upset with the Frontier Airlines carry on baggage fee and the required $16 charge per seat which was required to be paid or no boarding pass. This added $92 to my flight cost. Round trip will be $184. The seats are ridged and dont recline. A greyhound bus seats are better. Most uncomfortable flight ever."
"I purchased my tickets from Frontier Airlines and after a satisfactory trip to my destination, my return trip was absolute misery. Frontier cancelled my return trip and I was stuck for 2 days without a way home. I tried customer service several times. There was always a long wait and it always took several times explaining to get my message across. Finally, a rep promised to offer a full refund and email confirming such. I never received the email and never received the refund. After I finally returned home on another airline, Frontier Airlines customer service once again would not honor their word for a refund. Frontier is fine to save a few bucks but if you have any problem whatsoever, don't expect it to get resolved."
"Only positive of our Frontier Airlines trip is we arrived from our flight from Vegas to Orlando. If you are planning to book with Frontier you might want to consider their business practices. The price they give you is not the price you are paying. There are surcharges left and right. They consider any suitcase, regardless if it is a small carry-on or a checked bag, an optional service and charge you 30 to 50 $ per bag extra. This is not disclosed properly on booking sites. So if you plan to bring anything aboard you will be charged extra. They also charge extra if you want an exit row (its their version of first class). They want to charge you for a soda. I basically did not drink during the flight. They do not provide anything to eat, not even a bag of peanuts or a single pretzel on a 4 hour flight. Looking for something to plug your headphones in? Keep looking. No entertainment options whatsoever, not even if you would pay for it. No screen showing your travel stats, no movies, no music, no plug to recharge your electronic, no onboard wifi, no in-cabin skyphone. They don't even have a blanket or pillow on board.  The absolute worst are the seats. Forget regular airplane seats as you know them from other airlines. The seats in a Frontier plane are made of a hard plastic shell with a very thin vinyl cover over it. They have pretty much no cushioning. The back of the seats are not a high as regular seats and sit very upright. They are incredibly uncomfortable. They are kind of curved forward so you remain in a slightly hunched position all the time. I had flown many 12 to 14 hour trips with a number of airlines before. Because of these terrible seats this 4 hours was worse than any other of the much longer flights. The seats are not only terribly uncomfortable, they are also very dangerous for tall people. The seat back is short and ends in the height of my neck. I am 6 foot 6 inches tall and if we had any turbulence I would hit my neck right at the hard upper edge of the seat. No cushioning to soften the blow. If you could choose another airline, even if you had to detour, I would strongly suggest that option. Jetblue and Southwest are pure luxury compare to the Frontier version of travel. Frontier is neither cheap nor a good experience."
"We recently flew Frontier Airlines from Chicago to Vegas and back. We had flown in 2013 with Frontier and were surprised they now charge $30 for one carry on. Also, it seems all the seats have been changed with less padding. Less than an inch of padding in backs and seat, which makes for a very uncomfortable flight. The tray tables are half the size of a normal tray. The staff on the flight were rude and unprofessional. I am anxious on flights, and watch crew a lot. The fight attendants seemed frantic. At one time the co pilot spent 20 min outside the cockpit chatting with a stewardess. Very unprofessional!"
"I am incredibly disappointed in Frontier Airlines. Over the last 15 years I've flown numerous times and had never had complaints about them, but this new $30 for a carry on bag? Are you kidding? It has always been a free personal and free carry on bag as it is with many other airlines. There is absolutely no reason to be charging for a carry on bag. And the paying to sit together deal is ridiculous as well. Especially when it takes you through the screen to charge you $25-$30 to choose seats together, and then when I chose no thanks I'll take whatever, it gives me both seats together anyway. So I would have just spent more in stupid bag and seat fees than the ticket cost itself was. Get it together Frontier. You've just lost a long time customer."
"Frontier Airlines sent an email describing unreal fares. I bought 2 tickets from Vegas to Washington DC for $75 each. Incredible, right? Wrong. There was no entertainment. Well, ok. The seats didn't recline and the table was smaller than half the size of a laptop. Well, again, for $75 ok. There was no free snacks or drinks. Soda was $2. If you purchased more than 1 seat and wanted to sit next to the other person the cost was between $9-$50 more. When I tried to board for the flight back to Vegas they kicked me out of line and told me I had to pay $60 for my carry-on bag. When I got my receipt for the bag it also included $107 for \"fees and taxes\" and $110 for \"services\". My total bill for my $150 flight ($75x2) was $316. Some of the airline employees that I dealt with were ok but others were unprofessional and rude."
"The flight from San Francisco to Denver was delayed nine 9 hours. No one could tell us when the flight might leave, so we couldn't leave the gate area but for short periods. No effort was made to book passengers on alternative flights or airlines. They claim not to have partner airlines and I can understand why no one would partner with them. I will never fly Frontier Airlines again and would never recommend Frontier. The worst experience in 30+ years of flying."
"I have flown for over 42 years and must say that this flight with Frontier Airlines from Denver to Portland was the most disappointed I have ever been in an airline or in information given on a flight. As far as the flight attendants were concerned they seemed to do a very good job considering they had to spend more time as sales people than flight service. What bothered us most was we had to pay piecemeal for every item totaling $50.00+ more than another airline. I am unable to sit by the window and noted it in my reservations and was than given a seat next to the window. On the flight back we had to pay so I could get an aisle seat. Then nowhere were we told we would have to pay more for carryon than to check our bags, had we known this we would have combined luggage for one checked bag. Last the seats were hard, did not adjust, no entertainment and the instructions were jammed in as an afterthought. I am sorry to give this kind of report as most often I prefer to complement to complaint."
"My wife purchased these Frontier Airlines tickets, I cannot say how disappointed I was to find out that we have to pay for Carry-Ons. They say you are getting such a great deal, but then you have pay for something you do not have to pay for on other airlines. This is no deal. I would never recommend Frontier Airlines."
"Although I got to the counter well before the cut-off time the Frontier employee told me it was too late to get my boarding pass printed or to check my bag. I luckily did manage to print my boarding pass at a self-checkin machine. At the gate I was told that it would have been possible to put my luggage on the flight simply by bringing it with me through security, although the lady at the counter had told me I couldn't get my bag on the flight anymore. The next day I called customer service for the error that was clearly made on their part. I was handed off from one person to the next and no one was willing to help me."
"The good price deal was a scam. You pay extra for carry on's, check-in's, seats, seat changes (even if on accident), food and even drinks except water. They charge you for everything. So there was really no savings at all. Airlines have forgotten the art of good customer service and in the future I will try to avoid Frontier."
"It seems that the base fare is not reasonably acceptable, but actually punitive. The add on fees are basically required for any sort of convenient travel. The customer service is a total joke. I understand that it has been totally outsourced and it is evident from the lack of compassion shows to travelers after my flight was cancelled. I used to be a loyal Frontier traveler with a rewards program membership and credit card. I have since cancelled my card and gifted my several hundred thousand reward miles to friends and family. I actually feel a little guilty for this. Frontier was once my preferred airline of choice, now I'll pay in excess of a $100 premium not to fly them. This is what happens when you quit making your employees and customers a priority."
"Our first flight was delayed an hour and our flight back (7pm) was cancelled after waiting 6 hours upon arrival. We were already on the runway, got sent back to the gate to \"fuel up\" again because of a \"reroute\". After an hour, they open up the gate because all of a sudden, there was another technical difficulty (same for first flight) that affected all Frontier airlines nationally. After waiting 6 hours upon arrival, our flight was cancelled. All the passengers marched to the front desk to wait in a line that soon turned into a rally. The employees were poorly equipped to handle scenarios like this. They decided to call the names of 180 passengers individually to hand them their hotel vouchers. They called about 50 names then the front desk agents decided to just abadoned the rest of the customers who were left to find their hotel vouchers with their name. They did tell us before hand that we can book our own hotel and be re-imbursed afterwards. I had no choice but to just book my own."
"I had no idea what I was getting into when I made reservations with Frontier. They nickel and dime you to death. We had to pay extra not only for all luggage but also for our carry-ons. We had to pay to reserve any seat except the ones in the middle. We were traveling with a child but they wouldn't let us reserve seats to ensure that one of us could sit with the child without paying. Even a cup of water cost money on the plane. They were out of the most attractive snack. They told me I had to pay for these things because I booked with Expedia, but I don't think that is true. When I needed help with the boarding passes I got a woman I could hardly understand that I talked to for 45 minutes and she still couldn't tell me how to print the boarding passes. I called again and got somebody who told me in about 7 minutes."
"The ticket price was cheap, and \"you get what you pay for\". From New Orleans to Denver I carried a bag on, after checking in the night before, and choosing to have a random seat instead of paying an extra $13 to choose a seat. The plane was standard with standard seats and tray tables. For the return portion of my round trip ticket, it was a nightmare. These folks are after every penny they can rip you off for. 45 minutes before the take off time, they called anyone who had a carry-on up to the desk, and had not paid while checking in. I was charged $60 for a small bag, and when the 40 or so people in the line complained we were told very abrasively, we could pay or stay on the ground. There was 1 employee trying to handle all the people who would need to pay and only when we collectively complained and asked for a supervisor did they bring another person out. That person was extremely rude, and when I asked for her name she refused to give it. The family behind had checked in at the main Frontier counter, had boarding passes printed for them there, and were not charged for bags. They had to cough up $240 at the counter 20 minutes before flight departure to board the plane. I will never fly this ariline again. I think their tactics are very deceptive."
"What was \"tolerable\" travel on Frontier has been reduced to a form of punishment - at every level. The telephone customer service is truly the worst I have encountered - repeatedly. A simple call requires repeating the most basic information many times, only to be put on hold many times, and asked the same questions. The reps have a script that they know how to read, but beyond that, there is no actual problem solving going on. They speak English, but comprehension is lacking. I don't need to check luggage, but I end up paying another $80 for seats and luggage on top of a not so great fare. The inflight experience is another worst in US travel. A broken plastic lawn chair would provide greater comfort than the new rigid, horribly uncomfortable seats that do not recline (unless you pay another $100 round trip (or pay to bundle) for one of the 18 \"stretch\" seats in the first 3 rows. The web site frequently has issues. The flight crew - no complaints, no compliments. They're no different than any other airline, which is to say they tolerate us passengers."
"I used to like Frontier, and I would pick it over higher cost carriers. They had comfortable seats, their staff were pleasant and helpful, and I never had a problem with them. Then I flew them this weekend. It was the worst flying experience I have had. They charge you for everything, your seat, carry on luggage, a coke. We easily spent a couple of hundred dollars over the ticket price, so their \"low cost\" ticket turned out to be pretty expensive. Secondly, the seats are now just a frame with cheap plastic slung across it - it's very uncomfortable, they are packed in there, and you can't even recline. Thirdly, it's poorly run. At the airport, we had to wait in line for a half hour at the ticket counter, even though we had already checked in online and were just dropping off a bag. In short, pick any other airline-it will be cheaper in the end and you'll have a better experience."
"Absolutely horrible. The seats are unbearable. No padding and they do not recline, they squeezed in two extra rows of seats at the cost of customer comfort and the seats are comparable to a city bus. The seat back is less than 2 inches thick of molded plastic covered with 1/4 foam and material. I would have paid double instead of being on that flight."
"Awful. I cannot possibly list everything bad about this airline. Buying tickets is a pain because it is almost impossible to figure out exactly what the trip will cost. Redesigned cabin seats are horrible. Hard plastic with minimal padding. Staff is completely unwilling to help you out. Frontier management believes this model is what customers want. Comfort, pleasant staff and simple amenities are not important. Flying is hard enough. Frontier does everything they can to make it even worse. Avoid."
"The check-in agents were disinterested and gave no sign of life when I bid them a casual \"have a nice day\" and didnt even look at me while checking my bag. Frontier has 2 lines, one for check-in and one for bag drop for online check in passengers. The kiosks were located in the front of the check in line meaning you still have to wait in the check-in line to use those (so much for saving time by skipping the line). I went through the usual security and onward to Houston George Bush Intl Airport Terminal A, nothing special there except the fact that the gate Frontier was to depart from (Gate A25) was horrendously crowded and so I had to resort sitting on the other side of the terminal. Boarding commenced at 3.05pm and I was welcomed onboard by a very enthusiastic and welcoming flight attendent, and went towards the back portion of the aircraft where I was shown to my seat. The seat itself was ok, it was the older dark green-black leather seats with the T Vs and full tray tables, they could recline but barely, but the headrest was pretty comfortable. The usual takeoff proceeded, I wanted to change seats as a gendtlemen talked onward endlessly and was spitting on my arm for over an hour, I went to a flight attendant and asked for a seat change and I was relocated towards the front of the aircraft. I was pleasantly pleased with the enthusiasm of all 3 crews."
"Frontier happened to have a cheaper fare for my Atlanta - Denver flight. I arrived at the airport just over an hour before my flight which was very early in the morning. I had no bags to check and I figured it would be a brief swipe at the kiosk and I'd be on my way. I had no idea that Frontier has a 45 minute cut-off where they refuse to print boarding passes after that time, forcing you to miss your flight. The kiosk refused my information and wouldn't let me check in. I waited in line and watched the 45 minute timeline arrive and pass. By the time I got to the counter they refused to give me my boarding pass and suggested that I book the next flight at 8:10am. Frustrated, I called the airline with the number provided by the staff and was told it would be $100 to move me to the next flight, plus Frontier charges a $40 carry on fee? I'm used to paying $25 for my checked bag with Delta, which is why I made the effort to do only carry-on luggage this trip. I moved back over to the counter where there was no line and asked for my boarding pass. It was 1 hour before the flight. The staff told me the 45 minute window had closed again. Patiently, I told them I had gotten off the phone seconds ago and the woman told me that it was still \"open\" and that they could print my boarding pass. I also alerted them to the actual time. \"Oh\" was the response! Do they have any clue the extent of the inconvenience they cause by simply not using their few active brain cells? They printed my boarding pass - never once mentioning that my original flight had been delayed to 8:45 - thereby saving me $100 and the stress and hassle of dealing with their ineptitude. Their flight attendants are sweet and I have nothing bad to say about them, but the staff that book flights and checks people is a study in illiteracy. I have never been so frustrated with an airline in my life. I've never written a scathing review on anything before now! Sorry Frontier, but you've lost my business. Your nickel-and-dime antics and lack of service will eventually earn you what you deserve."
"Outgoing flight landed and required over an hour to get bags to the carousel. Representatives behind the counter were disinterested and refused to help. Seats were painfully uncomfortable for a 5 hour flight. Return flight paid the extra $50 per ticket for upgraded seats (Padded, reclining, and extra leg room). Got on the plane and found out the seats had extra leg room but were not padded and did not recline, another painful flight. Called for refund and was offered 50% back in vouchers. Will not fly this carrier again."
"I wish I could give zero stars but that's not an option. This is the worst possible air carrier you could fly, pay the extra money and take another carrier. Frontier lost our bag in the midst of our best friends wedding, the staff at Denver were horrible and unhelpful. The phone numbers after 5 pm do not work. If you want your luggage lost and poor customer service, this is the air service you would want to choose. I was on the phone with them for about 4 hrs and they transferred me from person to person with no resolution. At the end of the day we never received our luggage."
"I flew Frontier a few years ago and thought it was a great airline, how things have changed. Outbound - we were about to depart MSP when they started counting and recounting everyone. An hour later they were still counting passengers. Finally told they had a security issue and started checking off everyone's name on the flight. We ended up taking off 2 hours and 15 mins late! On the way return we got to the airport and were told our flight would be 3 hours and 10 mins late. Then told it will be 2 hours 55 mins late, left us waiting in a very small and cramped departure area with no food."
"I would not recommend using this airline. My flight was delayed 6 hours and all I could get was sorry, a $25 food credit, and maybe $100 credit to use for future flight. This airline charged me to checked my bags that have not been refunded and everyone that works for Frontier is acting like it's OK to have people at the airport for more than 6 hours. Cheaper is not always better."
"Forget about choosing your seat during online check-in unless you desire to pay for the privilege. If you elect to not pay, the system chooses for you. Baggage fees: Many so-called low cost airlines now charge baggage fees for carry-on bags, however, it is as if Frontier has a scam to collect extra baggage fees. At no point in the process was it apparent there is a fee for carry-on baggage. I checked-in online and paid checked-bag fees, I did not see anything about fees for carry-on bags. At the check-in desk, the agent said nothing about carry-on bag fees. At the gate I was forced to pay $60 for a small carry-on bag. I was one of at least 6 other passengers who learned this at the gate, all of us were surprised and appalled about the lack of information on this fee. The gate agent told me they aren't req'd to inform passengers about the fee at check-in. He said the cost is $25 if paid online, $40 if paid at the check-in desk, $60 if paid at the gate. If I had known this, I would not have had a carry-on bag. We were 3 passengers with 2 checked bags and 1 small carry-on bag. If we had taken 3 carry-ons, I would have had to pay $180 dollars at the gate. Also, the seats were terrible, and the service reps were cold and uninformative. Last trip with Frontier."
"Frontier Airlines say their seats don't recline, but Row 13 is the only row where the seats do recline on their A319. I was seated on row 14 and as soon as the flight departed Denver (Flt 612 on July 26), the three people in front of me recline their seats and laughed loudly that they paid $50 more for a first class seats. Row 13 is an exit row. It made the overnight flight very uncomfortable for me since my seat did not recline and my knees were firmly pressed up against the seat in front of me for 3.5 hours. During the beverage service, the flights attendant approached each person saying, \"would you like to purchase a cocktail, soft drink, or snack\". I ordered a water and was surprised to hear her serving wine to the person directly behind me. I looked up at her and said excuse me and she just said, \"I'll be right with you\" with a bit of an attitude. I guess if I paid $4 for the water I would have been served before the person behind me. When you add up the flight, extra costs ($3 for a seat selection, $25 for a carry-on bag, $30 for a checked bag, and $4 for a soda or $6.99 for a beer), I really didn't save anything by flying Frontier. I am most surprised that Frontier apparently charges $50 more for Row 13. It seems very unfair the only row that reclines is Row 13 and anyone seated on Row 14 gets a seat back in there face. I gave it a try, but I will not make that mistake again. Frontier may be a discount carrier, but they are not the cheapest once you start adding in all the extras. Buyer beware."
"We flew Frontier for the first time on 6/23/2015. We were very happy to discover an airline that flew into Trenton N.J. close to our family. The flight up was on time and much more convenient than spending seventeen hours driving one thousand miles in a car. Our return flight was scheduled 6am on 6/30/2015, flight 917 from Trenton to Orlando. We started to board on time but were told to return to the terminal due to a mechanical problem. After waiting three hours with little information from Frontier staff we were told our flight was cancelled!Two staff members from Frontier Airlines were at the gate passing out letters stating Frontier airlines would reimburse passengers up to four hundred dollars for another flight and assist with accommodations so passengers could complete their travel. There was no one from Frontier to assist with anything! Due to the fourth of July holiday we were unable to get on another flight for several days. We felt our only option to return home to Florida was to rent a car and drive one thousand miles."
"Terrible customer service, bag fees cost almost as much as the ticket ($198 for a 1 hour flight from Atlanta to Indianapolis. Bags are $70 each way [$40 for carryon and $30 for checked]. That's $140 for bags alone). Flight attendants were rude and the only thing you get for free on this flight is water, cramped seats, and flight delays."
"Flight attendants loudly cackled in the galley throughout the overnight flight preventing my family from sleeping. A drunken woman walked laps up and down the length of the plane because sitting \"ain't good for your circulational system\". Drinks were overpriced, everything costs extra, but the worst were the seats! The plastic framed, foam rubber cushioned, non-reclining seats, with tray tables the size of smart phones were torturous! To top it all off, my daughter's tray table was broken and held in place with duct tape!"
"Single handedly the worst airline I have flown with. First airline I have encountered where you have to go to the International Terminal to check in for a Domestic flight (with no warning or anything in any of the three emails sent prior to the flight). As a result I missed the check in time for baggage, despite arriving at the airport the 1.5 hours prior to the flight that they recommend. Were unable to check me in, and charged $75 to change my flight to the next one, which wasnt for a full 24 hours."
"Second time flying this route and second time the plane was delayed over an hour. I flew a month ago and the plane was delayed three hours. I also flew Trenton to Charlotte this past year and was delayed two to three hours."
"The flight was delayed because of weight issues with the plane. They had taken out the nice seats with the directv entertainment system and put in smaller and narrower seats so they can fit in more passengers. I was also informed by one of the flight attendants that all of their planes are going to have their seats replaced and will no longer offer the directv service."
"Traveled on July 4, 2015 and had a terrible experience. First the check-in rep gave my mother, who was traveling with me (there were 5 of us), the wrong boarding pass. Yes, with all the airport security, etc., and although my mother did hand the rep her Drivers License, the rep gave her someone else's boarding pass. Mother is elderly, so had I not checked her boarding pass, she would have ended up goodness knows where. Secondly, when I arrive in CLT my bag did not arrive with me! No apology, nothing! The rep calls me the next day (July 5th) to tell me the bag had arrived and I should go get it. Of course, it was too late for that being that I was scheduled to return to PHL on Tuesday 7/7. My flight back from CLT to PHL was delayed 2 hours. Yes, the airfare is inexpensive, but the customer service is terrible. I will pay a higher fare next time and get better service."
"It is not cheaper considering there is an extra charge for carry on for each leg of the trip, charge for drinks, not even free peanuts. Delayed out by 2 hrs for maintenance. Delayed again coming home for same reason. People at the desks are rude. Will never fly Frontier again."
"Plane had mechanical issues so the flight was delayed by 5 hours. My four year old wouldn't sleep until 1am. All FA's offered was a meal voucher. I had a special event which I missed, had to re-book ground and air reservations etc. Every time I book this airline there are issues. I have learned my lesson and will pay more for a more reliable carrier."
"I that this is meant to be a budget carrier but there is no excuse for untrained, poor staff who don't understand basic customer service. At check in customers have to pay $30 for their carry-on cabin bag, I was informed that only one personal item was free. On boarding all luggage racks were empty for obvious reasons, welcome onboard announcement failed to advise of normal flight times, weather conditions.. Crew unsure what to say. We experienced turbulence during the flight, Captain failed to put return to seat signs on a number of times. Crew did not manage the cabin or provide any customer service thoughout the flight, no entertainment or wifi in the cabin whatsoever, no complimentary drinks."
"I purchased a book to read on this trip, but could not read it going or coming because the overhead light above my seat did not work. On the trip home, I opted to watch their TV channels, but monitors on my row did not work either. Be sure to select your own seat prior to boarding, if you choose to Fly Frontier Airlines. I was randomly given a seat in front of the exit row by the clerk when I checked in. The seats directly in front of the exit row will not recline backwards, so on a late night 4-hour flight, I had to sleep in an upright position. It was very uncomfortable. You can ask for a cup of Frontier's very fine water on ice and they will give it to you at no additional charge."
"Second delay in 4 days. First delay 4.5 hours. Second delay was going home. One hour and still waiting! Both due to mechanical issues. Bags took 30 minutes to get bags at baggage claim."
"I understood that Frontier was a low cost airline and that many \"extras\" had additional fees associated with them. What I didn't realize was that if you paid the fees, they would not provide the service you paid for. I chose to pay the extra fees for seat selection so that my party could sit together and my children would not have to sit next to a stranger. I booked 8 seats and chose the seats from Frontier's seat selection menu. When we arrived at the airport, the seats had been changed and we were no longer seated as a group. The agent told me there was nothing they could do about it since our seats had already been assigned to someone else. So, we were split up on our flight. I was told that not only could we not sit together, they had no power to refund the seat selection fees that had already been paid. I would have to call and talk with \"Customer Relations.\" I have now made 3 phone calls to customer relations and spent a total of 2.5 hours on the phone. Again I am told that \"customer relations is working on it\". I waited and again, no call back."
"I checked into the airport 5am on the 11th June. I'm a wheelchair passenger. I was told someone would be with me shortly. I sat for almost an hour waiting. Finally a lady told me they were short staffed so I would have to wait so I waited. My flight left for New York at 6.15, I barely made my flight and I was the last one on the plane. My flight on the other hand was ok. Would fly with Frontier Airline as long as I'm not in a wheelchair."
"Frontier is no different from other US based airlines. Same lower quality interiors, comfort, poorer service and lack of respect for economy class passengers. Frontier goes a step forward and uses the following tactics to foster its revenues: 1) Bait and switch schedules. 2) Nickel and dime everything from seat selection, food, beverages, and carry on bags. My family booked a flight back in January for a journey in April. We thought we got a good price and a schedule that fit our needs. Few weeks later we were contacted by our travel agent to inform us that Frontier had canceled the return flight. We were offered the following choices: 1) Go on a flight the following day - Frontier would not compensate for any added expenses. 2) Cancel for no charge and rebook on another airline for an additional $400, because tickets prices had increased in the interim. We were pretty much forced to go with option 1. Also, while doing an online check-in the Frontier system pretty much \"confuses\" you into paying unnecessary fees. We had the foresight to skip that process during seat selection, whereby it automatically assigned us a seat without additional fees. We were not so lucky as it suckered us to pay cabin baggage fees that no one bothered to check at the gates and smarter passengers had avoided. Essentially the system threatens you will be charged more at the gate and that you are better of paying online. I'd take my chances at the gate."
"If you're traveling for business, or travel where you need travel to be on time and reliable don't fly Frontier Airlines. My wife and I made the mistake of booking Frontier Airlines for our honeymoon. We had our flight information changed 3 times. They changed the whole day of travel, causing us to have to reschedule our motel, they changed times on us and then on the week of my wedding when we had enough other things going on they changed our flight times just a few days before we left. I called to ask them about this and they offered no explanation. I can't imagine using them again when I need a reliable flight."
"I compared Frontier with other airlines before purchasing my ticket. I paid $253 for a round-trip ticket from Washington-Dulles to Orland- which included upcharges for a seats $40 ($20 each way) and a checked bag fee of $50 ($25 each way). I checked in and boarded without a problem. The seats are incredibly thin and hard. I was in row 6 and the seats don't recline. There are no TVs in the headrest and no inflight entertainment. I arrived to the airport for the flight back extremely early as the rest of my family was driving back and Frontier only has only one flight departing Orlando at 8:40PM. Around 8, I was texting my parents in DC and they told me they lost power because of a storm. There was no agent at the gate to tell us the status of our flight. At 8:30 there was still no gate agent. Then with no announcement and no gate agent present, the flight went from saying \"on time\" to 11:40PM. People started to get panicky. A little after 9PM finally a gate agent comes up and gets on the loud speaker and says \"Your flight has been cancelled, please see an agent to rebook your flight.\" I went back to check-in and the agents were confused. \"We didn't know the flight was cancelled. We're just finding out like you. You need to call customer service.\" Since there is only one departing flight per day, I knew the rebooking situation would be bleak. So, I decided to get a hotel room rather than spend 24hrs in the airport. It was after 10PM before I checked in. I then spent over an hour on the phone with customer service, who rebooked me on the 8:40PM flight for the following night. But the thought of spending another 10hrs+ in the airport literally brought me to tears. So I booked a one-way ticket on US Airways to DCA. Attempting to save $100, ended up costing me more than $340 - not to mention meals while I was waiting. In the end Frontier credited me $56 to use on a future fare, which I will never use because I'm never flying with them again."
"First time on Frontier, Tampa to Cleveland. Went \"Classic\" which included free bag check-in, assigned seat (in \"Stretch Seating\", aisles 1-4), and Zone 1 boarding. Inbound aircraft was late. The other plane at TPA due for DEN was 3 hours late to properly rest the crew (obviously late the night before inbound). The one good thing were the seats, very comfortable and in dark green leather, with plenty of leg room, at least in the \"Stretch\" area. Cabin service was mediocre, $4.49 for an oversized Rice Crispie treat and a cup of coffee (and the stewardess had forgotten the coffee, granted a mistake, until being reminded, and she was very apologetic about it). Timekeeping is a problem at Frontier, this seems to be a regular thing. Would only fly them non-stop, and have contingency plans at the ready."
"I have never written a review, much less a negative one, before. Frontier used to be a great airline from start to finish. Found out they were bought by Spirit, considered the rock bottom airline. I was careful to pick a good connecting airline considering baggage rates. I was gouged at check in with my large purse fee. Frontier has clearly taken on Spirit's m.o.'s."
"Horrible customer service, horrible planes. I was flying from San Francisco to Orlando with a layover in Denver (at least that's what it said on our itinerary email). We're then told there's actually two stops, one in Denver, one in Chicago. The flight from Denver to Chicago was 2 hours late. Then we sat for an hour on the tarmac. Then we arrive at Chicago and they tell us our flight to Orlando left 3 hours ago - they knew they were sending us to Chicago when the last flight to Orlando had already left. There were no apologies issued at any point, they just kept insisting that it was due to weather. Then of course they did not offer any refund, or partial refund, credits, nothing. The employees \"helping\" us get out of this fiasco were rude. They kept telling us there were no more flights until Wednesday (this was taking place on Monday). Other passengers started just booking flights on other airlines and when most of them had disappeared they actually started helping us. We got a direct flight to Orlando 17 hours later and had to fly back to Denver first. Horrible experience."
"Well to start with it's a bit of a swizz that we have to pay an additional fee for seats to ensure that your family sit together, but whatever. Our flight to Denver (due out at 7.50pm) was cancelled. Option to transfer to another airline flying to Denver? Nope (not unless we pay). Complimentary hotel due to the fact that we are now Stuck in New Orleans overnight? Nope. Complimentary meal tickets? Nope. Flight out in the morning? Nope. Refund? No-one was forthcoming on that so I still don't know if that was an option. Rescheduled on another flight almost 24hrs later, lets hope it's not delayed or cancelled"
"Encountered the worst customer service with Frontier. From the desk agents who stood around for 20 minutes and then claimed we came in late to the customer support, they all were rude and unfriendly and offered absolutely no support to help get us home in time. They lure you in with cheap tickets and then charge ridiculous for everything, and by the time all is said and done, you spend more then you would have to just fly Southwest or something. Will never consider flying with Frontier, and suggest the same to everyone who doesn't want to get a headache from something as simple as flying A to B."
"Frontier has officially landed at the absolute bottom of the airlines. Planes have recently been \"remodelled\" to include hard plastic seats that don't recline and tray tables that are the width of a cup. On our last flight from Las Vegas to Cleveland, we arrived early (big mistake). Ours may have been the only boarding passes printed with the wrong gate. When we finally realized it, the plane was pulling away from the gate. No announcement or email message (but they can bombard me with ads on my email account). Next plane was nine hours later (overnight). And to add insult to injury, charged us a $75 per person change fee. No offer to food or hotel or alternate airline. Just tough luck."
"Sure, you might expect that when booking with an \"ultra low fare\" airline that it will be skimpy. Come on, though. Charging for a carry on? Does the airline actually think people travel with only a purse or briefcase? Of course not. Just add $35 to the price of the ticket. And for coffee? The flight attendant actually told me that one cup pays for the whole pot. That piece of data is not surprising, but the fact that she told me only reinforced my observation that the majority of the staff of Frontier display an embarrassed, apologetic demeanour. I would too. There is just no room for this type of nickel and dime approach in a competitive space. Cheers to Southwest for not going this direction. At some point Frontier will run out of first time fliers to fool with their supposed lower rates. Then, everyone will have made the same decision I have made: never fly them again."
"F9 916 5/31/15 and F9 1287 6/1/15. The seats were uncomfortable my seat woul not recline and it was hard as a rock. The hidden charges made the flight overly expensive added 90 dollars to my trip each way for seat choice and small bag carry-on. The service was terrible and no one around to answer questions at the Chicago airport. I ordered a Chardonnay off the menu and it came in a can with a gorilla face on it marked white wine and it had bubbles in it I took one sip and could not drink the rest it was horrible a waste of $7. None of the attendants or counter people were friendly or helpful. I usually fly Southwest and hope I never have to fly frontier again."
"Always remember that you get what you pay for. This airline lures you with low fares then has lots of add ons. $35 for a carry on #25 for a checked back and also you have to pay to select a seat. Minimal staffing at airport so unable to answer questions. Flight from DEN-LAS delayed 4 hours due to mechanical delay no support from airport staff. Return flight boarded 45 min early with final call 30 min before scheduled departure because they wanted to leave early. Worst turbulence ever on approach into DEN never had with other airlines even in bad weather. Would not recommend. Crew not particularly friendly."
"I took a 5 hour flight from Dulles to Vegas. I wasn't sitting with my boyfriend who I booked the flight with. We were delayed nearly 2 hours. The seats were like sitting on a rock and my seat recline was broken. To watch TV was 5.99 to get a soda was 2.99! On the way home we got to sit together but there weren't any TVs and none of the seats reclined. The flight home boarded a hour early and took off early which those of us who were there appreciated but a lot of people got left behind. I will go back to flying with Delta!"
"Denver to Seattle April 8 2015 flt 137. Seattle to Denver April 12 2015 flt 146. The seats were uncomfortable and leg room was not sufficient. The extra carry on bag fee was $40.00 and cokes were about $3. Terrible experience."
"The only thing that had any value was my seat and I was by the emergency window. I had great leg space but as for the service on the flight. The flight attendant seemed she didn't really care no smile. As for the pricing it was a cheap flight but everything else cost: the drinks (non-alcohol) on the flight and the snacks. The bags I got charged for every bag. I will not fly Frontier just like I have not flown Alaska Airlines."
"Been flying from Orlando to Washington Dulles every week since June their inaugural flight. Never saw such a decline in service. Upgraded seats went. From 25 to 45$. Seats went from a nice leather to a hard smaller seat that does not even recline. Just cram more seats. No leg room. Seven out of ten flights are always delayed. I have three more flights then going back to another airlines. Would rather pay more. Actually everything Frontier charges for it is cheaper to fly elsewhere."
"I am laying on the terminal floor as I type this. I was scheduled to fly to ORD from MCO this evening at 6.45. There were heavy storms in the Midwest so our flight was initially delayed. This happens. However the way this airline handled this delay was nothing short of appalling. The website said the flight would be delayed a little less than an hour. Upon arrival at the gate there is absolutely no info on out flight. Finally after 3 hrs the young woman at the gate tells us that the flight should get to Orlando around 12.15am and that's \"all she knows\". We all wait. Meanwhile the skies are all clear in Chicago and all other flights are starting to get moving. Then at about 11pm we are told that the plane has not yet pushed back in Chicago and is sitting at the gate and now the flight will be around 2:45am. At this point we all start to ask if the flight will be cancelled so we can all make other arrangements and find lodging. The attendant once again says that this is all the info she has. One man asks \"you work for the airline can't you at least call to see if you can find anything out?\" Her response \"no I can't.\" She eventually disappears. Then shortly after midnight a man get on the intercom and informs us (very casually) that the flight is cancelled but \"since it has do to with weather we aren't going to make any accommodations for anyone. If you want we can give you s number that you can call to try and figure this out fit yourselves.\" They preceded to write down the same 800 number from the website on ripped pieces of paper and hand it out to anyone who asked. In defence of the attendants they seemed like they honestly had no idea what was going on and were just as frustrated as many of the passengers. Upon calling the airline I was put on hold for over 45 mins with no response. All in all it was an awful experience and the incompetence of this airline seemingly knows no bounds. I am currently stuck in Orlando with a choice of paying over $700 for a one way domestic flight or renting a car and driving 20hrs to get home because this airline cancelled my flight and offered no solution or assistance whatsoever. I will never fly Frontier again!"
"Even though we enjoyed the convenience of the 5 minutes walk between our parking spot and the check-in counter at Trenton Airport having to pay for any checked luggage and specific seats so my partner and I could seat side by side was vexatious. Flight attendants were very pleasant but the 2-hour wait after disembarking at Hartsfield- Jackson (Atlanta) to get our checked luggage was exasperating."
"Flight was delayed on my way to Naples FL from Cleveland OH. No notification and no staff around. Finally 1 hour later we were told there wasn't staff for our plane. On my way back home my seat was double sold! Tried to offer me another seat but it was away from my daughter whom I was flying with. Staff were difficult just said \"you want to get home don't you\"? Then to top it off my luggage was lost! How does that happen on a non-stop flight?"
"Frontier Airlines is ranked as a 3 star carrier. Really? On a scale of 1 to 5 stars 3 stars means an airline is average. That has not been my experience on Frontier and I think on a whole the airline is substandard. My recent flight round-trip from PDX to DEN was miserable. They charge for baggage-checked and carry on and they even charge for a cup of coffee or soda! The flight attendants are grumpy and not customer service oriented flights are late without any reason or apologies from the ground crew and leg room is non-existent. Better fares abound on Southwest so choose wisely."
"I have been a summit member for over ten years. They have methodically reduced all of the benefits for being a frequent flier until they are now nearly non-existent. The staff on the phone when you can get through are tired and it is easy to see that they very much dislike their jobs. The flight attendants on too many of my recent flights are also grumbling and service is sketchy at best. On a recent flight from Denver going south the attendants did not start the beverage service until we were more than two thirds the way to the destination and did not prepare the cabin for landing until the pilot announced \"Attendants please prepare for landing.\" Speaking with a number of people we have all encountered hang-ups when trying to speak to an agent."
"I flew at the last minute from San Diego to Denver. Frontier had better flight time selections and fares than Southwest (won't make that mistake). It was impossible to check in online as the hyperlinks didn't work. I called their \"customer service\" number and after being on hold for 30+ minutes I gave up. I don't understand their baggage and carry on policies and pricing and quickly realized that any money saved by not flying Southwest would be eaten up by these stupid nit picking fees. I finally prevailed on their horrible website and arrived at the airport to hear that their whole software system was brand-new and everyone was trying to figure it out. Then the flight was delayed with no notice to my email or phone. At the gate they had one poor employee trying to handle all these passengers and get the inbound flight all set up to de-plane. This was a bad experience and I will attempt not to fly them ever again."
"Where to start? Booked over 4 months ago and was not able to sit with spouse. Charged an extra $30 for a carry on have been sitting to go into the hate at Orlando for over 20 mins now. Got asked once is I wanted a drink but 3 times about trash. Never again!"
"Went to Punta Cana from Rockford IL on flight 32 on Feb 27th. Flight was on time and the crew made the experience fun and enjoyable. The stewards were funny and even played \"happy\" when we landed! Now for the flight back to Rockford on March 5th on flight 33 I have to say it was by far my worst experience flying! We not only had a 5.5 hour delay but the pilot mumbled when he addressed the passengers to the point no one had any idea what he was saying. I was in row 9 and it took over 1.5 hours just to get a beverage! They didn't even make it halfway through the plane and had already run out of some snacks soda liquor and of all things ice! We had asked if their were any other seats available because our seats did not recline due to the emergency exit behind us we were informed yes there was but the passenger in the end seat had decided to lay across all the seats and they were not willing to ask this person to sit up! Once we landed we had heard many other passengers say how bad their experience was as well. In my opinion the next time I fly anywhere I will stay far away from flying on Frontier."
"They were incredibly inconsiderate. The first leg of my flight was delayed by weather at the destination airport yet the second leg departed from that airport ahead of schedule. Half of my flight was told that the next available flight was 24 hours later or that we could go to an alternative airport 1.5 hours from the original destination in 12 hours. No meal voucher no hotel no compensation - we all slept on the floor. The desk attendant's consolation was \"Well it's better you don't have a hotel because you would have had to come back very early in the morning regardless.\" Also add the usual complaints about charging more for carry-on luggage but not warning of the charge when purchasing the ticket. The seats were the most uncomfortable I've sat in. I'm 5'10 and 140 pounds and never have a problem yet I was sore after a 2 hour leg. I'd hate to imagine what the larger passengers had to endure."
"New seats do not recline. My friend and I just flew a quick RT CLE-RSW over a four-day span. We paid for seats with extra legroom. What they don't tell you now is that they just \"upgraded\" (their word not mine) their seats for the whole plane and now none of them recline. The FA told me that doing so resulted in them being able to squeeze 9 more seats into the cabin. So - what good is \"extra\" room if it is actually less roomy than previous experience? Very frustrating - I won't be flying Frontier again."
"World Strides trip home from Fort Lauderdale to Dulles International. Flight canceled on 2/21/15 due to weather which is understandable. We were traveling with 32 middle school students and 9 adults. No flight available for 3 days 2/24/15! After a week long event we had students who would need medication before that date (we expressed this to the agent). We had to sleep in the airport that night because there were no hotels available that was not Frontier's fault but having to stay there 2 more nights with 41 people would have been. When discussing flight options with the very nice ticket agent we discovered that not only would we not be able to fly out for 3 days only part of our group could fly out then. Another group would have to fly out on the 4th day and another on the 5th day! This was totally unacceptable. During our lengthy stay in the airport we discovered from other customers (we were camped out right across from the Frontier ticket counter) that almost all customers were delayed the next day (the weather was beautiful) and those who had flown before stated their flights are always delayed (our flight to Orlando was delayed). The lines for check in were crazy long compared to other airlines. People waiting hours to check in. This could have been a marketing dream for Frontier. Imagine the story of helping out a group of stranded middle school students because Frontier cares. Instead they left us stranded for up to 5 days. No refund. No credit. Now 32 parents will never fly Frontier. 9 chaperones will never fly Frontier. For a price gouging company that advertises low prices then charges not only for checked baggage but for carry on bags and charges for water and sodas and basic channel TV I would think Frontier would at least want to retain the customer base they have. I for one will never use Frontier again. The flight attendants and ticket agents are super. The business model is horrendous. They should be ashamed."
"World Strides trip home from Fort Lauderdale to Dulles International. Flight canceled on 2/21/15 due to weather which is understandable. We were traveling with 32 middle school students and 9 adults. No flight available for 3 days 2/24/15! After a week long event we had students who would need medication before that date (we expressed this to the agent). We had to sleep in the airport that night because there were no hotels available that was not Frontier's fault but having to stay there 2 more nights with 41 people would have been. When discussing flight options with the very nice ticket agent we discovered that not only would we not be able to fly out for 3 days only part of our group could fly out then. Another group would have to fly out on the 4th day and another on the 5th day! This was totally unacceptable. During our lengthy stay in the airport we discovered from other customers (we were camped out right across from the Frontier ticket counter) that almost all customers were delayed the next day (the weather was beautiful) and those who had flown before stated their flights are always delayed (our flight to Orlando was delayed). The lines for check in were crazy long compared to other airlines. People waiting hours to check in. This could have been a marketing dream for Frontier. Imagine the story of helping out a group of stranded middle school students because Frontier cares. Instead they left us stranded for up to 5 days. No refund. No credit. Now 32 parents will never fly Frontier. 9 chaperones will never fly Frontier. For a price gouging company that advertises low prices then charges not only for checked baggage but for carry on bags and charges for water and sodas and basic channel TV I would think Frontier would at least want to retain the customer base they have. I for one will never use Frontier again. The flight attendants and ticket agents are super. The business model is horrendous. They should be ashamed."
"Our first flight was great but it was only 45 minutes. We sat in the \"extra leg room\" seating but it was just normal seating… or so I thought. Our connecting flight had us in the very back row. There there is no leg room whatsoever and your knees are directly against the seat in front of you. They do not offer complimentary snacks or drinks but you can pay for half a can of soda for 2.99. The flight attendant was very rude and patronizing. Not only this but our seats were moved from the front all the way to the back without notification to my family. I do not recommend Frontier to anyone. Pay the extra and take United."
"Frontier Airlines. Beware: limited flights schedule changes = stranded for 2 days. Frontier delayed our flight by 5 hours due to \"equipment changes\". Naturally I missed my connecting flight to my destination. Frontier graciously offered to book me onto the next connecting flight - 2 days later. The delay was not because of full flights. It was not due to bad weather. They simply had no scheduled flights for 2 days (48 hours). Frontier provided no offer to book on another airline no offer to refund my ticket except for the single connecting leg no offer to compensate for costs on another airline. No voucher no flight credit. I contacted customer service 3 times. I received 5 hours to sleep in a run-down hotel a half hour from the airport and $15 for an airport dinner. Several weeks earlier I had to book a one way return on United because Frontier changed my return to a 16 hour itinerary with a 9 hour layover. Then I had to book a third ticket just to get out of the airport on my outbound - United to the rescue again. Fly Frontier but be prepared to suddenly spend a couple-few days in your layover airport or city. Or be prepared to buy a last minute fare to get to where you were going. Frontier: Discover a whole new way to fly like driving which is faster."
"I have only flown this airline once (RT) and will never fly them again. Both times the flight was delayed once by 1/2 hour and once by 2.5 hours. They actually had the nerve to post 'on time' on the electronic board along with the rescheduled departure time. When I questioned the 'on time' the customer service agent said they hadn't yet updated the sign. Um then why does it say 11.30 instead of 9.35? Unfortunately it wasn't until I made my reservation that I noticed a review (1/2 stars) that they are consistently delayed. If you are needing to get somewhere especially if you have a connection I strongly advise you avoid Frontier and if you must pay a little extra for an airline that cares about their customers getting to where they want to go relatively on time."
"We were supposed to leave Orlando at 9.30am. I checked the website before we left for the airport and it showed a 30 minute delay. By the time we got to the airport it had been pushed back twice more totalling a 1.5 hour delay. I looked at the screens inside the airport to see where the flight stood before we checked our bags. It showed our flight was on time. We went to the ticket counter to check our bags and there was no mention of a delay. We went through security and made our way to our gate. Still no mention of a delay. At the gate our flight didn't show up but instead they had a flight leaving an hour after our scheduled departure. I made my way to the counter and it was the first time Frontier acknowledged there was a delay. After being told nothing I had to keep checking the website for updates. The flight was pushed to 12.00 then to 3.30 then to 6.30 and eventually to 7.30. I did over hear a couple walking away from the counter saying Frontier was flying a part from Denver to Cleveland hoping that would fix the problem. They couldn't arrange for a plane to take us to Cleveland we had to wait for that same plane. The poor folks in Cleveland were in the same boat we were in Orlando. We rebooked on another airline and I lost track of when if ever our original flight left. Last I heard it was delayed 10 hours and counting. They never updated us as we sat waiting and you had to wait an hour plus on the phone to cancel your seat to be eligible for reimbursement. The reimbursement was meagre to say the least. It only covered a fraction of what I paid to fly home."
"I am a business traveler with over one million lifetime miles spread over several airlines. I am a Frontier Summit member and have had that status over the last several years. In the early days I found the airline to be of good quality. Under the new management Frontier has plummeted in my estimation under this guise of \"low cost\". First it is not low cost when the \"nickel and dime\" charges are added in. The under-staffing at my home airport (DIA) and the various regional airports is quite apparent. If one talks to staff or flight attendants the low morale becomes apparent. Needless to say I have a few award miles to spend and then it is adiós to Frontier. What a shame that an airline that was of reasonable quality has been driven down by these new owners."
"This was my first experience with Frontier. Even though I saw bad reviews I gave them the benefit of the doubt and tried it out. I booked online through Orbitz and my reservations never made it into the Frontier online system. I could not access my info so I had to use their 800 number for dealings. I paid $40 to upgrade my seat selection and another $20 for my checked bag at check-in. The only part of their online system that worked was online check-in but I had to try twice before it actually worked. At my departure I waited 45 minutes to drop my bag. The customer service was unorganized and rude. Why check and pay ahead of time if I still have to stand in the same line as those who haven't? At the departure gate it got worse. The screen displayed the flight information and they announced boarding so I naturally proceeded to the line. I was zone 1 and when the agent scanned my boarding pass he abruptly informed me that this was not my flight. It was in fact a delayed flight that was supposed to already be in the air. The screen continued to show my flight info and half the people in line were misinformed about where the plane was actually going. We were told that our plane was at the airport and would arrive at the gate once this plane had left. Meanwhile our captain co-pilot and flight attendants were also sitting in the waiting area and had no clue where the plane was. They were laughing and joking (rather loudly) about the delayed status and disorganization of the airline. Everything was very unprofessional. An hour after our scheduled departure we finally took off. I still have to take my returning flight so I hope they will redeem themselves. I will never ever book a flight with Frontier again!"
"Horrible customer service and lack of empathy for guests flying with them. Flight was scheduled to leave at 12.40 to Georgia and was delayed until 1.11 pm. Around that boarding time the announcer made another call to let everyone know that the flight would further be delayed until around 4.30 pm due to the incoming aircraft having a cracked windshield. If they were aware of the situation beforehand why lie to the entire crowd of people waiting and expecting the initial delayed flight to depart at 1.11. To further add insult Frontier never offered any service recovery discounts fee waiver etc. Their guest service and accommodations are terrible. Many people were complaining to the staff that they were on a tight schedule for weddings birthdays etc and Frontier Airlines did nothing to help myself or those guests. Never again will I be flying with this airline."
"Flight 133 Dec 2 Dallas DFW-Denver DEN. Flight 657 Dec 2 Denver DEN-San Francisco SFO. Very unimpressed. They charge for carry-on bags which is bad enough but they actually charge more for carry-ons than checked bags. The employees I encountered were very unfriendly and unhelpful. And lastly they charge for everything but water. Bad experience overall."
"After arriving at Dulles it took well over an hour to get luggage off loaded from the plane. When we finally found someone who worked for Frontier they advised that baggage is contracted out at Dulles. We were told that there were only 2 people working baggage as they had \"a bunch of people call in sick.\" They waited for 3 planes to land and unloaded all 3 planes before sending bags to the carousels. It took so long that the hotel shuttle left and I had to pay for a cab. Return flight after a 20+ hour international flight I was told I could not check my luggage through on my final leg until 2 hours before the flight. Family connecting with Delta and Southwest checked their bags immediately. I had to sit in the airport lobby for 5 hours before I could check my 1 bag. I will try to avoid flying Frontier in the future!"
"I am a frequent business traveler and I will never fly Frontier again. Having to pay for carry on luggage is ridiculous. If they are trying to reduce the number of carry-ons then they should just allow 1 free checked bag. But that wasn't the most frustrating thing. Even though I checked a bag on line and had my printed receipt I had to re-check the bag at least he kiosk at Denver because I was told that was the only way they could print my baggage tag. If that's true then I'm going to fly an airline with the capability of printing their own baggage tags from this point on!"
"I am a frequent traveler. I booked round trip tickets for two. The first flight was to leave at 6.05 am. We loaded on time but sat on the runway for 2 hours while the computers \"rebooted\". This delay of course caused us to miss our connection flight in Denver. Causing us to miss much of the first day activities. On our return flight we made it out of LAX on time on arrival in Denver it appears that our connection flight was on time. 30 min after we landed our flight was delayed for 5+ hours. No explanation was given to us. They did give us $15 food coupons 45 min before all restaurants closed \"after we had already paid for our meals\". Every gate in the Terminal had an unused plane sitting at it. Not any cheaper \" when you count baggage fees\" than any other carrier and I have never had so much trouble keeping a schedule. There was no weather in any part of the country by the way. We haven't made it on the delayed flight yet. Entirely possible that we didn't make the 3am flight either. Avoid at all cost."
"This was my first time flying Frontier and perhaps my last. My main complaint was assistance for customers with reduced mobility. I am a stroke survivor and was forced to walk up stairs because there was no ramp. The crew offered no help. Also you could board the plane from either the back or front. It was confusing because people bump into each other trying to store their luggage."
"My reservation was lost although they billed my card twice and I had to pay the higher last minute fare. Both flights delayed. They lost my luggage and it was not found for 3 days. There is no on site help desk for lost luggage just a phone number (not toll free) which no one answers after leaving a handful of messages. After returning to the airport the next day I was told to call the complaint number - it is only open for 3 hours a day and a recording told me there was an hour wait. Fly an airline that is customer centric if you don't want to get surprised like I did."
"Frontier should be ashamed of their lack of customer assistance at Chicago ORD on October 31 2014. The customers were completely aware of the fact that all airlines were not able to land or take off due to heavy winds. That was not the problem. We were frustrated by the fact that nobody showed up at the Frontier gate until 7.30 pm and our flight that was originally scheduled for 4.10 was changed 3 times before a Frontier staff member made an appearance at the gate. On my return flight on November 4 we were expecting to board at 7:10 as stated on the boarding pass but there was no gate agent available again. Then every passenger who had paid to bring carry on luggage was asked to fit their bag into the measurement apparatus at the gate - the delay was ridiculous."
"Arrived two hours early for a flight from O'Hare to Dulles. We had pre-printed our boarding passes and paid for our additional checked luggage. We simply need to check the luggage at the counter. Our party of five - along with several others were redirected out of the line to some type of \"domestic\" holding area as they attended to an international flight. About a half hour into our wait the redirection stopped. However those of us in the holding area were left to stand there for another half an hour without further direction. There must have been twenty travelers that arrived well after we did that found their way in front of us in a very long line. My son- in-law took matters into his own hands as it was obvious that the Frontier service reps had no intention of returning for us. Had it not been for his negotiating with the people in line we all might still be sitting there. Upon arrival at our destination we sat at the gate for a half an hour before de-boarding. Despite this wait we waited an additional 40 minutes for luggage to begin flowing at the baggage claim. I am a well seasoned traveler for both business and pleasure. This was my first experience with this airline and it will certainly be my last. I would never fly this airline again!"
"Unpleasant staff; unwilling to assist in any way expensive baggage fees including carry-on old planes with broken seats extra charge for a soft drink and the list goes on. The price of the ticket was not any cheaper than any other airline but the service and lack of customer care made it a very negative experience across the board. Especially for a handicap passenger or anyone with special needs it is a bad choice to fly Frontier!"
"My daughter has flown Frontier Airlines from Seattle to Denver to Bismarck and back on several occasions so I should have known better. Her flights were almost always late and there were several times they were late enough for her to miss her connections to Seattle or to Bismarck. Still the cheaper fare wooed me. Well after leaving 45 minutes late on my flight to Denver and 3 hours late from Denver I am no longer interested in the savings. Goodbye Frontier."
"Charlotte NC (CLT) to Washington Dulles DC (IAD). Sep 19 2014 - Sep 21 2014. Beware: Extra fees. You will have to pay for you carry on going to the city you are traveling to and on the way back $25-35. Staff are extremely unprofessional and I do not recommend this airline to anyone."
"I arrived with my family to fly to Atlanta GA. We arrived with more than enough time to check our baggage and make the scheduled flight. There were two representatives when we arrived one representative just closed his site and walked away leaving only one person to service the remaining passengers. The lady left alone was very slow helping one customer which lead to the remaining passengers being left without enough time to process their baggage. When we got to the desk she informed us that it was too late and she would have to reschedule our flight. We tried to explain that we have been waiting in line for at least 20 minutes and there was more than enough time if they were properly staffed. She just apologized and rescheduled our flight for an all night red eye flight that will leave us short on time if not late for the graduation we planned to attend. She also charged us $75 each totalling $225. This was my first attempt to use Frontier Airlines as of now I will never use this airline again. I now see why they are rated number two in airlines with the most complaints."
"There will be additional fees. You will have to pay for your baggage (both checked and carry-on). Your seat will not be guaranteed unless you pay a minimum of $8 to select your seat. Frontier has a strategy of overbooking presumably to ensure full flights. Every day groups of these extra passengers are forced into later flights. \"Check-in is 45 minutes prior to departure\" means that you will be charged $75 and forced into the next flight if you do not check-in 45 minutes prior to departure. Frontier is the only airline that pulls their employees from the check-in counter and shuts down their check-in computers 45 minutes before departure to ensure that you will not be allowed in if you arrive late. I was running late to my flight this morning and called Frontier's 1-800 number at the suggestion of the friendly JetBlue check-in folks as Frontier's counter had recently been abandoned. I manoeuvred my way through the expected automated system and finally reached a woman who handled my situation with the patience and understanding of a grizzly woken from hibernation. I was interrupted and rudely instructed to be quiet and listen to the rules before rebooking my flight. By the way this airline treats its passengers I should not have expected their employees to be any happier. Frontier employs bait-and-switch policies to maintain the \"cheap ticket\" reputation. In reality Frontier's customers are not presented with an honest estimate of the cost of their travel at checkout. My conclusion is that the service one receives from other airlines is well worth the additional 20% in initial ticket costs. You will end up paying that much more to Frontier anyway."
"Another Frontier flight where the TV's don't work. On the way out from Denver today no TV and on the way back from Los Angeles tonight the same problem. Planes are as dirty as I have ever seen them. What happened to my favorite short run airline. I'm a Summit member who can't believe how quickly things have gone bad. Date of flight 9/6/14."
"We will not fly Frontier again. My husband and I bought our tickets through cheaptickets.com and picked Frontier because it had a non-stop flight to our destination and because they had the cheapest fare by about $20 a ticket. We were only going to be gone a short time so we both packed a carry-on so we could avoid paying to check a bag. When we checked in for our flight we found out that we would have to pay $35 for each carry-on! We thought Frontier was ridiculous to charge so much (if at all) for carry-ons when no other airline we've flown with charge for that. Also Frontier charges almost $2.00 for a can of soda or juice. You only get one free cup of water after that the price goes up to the same as for a soda. Frontier lures it's customers into buying airfare by offering tickets that seem to be the lowest priced but then rob you with all the hidden fees. Frontier also has its flight attendants pitch a credit card offer to the passengers during the flight. I know that it is their job to do so but I found it extremely annoying. Although the flight attendants were friendly it does not make up for the feeling of being robbed. I will give Frontier a point for the flight attendants being friendly and a point for it being a non-stop flight."
"We flew Frontier for the first and last time this weekend. We purchased our tickets online with the assumption we could carry on our bags for the weekend. We were charged $60 each way. This was not disclosed when we purchased our tickets through Expedia. We were not able to sit together as the selection online required more payment to select our seats to \"upgrade\" in which we were not even upgrading we just wanted to choose our seats. They now even charge for a pop. We fly 1-3 times per year. Just charge what you want up front (offer discounts for those who have no luggage which would probably be one in thousands) so people know what the total bill will be. It is very deceitful and unfair practice to get more money when it's advertised as the lowest fare etc."
"Frontier seems to be doing their very best to consistently frustrate and anger the people who fly with them. My first experience I was stuck in Denver for 18 hours due to cancellations and delayed flights. Then when I requested another flight staff did absolutely nothing to help me switch my flight book a different flight or even refund my original ticket. They had me on the next available flight at 9.30 am the next morning (which would have been a 29 hour layover). I ended up just booking another ticket with another airline to fly to out. I understand weather causes delays but at least work with the travelers to accommodate them on different flights/airlines or give them hotel/food vouchers to help. It was ridiculous. The next experience (and hopefully the last) I had to fly on a different date than the date on my ticket. They tried to charge $450 dollars to change the date by two days even though I had just purchased the ticket a few hours earlier that day. They refused to refund the ticket (it would be issued as \"credit\" for a different ticket) and wanted to charge me an additional $75 dollars to cancel the ticket. The airline employers are extremely rude. The line was long the travelers were getting frustrated while the only two workers did everything in their power to take as long as they possibly could. They denied military checked bags (even though I had travel orders) because I had 3 of them and the girl was too lazy to tag them. I demanded to speak to a supervisor and was able to get them all checked for free. Will do everything in my power to not fly with this airline again. Even if I have to pay 50 bucks more for United it still comes out even since I don't have to pay $35 to bring a carryon."
"I have been flying Frontier Airlines for years. Not anymore. Both flights had broken down planes. My flight out of Milwaukee had a flat tyre. There was only 1 maintenance person on duty. They had to call another in to help fix the tyre. Our flight to Denver was delayed 2.5 hours. Of course our connecting flight was gone once we landed in Denver and there were no other flights available. Frontier shuttled everyone to a hotel for the night. On the way back home my flight from Denver to Milwaukee also had a broken plane. Flight delayed by 2 hours because we had to wait for a plane from Los Angeles. I have flown almost every US airline and this is the worst."
"What you get on Frontier Airlines is one glass of water free. Everything else costs something and all those something's are so under par that the whole Frontier Experience becomes a terrible experience and a costly one. You really don't get a carry on unless it's as big as an old computer case. Customer service will split up families and try to seat two year olds from their mother and they don't follow through with handicap assistance. I found the whole Frontier Experience not one to do again. I advise you to get a credit card with baggage allowances and fly those airlines. They are better and cheaper. I forgot about my credit cards but I won't forget again."
"Flight Cleveland Hopkins to Fort Lauderdale. Flight was delayed already when we got there because of domino effect of previous flights. It was delayed even more when previous delayed flight to Atlanta had a bad tyre which delayed theirs and our flight by one hour. Total delay time for our flight more than 2.5 hours. A lot of people are leaving negative reviews because they never read the small print. Use your common sense a $30 flight is not going to include baggage fees. Plane was airbus A320 featuring fin the tiger shark. Seats were very uncomfortable and needed new cushions. No IFE. Crew was friendly and we received free drinks for late time. I expected this from a cheap airline so that's why the review is not too negative."
"Each time if you are in the front three rows the crew restrict usage of the overhead in preference to the people not already boarded. This usually means that we end up putting their bag further down the plane and the first three bins usually end up not full and people boarding further back of the plane end up using the bins. It is illogical and rude to the passengers already boarded. Now we have to wait to go down the plane to get our bags. It makes now sense. Frontier you have lost me with your ridiculous policy."
"I fly Frontier only when I have to that is when there are virtually no other choices. I don't mind some product differentiation in which they charge extra for \"extras\" but it is completely ridiculous that they intentionally won't allow people traveling together to sit together without paying an extra fee. Also charging for carry-on bags is very annoying but I can live with it. The Frontier company attitude appears to be one of \"screw the customer\" and as one who works with customers all the time this attitude really bothers me."
"I took this flight this AM 7/19 with my family Atlanta to Denver. Departure 8.47 on time. Good. Flight was safe landing was nice. All good. Cannot complain. The main reasons I log this review is because if you are flying on a budget (which you likely are on Frontier) then beware of the surly attendants the lack of snacks coffee and beverages available on a 3 + hr flight. This was a 8.47am flight no coffee no individual snacks for purchase one box snack available for purchase and some sodas/juices. I don't look forward to airline \"snacks\" but when you fly with kids creature comforts are welcome at times. Very strange airline. Very strange flight. Not worth the $1400."
"We flew Frontier from Trenton to Tampa because the flight appeared to be the least expensive and because of the convenience of Trenton Airport. It was a mistake that we will never make again! No free luggage at all - the first piece checked in costs $25. If you have a carry it costs even more - $35. When we factor in $8 a day for parking at Trenton Airport we ended paying more than what we would have flying other airlines. The flight was delayed both ways. The fight from Trenton was over an hour late and it was just seem as par for the course. No apologies whatsoever. We're waiting for the flight from Tampa and it is delayed as well. The service is awful - you'll get a cup of water for free. That's it. It is just not worth it."
"I was on a flight with Frontier that was delayed 7 hours. There was no contact from the airline to me (phone text or email) alerting me of the delay. When I arrived to the airport I was informed that I could not check my bag but still had to pay the $25 checked bag fee. I then had to dump all of my liquids from my bag so it could go through security. We were then delayed another 90 minutes while sitting on the plane at the gate at which point flight attendants informed us we could pay for beverages snacks or TV if we would like. The pilots were the only friendly and apologetic staff associated with Frontier. I would not recommend Frontier to anyone. The flights may be cheap but you pay for your seat bags and everything else later. Additionally if you do have a complaint you cannot get anyone to assist you."
"Flying to Denver from Seattle and back Frontier failed to get me on either flight. In Seattle the check-in desk was empty at 6pm Saturday with a sign that it would reopen 10 hours later at 4am. The automated machines were not giving boarding passes and I along with other passengers were stranded unable to reach our flight. On the return trip in Denver recent changes in timing cost me my flight. At the start the desk representative wasn't aware that my boarding pass could be printed for me after I'd checked in online. Unlike all other airlines the doors are closed early and baggage handling is closed early in Denver so I forfeited my pre-paid $20 baggage fee to try and make it to the airport. Luckily for me my bag was small enough to be carried on. Arriving at the gate I was told the doors had already closed and myself (plus some others who arrived after me) were told to go to customer service. It seems a policy change at Denver has Frontier closing their doors earlier than any other airline meaning I had no realistic time to reach the gate. Arriving at the customer service desk after being turned away from my plane I was told they would charge me $75 to be put on standby for a full flight 3 hours later. The staff were unsmiling unsympathetic and unapologetic. I'm now sitting through my first wait at the airport on standby for the next flight. I'm told my odds are not good and I'll probably be spending all day waiting for a flight home. I will not fly Frontier again."
"Denver to SFO July 2nd. This is an inferior airline due to its policies and poor customer service. It is a myth that it costs less when you are done with their nickle and diming. The flight crews are fine it is everything leading up to it. The extra charges are over the top. The only thing that does not cost is a glass of water and using the toilet but I would not be surprised if this will change. I witnessed a young woman traveling with a baby who had paid for a checked bag. When she decided should needed to carry it on she offered to pay the difference and was told there was no way to refund and she would have to pay full carry-on fees or she could not board. Robbery by any other name. Any company that gouges the customer to stay in business needs to close its doors. Buyer beware."
"Flight 369 from Newport News to Denver. My girlfriend and I checked in at our house and did not have access to a printer to print our passes leaving us with the only option of arriving early to have them printed by a Frontier representative. Confident that we were on time (over an hour early for boarding at this small airport) we stood in line behind a handful of people and two sometimes one representative. The line crept. Two or three people had been assisted in front of us and all the sudden the Frontier representatives walk away behind closed doors for over five minutes. Upon their return all of the paid in full checked in online customers were told in a rude manor that we were all not getting on the plane and to call a 1-800 number for further assistance. We were told it was our fault and there was no other option. The boarding gate could practically be seen from the check in counter there was still 50 minutes to board and all that was standing in our way was a piece of paper to let us through. The clock was ticking while we were about ready to give up. With only a few minutes to spare a woman showed up and took some names and returned with boarding passes. We boarded our flight with a foul taste in our mouths from the unprofessional attitude received from the Frontier representative at Newport News airport. Check- in was \"closed\" but we were all checked in and just needed a pass printed. Why was someone else able to help us? Airlines are a customer service industry and if you lack the most basic skills to satisfy those that support you there will most definitely be a problem for you in the future. A couple of boarding pass kiosks would have eliminated this whole headache."
"Spokane to Denver 18 June. Stormy weather in Denver prevented our flight from landing 3 times so we flew to Colorado Springs to refuel. We had to stay on the plane and only 1 of the 3 lavatories was operational - there was a line of about 30 people waiting to use it. An hour later I was close to the lav and had to sit down again for take-off. We got to Denver 2.5 hours late and my connecting flight to Little Rock had already left. After standing in a long line I found out their next flight to Little Rock wasn't for 2 days. They gave me a ticket to Branson Mo for the next day and I slept on the airport floor. In the morning I exchanged the Branson ticket for a Little Rock ticket for Friday since I didn't have transportation from Branson to Little Rock and got a hotel room for Thursday night. I left Denver Friday evening and got into Little Rock just before 11 pm. My luggage was not there. It had not been in Denver the 2 days I was there. The agent there couldn't get ahold of any of the other airports either. I called the baggage dept at Spokane and twice said they'd call back and haven't. I will not use this airline again."
"First time flying Frontier instead of Southwest and was very disappointed! Not only do they charge you for checking a bag but also for any carry-on and they charge you to sit with your party. The check in process is inefficient and slow the staff are not nice. Once on the flight there is a charge for any beverages and snacks but water is free! They then try and convince you to sign up for their credit card wit their on-board \"deal\" and awkwardly try and explain why it is a good idea. Will definitely be paying a little more to fly Southwest!"
"DTW-TTN-DTW. Outbound flight was delayed by weather 4+ hours. Not Frontier's fault but once onboard we were charged $1.99 for lukewarm coffee: is it expecting too much to get freebies after such a long delay? Apparently so. But my main gripe is their carry-on policy. It appears based on our experience both ways that after a certain number of passengers have boarded they simply assume the overheads are full and require people to pay extra to check their carry-ons. This happened to us and when we stopped arguing and got on board the overheads were nowhere near full. That's a $50 hit each way."
"What was once a decent airline is now beyond a nightmare. The new baggage policies are ridiculous. They are taking no frills to new limits and despite the few bucks you save on the ticket price you will end up paying more than competitors in the long run after $2 water charge $50 carry on charge (for the first carry on) and have a poor experience. Customer service if you can even get it is awful. On the phone from a gate agent etc. this airline is almost primitive now. Very disappointing. I will never choose to fly with Frontier again. The one upside is that the flight attendants were courteous and professional."
"May 31st 2014 from Denver to Orlando flight 678 return June 6 2014 flight 677. We booked our trip through our travel agent months before these new carry on charges went into effect. We were told we would not have to pay the extra fees. As we arrived at Denver airport and proceeded to the Frontier check in counter we were told we had to pay for our carry ons all of which could fit under the seats we explained what we were told and the check-in guy looked up our booking date and all was fine not the case at the Orlando airport on the way home. We asked for our check in bag back and since we still had 7 lbs allowed in that bag before they added another $75 we started to unpack bags and re-pack so as not to give them one dime more. Needless to say after all the rearranging which was totally unnecessary we were allowed to take our carry on bags as personal items. As I said before we did not have to use the carry on overhead compartments all the bags were so small they fit under the seats with no problem at all. After arriving at the gate we heard several stories like ours. There were so many upset people saying they will never fly Frontier again. It's not just about the money but it's about how you are treated."
"Flt 232 from Denver to Nashville 06/04. The ticket was not much cheaper than on Southwest. My computer travel system booked it because it was cheaper but it did not figure in the extra $20 for a checked bag and $30 for the carry on bag. Then they charged for a drink and snack! Charged for watching TV yes you have to use your own phone ipad or laptop but it is free. Plus if you want to select you seat in advance it is from $8 to $15 extra. This will be the last time I fly on Frontier."
"Arrived at airport 2.5 hours before flight. No one was at the ticket counter despite a line of about 50 people. Shorter line of about 12 at Kiosk but they were having trouble so the line was slow. After finally getting to the kiosk had trouble getting it to work. (Like the others before me.) When it finally did start working I started pressing the continues until I realised that I had just input that I had no carry on. No way to back up so I printed the ticket and got in the line waiting for the ticket counter. After I finally got through all this I got to the gate just in time to board. Never again."
"Booked a cruise for the family in Alaska and we were hoping to fly Frontier from ATL to AK but when we got to the airport the airline said flight was delayed for 3 hours. Not a big deal but since we were connected through Denver we would miss our connecting flight. Also happens before not a big deal. The big deal was we would have to lay over in Denver for 2 days. We ended up being able to book a flight on Delta for twice as much and now the nightmare of trying to find out how to get linked up with our ship. Airline was very rude dismissive and well trained in saying sorry. Which is appropriate since this airline is very very sorry all around. Great to book if you don't care much about getting to your destination. Also don't be fooled by the prices. They charge you for both your checked and carry on luggage. They are a complete waste of time and money."
"They cancelled our flight from Orlando to Wilmington at the last minute saying the plane did not ever leave Denver. They said maybe they could get us on a flight in 3 days! They would not help even help us find another airline to fly. They just gave us a business card with a 1-800-432-1359 number on it. This had a 67 minute wait time. We had to pay top dollar at US Air to get to a city close to Wilmington."
"Hands down worst customer service of any airline/company. I first attempted to call their customer service line to resolve my problem and everytime I called there was a 45+ minute wait so I emailed instead. Keep in mind it takes them 3-4 days to respond to emails (which I find unacceptable) so I tried to work it out with them for a few weeks. Following my initial complaint the customer service rep went in and deleted all my airline miles I had accumulated seeing as how my initial contact with them was resolving and issue on using them. Second they didn't even bother to tell me they deleted the miles they tried to play me for being ignorant and said I had no miles. Three weeks of battling with them they have restored part of my points and refuse to assist with my initial issue of using the points. Absolutely worst customer service ever!"
"We will not fly with Frontier again. After having paid for tickets for our trip to Costa Rica months in advance we were informed at the gate that our flight was delayed but the check in agent said that we should still be able to make our connecting flight through Denver. So we check our bags ($50 for 2) and go through security. Upon arrival at the gate we were told that we would arrive in Denver at 11:55 p.m. which was the departure time for our connecting flight to Costa Rica. We asked if they would be able to hold the plan for 10 minutes so that we and the 3-4 other passengers who were in the same situation could make the flight. The gate agent said that she had called the staff in Denver and they refused to hold the flight as it would further increase delays. Frustrated we asked to be put on the next flight hoping we could leave the following day at the latest but she told us that the next flight with available seats was in 6 days. We asked to speak to her manager who essentially said that out options were to wait six days or that she could (reluctantly) refund us for the cost of our original flight and book a new flight through a different airline. We had to research flights on our own as they had no intentions of helping us secure seats on a new flight. We ended up paying an additional $400 to book last minute tickets on American Airlines waiting for her to process our refund and get our mailing address to send our checked baggage fee back to us via mail and then rushing to the next terminal to go through security again and catch our flight. Ultimately we paid more than we would have if we'd just booked through American months ago. Plus the lack of customer service or care regarding out situation was infuriating. We are waiting for our flight to Costa Rica as I type this and just praying that they successfully rerouted our bags. Overall a terrible first experience with this airline and we didn't even make it on the plane."
"I chose to fly with Frontier because of their low prices. I was not aware that this meant I was sacrificing any type of customer service. I booked a flight from CVG I had not received the online check in email and was not at a place where I had access to a printer so thought it would be easy enough to check in at the counter. This was incorrect there was no kiosk and the line was quite long with several people ahead of me checking bags. Although it was not mentioned in any of my emails Frontier seems to have a strict policy that they will not check you in if your flight is 45 mins or less to boarding. Although we were all in line within this time frame due to the slow movement several of us were not at the counter 45 minutes before our flight. This was handled by one lady looking up at us and saying \"no they are cut off\" and no more. We were all very confused and asked what was going on we needed to check in and she ignored us. There were 3 people at the counter and four in line but they would not respond to us at all just completely ignored us and would not explain what was going on until a fourth attendant came up and asked how she could help. This is a frustrating experience no matter what but to just be ignored like that was one of the rudest ways these staff members could have handled it. I do not plan to continue to fly with Frontier even if does save me a few dollars because people should not be treated that way."
"SEA to OKC round trip 4/10/2014 coming home on 4/14. I made sure I checked all their rules checked one golf bag online saved 5 dollars each way. Plane was not as clean as would like. Just an uneventful trip with no snags. the Denver to SEA connection was very close time wise. If you do your homework and plan you can save money flying with them. I would fly them again."
"My wife and I flew from SEATAC to Midway near Chicago with a stop in Denver. This was round-trip so there were four flights in all. Not one flight left on time. You would think the law of probably would ensure that at least one flight would be on schedule but that was not so. We flew classic plus so we had one free checked bag one free carry-on and a free drink during the flight. I feel sorry for those that had to pay for those things. When did we have to start paying extra for customer service? Since you have to pay extra for everything everybody tries to make all their luggage carry-on. This slowed down the boarding process and only made the whole experience worse. Everything but the seat you were sitting in was extra and it seems that if federal guidelines would allow them to pack more people onto a plane by doing away with the seats they would do that too! The flight attendants were courteous to your face but since we sat in the front right next to them we could overhear them talking about passengers in the back and previous passengers on other flights. Very unprofessional. I would not recommend this airline to anyone expecting a decent experience. If you don't mind being treated like you are cattle being led to slaughter then this airline is for you. I wouldn't fly Frontier again no matter how low the fare is."
"I fly all the time and try to fly Frontier if at all possible that is until tonight. I won't be flying them anymore. Flying Denver to Kansas City originally leaving at 7.15. After three gate changes our flight is delayed over 2 hours. Funny thing is there is a later Frontier flight flying to Kansas City and they are boarding now. Everyone is asking why Frontier wouldn't switch planes so earlier flight could leave first. We aren't only people affected either Frontier is moving everyone gate to gate and there are delays galore."
"I fly a lot for business and must check a bag for tools. My selected seats (non premium) were rejected at check in and random seats were assigned. I expected baggage fees for checked baggage but my briefcase was large enough to qualify as a carry on instead of a personal item. Sizing explanation was not available until the rate increased from $50 to $100. Random seat assignment always means middle seat assignment. My return flight was not as booked but this may be my travel agent. By the time all of the surprise fees were added I could have flown another carrier for less. They would be better named hidden fee or bait and switch airlines. Alaska Delta and United would be better choices for routes in the Northwest and West. I didn't eat or drink on the flight but n/a is not a review option so I chose no opinion. The flight crew was professional and genial the check in staff was bright and chipper but unhelpful."
"Des Moines to Las Vegas March 24 2014 and return on March 27 2014. One of the legs was flight 782 on March 27th. They reel you in with a low fare and then nickel and dime you to death. As a business traveler I'll steer clear of this airline from this point forward."
"I flew from Denver to San Diego on 8.59pm flight. We did not board until 9.20pm and started to taxi but returned to the gate due to the plane had a malfunction with one engine. We didn't taxi for another 20 minutes which all of this caused a serious delay! All of these events seemed to be a disorganization on Frontiers' behalf. After all of this confusion and frustration Frontier employees acted as if they did passengers a favor. No compensation was awarded i.e. beverages or anything. On top of this distraction I landed late causing my rental car reservation to be cancelled and had to barter with taxi drivers for transportation to my hotel. As far as I'm concerned this airline has the worst customer service bar none!"
"I have flown Frontier before and thought that for the price it was a good option. However I suppose it had been longer than I remember since I experienced Frontier. I was told that my carry on was too big (I have taken it on every flight for years including Frontier) and that I had to check it. Then I was told that whether I checked the bag or carried it on that I would be charged an extra fee! I specifically travel light to avoid fees and baggage mix ups. I actually drive an extra hour to get to an airport that includes Frontier so that I can get a good deal. Never again. I hate to say this as I am a working person myself and don't quickly complain about service but unfortunately the Frontier employees were plain rude. I can almost overlook this since I would be frustrated with all the angry customers if I had to deal with them too. Frontier doesn't seem to care about the passengers anymore."
"I wish I had read these before booking. We booked our flight through another site so had to pay for bags (the only way we knew about the flight was because of the other site you would think they would be glad for the business) travelled with children could not sit together ended up in middle seats throughout the plane. We arrived at our initial airport on time but the incoming flight was late so we got in late to Denver they let us off the plane to try to make it we ran to the gate to be told (with 10 other passengers) that they released the plane. We were four minutes late apparently that was the one flight that could not be late we were trying to make a reception that night in SLC so had few other options. Customer service was the worst I have experienced in 40+years several different people sat at the counters without acknowledging customers when they did talk to us they were extremely rude acted inconvenienced by customers. We've flown 4 airlines this year this was our first and last for Frontier. Awful not worth the cheap tickets we got nickel and dimed and treated unprofessionally."
"Another awful experience by this the worst of US carriers. Flew IAH-DEN one way only good part was that the ticket was cheap and flight left on time. Previous flights all delayed by at least an hour. Crew were surly and rude and didn't want to be there. One attendant barked at passengers to not put bags in the overhead unless it was their row (never heard that before). Another yelled at me for keeping my Iphone on during taxiing which is allowed by every other airline now (TSA/FAA have change the rules). Worst part is they charge you for a can of soda ($2) and make a big deal about giving you the whole can!"
"I booked a flight on Frontier for my parents on Oribz.com. Their whole Frontier Airlines experience was a disaster. The Frontier employees told my parents that because they booked on through a third party that their seat assignments would not be honored. My senior citizen parents were crammed in the last row by the bathrooms and made to feel like it was their fault because of where they bought their tickets. They were not seated together. They were surprised to find out upon check in that carry on bags are not free even though the Frontier website chart says that \"Economy\" tickets are free. They came to learn that this is only if you book directly through Frontier. Very misleading. They had to pay $50 to take their carry on. The gate attendants were rude. My parents arrived early for their return flight and were made to feel stupid for getting there 2.5 hours early. The gate attendant told them to just sit there and \"someone will be around at some point\". So tricky baggage fees rude employees and being treated like you in trouble because you bought your ticket off Orbitz all equal one bad experience and the fact that our family will never fly Frontier again."
"I traveled Frontier to come home from Los Angeles. Frontier has a rule that their ticketing counters open 2 hours prior to departure. Arrived at the LAX ticket counter a little early and had to wait 45 minutes for an agent to check me in. However agents were very nice and got me checked in fine. I flew to Denver from LAX and had no complaints with flight attendants and pilots. My second flight was from Denver (depart at 5pm) to Cleveland. I went up to the agent at the gate to ask a question. He greets me with \"Yo.\" I found that to be very unprofessional. We ended up departing at 7pm I have never boarded a plane so slowly. We landed in Cleveland around midnight. It must be a Frontier thing to be understaffed when unloading bags off the aircraft because that was the case. With all of this said I will never be flying Frontier Airlines ever again."
"My husband and I are just returning from vacation and are waiting to board our final flight of our journey home to Denver. We arrived at the Frontier ticket counter this morning to find that we could not carry on our bags for free as we had on the way out - today it would cost either $25 to check each bag or $50 to carry them on. This was a sneaky tactic by frontier - very clever to gouge the budget traveler when they believe they have accounted for all costs at the end of their trip. Of course our hands were tied and we had no logical choice but to pay! Wow. My resolution in 2014: no more flights with Frontier."
"We fly Frontier only because it is the only airline that provides direct flights to Madison WI. I would like to admonish everyone not to leave the check-in desk without checking if you received all tickets that you purchased. We wasted 40 minutes with 3 kids under three at the check-in desk checking in our bags. At first the agent was too lazy to carry several credit card transactions for checked in luggage and was saying that she would check in two bags under one passenger's name and another bag under another passenger's name (we had 3 tickets) - we ended up paying $5.00 more which is not a big deal but the agent's attitude was far from professional. After that ordeal we have to return to the check in desk two times as the agent printed only one boarding pass at a time without checking that there three tickets under the same reservation and that happened two times! In addition the crew was out of soap and coffee and by mistake took our bag thinking that it belongs to the crew member. We were happy that it was only a 1.5 hr flight. In general the service was not so bad but little customer service issues ruined the pleasure of having a nice flight."
"We fly Frontier only because it is the only airline that provides direct flights to Madison WI. I would like to admonish everyone not to leave the check-in desk without checking if you received all tickets that you purchased. We wasted 40 minutes with 3 kids under three at the check-in desk checking in our bags. At first the agent was too lazy to carry several credit card transactions for checked in luggage and was saying that she would check in two bags under one passenger's name and another bag under another passenger's name (we had 3 tickets) - we ended up paying $5.00 more which is not a big deal but the agent's attitude was far from professional. After that ordeal we have to return to the check in desk two times as the agent printed only one boarding pass at a time without checking that there three tickets under the same reservation and that happened two times! In addition the crew was out of soap and coffee and by mistake took our bag thinking that it belongs to the crew member. We were happy that it was only a 1.5 hr flight. In general the service was not so bad but little customer service issues ruined the pleasure of having a nice flight."
"On October 24 2013 my sister and I began a long-awaited vacation with flights from SLC to Denver and one from Denver to Fort Lauderdale. SLC to Denver leg of the journey went without a hitch. We were not questioned about our carry-on bags or our purses. When we went to board our flight in Denver we were rudely told we could not take our carry-on bags because they were too large and would have to pay an exorbitant charge for it ($100). The Customer Service person told us to go to a kiosk several gates away and pay for our bag knowing full well that if we did so we would miss our flight. We were forced to pay the charge of $100 per bag. I observed at least 15 people on the flight that had bags two and three times larger than the size of my bag. We were then put into seats that had the least amount of leg room that I have come across. When we finally got to Fort Lauderdale out of curiosity I tried the pre-formed compartments that several airlines had in front of their check in gates. My bag fit easily into each of them with room to spare. At least we were finally able to go on our vacation no thanks to Frontier. On November 4 the trouble started again. When we checked in at Fort Lauderdale we were told that the flight was delayed by one hour because of mechanical problems. That delay would mean that we would miss our connecting flight from Denver to Salt Lake. They said they would get us on a partner airline. A gate agent had put us on an American Airlines afternoon flight. When we tried to check in at American Airlines we were told that the gate agent had not called and confirmed us. Fortunately for us American was kind enough to work with us and find us a late flight to Dallas that then connected on to Salt Lake."
"Flight 403 from Denver to LAX on 12/18/2013. I am a Denver native and resident and the decline in the quality of this airline is sad to me. It was never a top tier airline in quality but the recent addition of fees for everything but use of the bathroom has taken it to the very bottom. Want to select your own seat? $8. Stretch seating? $20. Carry-on bag? $25 each way. Seltzer water? $3. Oh and today you have to stand in a new separate line where they force you to stuff said $25 carry-on into a sizing box. If you don't they won't allow you to board the plane. The staff is inflexible probably because of the new corporate rules. Two round trip flights in the last month they are my last ever on Frontier."
"I bought a classic plus ticket so that I wouldn't have to pay at check in. However if you check in online you still must wait in line (this was in Seattle and OKC) because there is no curbside drop off. You are better off using the kiosk to check in at the airport because you will receive priority for baggage check. They are severely understaffed and use outdated computers and communication systems so everything is super slow for check in. At OKC two of the 3 kiosks weren't working. Of the 4 flight attendant crews that I experienced on this trip one crew was awful and one crew was great. it had been a while since I had flown on Frontier and I'm with other reviewers when I say never again. Unbelievable."
"I've flown Frontier 3 times in the last year. Each experience worse than the prior. They now charge $50 for a carry on bag $25 for a checked bag. Tha last time my seat was taken by another passenger and the flight attendant made me sit between two larger passengers. Never again."
"My family and I got to the airport at 5.05 because we dropped our rental at around and 4.40 got the documentation for that one. Now earlier in the day we were notified via email that our 5.45 had been changed to 5.55. Upon trying to check a car seat and a bag which we per paid for at the same time we checked in online more than 3 hours before we were told that could not happen because the time had been changed back to 5.45. I know about the 45 minute cut off time some airports have but it was still showing a departure time of 5.55pm on the departure board and the best part is it didn't even leave until after 6.10. I was given the option to pay 50 dollars more per person for a flight leaving the next day but the wife and I had to work the next day. I basically had to pay $370 to get home. I will pay more to never fly them again."
"SAN-DEN. Online booking was horrible - Select outbound flight select return flight change return flight. Frontier then changes your outbound flight to the first one available (the wrong one). Call to change with 48 minute hold time. Called the next day to change (only 28 minutes wait!) Charge to change the flight $150/person. So for the cost of a round trip flight my wife and I were charged to select the correct flight that Frontier erroneously picked for us. Pros: None. Cons: customer service has excessive hold times. Cost to change a flight not commensurate with the cost of the flight/available flights. Frontier refused to admit their website was faulty. Do not fly Frontier. Unless you like \"saving\" $50/flight and then giving it back for checked bags carry- on bag and a drink of water. Same business model as Spirit - cheap flight but not worth it at all."
"This is the first time I've flown Frontier and it will be the last. Want something to drink? $2. They will give you one glass of water for free. Want something to eat? $6. Want to bring a carry-on? $25. Want enough legroom to fit your legs between your seat and the seat in front of you? That will be $5 $15 $25 or $50. Want to watch TV? $6. Want to check in online? Good luck - said I had to check in at the airport. I even went to the airport to check in and at 8.05 the attendant said \"sorry closed at 8pm come back tomorrow.\""
"I was a loyal Frontier Airlines customer for forty years. Not any more. I will not fly Frontier again if I can avoid it. Just as others have posted here the customer service is terrible they will charge you outrageous fees wherever they can and the flights are not on time. Avoid this airline if you can. I fly other airlines quite frequently for business. American United Delta Southwest and US Airways all do a much better job."
"I live in Colorado and have used them for years. They were a great airline until they were bought by Republic a while back. The latest purchase by the owner of Spirit Airlines has gutted the airline I liked so much. Just spent 10 minutes waiting in line to measure my carry on bag. This is my 4th flight with them this year. In the future I will use United Southwest or Delta."
"My flights were excellent however on the Denver to KC flight I was charged $50 for my carry-on bag. This was surprising since I had already paid $25 in Kansas before leaving. In Palm Desert I was not charged at all. It was a little confusing."
"They charge for everything you can get one tiny glass of water and then you have to pay. Inflight entertainment was non existent unless you pay. Also I was unaware of the fact that if you don't check in at least 45 min before your flight that they will bump you. I checked in 44 min before my flight and they refused to let me board. I had to buy a $400 one way ticket from Southwest just to make it to my second leg and then they told me I would have to pay a change fee and fare difference on a flight I already bought. I will never fly Frontier again."
"Not a stellar flight from PDX to IAH but the return was truly horrid. We hit traffic got lost and arrived with just 20 minutes to departure but boarding passes and baggage fees receipts in hand because we knew we had to check baggage due to there extreme size and weight policies. There was no one at the counter. It turns out they close the counter 45 minutes before departure. Really? 2.5 hours later around 20 people were waiting to check in. I had to pay $100 to rebook the next day and get a hotel."
"August 8 2013 Salt Lake City to Denver Denver to Wilmington return. Frontier Airlines are unfriendly and crowded. They treated us like cattle as we were preparing to board. Do we have to expect rudeness and poor service to get a decent deal? How much can it cost to give us a small glass of orange juice? I wondered if this is just the way airline travel has become but my husband flew on Delta last week and was treated much better and enjoyed his juice. My sister flew on Southwest and even had a bag checked for free. I hope I never have to fly on Frontier again. If you had a spot for zero stars below rating travel experience I would rate zero stars. Frontier is definitely the worst in my experience."
"We flew from Costa Rica to ATL stayed for 7 days then back to SFO. We were told we get one free baggage per person. I confirmed again a day before. At the check-in we had to pay for baggage simply because we had stayed 7 days in ATL so it is not considered international flight. Gate check-in was a joke. She grabbed our printed boarding pass and left us nothing to show our seat number. When we asked her she said 'You did not print 2 copies?\". Really? I need to print 2 copies of boarding pass per person? Next the safety announcement at flight 429 on 10/9/2013 sounds like someone is forcing a 15 year old to read an English essay. I highly recommend travellers avoid this airline if you can."
"September 20th - first flight: ABQ to Denver and Flight 2 Denver to Seattle WA. Both flights were delayed. The boarding process was chaotic the boarding by zones served no purpose: we had to wait in line before boarding for at least half hour because passengers struggled to find a spot to store their carryon luggage and struggling to get to their seats causing heavy traffic in the aisle. Attendants seemed to be as confused as us not knowing what to do. I and other passengers had to check in their carryon as all the overhead compartments were full. The check- in agent did not seem to know what to do either. Finally arriving in Denver I headed to the customer service to make sure my carry-on would get to my final destination when I arrived at the counter the three employees who were not helping anyone literally ignored me for some time and then finally a rude employee did not really help me out but sent me to another gate in order to receive service. Second flight was delayed due to refuel process. Paying for entertainment may be justified but paying for non alcoholic beverages is not acceptable. I will definitely not fly with this airline ever again."
"I got an early flight from IND to PDX. Flight 613 was 2+ hours late so Frontier rebooked to later flight with 20 minute connection in DEN which was obviously missed. Rebooked again on Alaska Air to SFO then Virgin Air to PDX later that night. After traveling over 12 hours now my bags are in SEA waiting for next flight to PDX so I have to wait hours again! Bags never made flight! Drove to SEA airport to pick them up. Trip home 2 weeks later flight 792 from PDX on time only to find out in DEN that flight is actually delayed but not before running 40 gates to make a connection then running 40 gates back to new gate. All airport displays showing on time at wrong gate! Now sitting at new gate waiting hours again. Flight 1608 finally leaves well after 4.30 with a reserve pilot. Not once did we get to watch TV on any one segment of flight to or from PDX! I will look for other airlines in the future."
"We recently flew to and from Denver to Anchorage. Both were night flights. Your cabin and reading lights are awful. Those greyish/white lights make the plane feel like a parking garage and impossible to read by. Yes everyone is transitioning to new types of lighting but there are better lighting options out there."
"Flew late July from Vegas to Cancun via Denver. Realised that bags had not been booked apparently you can not do this from UK. I attempted to book online day before leaving Vegas but was not permitted to do this. At airport we paid for bags and asked to have two seats together as my partner is a very nervous flyer. Check-in staff in Denver were lovely and quickly changed our seats. Staff on flights were probably the worst I have flown. Landing announcements were quite funny and instead of reminding passengers to check the overhead compartments for personal belongings we may have stored she said to check for any personal problems we may have left there. Didn't flying used to be fun and exciting and not a chore."
"August 23rd on Flight 572 from Salt Lake City to Denver and on Flight 156 to Des Moines. Return flight on August 27th on Flight 157 from Des Moines to Denver and on Flight 575 to Salt Lake City. I have flown Frontier several times within the past four or five years and have never experienced difficulty. However on this flight I was shocked by the apparent focus of the staff on measuring each person's carry on bags. I saw several customers being sent back to the security desk to pay a $50 fee so that they could carry on a backpack - simply because the backpack did not fit in the measuring tool. Each item individuals had to pay extra for were not overweight nor extremely large. Many of them had backpacks the same size as mine and my backpack fit completely under the seat with no problem. Personally I had to remove my dirty laundry out of the front compartment of my suitcase and transfer it to my checked on bag or I would have had to pay an extra $50 to check on my carry on bag. I believe Frontier has changed their focus from convenience and friendliness to customers and are now focused on making more money. I remember the days when Frontier used to serve complementary drinks and cookies on their flights. Now they charge $2 for a glass of apple juice. Forget the cookies. I will not be using this airline again in the near future."
"I have traveled with this airline several times in the past year from Utah to Arkansas and have never encountered any problems. The last trip was SLC to LR. Once onboard the plane proceeded to the runway where there was a 45 minute delay. Had to return to the gate told we had a choice to deplane or stay but all connecting flights would be missed in DEN. We boarded again and went to DEN. Staff were amusing and more than willing to offer any information. We all received our hotel accommodation food vouchers and questions were answered quickly and efficiently. The next day was a piece of cake - I flew on to SLC but had problems with losing my bag but had it delivered to my home by 5am the next morning. One thing I didn't understand was the first flight they gave a free beverage but the one from DEN to SLC they wanted to charge for a soda. I feel like a beverage is a very small request for the price of an airline ticket."
"I purchased the tickets in February to fly Classic Plus in April and return in May. When I scheduled this round trip ticket the airline stated I would receive free television on both flights along with discounted liquor. On the first flight I did and the service was great. On the flight back I was informed Frontier no longer provided such service and canceled in between the time of my three week business trip. Had it not have been for the TV baggage fees reduced and beverages I would have chosen I different airline. They either need to inform prior to flying as the company knew I had the ticket so I could get a different company or honor their' commitment when I paid for the ticket."
"LAX-DEN. Bought a ticket after 20 hour flight from Asia since it was a better connection to DEN. Flight delayed 1.5 hours and had to rebook everyone making a connection - 2 agents for 70 people who were totally incompetent could not get anything done. No announcements no information just rude attitude from ground staff. My bags were checked through onto Frontier and I checked with agent to make sure they would get loaded on from the international flight after clearing customs in LAX - she assured me \"no problem\" and of course on arrival - no bag. Had to wait 36 hours before they were delivered. Never again."
"Flew from DTW to Denver (connecting flight to SNA) traveling with two small children (3 years old and 9) they offered us a \"complementary soda\" nothing else! On the way back to DTW a week later we checked in 2 hours early and they sat us all including my 3 year old child all by him self the representative at the ticket counter simply said there is nothing she could do! No more complementary sodas."
"Seattle to Omaha 7/12/13 Flights: 510 and 432. Omaha to Seattle 7/15/13 Flights: 437 and 843. I have had many complications with this airline. The last 4 flights I was on over this past weekend did not leave on time. The shortest waiting time was 2 hours after original departure and the longest was 24 hours. I have many other opinions on why I am not satisfied with this airline and will not fly with them."
"I flew Denver to DC. Outbound was pleasant enough by today's flying standards. The way back was horrible. I had the same weight suitcase as when I left and they wanted to charge 75 dollars for an overweight bag but a second bag is 20 dollars. The person at the counter was very rude. They started charging for beverages on July 1st. If you add up the fees this airline charges you will actually pay less with another more expensive carrier. I'd shop around before booking tickets with Frontier."
"Flying from Cancun Mexico to Denver. Spent 45 minutes at gate waiting for maintenance to repair a tray that wouldn't stay latched. Then another 20 minutes for a refuel. Only two updates on status in the entire hour. Missed the connecting flight. After another 4 hours we here the announcement that the Denver to SLC flight was delayed 30 minutes. Given a card with a phone number to file a complaint or a compliment. The wait times were horrendous and after waiting for 15 to 30 minutes with no answer - we tried this several times. Most recently it said high call volume. Not surprised. Hope we never have to fly Frontier airline again. Staff fairly unconcerned."
"Not a pleasant return flight from Denver. Flew DEN-STL on the 'economy' fare. Seats were okay but became uncomfortable and pitch was poor. Beverage service was nonexistent since drinks now cost $1.99. That is ridiculous. Flight attendants were rude. The bright side was the TV service."
"There is room for improvement. Left from STL at 5.00 on time outbound to DEN. Seats weren't that great. They were thin and uncomfortable. Very little lumbar support. Flight attendants were okay a little aloof but kind. Inflight entertainment was nice but you had to pay for it. No complimentary snacks. Drinks were free but will be $1.99 as of 7/1/13 - ridiculous. Plane was somewhat dirty. Very wide plane however (A320). Seat pitch wasn't bad (I'm 5'9\"). Landed ahead of schedule. Overall pleasant first experience but could have been better."
"Have no problems with Frontier except their seats. Horrible and I've flown over 60 flights with other airlines. Never had a seat that uncomfortable. The cushioning in the seats is terrible."
"No huge gripe here but it just seems Frontier has joined just about every other airline in the USA in their quest for uncomfortable mediocrity. My tray tables on each of 4 flights were filthy and the seats are very hard. \"Classic Plus\" gives you a few more inches of leg room but little else. They will attempt to charge you for your complimentary beverage upgrade and nobody on that aircraft will get any freebies not even a tiny bag of pretzels. Don't expect a magazine (or even SkyMall) or any free TV/movie viewing. The in-flight credit card sales pitch is the icing on this cake of cheapskate tackiness."
"I've got no problem with the on-the-ground staff of Frontier. Most are hardworking nice folks but I may never fly Frontier ever again due to their poor management making decisions. Thr overhead compartments wouldn't be extremely full if they didn't start charging to put bags under the plane years ago. Now they will charge us to have a carry-on bag for our own good of course. Also promo codes that their site say they are good for a certain time they don't last until the time they say they are usable. That's just dishonest. All things considered it's enough to push me away from ever wanting to fly them again. I'm happy to take my business elsewhere especially when other companies fares are identical. Why fly a dishonest airline that talks down to their customers?"
"This is the worst airline ever. Only use them if you are desperate and if you are plan to have a terrible experience. I have taken hundreds of flights good and bad and Frontier is one I will never take again. I've only used them three times but each time they have been delayed. I mean 20 minute delay fine but each flight has been delayed over an hour and usually close to two. One was weather related and okay of course that happens but other times there has been no excuse. And when I have talked to them on the phone they give no information for why its delayed! I've only taken this airline because it flies into an airport right by my parents so its easier when I go to visit them but Id much rather fly to Newark or JFK and take a train to my family! Lesson finally learned. But really Frontier get your stuff together."
"Our flight was changed to us air. Me and my wife 2 children 1 being an infant had seating together and select seating. We were moved to another flight seated apart when there was an entire row above us for same price open. We were denied be able to have those seats and sit together. I had asked for a reason and none was given. I asked to speak to the air manager. What kind of business downgrades their customers to a worse seating arrangement when its the companies problem they had to move our flight? We also had to pay the baggage fee difference. Customer service was horrible I will have to say I would never book a flight with Frontier Airlines again and would gladly pay more to another airline that would accommodate their customers."
"This airline could not provide a flight-crew for a flight from Kansas City to Boston so the flight was cancelled. We were then transferred to a flight to LaGuardia. We got to LaGuardia and had to switch terminals to the flight which was a US Airways flight with the rest of the people from our original flight. We got to the terminal and the flight had left and all other services to Boston had finished. We were told to go the baggage claim and take a bus to a hotel. Our bags had made it on the US Airways flight. We could not find the bus due to terrible communication skills between the passengers and the staff. However one very nice flight attendant on the flight to New York stepped outside the job description and helped passengers personally."
"LaGuardia-Denver-Phoenix. Incoming plane to LGA was delayed for mechanical reasons. Plane to DEN therefore left the gate 2 hours late. Sat on the Tarmac another hour and a half because of a fast moving storm. We all missed our flights out of DEN. Frontier denied responsibility for the delay secondary to the weather. Clearly if the incoming plane to LGA had been on time we would have left ahead of the storm and made it to our destination. I waited in line in Denver for an hour and a half to speak with the customer service agent who gave me incorrect information. I was finally booked on a flight leaving early the next morning to San Diego way out of my way with a transfer to PHX. Spent a sleepless night in Denver airport and got home 24 hours after the start of my journey."
"Denver to Spokane (March '13). We were put in the back seats that don't recline at all. The space to the seat in front of us was so close to us that ii even blocked our reading light. The stewardesses were sympathetic but apparently couldn't offer us the empty 'stretch' seats unless we paid an extra 25 dollars. The stewardess said the 'stretch seats' had actually created the lack of leg room between other seats. Frontier should not have back seats that are so cramped and certainly shouldn't be charging full price for them. While giving the usual free beverages we found it very cheap and tacky that Frontier doesn't even give a bag of pretzels. To have to pay for even music channels is very poor for customer relations."
"Have flown Frontier 3 times now each time seems to be a little worse. Just got back from a Florida trip via Harrisburg PA. Going down there was a problem with a seat late leaving. Coming back same problem sat onboard for one hour waiting for a seat to be fixed. My tickets were bought 3 months in advance and they were high in price one month before the flight they were 1/2 the price. So buying early isn't always the best way to go. Wanted to buy a snack they were out so made another choice they were out - this was the first flight of the day. Cheaper isn't always better."
"I checked in online the night before but did not have my boarding pass. I also was not checking any bags. I made it to the ticketing/baggage check counter right at 45 minutes before the flight time. I was told that I could not check in. Rather than wait in line I remembered seeing signs that you could get through security using your smart phone. I verified this with the agent before I went through security. Unfortunately I only had the pdf document downloaded to my phone and that was not sufficient. I needed to have the little speciality square that these smart phones can read. I had to return to ticketing to change my flight because I was definitely going to miss the flight. Then I had to fly standby and hope I could get on a later flight. So my lack of knowledge regarding the scanning/smart phone procedures did me in but it all started when the first agent gave me bad information. The agent that finally provided me with a boarding pass verified that the 1st agent should have been able to issue the boarding pass - it was only checking in at that point that required her. In hindsight I should have argued with the 1st agent or requested that he check with someone more experienced (or who was listening to me)."
"Booked our trip in Sep and paid for preferred seating. When we checked in at the ticket counter we were told that our seats that we prepaid for we're reserved for other customers and we were given seats further back. On the flight the seats we had paid for sat empty. While onboard I turned on my light to get a drink and the attendant said I would have to wait while she and another attendant stood in the front and had their drinks and snacks an hour later she came by and wanted to know if we wanted anything. Would not waste my money on such poor service."
"Kansas City-Denver-Colorado Springs return 1-30-13 return 2-4-13. No problems on first leg but flight from Den to COS was late nearly 2 hours as originating flight from Minot ND was delayed due to mechanical. Return flight COS flight pushed back and stayed on tarmac for 30 minutes as one engine could not be started. Eventually corrected and just barely made connecting flight to MCI. Again no problems on the Denver to Kansas City flight."
"We paid for classic plus going from KC to Denver and stretch on the return. You get 36\" of legroom but the seats were flat and uncomfortable at least for my back! On both flights we took off around 40 mins late with no apology or explanation. The flight attendants looked tired and were unfriendly. The check in staff were just as bad. Frontier needs to improve its customer service. A shame as they are good value."
"We flew on Christmas Day from Madison to DCA (Reagan). It left 2 hours late. Return flight on 12/30/2012 left 4 hours late. Seemed to be a problem in gathering crew for the flight. Unprofessional appearance and very casual attitude. Here in Wisconsin we like having the option for a non-stop from Madison to Washington DC but the service is terrible. Hope I can find another way."
"Virginia to California in economy. They checked in all of the classic plus customers before checking in a single Economy customer. I and many others nearly missed our flights because of this. Once I actually got to my plane to make the 5 hour trip I realized once again because I was an economy passenger I then had to pay for movies! There's was no entertainment either direction which made for an even worse experience. On my way back to Virginia I had a lay over in Denver and realized my original flight Id bought from Colorado to Virginia was no longer in service and I had a 6 hour layover. I was never notified of the cancellation and this just confirmed that I will never fly with them again."
"Very disappointed with Frontier Airlines service on our trip out to visit family for Thanksgiving. They did not make traveling with two young children easy (1 toddler 1 infant). We selected seats together at the airport we could not sit together because we didn't pay the extra $5 fee for the opportunity to select seats. So we pay the upgrade for the 1st leg of our flight but they keep us in separate rows and seats for the second leg. With a 2.5 year old and an 8 month old we're all going to sit in separate seats? I highly dissuade any families from using Frontier. We flew home on United and had no problems whatsoever sitting together."
"I had a combined round-trip ticket flying American from Tulsa to Denver then Frontier to Minneapolis; coming back was the reverse Frontier out of Minneapolis then American to Tulsa. It was ticketed through American. Flying to Minneapolis was fine because I didn't really have to interact with checking in at Frontier. However the return was horrible. I arrived at the airport later than I planned but still had a half hour before takeoff when I tried to check in at the Frontier counter. The attendant wouldn't let me check in because he said I wouldn't make it in time. I had a half hour but he wouldn't even let me try. I asked if there was anything he could do and he said no. Other airlines have been known to call the gate tell them the passenger was on the way and ask them to hold the plane. But not Frontier. He was also unwilling to help me get on a later flight because \"it's ticketed through American let them help you\". I went to the American desk. They were very friendly and tried to help. However it would cost $150 to change my ticket and fly from Minneapolis with them so they suggested I go back to the Frontier desk and ask them to sign my ticket over to American. The attendant would not help me and rudely said it was my fault because I was late. But he finally said they could put me on standby on the next plane which would leave 4 hours later but said it was full so my chances weren't good. I went back to American and paid my $150. From now on I will pay a little more to deal with a friendly helpful person."
"Will never fly Frontier again. Was on 4 different flights and were only greeted twice by flight attendants. Made arrangements in April for a November trip and had no choice of seats at reservation time only to be told at check in you will get your seat at the gate. Gate staff were rude. We had a first time flyer with us and nicely asked if she could be seated with one of us so she wasn't alone. Only to be told we were lucky to be on this flight. The 4 of us were separated on all the flights we were on. When you're flying for over 3 hours it would be nice to sit with someone you know."
"Flew from Orange County to Detroit with a stop in Denver. Boarding in Orange County was fine was seated at the very back of the plane which I hate but that is the luck of the draw. Flight started with flight attendant saying the TV system was broken for the flight . Beverage cart came around giving us a shot glass of Pop. Landed in Denver 15 minutes late. Only had 15 minutes to catch my next flight which was 7 minute away from gate to gate. Being at the very back of the plane killed another 5 minutes. We rushed (with no assistance from the airlines) to our connecting flight and was made to feel like it was our fault when arriving at the next plane for holding up the flight. Never even looked at our boarding passes just ordered us on the plane. Why would they put us at the very back of the plane on the first flight when we had a tight connection like that. I booked over a month in advance. Second flight to the very back of the plane again. Air did not work in our seats and when asked attendant about it she brushed it off in addition the seats do not go back when you are in the last row which made it tight. Then the TV came on and was disappointed we had the pay $5.99 if we wanted to watch it. Overall very uncomfortable flight with rude attendants. I flew AA a week earlier and had a great experience."
"I will never fly Frontier again. The staff were rude and made us very uncomfortable. They were not helpful at the baggage check in this was in PHX on the morning of Sep 12th. On our connecting flight going to Nashville one of the flight attendants snapped at me when I asked where the restroom was. Their lack of customer service made my experience lousy. On our way back we took United Airlines. Totally different."
"My flight to Colorado Springs with connection at Denver was delayed which in turn made me miss my connection flight. They showed no empathy towards my situation but were rude in suggesting that the only option was to fly the next day at 8 am. We were told that they were holding flights when in fact my connection flight left 7 minutes earlier than suppose to. This is the last time I fly Frontier. I was told by another flyer that this happens way to frequent and he was driving from Denver to Colorado Springs. This was my first time flying alone to this airport. They have made this a bad experience. This airline needs to get their act together."
"I was travelling with my 4 year old. My flight to Portland with connection at Denver was delayed 3 hours. First they said it was due to weather but then they said it was a mechanical problem with the flight. I was to miss my connection at Denver. They showed no empathy towards my situation but were rude in suggesting that the only option was to either stay back at Denver or fly the next day at 9 am. The next day they were so fuzzy about my baggage being overweight by 1 pound - the same bag they checked in yesterday but had to get back due to flight delay. They made me remove stuff from my bag and finally they lost my bag. Staff at Portland responsible for baggage claim was impossible. I am still waiting for my baggage to arrive and I am hoping I would get it back."
"I arrive at the airport 2 hours ahead of time to find the Frontier line out of the door. There were two extremely slow agents and a slew of broken kiosks. After an hour in line I finally got through security to find out my flight was delayed. Because of this I would miss my connecting flight. Frontier rebooked me on one of their later itineraries - one that would get in 3 hours 17 minutes later than my original itinerary. Even though there was other flights available on other carriers I was booked on this flight. After doing some research on Frontiers website I found Frontier's policy about controllable flights. \"If we can't get you on a Frontier flight scheduled to arrive within three hours of your original itinerary we'll do our best to arrange for you to fly on another available carrier or combination of carriers with whom we have agreements.\" After bringing this to the attention of the agent at the gate I was booked on another connecting flight on another airline. Then I found out our original flight was cancelled so I would miss my new connecting flight. While standing in line at the gate trying to rebook my flight I was told I had to go back to the ticketing counter to do so. I had been standing in this line for 45 minutes already. I proceeded back through security and waited in another line for an hour and a half line to try to rebook to get on a new flight. I cannot believe an airline could be so incompetent. I feel that it is ridiculous that I have to go on Frontier's website and show it to Frontier agents in order for anything to happen."
"I flew to Portland OR from NYC via Denver. Outbound trip was great. On the way back on DEN-LGA leg of the journey the pilot made an emergency landing in Indianapolis. The next 16 hours is a case study in trying to buy off customers for poor quality service. Instead of having enough people on the ground to service the accommodation of 150+ passengers the airline effectively paid the passengers to struggle through the limited resources available on the ground in Indianapolis to assist them. I ended up sleeping the night in a cold airport lounge and slogged through multiple re-scheduling of the continuation of my trip from Indianapolis to NYC. I tore up the $400 airline voucher I got for the inconvenience."
"We (5 people) travelled from GEG to DEN on 08/03/12. I was travelling with my disabled daughter in a wheelchair. During reservation I had already informed them that my daughter is in a wheelchair and cannot walk. We checked in online and after going through security arrived at gate C32. After the gate agent arrived I reminded her that we need an aisle chair. She said that as per 'normal' Frontier procedure when travelling with a wheelchair passenger I should have checked in at the counter and not online. I never saw this instruction on their website. She also mentioned that they can deny us boarding for not doing that. I did complain about this to the airline and they rewarded me the with a whopping $25 certificate per passenger that can only be used for 'future' travel on this customer un-friendly airline. Frontier provides only complementary beverage no food."
"I just returned from a trip with Frontier Airlines and I hope it is the last time I need to travel with them. Unlike other reviewers we were not offered a cookie with our drink. We had a delay of 6 hours which was not Frontier's fault however people were tired. A nice gesture would have been to offer flyers a whole can of Pepsi not just the usual half ice and half drink that all airlines offer after the wait was over. Instead we had one steward who was not rude but obviously tired. Frontier like most airlines does charge. Their term for this is \"excess baggage\" when you check it in. It's not excess it's your luggage bag. However what I was amazed about was Frontier staff kept announcing before the flight that the flight was full and you should check your roll-on baggage before boarding. In both cases where I saw this done many people did check their roll ons and there was lots of space in the overhead bins. This was a DC to Denver to Billings MT round trip."
"SEA-DEN-OKC-DEN-OKC. Overall service was really good. Had a huge delay from DEN-OKC due to crew scheduling issues but other 3 legs were on time. Food selection was adequate for these flight duration's but the aircraft interiors need to be refreshed. With that said seats on 3 of the 4 legs were uncomfortable due to high wear and tear. IFE was not free like Virgin America or JetBlue. It's terrible how the US airlines are charging for everything now it's getting ridiculous."
"I purchased a round trip Minneapolis to Santa Barbara 4 months in advance. I did not specifically look at the aisle seating I was assigned and 3 out of 4 legs I was seated just in front of the exit row and could not recline my seat (Row 10). 3 out of 4 legs were on an Embraer 190 which is a nice plane but no storage. Last leg on Airbus 320 had the most cramped seating I've experienced. They gate checked my bag half way through boarding letting the last 20 folks bring on their bags. When I asked the flight attendant what was going on she said they \"pre-emptively\" gate check bags when they have few checked bags for a full flight. Bottom line is that Frontier is not customer friendly. They will survive on price alone and they won't get my business unless I'm desperate."
"LIR (Costa Rica)-DEN-LAX. Sat on the runway in CR for a 1.5 hours due to \"paperwork issues\". They wouldn't let us on our connecting flight (we made it 30 mins before departure) stating our luggage wouldn't make it on. They rebooked us to a United flight who charged us for luggage. Not a pleasant experience - will never fly them again."
"ATL-DEN. Arrived on time however the boarding ramp would not work so had to wait 30 min for technicians to fix it before we could exit the plane. On the return DEN-ATL we sat on the runway for an hour because the plane had a malfunction. Finally unloaded off the plane just to be told to wait for another to arrive in 30 min. We arrive in ATL airport to find out the shuttles have been shut down for the night and that we would have to take buses to the baggage claim. Total delay 3 hours!"
"My flight from DCA-MKE was delayed 1.5 hrs. In MKE my flight to DFW was cancelled due to the fact that they did not have any staff available. There were only 10 seats available on flights going to DFW for the next 2 days. Overall the worst flying experience I have had. My first and last time using this carrier."
