"x"
"Verified Review | My wife and I are travelling around the US for the first time from Australia. We were unsure of the local airlines and relied on mixed reviews. We flew Southwest from San Francisco to Orlando and Washington DC to New York and were amazed at the quality of service. The check in system is easy and efficient. the staff keep you posted at the departure gate on how to line up and how many people are on the flight. The system of no reserved seats appears daunting but somehow it works really well. Once on the plane the cleanliness was surprisingly good, the legroom was amazing as I am 6'5 and my wife 6' and the friendliness of the staff was as good as we have ever seen. Southwest Airlines will be my first choice for all future flights and I hope they maintain the high standards they currently have."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Baltimore. On a way home our flight was #1612 and I agree with customers who had not pleasant experience with flight attentents. We had a few coupons for free drinks and decided to use it on a way home because it was my husband birthday. I ordered Bloody Mary. My drink was amazing. I received a can of mix, packet of species and a bottle of vodka. I had over ice and had to add it to my plastic cup again to finish all liquid. My husband called a few times our flight attended to order more drinks for him. Then we heard unnecessary comment \" don't you think it's too much of jack Daniels?\" Maybe it was a joke but we paid for our drinks and it doesn't say how many drinks you can have. We are over 50 years old and I don't think those comments were appropriate. Our\"neighbor heard about celebrating birthday and decided to join us with her friend. She also ordered Bloody Mary. For our surprise light attendant brought her plastic cup with ice and already premixed drink. We were schocked. This lady saw me having like total of 2 cups versus one that she got. What happened to other part of vodka and mix of Bloody Mary? Are you guys trying to get $5/drink and split it for 2 people? Not cool at all. Very cheap move. I like Southwest, never had problems but this incident ruined my opinion about that. Unfortunately it's only airline we have to use to get to Cancun and its very fast. I'll try to order my drink in a future just to check if you will improve but how unsanitary is to biting unopened drinks."
"Verified Review | Flew Sacramento to San Diego with Southwest. The staff on this aircraft were wonderful! They were all so friendly, and gave excellent service. From loading all the way to unloading. They made me feel so comfortable! Thank you for making my flight so enjoyable!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas. Our row was completely missed to get drink order. When the flight attendant came around to drop drinks/snacks off to other rows we asked for a drink. We got an eye roll from the flight attendant after our entire row was completely awake yet again missed in the drink order. The gentleman aside from myself and my boy friend as rudely spoken to accusing him of being asleep which he was not. My boy friend also got a drink and while the attendant did seem preoccupied with attending to other guests on the flight my boy friend gently reminded him we ordered drinks, which was followed by a rude comment and loud embarrassing response from the attendant on just how may people were on the flight and we had to wait. We would have not had said anything if he didn't seem completely dismissive with our request. I understand they are busy but the attendant's responsive was just rude. This was my first trip with southwestern and the flight started off fantastic with the attendant making jokes and my previous flight before the lay over was seamless and fantastic. This absolutely ruined my experience with Southwestern on how rude the attendant was."
"Verified Review | I was unable to fly from Nashville to Dallas because of the hurricane in Texas. Southwest staff bent over backwards to help me and the outcome has been more than satisfactory. I feel very grateful for the standard of customer service."
"Verified Review | First time flying this airline (RDU-MCO-RDU), and I have to say I'm impressed with the service overall. It's no frills, but the customer service is excellent and two free checked bags is even better. I know some people like to badmouth EarlyBird Check In, but I bought it a few days before my flight and got A60 on both trips. Both were full flights and on time, while the return flight was eight minutes early. Considering late afternoon flights from Orlando tend to get delayed due to late afternoon storms, that was a nice change. The captain on both flights kept us informed of any developments and whenever we hit bumpy spots. Only negative things about my flight were the worn seats and the flat Coke I was given. A fairly uneventful flight, which is how I like it. Highly recommend Southwest Airlines."
"Verified Review | I have severe anxiety when I fly. This flight had some turbulence that made me have a small panic attack. When the stewardess saw me she instantly invited me to come stretch in the back, gave me ginger ale and a cold compress. While I was back there the stewardesses provided me with reassurance, conversation and encouragement. I was so touched at how friendly and kind they both were, constantly checking in on me and also bringing my husband a drink."
"Verified Review | Sacramento to San Antonio via San Diego. My flights with Southwest Airlines were fine. On the return flight - the copilot actually came down the aisle and introduced himself and wished everyone a good flight - nice touch. My issue came with the connecting gates in San Diego - Gates 1, 1A and 2. The first flight from Sacramento to San Diego - I had to change gates. Much to my surprise, I had to go through TSA security again because you walked from a secure area to a non-secure area. Even though I purchased a bottle of water in a secure area at the originating gate - I had to toss it because of the 2nd TSA security screen. On the way back - I had purchased a few items from the gift shops while waiting for my flight. Unfortunately, I had to change gates in San Diego - and had to go through the 2nd TSA security screen again. During this screen, I was told I could not keep a bottle of jelly I had purchased in the gift shop (receipt still in the bag) because it was over the limit - how incredibly ridiculous is that? I wasn't leaving the area without my purchased jelly - I didn't break any rules and I was going to be penalized due to SWA sending passengers on connecting flights through those gates. At one point I was told to just go back and get my luggage and place the jelly in my luggage - seriously? I just got off a plane and am in the process of going to a gate for my connecting flight - how on earth am I supposed to go get my bag? After speaking to the TSA supervisor and making it very clear I was not leaving without my jelly - the TSA agent decided they would test the jelly for whatever they test liquids for and then wrapped it up and handed it back to me after it passed the test. I can't be the first passenger this has happened to and the TSA agents explained they had made SWA aware of this issue but nothing had been done. For goodness sake SWA, use a little common sense and fix this issue. Have passengers who have to use those gates for connecting flights enter a separate area divided by security glass or stop routing passengers to those gates if they are changing gates for connecting flights. The current situation is beyond frustrating and really is inexcusable - there has to be a simple fix and if it isn't a simple fix - you should still fix it because it is a huge issue for your customers. For now - traveler beware - if you are changing gates during travel - avoid the San Diego airport because if your connecting flight is through gates 1, 1A or 2 - you can kiss that water or any gifts you just purchased in the secure area of your last flight that are liquid good-bye."
"Verified Review | Great flight at unbeatable value from Pittsburgh to Denver. Easy check-in, bags drop-off (2 pieces included in the basic fare!), convenient boarding process and seating, outstanding onboard service. It was my first flight ever with Southwest and I will surely fly again with them wherever I can!"
"Verified Review | Flew Oakland to Phoenix. Southwest Airlines has always been great to me. Today they showed me why I will always choose them as my preferred airline. My meeting got canceled and I was supposed to fly out at 5pm today. I am now on 6.30am flight to Phoenix. Best customer service."
"Verified Review | Since 1999, I have flown Southwest and never had problems with it. They have decent seats, and the staff has been friendly and helpful. In addition, Southwest prices are generally fair that customer can purchase tickets in advance for cheaper than most other carriers. They have added some decent flights which were beneficial to our whereabouts. Their boarding process, although different, works well. Fort Lauderdale Airport's Concourse B requires more expansion of rooms and gates because I see the heavy crowd, which makes me uncomfortable to walk. Sometimes chairs are full; you have to stand up, waiting to board. There are few plugs to charge devices. Tampa Airport's Concourse C looks very neat and comfortable. There are many plugs to charge devices. Thus, I have heard Southwest has 101 destinations in the United States and 8 additional countries that its airline connections are expanding. I have been flying often B737, which is great planes with good seats, and I hope Southwest buy more new next generation Boeing planes with more room for legs. Lastly, Southwest Airlines offers internet service using a satellite-based Wi-Fi provider. Cost per device for Wi-Fi access is $8. I know Wi-Fi is not free, and I wish Southwest offer us for 100% free Wi-Fi in order to contact with families and/or friends and watch streaming movies or shows. Therefore, I'm glad that I have decided to fly this airline without a doubt."
"Verified Review | Buffalo to Denver via Phoenix. This was my first time flying with Southwest. I had heard that they were excellent and after my horrendous experience with AA at the beginning of my trip, I decided to switch my return flight to Southwest Airlines. Everyone from the lady at the check in counter to the flight attendants were amazing. The seats were comfortable, good IFE. The flight attendant from Phoenix to Denver was the best I have ever had on a flight and I fly several times a year. My only complaint was that my baggage was put on the wrong flight out of Phoenix into Denver but the lady at baggage claim was so kind and helpful in making sure that my baggage got back to me quickly. My absolute new favorite airline. I'm so glad I decided to fly this airline."
"Unverified | Minneapolis to Washington via Chicago. I had an amazing customer service experience yesterday. My flight was delayed 40 minutes, so I landed in Chicago at 9pm. My connection boarded at 8:40, leaving at 9pm. I was sprinting from gate B3 to B7 at 9:02pm (sorry to the person who's bag I rolled over) and it was empty. Suddenly a lady comes running over \"are you Rebecca?!\" I can only nod yes before I bend over to catch my breath, as she barely slows to pull open the door and continues at full speed down the bridge. A flight attendant comes back with her to scan my ticket, and I thankfully board the plane and arrive home at midnight. Words cannot express how much I needed to catch that flight and not extend this trip. Thank you Southwest!"
"Verified Review | Southwest Airlines continues to do what their advertising says: the best service with the customer in mind. Flew from Phoenix, AZ to Hartford, CT. Found the prices, free luggage and no change fees terrific. Made a change over the phone with a helpful agent in a matter of minutes. With other airlines, it would have taken a lot longer and cost $100+. Also, the flight attendants were knowledgeable and funny. Now, whenever possible, I fly Southwest."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Chicago Thursday night April 6. Flight was supposed to be delayed 35 minutes but actual delay time was only 20 minutes. Flight attendants and pilot were awesome. We were offered free refills and extra snacks, very pleased. Only cost $212 to fly a family of 5 (infant on lap). Checked in 3 bags free of charge!"
"Verified Review | Flew Southwest Airlines from Houston, Texas to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. This review is for the employees at the customer service desk in the boarding area. I had lost my passport and was about to board, and 4 people immediately jumped to help solve my problem. They pulled my bags off my boarding flight to Mexico immediately and made sure I was able to get my bags. They than proceeded to do everything possible to contact the airports I was previously at and talk with their lost and found to see if my passport had been found. They gave me all the information for me to obtain a new passport in Downton Houston to fly out to Mexico the next morning! Couldn't of asked for a better turn of events."
"Verified Review | This review is written for the staff, pilot and amazing crew whom flew flight 5941 from Newark to Phoenix last night. The seats were comfortable for such a long flight and the drinks, snacks, TV provided were well above all expectations. Also, they went to the most ultimate extreme by presenting my fiancee and I an entire bottle of our favorite champagne once you heard we had just gotten engaged! Thank you with all our hearts. You made the last leg of our trip the absolute best."
"Verified Review | Flew from Minneapolis to Atlanta. Just wanted to thank the staff at Southwest Airlines. I lost my phone on a flight and it was found on Washington DC. I was in Atlanta for work and they sent it to me. Staff were very nice in tracking me down and shipping it to my hotel. This was the first time I had flown Southwest but will be a customer from now on."
"Unverified | Austin to New Orleans. I usually stick with full service carriers, but occasionally fly Southwest on routes where they provide a nonstop routing, such as this. Traveling one way to New Orleans for a sports competition my wife was participating in. Needed to check a couple of bags, using a Kiosk. All in all check in took no more than 5 minutes, despite a busy morning at AUS. Spent time in the United Club, then went to the gate about 45 minutes prior to boarding. We fly often enough with Southwest, so we are familiar with the boarding process, which to tell the truth, if I have to fly coach, I prefer. We always pay the earlybird check in fee, we are always in group A, even though it's not guaranteed, so we always get a good choice of seats. Sitting together, had a window and aisle, row 2, as the flight was not full this morning. Fast boarding, on time departure, quick taxi and we were off. Rainy morning this morning, so take off was bumpy and drink service delayed, but once above the clouds, we were served the usual complimentary drinks and light snacks. 58 minutes later on the ground in MSY, a quick taxi and an on time arrival. Bags were off quicker than American Airlines ever does, even when priority bags are attached. Over all a good value, quick trip, on time, nice crew, comfortable, clean plane. In short the usual Southwest experience."
"Verified Review | Flight 5401, San Jose - Phoenix on Mar 4 2017 was uneventful, with on-time departure and arrival, along with the usual friendly in-flight service (one round of drinks and peanuts) by the Flight Attendants (FAs). The return flight 611, PHX – SJC on Mar 5 2017, scheduled to depart at 10.05 pm, was progressively delayed. At 5.59 pm, they moved the departure time to 10.45. At 6.31, they moved departure to 11.15. At 9.03 they changed departure to 11.45. We finally boarded, took our seats, and at 11.50 pm, right before push-back from the gate, an instrument (artificial horizon) broke. The pilot had to wait for another plane to land at PHX so mechanics could take that instrument from that plane and install it in ours. We finally departed at 12.15 am. Experiencing the delay get progressively extended, was a bit stressful, but eventually we made it to our destination, and on this flight the FAs again provided excellent service (even though I’m sure they had been as frustrated by the delay as the passengers were."
"Unverified | Reno to Las Vegas return. I fly this route 4-5 times a year. Southwest has their act together on this easy 1 hour flight. On time departure with normal Southwest courtesy on this route. Quick boarding, quick push-back and off we went. Luggage arrived in a timely manner in Vegas. Return flight was delayed by 15 minutes, then 30 minutes due to very high winds. Understandable. The captain let us know we would have a bumpy take off and some bumpy conditions on and off during the flight. No drink service during the flight due to the weather and the flight crew did apologize for that but when the captain wants everyone seated then that is it. Anyway the flight was not as bad as we were led to think. Was windy and snowing upon landing in Reno. All in all Southwest keeps delivering a good product on this flight and the ground staff and cabin crew do a good job."
"Verified Review | Ft Myers to Baltimore Washington via Providence. I just wanted to say how incredibly thankful I am for the unbelievable support I received from Southwest Airlines. I had an accident a few weeks ago and am still recovering and had to travel with my small dog. Their team was attentive and very helpful during my entire journey. As tired as I was after the entire trip, I have nothing but great things to say for Southwest Airlines staff. They helped with with wheelchair travel and even helped pick up my pup when I was unable to lift her. The staff is A+ in my book and I just needed to let who ever may read this know how great they all were."
"Verified Review | Reno to South Padre Island via Dallas. Great seats, excellent service, on time departure and arrival, good value. I have been flying Southwest since I was 18 (and before that, but not on my own dollar). I have the SWA Chase points card RapidRewards. I love that too. The only thing SWA does not offer is premium econ, between first class and coach, which I wish they did. Often on flights I give them my drink coupons or offer to pay and they don't let me, they will comp the drink, or a nearby passenger will share coupons. Not sure why but the people who choose to fly SWA are pretty awesome. Great baggage handling and free bags. Excellent flight change policy: it is free, and if you need to catch a flight from another airline, they will try to help, which has saved me a huge amount of stress and dollars. I have had 99% good experiences with Southwest Air. I wish they flew to Hawaii and Europe!"
"Verified Review | Houston to Midland via Dallas. I'm disappointed because the Southwest Airlines commercials and adds state that if an emergency arises that they are always willing to work with a customer. I called Southwest, stated that we had a family emergency arise, that I had to transport my mom to the hospital. The customer agent stated she was sorry and that I needed to pay $216.00 extra for another flight. If you're going to charge people then don't tell us you would love to work with us. However inflight services by pilots and cabin crew are and have always been fantastic for me, the airline has been on time and in most cases saved 20 mins from jetway to jetway. I had one flight that was 20 mins late only because the pilots had a false engine reverse thruster alarm sound when landing from the previous flight which the mechanics corrected promptly and without incident. My only issue is the false advertisement."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Houston. We made an honest mistake and booked our flight for January 24th instead of December 24th. Southwest Airlines was amazing and transferred our tickets and found a flight for us on December 24th for no extra charge! Absolutely unbeatable service. They make the flight entertaining."
"Kansas City to New Orleans. Southwest Airlines has always been my favourite company to fly with - I have not found an airline yet that can compare. I have had to travel more lately due to work and I will search up and down for SW flights before ever going to another airline. Recently, my name changed, and today at 11am I sent in my name change information, and just now, at about 4:15pm, I have received my confirmation emails with all of my information completely updated. I cannot rave enough about this company and I cannot ever recall having a bad experience. I have seen them deal with difficult customers and they do handle these situations in the most professional and understanding way."
"Very happy with Southwest Airlines. Traveled from Minneapolis to Phoenix with my wife and 5 kids (ages 1,3,5,7 and 9). It has been many years since I have flown and never for any of the kids. First got to the check in counter and baggage drop off in Minneapolis - not knowing procedure we were greeted right away with a smile and very friendly employee. We were checked in right away and given instructions on where to go and what we would need to do when we got to the gate with our stroller. Proceeded to go through security, again nervous as to how smoothly this would go with all the horrible stories I have heard. TSA agent checking our id's was very friendly and good about telling us where to go and what was expected of us to get though security. Got to the Southwest gate and before I could even get over to the agent he came over asked about the stroller and went back to the counter and came back a minute later with a claim ticket and label for our stroller. They explained we would board after the A ticket holders and wheel chairs as a family. We boarded the plane got to pick our seats 3 on the left side and 4 on the right with the 1 year old on my wifes lap. All Southwest attendants were nice and friendly during the flight. Landed in Arizona and got off the plane with no issues, got to baggage claim and our bads were already there waiting on the conveyor. On our way home it was just as good. Overall I was very pleased with Southwest and their staff. A great price compared to other options."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Spokane WA. No problems. Even though I was the last of about 150 people boarding (having misunderstood the online preboarding process, I wound up having to get my boarding pass at the airport) and had to take a middle seat between two guys, who both seemed to be recovering from chest colds, my 2.2-hour run from Phoenix to Spokane was fine. Nice staff at both ends of the process. Seat not too tight. Neighboring passengers courteous. A fair boarding process. No delays. The price: not a terrific deal (my round-trip ticket between Spokane and Phoenix was just below $500), but not ruinously expensive, and this was, after all, Thanksgiving. I feel positive about this trip partly because of my last flight, from Honolulu to Ithaca, NY. That was via United. United treated coach-class passengers like sacks of dirt. It canceled a flight (D.C. to Syracuse) with no better excuse than that it was under-booked, offered no apologies, made people stand in line for one hour to get alternative routing, ultimately made me spend an extra night in Syracuse, at a cost of about $100. By comparison, this experience at Southwest was wonderful. Until I'm disabused of my faith in Southwest, I'll happily board it again."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Denver. Southwest is the best airline for a number of reasons - customer service is amazing, flights are easy to change (I recently changed my entire flight from LAX to SNA on the same day of travel). They have the best prices. It is easy to get priority status."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Sacramento. My husband and I flew with our 6 month old for the first time so we could go visit family for Thanksgiving. We chose Southwest because it was literally half the price than other airlines during the holidays. We had never travelled with children before so we had our hands full with the stroller and car seat. While boarding, a man came up behind me and said \"Can I help with those?\" I said sure not realizing it was the pilot right away. He carried my car seat and stroller and waited in line with us. I told him not to worry and he could go ahead since he had more important things to do, but he waited and seemed happy to help. While descending, our son was screaming so loud, and the lovely flight attendant, came over right away and entertained him until he smiled and settled down. After landing and exiting the plane, I apologized to the staff and other passengers for my son making such a scene, but everyone was very friendly and understanding. We had such a great experience with Southwest!"
"Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore with Southwest Airlines. My luggage was damaged. When I went to the baggage desk I was immediately assisted. The staff inspected my luggage and offered me three ways to resolve the problem. I chose to be reimbursed immediately for $60 and the whole thing took less than 15 minutes. I was very impressed with the staff and how they handled the situation."
"Denver to Seattle. Southwest Airlines has the absolute best customer service. I have been flying with them for years and they always deliver. Comfortable economy seats, friendly staff, and flexibility. If they expanded their international travel, I would exclusively fly with them. I was planning on taking my parents to spend Christmas with my sister and nieces in another state but ended up needing to cancel my travel plans due to my mother becoming unexpectedly sick. The employees that I have spoke with thus far have been wonderful. We were able to come up with a solution that allowed me to keep my travel funds and I will be using them toward another trip with Southwest at a later time. The staff kindness and generosity has been excellent during a difficult time for my family and I. I will remain a loyal customer and recommend to everyone I know.."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Las Vegas. I like Southwest Airlines. The rates are reasonable. There are no hidden fees, or change fees, or bag fees. They serve snacks and drinks and for free. In all my flights, the flight crew has been friendly, and this last round trip flight was no exception. People who work for Southwest in my experience seem happy to do so. The planes are all Boeing 737's and for economy class seating, there is better space than many other airlines. The inflight entertainment is via wifi on your own device, which means no footwell intrusions from IFE boxes or bulky seatbacks. Some people are taken aback by Southwest's open seating policy, but its never been an issue for me. On the return leg of this last flight was on a brand new 737-800, only two months old and still had that new plane smell. Both of my flights left on time and landed early. I have no complaints about my experience."
"Baltimore to Wichita with Southwest Airlines. I purchased two tickets for two people under one reservation. I needed to change the return flight for one of these tickets without changing the flight for everyone on the reservation. Since you cannot do this online without changing the entire reservation, I was able to get my flight changed with one simple phone call that lasted all of 8 minutes including the automated menu and hold time. This change also did not cost me extra! This was a nice surprise considering is took me 6 months to get American Airlines to acknowledge that they need to reimburse me for a flight I was never on! It was pleasant calling 1 number and speaking to a person rather then calling 13 different numbers and getting the same automated message. This great costumer service plus two free bags to check makes Southwest my preferred airline."
"Reno to Las Vegas return. I fly this route several times a year and Southwest delivers a fine product. This time we were traveling with our 90 year old father who requires assistance and wheelchair which we requested. The wheelchair was waiting for us at the airport when we arrived and we were assisted by very nice ground staff all the way to entering the plane. We had to gate check his walker which was promptly waiting for us when we arrived in Las Vegas along with a wheelchair and more assistance from the ground crew. It was all very well done. On our return flight we ran into all kinds of horrible traffic delays due to the Presidential Debate taking place just a few blocks away from the airport. The highways and roads were all closed leading to the airport so when we realized that we would not make our flight we called Customer Service, explained our situation and rebooked for a later flight. The agent was understanding, very pleasant and had us rebooked at no charge within 5 minutes. Upon arrival at the airport a wheelchair was waiting and again the ground crew offered great assistance all the way to the plane. We again gate checked his walker and it was waiting for us upon arrival in Reno along with a wheelchair. Overall I was very impressed by the way Southwest worked with us both on the ground and in the air. Job well done."
"Verified Review | Heavy headwind extended the flight to 4.5 hours. Southwest doesn't control the wind however, they did make the slightly longer flight highly entertaining. About half way to Seattle, the flight attendants decided we needed to play Blackout Bingo. Seriously funny with the quips from the flight crew including the pilot and co-pilot. The flight crew did everything possible to make the flight entertaining. Kudos to the Southwest crew for going above and beyond to make the passengers enjoy a somewhat long flight enjoyable. I really enjoyed the safety briefing where they said \"In case Southwest Airlines becomes Southwest Cruise Lines\" when showing the safety jackets. This is a \"No Frills\" airline. You don't pay for checked luggage. The price you're shown is the total price without added expense. Yes, I paid $40 for expedited boarding but that was my choice to avoid having a middle seat. If you want to save some cash yet have a fun flight, you can't do better than Southwest."
"Atlanta to Sacramento via Denver with Southwest Airlines. I had to switch flights on the way back from Atlanta. My flight to Phoenix was delayed due to work at the airport. The delay meant I wouldn't make the flight to Sacramento. I had to fly from Atlanta to Denver and on to Sacramento. Because of the switch I was the last one on the plane both times and stuck in middle seats after getting A boarding with the original flights. A Southwest flight attendant though saved the day. On the Denver to Sacramento trip he asked me if I knew the latest score of the Giants-Cubs game. I was wearing a Giants shirt. I said I had to board right before the ninth inning. He told me to log on to the plane's wi-fi, but my phone was near dead and I needed it to get picked up in Sacramento. So this attendant goes back and gets his iPad so I can watch the end of the game. The flight attendant couldn't have been more helpful. Way to save the day Southwest."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Baltimore Washington. We headed to Orlando for our couple vacation. Beautiful, until Hurricane Matthew showed up. We had to leave 2 days earlier, 6th October. Very anxious moments indeed. Southwest gate and ticket agents assisted us greatly from being on \"standby\" to being the last 3 passengers to board non stop to BWI. These ladies are professionals who under pressure got us as passengers to our destinations safely. Please thank the professional pilots, flight attendants and ground crew for their outstanding performance and professional work ethic in such a time of crisis."
"Long Island to Orlando. Very pleasant, the flight was easy the other passengers weren't disruptive. Islip check in was quick, boarding was like 2 hours or so late because I flew on July 4th weekend. I flew in the Boeing 737 in Heart One livery a nice plane, though I didn't get window seat the flight was still good. I recommend Southwest Airlines."
"Verified Review | I'm going to start off by saying that the check-in agent was very friendly and helpful, making sure I knew where to go not only in Norfolk International, but also in Baltimore. Because I paid the cheapest fare, I was one of the last people on. Luckily it wasn't a full flight so I still got an aisle seat. The plane was clean. The flight attendant giving the safety announcement, as per apparent Southwest policy, made the speech into a comedy routine (much needed on a red-eye). For those who don't know, the flight from Norfolk to Baltimore usually takes a maximum of fifty minutes; this time it was more along the lines of thirty-five. Despite this short timeframe, however, the crew made sure we all got our snacks and drinks (though I didn't have any). I have usually had good experiences flying on Southwest, and this flight was no exception."
"New Orleans to San Diego. My partner and I were visiting the US from Australia and we have taken 4 internal flights with Southwest Airlines in the last 2 weeks - we have to say that they are brilliant. We bought \"wanna getaway\" tickets that were cheap and all flights left on time and there were no problems. I read online previously that you must check in exactly 24hours before your flight to make sure you get your seats, which we always did (we set alarms to remind us 24 hours before on the dot!) Staff were friendly and we loved that this airline has no hidden costs and a big suitcase each flies free. Would definitely recommend these guys!!"
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Boston. I've always flown Southwest Airlines. Never had a problem and actually enjoy flying with them - crew is extremely friendly and quite funny. Today I decided to write a review because I left an item on the plane. One of the flight attendants remembered where I was going and came to my gate with my item. I am extremely grateful and was so surprised! So awesome, thank you!!"
"Verified Review | Originally booked a flight from San Jose to Phoenix (and return) with Southwest Airlines. At the airport, the flight from San Jose was cancelled due to mechanical problems with the plane. I received a text alert even before an announcement was made at the boarding gate, so I made my way to a customer service counter. The agent was fast and to the point, while remaining courteous. I ended up being re-routed through John Wayne (Orange County) airport, and eventually arrived at Phoenix less than 3 hours after my original flight. For my troubles, I received a $200 voucher, which is more than what I paid for the round-trip. I was impressed by how quickly they found a solution to the cancelled flight, and amazed by the financial compensation."
"Los Angeles to Portland. Southwest has some incredible customer service. I completely messed up and accidently missed my flight to go back home. I briefly explained what had happened and without hesitation, the very friendly female clerk got me onto another flight within a few minutes. There was no charge, no hassle, and before I knew it, I had another flight back to Portland. Very appreciative of the great customer service and the williningness to work with their customers."
"Verified Review | Traveled by myself from Grand Rapids to Philadelphia with a stop in Chicago Midway. Looked at prices for other airlines and I saw nothing less than $350 round trip. A co-worker suggested I check Southwest Airlines website since they don't pop up on Priceline and other travel websites and found the same flight for $240. Good first impression there. When I arrived I learned that my first flight from GRR to MDW was delayed 45 minutes as the plane was stuck in IAD - however, the attendants seemed very eager to get us to our destination and boarded those with close connecting flights first so they wouldn't miss them. I was impressed even further by the friendliness of the ground service. Great sense of humor. This was a reoccurring theme on each flight. Planes were clean and well maintained. I understand some of the planes received new seats which supposedly are far superior to the old ones. Wasn't super comfortable but better than any I've sat in on an American Airlines flight. I purchased wifi for 8 bucks and it lasted for the entire day, so I used it on both flights even though I had to change planes. Cabin service was efficient with a large selection of drinks. Attendants were very personable and helpful. I like how they read gate info before landing. Also worth noting that I travelled alone. I can see how their open seating process could negatively effect groups of people traveling together. They do offer family boarding after the A group boards which was neat to see. I landed a first row seat 3 of my 4 flights and it was very spacious but all carry on must be stored above. If you're traveling light it's worth climbing over a few people as the leg room was fantastic. Overall great first impression of Southwest. No large complaints worth noting. Can't beat their prices. It's hard to find good rates to bigger cities when flying out of an airport as small as Grand Rapids. Will definitely fly again."
"Dallas to Fort Lauderdale with Southwest Airlines. 1.5 hour delay, had to switch gates and planes mid boarding due to hydraulic fluid leak. While it was an inconvenience at least we had peace of mind. Safery first. The Captain and crew took the time to explain the problem and were prompt and courteous getting us boarded on the new plane and on our way. On our flight back to Dallas (flight 3137) the flight crew was very friendly and made our early morning flight a breeze. Loved the jokes and sense of humor. We have been on other airlines where the flight crew were not so friendly and almost rude so it was very refreshing to see some sense of humor in the air especially on an early morning flight."
"On my recent trip from San Francisco retuning home to San Diego with Southwest Airlines, I had a wonderful experience with a kind and knowledgeable flight attendants. Attentive and customer service oriented. It made my experience on this short flight memorable and reminded me how positive interactions can make something mundane really meaningful."
"Verified Review | My Southwest flight took off on time from Fort Myers and landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule in Pittsburgh. Plane was clean and comfortable. Mixed drinks are only $5, snacks are good. Boarding is first come, first serve, but my daughter and husband and I all found seats next to each other even boarding in the \"C\" line. Luggage all arrived at our destination. Only negative is that they charge $8 for WiFi, which is excessive for a 2 hour flight. Will definitely choose them again - their fares are reasonably priced for a carrier that doesn't charge you to check luggage."
"I recently flew on a Southwest Airlines new 737-800 from St. Louis to Washington National and it was a very comfortable experience. The flight was full going there and on the way back but the cabin crew was very helpful and able to get to us very quickly. When we checked our bags, even with it being about 50 of us in the group, they were able to take care of us pretty quickly along with taking care of the other people not with our group at the same time. Overall, I would recommend flying with Southwest."
"Verified Review | Portland to Boise with Southwest. Our 12 year old son flew by himself and had to change planes with a 2 hour layover. Since he's 12, he's an unaccompanied minor. Southwest employees were so kind and generous by offering a meet and assist during his plane change and layover. Plus, they went the extra mile by calling us to confirm our son had landed and was in their care. They even put him on the phone to speak with us. We have always received excellent service with Southwest. This was exceptional service and we highly recommend."
"Portland to Los Angeles wit Southwest. Great Airline. They sell fares based upon one way. It is great if you want to fly into one city and out of another city. No bag fee's or change fee's. The only draw back is open seating based upon the 24 hour check in when you are signed group A. B, or C. That is ok because the aircraft they use are 737's and the connections give me a chance to stretch my leg's. They also offer a beverage and snack service."
"Verified Review | Flew Southwest from Phoenix to Orange County on a Saturday evening. I checked-in using self-serve kiosk at the airport. Kiosk gave me a temporary pass that I needed to collect my real boarding pass at the gate. Security lines were very short in Phoenix that evening. Agent at the gate was very courteous and professional despite having just dealt with an unhappy customer before me. Inside the cabin, I was surprised by how energetic and jovial the flight attendants were despite the flight being on a Saturday evening."
"I flew Southwest Airlines with my band on our spring break trip. The cabin staff was amazing and very accommodating. We took off on-time with no problems or delays. The airport staff was amazing, I accidentally left my bag in the gate area and the gate agent walks onto the plane with my duffel bag. Inflight service with Free snacks and drinks. The new plane was beautiful with the mood lighting. Will definitely fly in the future!"
"Reno to Las Vegas return with Southwest Airlines. Third trip this year on this route and it is a very consistent one. Usually on time or a few minutes delay but nothing to worry about. Service is good, ground staff were excellent as we were running late and checked in about 30 minutes before take off. Reno airport is a breeze to go through so never any lines at TSA. Our bags made it on to the flight even though we got the dreaded Late Check-In tag. Quick flight to Vegas, friendly FA's, pilot communicated with us, typical beverage and peanut service, bags quick to pick up in Vegas and then the same coming back to Reno. Southwest works great for me."
"Orlando to Las Vegas with Southwest. All the services were ok but I was traveling with my wife who is almost deaf, or hearing impaired, and I always travel with her and I sit close to her to assist her with anything. The way Southwest do seating we did not find seat together and we were far awy from each other, and it was only after I claimed loudly the inconvenience that a kind passenger moved from their seat and allowed us to seat together. But the flight crew never have the courtesy to make that kind of acomodation. I felt helpless and uncomfortable with that."
"I fly from San Diego to San Antonio around 5 times per year, round trip. I always fly with Southwest. Their prices can't be beat for the quality you get. I personally like the seating setup, where you choose your seat based on a \"first come, first served\" basis regarding check in time. If you are traveling with young children, they do allow you to do family boarding after the small first round of people, so you can almost always find seats together. Seat room is a bit better than average, but nothing to write home about. Two free checked bags plus a carryon and personal item is unreal. Where Southwest really shines, however, is their customer service. They're funny, helpful, and always seem to be smiling. The flight attendants are especially good with kids. Overall, if you're used to high class flying, this may not be the airline for you as it lacks the preselected seating option and has only one class. But if you just want to be comfortable and have a good experience, I wouldn't choose anything but Southwest."
"Oakland to Houston via Orange County with Southwest. Don't care for the open seating but it seems to work pretty efficiently even when the computers go down. Crew were friendly but the most impressive part of the flight was the very smooth landing, both times! Not my first time flying Southwest, wish I could always fly with them. Their seats seem wider than the other airlines."
"Boston to Chicago, and the Flight attendants were superb. It was my 75th birthday (even though I said 39 again!) they invited me to come to front and the choir from a Chicago area high school sang Happy Birthday to me. Apparently turning 75 made me clumsy because I spilt ginger ale all over myself and attendant responded immediately with paper towels. They were very helpful and considerate, and throughout trip cheerful to all. I was on Flight #4293 that left Boston at 8:40 am. Would appreciate my message being passed on to those flight attendants."
"Verified Review | IND-RSW March 19th and RSW-IND March 25th, Southwest Airlines is the best domestic airline. Prices are comparable to the ULCC's, however you get the service of the legacy airlines. Not to mention how they don't use the Hub and Spoke system where you have to make an annoying stop to go anywhere. I also find their IFE convenient, I loved being able to watch NCAA tournament games during my flight. Southwest Airlines did not disappoint this vacation and I will continue to use them, and get my two free checked bags while I'm at it."
"RNO-LAS roundtrip. Both flights were spot on time. First flight on rather colorful Southwest livery plane (Maryland). The flight was a bit bumpy so the pilot asked that beverage service be halted but the last 15 minutes of the flight was fine so the crew served the whole plane and collected trash in a short matter of time. Also the little girl sitting next to me was celebrating her 6th B-Day and she received special treatment which was nice to see. The flight home was actually ahead of schedule and about 75% full. Said my hello to the lady sitting next to me and before I knew it we were up in the air. Smooth flight home. Flight crew were friendly and didn't even charge for cocktails. Nice! All in all Southwest is consistent in time and service on this route which I take several times a year so I am happy to use their services."
"The crew we had for Southwest Airlines flight 2639 from Minneapolis to El Paso, was amazing. Most friendly crew I have ever seen. It was my 7 year old sons first time flying and they spoiled him. Flying Southwest from now on. They even let him take a picture with the pilot!!"
"Flew a day trip with Southwest Airlines from St. Louis - Omaha and return. This review covers both flights. Flights were on time (within 5 minutes). Plane was clean, crews were friendly. STL-OMA segment was about 75% full and had the standard Southwest beverage and snack service. Return flight was 100% full and due to the brevity of the flight we were served water only plus peanuts. Quite acceptable for a flight just under an hour."
"My daughter was flying from Rochester to Orlando for a cheer competition in Disney with her team and coach. When she arrived in Orlando she realized she had lost her wallet. I want to compliment the honesty, integrity, and helpfulness of the Southwest employees involved in getting the wallet returned in tact including the cash and gift cards that were inside. Her wallet ended up in Birmingham, Alabama where I was assisted by two extremely helpful staff. They were as extremely helpful in instructing me how to get the wallet mailed back and gave me the good news that the cash and gift cards were still inside. I don't know if a passenger found it and turned it in or if it was one of the crew that found it on the airplane. All I know is I am impressed how this scary experience for my daughter turned out so well because of the quick and honest actions of the Southwest employees. We fly Southwest frequently and will continue to because of the great customer service, affordable fares, and now, the amazing experience of a lost and found item! Thank you Southwest!"
"Writing to say that Southwest Airlines took exceptional care of us! My husband had a slipped disc in his neck and felt terrible, an agent in the airport noticed, got us a wheel chair and helped us to the check in. They were so kind there and had a wheel hair waiting when we arrived. The steward on our flight # 2890 was so helpful and brought him an ice pack 3 times. Thanks!"
"I thought Southwest Airlines staff and seating were great. You can change you flight (day/time) with no additional fees unless the cost of that day is more, they also give you first come first served seating, and they give you one free drink and snacks on the plane. The downfall is that all their flights have layovers so a trip that would normally be a couple hours ends up being 4-5hrs. You also get 2 free checked bags and free wifi!"
"Chicago Midway to Tampa. This was my first time flying with my 4 year old son, and it turned out to be a great experience. We missed our flight but Southwest gave us a new flight at no charge that was 2 hours later. When it was time to be seated the customer service was very pleasant. I asked a lot of question because it was my first time flying, also my son's. The staff passed out a free drink and peanuts to all passengers. Being able to bring 2 free bags each passenger plus a free carryon was a win-win situation. I was very pleased to have such a pleasant experience. Everything was better than expected."
"We were happy to have a direct Southwest Airlines flight from Buffalo to Las Vegas. The customer service was pleasant. Another reason we would choose Sothwest again is because of the leg room. Compared to our last flight on another airline where we were totally cramped, especially with the person in front of me reclining, I was able to stretch my legs comfortably. I have a broken hip and arthritic knees but was able to sit through the whole flight. I liked the free TV and WIFI also after I was able to connect. Both flights arrived on time. The only negative is the open seating although I was able to sit next to my husband both ways. I would choose Southwest again."
"Outbound: Sunday, January 24, 2016: Phoenix (PHX) to Ontario (ONT) - Flight 1975 with Southwest Airlines. Inbound: Thursday, January 28, 2016: Ontario (ONT) to Phoenix (PHX) - Flight 182. What a pleasant flying experience this was for us. Check-in agents in both PHX and ONT who seemed genuinely happy to greet us. Flight Attendants on both segments of this trip who appeared to be enjoying their work. A Captain and First Officer who made frequent and informative announcements. No delays at either end. No charge for first two bags. No waiting in line while passengers ahead of you struggled to get roll aboard into overhead bins and lots of room in these bins for hand luggage. Definitely a great airline and wonderful customer service all round. We will continue to travel with Southwest wherever possible."
"Seattle to John Wayne Orange County. I was very skeptical of the seating strategy Southwest Airlines uses but it was actually quite fast and I was able to find a good seat both directions of my trip. The crew was very nice and responsive. I checked my bag for free, there was a snack, I prefer having a screen but the wifi based TV was pretty good."
"Perfect flight on the way from Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale with Southwest Airlines. 5 hour mechanical delay on the way to Buffalo. not a lot of fun but staff did a good job in controlling situation, due to the fact the airplane did not leave until 1am and everything was closed at the airport, they put out snacks and drinks for everyone who needed something and decided to give out future travel vouchers to make up for the delay. Even though I would have preferred not having a delay, it was a nice touch on their behalf. Overall very happy with their service. Keep up the good work."
"On Southwest, you get what you pay for. This time, however, I got better than I expected. The itinerary had a departure from San Juan at 5:40 am with a stop in Orlando and a transfer in Denver. The flight ultimately let us off at San Francisco at 1:00 pm, making the entire trip 13 hours. Fortunately, Southwest featured free DirecTV on an electronic device and movie rentals for $5.00 each, covering entertainment for the first two flights. The DEN-SFO leg was an older plane, so there was no entertainment option. There were no full meals, but the flight attendants had a stash of snacks and refreshments for all three flights. Seat comfort was questionable and there was only one bathroom, but that's the expectation for the airline that sells tickets $400 cheaper than any other. Ultimately, I was quite impressed by the flexibility and price of the flight, and I recommend Southwest to an budget traveler."
"Dallas to San Diego. I am a college student and love that I can take 2 bags underneath for no charge. Sometimes, I fly the really early or late flights, and it is nice to know that I can still get a small snack without charge. This Christmas my dad got suddenly sick and was hospitalized. I was pleasantly surprised to see that I would not be penalized for changing my flight date so I could be with my family. I was surprised that all I had to do was pay the remaider if the flight I changed to was more expensive or I would receive a credit if it was cheaper. Thank you Southwest for taking some of the stress off during this time."
"Ontario to Sacramento. This is more of a review on the so called rapid \"reward\" program of Southwest. I fly routinely from Southern California to Sacramento and had built up points to qualify for the \"A\" list of the reward system. I knew I was going to be a little short on the required points but I also had a flight scheduled for the 30th December. I ended up purchasing the tier qualifying points and knew I had the points coming from the flight that was scheduled on the 30th which would have put me way over the needed points. So when I inquired about the status I was told that the flight on the 30th December did not count for 2015 but rather for 2016. When I asked for an explanation I was told something that did not make sense and questioned the person about this that all of a sudden the explanation changed, I then asked for a refund of the tier points that I had purchased as was told \"Sorry but you should have known those were non-refundable? When I asked to speak to a supervisor, I was told this person who refused to give me his name was the Executive Director of customer relations. He then stated, \"Sorry but there is nothing that he can do\". He didn't even try to make it right but rather tried to come up with different excuses. Also he knew very little about the policies as I was placed on hold several times while he consulted with another co-worker. This is what happens when a company loses sight of what made them what they are - and that is the Customer."
"I get terribly motion sick so I have chosen to drive for years. This trip from Charlotte to New Orleans via Houston driving was not an option. I was anxious that I would be sick and miserable the whole flight. Thankfully I was not and the Southwest Airlines crew were friendly and funny. On both legs of the flight we were delayed a bit due to bad weather but the connecting flight waited for the 40 or so passengers to arrive. Unfortunately due to the flight delay our baggage wasn't transferred in time so once we arrived in New Orleans we had to go to the desk and submit a baggage ticket. The women at the desk were patient even though I was about to lose my mind! They located our luggage on the next flight and promptly brought it our hotel and they gave us an airport meal voucher and 2 drink vouchers even though we decided not to wait. The trip back home was just a pleasant and our luggage arrived with us. I will be flying again in 2 weeks and again over the summer on Southwest. I like the reasonable fares and the free baggage but the excellent customer service shown by Southwest will keep me a loyal customer. Customer service is free but it makes all the difference."
"My trip from Phoenix to Chicago this summer aboard Southwest was a 9/10 overall. As soon as we arrived at the airport, we used the check-in next to the parking garage. It was efficient and saved lots of time. At our gate, boarding was in groups. We were in B. We boarded with no trouble. Our plane was a 737-800, with the split scimitar winglets. I loved the plane, and it offered a smooth as can be ride. Beverage service was provided with small cups, but enough to quench my thirst. As usual, Southwest provided peanuts and pretzels. The last time I flew (2013) I was provided 2 bags of pretzels, but this flight I was given crackers and peanuts. The legroom on board was pretty acceptable, normal for a Southwest flight. The landing was the worst part, though. We had to go around to make way for a smaller plane, and as soon as we landed, it was the bumpiest I had experienced. Not that all airplane landings are smooth, but this one wasn't. The de-boarding process was quick. Due to the small traffic and flow of flights, Southwest's baggage claim was also a quick and easy experience."
"Flew Southwest Airlines from El Paso to Los Angeles. Not the cheapest choice at all, but quite convenient for travellers departing from an area with poor air connectivity like El Paso. Rapid, efficient check-in, timely departures, fairly organised boarding, funny crew (this should have a limit, though). Wifi is not free but at least you can track your flight using their basic free signal and browse their website. Baggage delivery took a while at LAX, but came really fast in El Paso."
"Wonderful airline! I booked our trip with Southwest Airtlines, and it was quick and easy! I booked our hotel with Southwest also. The boarding process was efficient, and the flight attendents were wonderful. The complimentary beverages and snacks were appreciated, and One Free Bag was great. I have nothing but compliments about Southwest!"
"Very happy with Southwest Airlines flight from Salt Lake City to LAX. My daughter had a delayed flight, and her next flight was going international. Without hesitation the agent at the airport got her on the next flight out so that she would not miss her international flight."
"We had a wonderful flight from Phoenix to Milwaukee. Left on time and arrived 10 minutes early. For us, Southwest is always on time. The flight attendants were very entertaining and worked with precision. This was a nonstop to MKE. Here is the negative, my wife and I paid the $12.50 each for Early Check-in and got positions A-36/37. It didn't mean much. Unfortunately, when they pre-boarded the plane, 33 people got on. About 10 to 12 wheelchairs and their entourage including a puny \"service\" dog. Even the gate agent rolled her eyes at the numbers. So, to sit together on the aisle, we were back in row 19. I can understand wheelchairs pre-boarding. Perhaps people in the entourage who pre-board should have to pay $12.50 each as well."
"Husband and I flew Southwest Airlines for our 25 Wedding Anniversary Trip from Atlanta, Georgia to Los Angeles, California round-trip November 13, 2015 with return November 22, 2015. Both legs of the trip were wonderful. We did upgrade to the Early Bird Check-in and that was only $12.50 more each way per person. We got an A boarding position and had our pick of seats upon entering the aircraft. Both planes were on time and actually got us to our destinations earlier than scheduled. Flight attendance were nice and efficient and pilot was well spoken and friendly when he spoke to the plane about weather, arrival times and such. Seats were very tight, but that was to be expected. Both my husband and I took aisle seats and that makes for easier exiting to bathrooms and such. When we found that the cabin was a little too warm they fixed it right away making the temperature much more agreeable. Snacks were good and coffee was very good! No charge for those on Southwest. Being able to check two bags for no-charge was also nice. I will fly Southwest again and would recommend it to friends and family. Not the big open spaces that you get on some of the more expensive carriers, but a nice, low-key flight that gets you to where you want to go without cleaning out your wallet."
"Was headed back home from the holidays. Southwest Airlines flight attendants on flight 1857 from Baltimore to Nassau on December 1st were awesome. I don't like flying but one particular lady stood out and made the entire flight unforgettable. Their service was great and a wonderful team. It was my first flight with this airline it sure won't be the last. Excellent service."
"Southwest Airlines flight 2932, from Denver to Chicago Midway. Although a totally full end of Thanksgiving weekend (Sunday PM} flight, all went very smoothly. Professional and courteous airport and cabin staff handle all with aplomb. Southwest Airlines is efficient, and at a good price point. I'm new to Southwest, and now I am a big fan!"
"Flew MDW - DEN #6151 on Thanksgiving morning, an A seat near rear, flight almost totally full (except for B seat adjacent me!). Despite the crowd and a 1 hour weather delay, all went smoothly; many toddlers, several folks in wheelchairs, and even a pet dog, all handled with dispatch. Pleasant and professional cabin staff. My first time with Southwest Airlines and I aim to use them again! My main \"criteria\" with most everything is \"I shouldn't have to 'notice' anything\", meaning all should work as planned, no drama, no hassle. WN met and exceeded my \"criteria scale rating\" in this regard, so my highest recommendation."
"After booking an 8am flight from LaGuardia to Denver for the day before Thanksgiving, I woke up 4 hours after my alarm at 9am. I thought my Thanksgiving travel plans were destroyed but I hopped in a cab and Southwest put me on the next flight at 10.30 through Atlanta without any trouble or extra fees. In Atlanta, Southwest is on their game. The flight is on time, the gate is lively with a charismatic host cracking jokes, and they're giving out free cookies."
"Flying out of Las Vegas is often a depressing experience. The airport can be full gamblers who lost, or people sad to see their vacations end. The security line and line for the ticket counters can be infinite. On my flight, there was a gate change about 20 minutes before our flight was to board. This wasn't announced until shortly after we were supposed to board. There was some additional delay in boarding and our flight left about 30 minutes late. On Southwest, there are no assigned seats. I elected for $12 for the advanced check in option, and was assigned slot B5 (which is equivalent to the 65th person to board the aircraft). I had no problem finding a seat I liked, window seat near the front of the plane. There was wifi with about 20 live TV channels available on your own device. One thing I like about Southwest is they do not take themselves that seriously. Humor and a laid back attitude is common among ground staff and flight crew. The crew on my flight were attentive and friendly. Southwest also does not charge a bag or change fee. I booked the lowest fare and my fare went down a few times. I was simply able to change my flight to the current fare and a credit is now in my account to use towards future flights. I do not get my money back per say, but I do not lose it either. Try that with any other airline these days. And they still serve snacks."
"Reno to Las Vegas return. This route with Southwest Airlines is always easy and reasonably on time. 10 minute late departure which was well posted and the time was made up in the air. Ground staff pleasant and helpful. Cabin crew friendly and flight only 75% full so nice to have some extra room. Was raining and snowing on departure and once up in the air we were above the clouds and in the sun. Very little turbulence. Coming home was a full flight, but on time. Everyone was in a good mood. Beautiful night time takeoff over the lights of Vegas and before you knew it we were descending into Reno. Well done Southwest. Keep it up."
"New Orleans to Denver. Great value and I love not having to pay extra just to select a seat or to bring a carry-on bag. The Southwest Airlines attendants are friendly. Everything from check-in to boarding to baggage pick up is easy."
"I am a customer of size and have flown SW twice in 4 months to Denver. Both times my flight has been pleasant, and attendants sensitive to my needs. I will continue to fly SW, especially since their fares are more than reasonable"
"I misplaced my passport on a Southwest Airlines flight from Las Vegas last week. I had not even realized it was missing until I received a call from a supervisor. She put me in touch with another staff member who made sure they sent overnight by courier to my Hotel. This allowed me to go home to Canada. Thank you Southwest."
"My grandchildren flew to NY to see us (ages 8 and 12). Experienced flyers, but still children. On flight out, the steward on their flight went out of their way to walk the two to their next gate (Baltimore) even though they did not need to. Great customer service! But to top that, when getting ready to return home, the little one was sick the morning of the flight. We were not sure if he would be able to fly. So we called (knowing that we would be charged to change their flight, and probably a lot) to change departure date and time. When explaining why I was calling, I was told I could change the flight and pay the difference. I decided to give the little one some time and the decide. Needless to say, time made no difference. I called back and talked to a Supervisor who answered the call. She quickly told me due to a child's sickness, we could change at no cost. We checked flights and changed to two days later. Thanks Southwest - another example of great customer service. We travel a lot and will always use Southwest when possible."
"The flight itself was average but they did accomodate our group and we all sat in the back together. I'm currently on my way back to San diego and so far, not a great experience with the check in people telling my group 5 different things and thoroughly confusing everyone. Then boarding, we were all separated and no attendees to assist in any way. First flight: great attendees, bad luggage handling. Second flight: bad check in, attendees. Overall, I will avoid Southwest when possible."
"We were very frequent Southwest Airlines business flyers of what was the best airline in the sky. Never leaving late, fun attentive service and never leaving late (did I mention that). Our last 5 flights over the last 3 months had 1 on time and the others between 1 and 3 hours late. This has been getting worse for the last 2 years and now so prevalent we will be shopping other airlines. No more fun, funny staff. They're not bad, just like the rest of the airlines. But not knowing when the plane will get to the destination just doesn't cut it. Lateness and cancellations galore. On the plus side, they still have the best luggage and change policy but it's now being trumped by the deficits. Often their prices range from the best to the worst on scheduled routes. You can't just depend on value."
"Southwest Airlines are a really great low cost airline. Flew Las Vegas to Tampa non stop, great new plane, informative and friendly staff, bags fly free and complimentary snack and soft drinks while on board. Easyjet and Ryanair here in the UK could take another leaf out of their book."
"My family recently spent four weeks on vacation in the USA. We booked five domestic flights with Southwest (all direct to minimise loss of luggage and missed connections) and had no problems. From booking, to check-in, boarding, in-flight cabin service to collection of luggage we had friendly staff. The seating system took a little getting used to, but there has to be a concession to'cheap flights and this was it. So, Thank you Southwest for making our holiday run smoothly."
"Ft Lauderdale to Los Angeles via Atlanta with Southwest Airlines. Cross-country flights are always hard. But, I'd like to extend my appreciation to the Southwest flight crew who, with their freewheeling, fun sense of professionalism, managed to dissipate the stress I was feeling caused by the TSA. The flights are almost always full, and the seats are much smaller than at Delta, but the people at Southwest are really great. I'll certainly book again with Southwest."
"I commend Southwest Airlines on the exceptional customer service I experienced today. Southwest Airlines actually contacted me by phone regarding an upcoming trip in January from San Juan to Canton /Akron. The flight was moved from the early afternoon to 6:45 am. That would present little issue except that we are arriving in to San Juan on a cruise ship at 8:00 am. and could not make the flight. The representative checked and there were no flights out to CAK the next two days and asked if we could switch airports. We advised that we lived near the CLE airport and they were more than happy to switch for us as long as we were willing to leave from one airport and arrive back at the other. A day later, after discussions with our traveling companions, we decided that it would make more logistical sense to leave from the same airport. I called Customer Service and they could not have made it easier for me and were more than willing to accommodate our request. Once again, this kind of service is the reason we keep coming back to Southwest Airlines."
"We had a great flying experience with Southwest Airlines. Professional, courteous and friendly service of crew. 2 free checked bags and the 2 Free carry ons. This last trip from Nashville to our connecting flight in Vegas to Salt Lake was exceptional. Staff provided caring and friendly service, went out of their way to make sure all passengers were well taken care!"
"I missed my Southwest Airlines flight from JAX to CLE because I left my wallet at home. They put me on the next flight in the morning at no extra charge. The flight attendants were very professional and courteous, and some very funny. The drinks are reasonably priced also. When I got to Cleveland, I got all the way to the baggage return, picked up my bag, waited outside for 10 minutes for my ride, and then realized I didn't have my wallet. I of course go racing back inside and find the first Southwest Airlines employee I can, because I am well beyond TSA checkpoints and can't get back to the gate. They immediately ask on the radio if they have a wallet and the radio comes over saying yes they have it asking what my last name is. They saved my entire trip."
"I've flown Southwest Airlines for the past 10 years. I just returned from San Antonio, TX. An excellent flight going and coming, Both pilots were great. Flight# 3147 from San Antonio and flight attendants were top shelf employees, the best in this business - helpful, attentive and knowledgeable. Not too busy to look customers in the eye or shake hands with people. We really had a great trip and the whole process was enhanced because of these people."
"I see a lot of negative reviews and honestly in the 19 years I have flown with this airline I have had nothing but good things happen to me. I had to make an international flight in Seattle and I had no trouble at all. The reason why they have open seating is to speed up the boarding process. And yes they do pack a lot of people into planes because they do such a good job! The attendants are really wonderful about 95% of the time. I have had some okay attendants but we all have our bad days."
"I wanted to say Thank you and give super kudos to an employee who worked at the Southwest ticket counter in Atlanta. I never write a review but this was a experience I had to share regarding flight #860 leaving ATL going to SFO. My boyfriend and I fly Southwest all the time, he is usually on a companion pass and I'm usually a reserved ticket. Very few times we've run into overbooked flights and missed connections. I noticed when ever we do hit these bumps in our travel the person at the ticket counter treats his situation totally different from mine. Makes one think - does the type of ticket a traveler has warrant the type of service he/she receives during these traveling hiccups? Any issues I have with my reserved ticket are handled promptly and with a pleasant demeanor. This particular time I was not traveling with my boyfriend and there was a hiccup with the flight. I purposely stayed on the phone while he went from Southwest Airlines employee to employee and every person was rude, and flat out didn't give the type customer service you would expect from one of the most respected airlines. Being at the Atlanta airport from 8:00 am till 4:00 pm and having no luck getting back to San Francisco, I'm sure he was ready to give up. Good thing we held on a little while longer. The ticket agent seemed to not care what type of ticket he had. Her main concern was making sure the customer ended up where he needed to be. Thank you 1,000 times over. I wish I could have been there to speak with someone on the spot. I only wish that the employees at the ticket counter treated all customers the same and handled their flight hiccups with the utmost professionalism no matter how stressed out they may be and no matter if it's a buddy pass, companion pass or reserved ticket. Thank you again."
"This is the first time that I've flown WN, so I didn't really know what to expect. Check in at BOS was efficient and the attendants were friendly. I opted to purchase the \"early bird check in\" and was slotted at A53. The aircraft was nice and clean. The FAs were friendly, and were helpful. The flight left on time, and actually landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule. I had no problem finding a seat that I liked. Based on this one experience, I would recommend and fly WN again."
"After having an awful full day of waiting for each flight from DEN to MSP and not getting on any of them (flying standby) we had one last chance to get on the last flight out for the evening. A wonderful woman at the desk helped get us on and even got us priority boarding for my husband and I because I am 6.5 months pregnant and had been at the airport for 12 hours trying to get home with no luck."
"Departed on time. Aircraft clean. Cabin crew friendly. In my opinion, Southwest always delivers a consistent experience."
"Traveled with spouse, daughter-in-law, and 18 month old grandchild. Purchased tickets for the adults in February, paying extra for early boarding. Daughter-in-law decided she wanted to purchase a ticket for her child and have her sit in an airline approved car seat on plane, instead of on her lap. Agent told her not to bother paying the early boarding fee when she purchased her child's ticket as the child would be boarding with her mother. My daughter-in-law traveled this way with her child several times on Southwest without a problem. However, at Fort Lauderdale, when she attempted to board the aircraft with her child, the agent told her that even though her ticket listed her boarding group as A23, her baby's ticket said boarding group C and she would have to wait for that group to be called! During the heated discussion that followed, several passengers behind us boarded the aircraft. Finally she was permitted on the aircraft. My husband went to sit in the seat across the aisle from us and was told that seat was taken. Another passenger claimed he was saving several seats (I believe it was 6) for his family. The flight attendant was standing just one row away and was aware of this behavior. My husband ended up sitting behind us. A woman who sat in the window seat near him plopped her bags on the seat and said to leave them there as she did not want to have anyone sit in the middle seat. It appears to me that Southwest needs to revise its seating procedure! If you have paid an extra fee for priority boarding you are entitled to board according to the status printed on your ticket. If your family members( who are not young children) have not paid for priority boarding, you should not be able to block passengers from claiming a seat for which they have paid an extra priority boarding fee. If you are unhappy if someone wants to claim a middle seat, too bad! You should be forced to sit there instead. The same goes for all the baggage folks drag on the plane. Half of the passengers look like they are fleeing a war ravaged land carrying on huge bags or multiple bags. If the airline would support their seating and baggage policies all passengers would be much less aggravated."
"PVD-BWI-DTW-BWI-PVD Outbound legs to Detroit uneventful and handled with Southwest efficiency. Return legs were problematic as there was a line of severe thunderstorms over Baltimore causing severe scheduling problems for one of the major hubs for Southwest. Southwest came through and got us back to Providence, albeit two hours late. The terminal monitors in Detroit kept us well informed of delays and the Southwest app (although a bit slow in updating) did also. For the people who complain about the boarding methodology of Southwest, it is a bit strange for the uninitiated, but it works and has worked successfully for many years. If you insist on assigned seating, don’t fly Southwest - simple as that. It is an airline that admittedly has its foibles, but even with that it is still an excellent product! ."
"My father was flying home to Syracuse NY afer a stay in a nursing home/rehabilitation center. His travel needs were significant as he was unable to walk and confined to a wheelchair. He was traveling with my 77 year old mother and my sister. Southwest Airlines was beyond accomodating and helpful with all of their needs. We were all very worried about managing this trip, and every employee, whether on the phone or at the airport were reassuring and kind to us!"
"The trip from the Love Field Airport to Denver was decent. Flight attendants were nice and friendly on an early morning. Denver back to Dallas was hilarious, because the flight attendants were funny and made the flight enjoyable. However, I came back with my luggage and garment bag torn up. Not a bad airline to fly, but awfully handled my belongings."
"My friend and I flew Southwest from DAY-TPA on June 6 with a return flight June 10. The outbound aircraft was one of the old Air Tran 737s, a little frayed around the edges, but perfectly servicable. The return flight was on a newer 737-700, everything was new and bright. Both aircraft were clean, and staff was friendly, professional, and courteous. My only complaint was that the seats seemed a bit narrow and I am not a big guy. The outbound flight was on time, while the return flight was delayed three hours by a thunderstorm over the airport. This was my first time flying Southwest and I will definitely be flying them again."
"I guess some people on this board either don't travel much or don't do their homework. I have traveled quite a bit over the last many years I don't do much anymore but when I do I at least check things out. Many seem to be surprised at SW boarding procedures can't say I love it but at least I understand it. I paid the twelve dollars for a seating upgrade got A-37 out and A-43 back. Got on with plenty of seats and overhead space. If you don't like the charge go on another airline and pay $30+ to check your bag. The trip was fine but airline travel anymore is like bus travel used to be don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed or pay 5 times as much and go first class on another airline. I'm no spring chicken 70 years old and the seats are not great but again it's a bus not an airliner. I did fine would fly SW again if they had the best price and routing I always check around. All I can say is they got me there on time and that's what I paid for."
"Travelled ATL to MSY and back. Not able to check in early so ended up in the mid-B range both ways. Full planes but boarding went very smoothly except for the obese lady who needed two seats! We managed to get two seats together on the way back but were separate on the way out but its only a short flight. Seat reasonably comfortable with enough knee room. Soft drink and pretzels provided. Very good price. SWA use the Concourse C at ATL so by the time we had made our way to Baggage Reclaim it was starting to come off. Would use SWA again."
"I flew SWA from Tampa to Baltimore in April. It went well except for the boarding. We were delayed leaving because at the end of boarding one passenger didn't get a seat. That was because their system is not assigned seating it's open seating so nobody has a particular seat and nobody can prove which seat they are entitled to. From the announcements that followed it appeared that the problem was the lap babies-ones that were given free or low fares because they were supposed to be kept on their mother's lap (is that safe?). There were a lot of children on this flight. Apparently one of the mothers decided to give her child a seat instead taking up a paying passenger's seat. Without any way to prove which mother was the culprit the poor lady without a seat was given something they called an emergency seat. It didn't sound like it was very comfortable. If you fly SW do get priority boarding or you could end up in a seat like that."
"22/03/15 - 29/03/15 a total of 7 flights over that time starting at BWI Baltimore and ending up at John Wayne CA via MDW SLC DEN and OAK. All left on time and arrived on time or early. Cannot fault them in any way given all flights were getaway tickets the price was right as well. From booking each flight to checking in and arrival they run rings around most other airlines in the USA and the EEC. Those who moan about free seating pay the extra few bucks and get an A boarding place you can afford that as your checked bags go free other wise stop moaning."
"SWA 737-700 IND-RSW March 21st. We booked Southwest airlines Wanna Get Away for a very cheap price so we could sit together we paid for early bird check in and we were in Group B. I have to say I will now be flying Southwest almost exclusively because of the free IFE (although you need a device yourself) and the service is great. The 737 is also one of the more comfortable planes in the sky and I would much rather fly on it than a small RJ on Delta or having to connect in Charlotte. Overall I'm very happy with this airline and I look forward to my next flight with them."
"I have been traveling business select with Southwest twice a month for the past 3 years. I pay the extra money so I can board first to get my preferred window seat up close to the front on the Port side of the plane in order to quickly un-board either for another connection flight or to get on the road. My question is how can you rightfully sell a business select ticket when knowingly that there will be 40 people left on that plane during a connection which all 40 people will most always move forward after the un-boarding taking up most of the preferred seating area. Another question: I flew in on flight 2230 from New Orleans to San Antonio there was supposed to be no plane change in Dallas. Once we arrived in Dallas and everyone un-loaded except for the ones of us that were continuing on to S.A. Then we were told to get off and go to the next gate that there was another flight going to S.A. After several of us asked what was going on because of the plane change and the much later departure time of this flight (we never received an answer) then an hour later they announce that they are now waiting on another flight with 90 more people. This plane change and departure delay then became obvious there were no weather or mechanical issues they were combining 3 San Antonio flights into one to probably save fuel and personnel cost at the expense of their customer."
"LAS-LAX-LAS. Bizarre boarding process but once you get your head round it boarding is very quick. Extremely friendly crew on both flights. Complementary drink and baggage policy is excellent! Very easy to amend flights and with no charge! You don't get that with the low cost airlines in the UK!"
"LAS-LAX-LAS. Bizarre boarding process but once you get your head round it boarding is very quick. Extremely friendly crew on both flights. Complementary drink and baggage policy is excellent! Very easy to amend flights and with no charge! You don't get that with the low cost airlines in the UK!"
"Took a flight from Southwest last week to Las Vegas. Upon trying to return home from Las Vegas my flight was canceled because of equipment problems. There were no other connecting flights that day for my itinerary. As a result Southwest offered several alternatives. We stayed an additional night in Vegas as a result. This was paid for by Southwest. All transportation was supplied by Southwest to and from the hotel. This was first class service! My only peeve and it is a small one was that I had an \"A\" first on pass originally and my replaced flight the next day was a \"B\" category. The flight crew on all flights was excellent."
"Traveled Buffalo - Tampa at end of January. First time flyer with SW. Purchased early bird check-in in a bid to protect a better boarding position (and overhead bin space). Was assigned mid-A group so did get the seat location and bin space I was after. The entire boarding process is just a bit too odd for my liking with numbered posts and suspicious-looking 'post squatters.' I didn't need a calculator to know there were some queue jumpers at least within the 'A' group. Seating is just ok I thought the pitch was a bit tighter than the 32\" advertised and while I got the seat location I wanted I ended up with a group 'C' middle-seat'r who felt entitled to both armrests and wasn't exactly on the lean side. The in-flight service was fine the aircraft new and bright the flight crew fairly amenable and the flight left and arrived on time. Just can't get past the boarding system though. It just seems too cattle-roundup oriented."
"While traveling from Mexico to SAT my wife and I decided to give Southwest our first try we travel about 3 to 4 times out of DSM and we had never used your services. The flight was delayed about an hour because of some issues with landing at the prior airport once we boarded the plane the captain apologized for the inconvenience I wasn't aware of the seating process either but yet happy to be able to seat anywhere in the airplane the 3 flight attendants were extremely attentive with my two children they offered a lid for my sons cup so he wouldn't spill his juice all over his homework. They made us feel like they cared about us and they seem happy to be there. When one of the flight attendants realized we were a military family she offered to pay for our drinks. something not one other airline had ever done. Overall it was a very pleasant flight."
"RNO-LAS LAS-RNO. As always on this route SW delivers. Ground staff in Reno were great and flexible. On time departure flight crew attentive and the pilot even pointed out sights of interest on the way down. Luggage arrived promptly in Vegas. Return flight just the same. Will continue my loyalty to this airline."
"Flew WN twice this week: BDL-BWI-RSW and RSW-ATL-BDL. Both flights were on time. Attentive and congenial ticket counter gate and inflight personnel who really seemed to enjoy their job and their customers. The crew on the BWI-RSW leg actually sang portions of the pre-departure announcements. Having been subjected to callous treatment and the \"we don't care we don't have to\" attitude of personnel on some of the other airlines Southwest is a refreshing change of pace. They won me over."
"I recently took a trip from Albany to Orlando and thoroughly enjoyed it. Although the boarding process is a little strange as long as you check in on time there is a very good chance that you will find good seats even if you are traveling with family members. I got B27 because I checked in a little late but I was still able to get a window seat over the wing like I wanted. And since I only brought a suitcase and a small duffel bag I didn't have to check any luggage which is free for two bags anyway. I am 5' 3\" and small but I imagine that someone much taller and larger would still be as comfortable as I was in the seats. The planes were very clean and the staff were very welcoming and enthusiastic especially on the way down to Orlando. The flight attendants are quite funny during the safety briefing and manage to make you feel as if you are listening to a human being instead of a monotonous robot. They were also sympathetic when our flight back to Albany from Baltimore was delayed about an hour and our gate was switched twice and the captain addressed us personally to apologize. As all three of my flights were less than 3 hours each I didn't order anything but the complimentary snacks were a nice touch. Although each plane I flew on was wifi-equipped I did not purchase it but I did use the free flight tracker. Overall Southwest offered outstanding service and comfort at a lower price than most other airlines that I have flown on. Southwest has given me an experience that I would gladly repeat many times."
"Recently my wife and I had a round-trip to Jamaica. Our flight 1042 from Chicago on Dec 26 was delayed 1.5 hrs because one of the lavatories was found non-operational. However the crew learned about it after all passengers had boarded the plane. Boarding started on time on the way back from Montego Bay however after a third of all passengers had boarded the crew found out that 3 seats were non-operational. The flight (Jan 2nd #1043) was oversold. It took a while to find 3 passengers who agreed to take another flight by delaying their return to Chicago. Could the problem with 3 seats identified before starting the boarding? I think Southwest has some opportunities for improving operations."
"SAN-LAS. Dec 31st. B737-700. Crowds and crowds. But everything went Ok with SW. Lines to drop off were quick. Boarding was quick. Flight was quick. Even luggage delivery in LAS was quick. The quicker the better. And 2 suitcases for free is fantastic. LAS-BUR. Jan 2nd. B737-700. Same thing. In both cases they said free wi-fi but try to charge. I did not understand."
"We flew round trip from Baltimore Washington International to Aruba on December 22 2014. We arrived at 6am for our 8.45 am flight and the lines were long for check in. Curbside check in was not any better. The International line was shorter so we were able to process through in a reasonable amount of time. It was a nice flight with no problems. For our return trip the hotel staff recommended that we get to the airport three hours early. The check in process was very well handled and we even went through the United States Customs before boarding the plane. This made it very easy when we arrived in Baltimore to grab our luggage and go. The return flight had the best flight crew I have ever flown with. The attitude and customer service skills made this flight very enjoyable. Our only complaint was there was no inflight movies available for a 4.5 hour flight."
"Flew SWA in the last week from BWI-RSW-BWI. First plane was older (737-300) had no WIFI. Seats in the older plane seemed larger/more comfortable than the newer one. Bathroom wasn't cleaned very well (if at all). Second plane was newer (737-700) and had WIFI but it was $8 for a 2 hour flight so I didn't buy it. Other than that they got us to each location on time."
"SFO-LAS flight delayed 20 minutes which is fine considering its a budget airline I didn't expect much on the service complimentary 2 pieces check-in baggage is very delightful spacious legroom friendly cabin crew free soft drinks served very enjoyable experience with SouthWest."
"Las Vegas to Baltimore then to Portland. Our scheduled flight from Baltimore to Portland was delayed (sick crew member). Southwest gave a $100 LUV voucher. They also don't charge to change or cancel flights. They need to make sure that carry on bags will fit in overhead compartments. Many did not and had to be checked which delayed the flight."
"First time in a while flying Southwest and as usual a pleasant straightforward experience. Easy-to-use website for reservations optional boarding pass for a few bucks extra fairly efficient boarding. My flight was from BWI to Las Vegas and I opted to pay $8 for WiFi. Southwest fulfilled their goal - moving me across the country in 5 hours or so - a great job without all of the hidden fees."
"I just recently flew to the east coast departing from the west coast. This was the first time I tried flying with Southwest and have absolutely no regrets. I experienced no delays. My flights were on time and 30 minutes early at one of my layovers. I found the staff very nice and it made my flight fun. I will stay with southwest from now on when I fly. Thanks Southwest for such an enjoyable trip across country!"
"My husband and I both fly frequently between Ohio and New York and Florida so this review is based on many flights. Southwest has become my preferred airline. As a senior checking my bags for free means I don't have to lift a bag overhead that is getting increasingly difficult. No change fee means I don't have to buy insurance. The staff are wonderful boarding is done in an efficient way and you can get a convenient and moderately priced flight without having to fly at 5.30am. Would only use another when I have to match a specific time frame that is not available."
"I love flying Southwest but the reason why I fly other airlines is do to the very slow baggage claim at Love Field. I took a flight from Cleveland to Love Field #4221 October 11 2014. It took one hour from the time our flight landed until the bags were delivered. One hour I could not believe it. They build that nice building but have no way of telling passages which of the four baggage carousels your bags will be delivered on so people scurry from one to another looking. Even after the bags arrive the Southwest team member usually is to busy to announce baggage drop until 4 or 5 bags have arrived. You spent a lot of money to rebuild that airport you would think that you could make the bags arrive in 20 or less minutes."
"Sep 14 on flight 648 from DEN to PHL and Sep 20 on flight 1329 from PHL to DEN. So impressed with Southwest! Just finished our fourth flight with our infant son and I'm just so thankful for the amazing crews we've dealt with each time. So understanding and accommodating. As first time parents we really appreciated the great service."
"I was hesitant to fly Southwest because I'd heard the \"cattle call\" remarks from others but honestly it was fine. I paid the $25 for my sister and I to do the early bird check-in which I will always do from now on. We boarded quickly and took off on time. I enjoyed sitting up front on the way to Phoenix (I'm claustrophobic so the extra room made for a more comfortable feeling overall). Coming back we were a few rows back and it was cramped for sure. That's to be expected on a smaller jet with smaller seats. For a domestic flight it's doable. What I was really impressed with was the overall attitude and presence of the crew. I have always flown Delta in the past and was surprised to see the pilots before the flight. The flight attendants were very nice. The flight back to Atlanta was interesting as there were weather issues but the pilot did a great job of navigating around and through the worst of it I believe as there was hardly any turbulence. I'll fly SW again for sure."
"My 94 year old mother-in-law and I flew Southwest from San Jose CA to Austin TX on July 29th 2014 and she flew back alone on August 16th 2014. We had outstanding service in every way before and on both flights. The folks who met us with her wheelchair were so accommodating polite and respectful. The ticket agents helped us in every way possible even when we thought we had some difficult issues. The attendants on the plane were very friendly and so kind. We and she alone on the way back could not have asked for better service. We will both definitely fly Southwest again."
"San Diego to Las Vegas 13th Aug. Las Vegas to San Francisco 15th Aug. Seeing as people seem to only write bad reviews about Southwest I decided to write a very positive review. I had 2 separate flights with Southwest in a week. Both flights were excellent. Most probably the friendliest staff and crew I have come across on any airline. The emergency demonstrations are witty and funny and do not sound like a robot that does not want to be there. They also offer free beverages and a small snack on board which is a nice gesture to get you through a short flight. There are a very efficient airline. We had no delays and baggage was returned quickly once off the aircraft. I would recommend Southwest to anyone flying within the US. They are truly cheap and cheerful."
"My wife and I are from Australia but when we come to the States we try to fly Southwest whenever practical because they deserve the business due to their fair business practices and good service. We've always appreciated that they don't charge for luggage and that a person can change flights without any charge. We flew them a number of times last month and I can say only good things about them. We will continue to support them in the future when we come to the States and I wish they operated here in Australia."
"July-August 2014. Los Angeles-Midway Chigao-Louisville-Las Vegas-Los Angeles. Once again excellent airline. Cannot find anything to complain about. Staff and service fantastic. On time. Of course food and beverages you pay for but have no issue with that. 2 free checked luggage a bonus."
"Flight 2534 BWI to Providence on 17 Aug return BOS to BWI on 19 Aug on 3059 travelling to Cape Cod. I was a little apprehensive about flying Southwest having read the reviews but I must confess I was very impressed. Boarding was carried out promptly and according to the rules of seating on both flights. Both flights left on time the flight attendants were pleasant and engaging. On the return flight the pilot met passengers at the door and shook my hand and thanked us for flying Southwest! Drink orders were processed promptly and small snacks were handed out. The return flight had in flight wifi with TV and movies on demand. All in all it was value for money and when I am back in the US I would use them again without a doubt."
"LAX-MKE-SEA. For me Southwest has always been a superb US domestic carrier and these trips were no different. A tip is to purchase for $10 the early check-in which gets you into the A group boarding. well worth the efforts not to have to fight for a seat."
"I recently traveled from Louisville to Orlando no problems the flight was very smooth no problems with the luggage and arrived in Orlando thirty minutes ahead of schedule. The flight home went very smooth also no problems at all overall I was very pleased and plan on using Southwest again."
"85 boy Scouts took flight 63 on 8/2/14. All staff were so pleasant and went around 3 times to make sure we were good with drinks. That was really impressive. They were so kind and even let us know our gates for connecting flights. Nice job! Everything was great."
"It is too bad the people that seem to post on the web are the ones that have had poor experiences. I fly almost weekly on Southwest for the last 6 years. It is with trepidation that I fly other airlines as you never know what you are going to get-especially Delta. The customer service is second to none and the seats are always roomy and predictable. Unless you need the extra leg room such as an exit row if you check in at the 24 hour mark or pay the low fee to board early you have a large selection of seats. Rarely are they late. The staff are empowered to solve customer issues and do so readily. Airline tickets are easy to change and credit refund with no fees. Plus there is no baggage fee for the first 2 bags and their pricing is competitive. Airline miles are so easy to use including international. This airline develops trust based on their reliability and customer service. Definitely a loyal fan and steady customer!"
"Burbank-Phoenix SWA286. Phoenix-Buffalo SWA197. July 17th. My first time flying Southwest and I was very impressed. Customer Service was the best I have seen and I have been on United Delta American etc. I was flying from Burbank to Buffalo via Phoenix and the first flight was 15 minutes early and the 2nd flight was right on time! I read a lot of people on here do not like the seating policy I honestly love it it is very simple and you choose which seat you want and Southwest is known for being the quickest airline for planing and deplaning. Flight attendants were very nice I liked the humor they used for their announcements. You have complimentary non- alcoholic drinks and they give you a bag of peanuts and pretzels. All in all I would recommend Southwest."
"Ever since JetBlue left Tucson International Airport my husband and I have been loyal Southwest customers who fly four times yearly between TUS and LGA. Flights are convenient prices are good there's no charge for baggage service is friendly seats are comfortable and we have experienced rare delays. Interestingly enough the passengers are friendly and helpful to one another despite open seating."
"LGA to HOU on May 18th. Easy check-in online and baggage drop at the airport. Organized boarding. Clean aircraft. Good legroom and comfy seat. Crew were fabulous offered snacks and drinks. Although we left 20 min late from LGA we arrived at HOU 15 min earlier. Our luggage was delivered shortly afterwards."
"Something seems to have changed at Southwest. For many years SW was the only airline we wanted to fly because: on-time schedules nice staff/crew all around good operation. Recently (week of May 8-15 '14) my family experienced sub quality performance from SW (flights from Dallas and Albuquerque to Orlando and back). Schedules were way off hours late with inaccurate updates that basically said \"we'll fly when we fly\" (weather plays into this but weather has always been an issue and procedures to deal with it efficiently as in giving accurate information should be in place. Flying out of Orlando was a total fiasco. The flight schedule boards and the gate desk showed \"on-time\" departures when in fact the departure time had already passed. Travelers were asking each other for updates from the internet. Finally the flight number completely disappeared from all boards (the SW rep at the gate said after an hour flights are dropped and that he couldn't say when the flight would take off). So 3.5 hours later our plane takes off. Connecting flights of course didn't happen because our flights were at the end of the day. In Phoenix around midnight we were dumped with no customer service desk open to help those who missed their connections to re-schedule. We were lucky enough to find one ticket rep (Homero) who was trying to go home but did help single handedly even though the counter was closed and many people were needing assistance. SW offered no vouchers for future travel and we had to find our own accommodations for the night-the info handout with a number to call for a nearby hotel recommendation with discount had little to offer with no pick-up available. My conclusion is that perhaps SW has gotten too big (with Airtran acquisition) and has lost control of some operations. SW is at its best as a short haul regional airline. Cross country flights (3 hours +) are off schedule and uncomfortable. The good news is that the staff and crew we encountered tried to be helpful but they are powerless when they don't have the information and support that they need."
"I have flown Southwest several times. This is my first time to write a review. We flew from Little Rock to Las Vegas. On the way back we were late to board and missed the flight. They put our luggage on another plane and couldn't guarantee when they would get to Little Rock. They put us on a flight to Chicago a little later every seat was full so we were lucky to get on. From Chicago we got a plane to Little Rock again the seats were full so we were lucky again. We were about five hours or so later than if we hadn't missed our original flight. All I can say the Southwest people were very nice about trying to help make the connections and when we got to Little Rock our luggage came in about forty-five minutes later. All I can say about Southwest is good. The flight attendants were very nice too all of them. When we came into Las Vegas the plane went over the Hoover Dam with a very good view I made a comment about the view when I got off and told the pilot I was hoping for a circle around the dam he told me they frowned on that since it would take about another thousand bucks. A little humor thrown in. When I fly it will be with Southwest I have never had any trouble."
"March 30th 2014. Hartford Ct. to Las Vegas. While waiting to board the flight I noticed a very angry looking male flight attendant wandering around the gate area he was on our flight and his mood didn't improve for the entire 5.5 hour flight. During a short period of relatively smooth air the crew started taking drink orders. Fortunately on the way home the crew were very pleasant with passengers. The plane was a 737-700 fairly comfortable and the free snacks were a nice surprise."
"Flew St. Louis to Orlando and return. Online check in was very easy and I got an \"A\" boarding cards both times checking in 24 hours ahead of time. Planes left and arrived on time. FAs were in a good mood and very friendly. Soft drinks and pretzels and peanuts were served. Luggage was free and arrived quickly."
"BUF-MCO-BUF. The unassigned seating is such a pain because then you have flight attendants yelling at you to choose any available seat. Both flights were on a Boeing 737-300. Cramped seating but flight attendants were polite and nice once you were in the air. In-flight magazine is terrible but the free snacks ands drinks helped. Although Southwest does have some of the best baggage policies in all of North America."
"EWR-HOU-EWR. I flew on an early flight to Houston Hobby. The flight was extremely empty and there was a ton of seats. I got A23 and A24 for that flight. Staff were quite attentive and provided us with snacks and drinks. We got into Houston around the time we should get there. Our return flight was delayed 90 minutes and we got a different plane. There were also delays at EWR so I just had to deal with it. The staff was just as attentive. Once we landed one of the flight attendants did apologize for the delay. Although I did not check any bags they got off the plane extremely quickly. I would fly them again!"
"Southwest 1696 on April 1st from Baltimore to Denver. By using the rapid rewards debit card we got throughout the year we are able to take a vacation for no more than $30 each year ($30 is tax). We always check in on the dot of 24 hours before departure and usually get A or B boarding groups. We love that we get to choose our own seat. The staff are always very friendly and the new free TV on board every flight is my 2 kids favorite past time."
"Having flown 45 weeks or so annually and now scaling back I fly Southwest for both business and pleasure. Southwest is an easy transition. With all the cutbacks and cattle calls that airlines have migrated to SW at least makes it simple ABC. If you can't figure that out sit in the middle. Their gate attendants are knowledgeable take the same stupid questions over and over yet answer them in a polite manner."
"Flown from Houston to Las Vegas last week. Everything was good (except lots of passengers were drunk and yelling). Our flight departed on time and arrived 15 min prior to schedule. I had no complaints at all for the price it was a fair trip. The return flight was delayed 40 min. Whoever is surprised by this obviously doesn't travel a lot by plane. I say for the price their flights are good don't expect feeling as royalty of course. For short trips (4 hours max.) it's pretty enjoyable."
"Feb 2014 - BUF-FLL (return). We booked Southwest mainly because of the price and I was a little apprehensive about avoiding the dreaded middle and getting a decent aisle seat. We paid an extra fee for their \"early bird\" check in which in our case allowed us to board with the first 25 passengers both outbound and return. It was a 3 hour flight and that's about all of the time I would want to spend in their cramped uncomfortable seating. But for a reasonable short flight I'd book Southwest again. It's a basic no frills airline with no baggage fees and it gets you there albeit not in the most comfortable circumstances."
"Our flight was 20 minutes late taking off because there was a previous flight still at the gate. As soon as the last person walked off the passengers in wheelchairs were boarded so obviously there was no time to clean the plane. The washroom was very dirty. Yesterday at 6.15 flight 1957 Ft. Myers to Chicago. Southwest was trying to keep on schedule but please clean the plane."
"Feb 8th flight 2178 Orange County to San Francisco. Feb 5th flight 2962 Denver to Orange County. I travel quite frequently. I rarely have to check any bags but I like having the option to do so for free if I need to. I travel twice/week for the last 2 months and I have never encountered an unpleasant flight attendant in fact I find them more than amusing. Also as someone who has flight anxiety I feel so secure when flying Southwest."
"I recently flew round trip from Austin to Sacramento. The boarding process went smooth no delays but the flight was very uneventful. The pilot was completely silent the entire flight the flight attendant rude and very cramped seats. The return flight home was overbooked and at 100%. However the pilot and attendants were very pleasant and had a great sense of humor. I would advise that you fill up on food before you fly as there is no meal service just peanuts pretzels and mini Ritz sandwich crackers. It would be nice though if the pilot would make an announcement once in a while regarding your eta."
"I fly SW from San Jose to Ft Lauderdale and back several times a year. I too have been a victim of delays due to mechanical problems and sometimes bad weather. I suspect that all airlines have these issues. I love the witty banter of the safety announcements. If you are nice to the staff they will be nice to you. It is not their job to stuff your 90 lb. carry on into the overhead bin. The pilot decides when and if beverages and snacks will be served. I am a \"senior\" and remember the old days when people didn't feel so entitled as they board in their sweat pants or worse. It takes just one or two passengers to ruin a flight."
"San Antonio - Las Vegas via Denver and Las Vegas - San Antonio in January. On a business class RTW ticket we did this low frills side trip with UK and US friends - they're buses with prices to match check-in at the 24 hour point gets you into the early second tier boarding queue which enabled our party of six to all travel next to their partner and all couples had one window seat with carry on in the over head lockers and all flights were full. They took their own lunch and appreciate the gratis soft drinks/coffee and unlimited pretzels. Loved the commentary from the flight deck on departure from Las Vegas and on arrival at San Antonio. For internal US travel go for it."
"12 Jan flight 670 MDW-LGA 1.5 hrs. Low fare easy check in speedy boarding on-time professional cabin crew very good seat pitch new aircraft. Soft drinks nuts and pretzels - free of charge. Better than other \"traditional\" airlines."
"Just returned from a trip to San Jose the 1st. of January. I do not like this cattle call method of filling the seats. After finally entering plane I always look for the seats by the emergency exit due to knee problems what I found was a young girl sitting there already. When I brought my concern to the stewardess about whether or not she would be capable of opening the emergency exit she just said no problem for her to open it. The seats are not made for me and I find them very uncomfortable. I really would like to give SouthWest airlines a better score but could not."
"Flew in Sept. 2013 from Nashville to Denver and later Denver to LAX. We were very impressed considering this is a budget airline. Managed to get seats in the 2nd row on both flights for both myself and my elderly mother. Flight attendants were friendly and attentive nice smooth flights new planes very clean. Were most impressed with ground crews in both Denver and LA who allowed my mother and I to board the plane before any general boarding. Will certainly fly Southwest again."
"We flew from Minneapolis to Houston on December 14. We had weather delays so had to fly to Milwaukee / St Louis / Oklahoma City and finally into Houston Hobby in the evening. It was a hectic flight but the crew on flight 3480 were wonderful!"
"LAX-SFO return on 12/09/2013. I like the text message updates early in the day that let you know flights may be late. Before I even left LAX I knew my flight home from SFO would be over 1.5 hours late. That allowed me to finish up early and get back to the airport to try and catch the earlier flight. I did just that and was accommodated on the second to last flight back to LAX. Even though I used points for this trip there was no charge to take the earlier flight. Flights always have drink service and a choice of peanuts/pretzels. Even though they can be stingy when passing the snacks out they never say no when you ask for more and are always nice and polite. In addition I always ask for a kids book with wings to take home for my kid and they gave me two this time - nice touch. So while the assigned seating thing can be a drag they make up for it with outstanding service. And while I was given B51 on the earlier flight to LAX I still managed to get a window sea t so no complaints on the seating. Checking in early is key!"
"Great customer service! After being messed around by United once again where they left me stranded in St Louis I booked a flight at the airport to Philly (though I really wanted to go to Newark where United was supposed to take me). As I went to the gate for my flight leaving 45 minutes after I booked it I saw the flight to Newark that was supposed to depart 10 minutes before I arrived at the airport had been delayed and was now leaving in 5 minutes. Went to gate agent explained I was screwed by United and really wanted to go to Newark he said \"No problem\" switched me to the Newark flight and handed me the ticket. When I asked how much he said \"No charge have a nice flight\"."
"I fly with Southwest Airlines frequently. In fact I hardly ever fly with any other US carrier. This does not mean that I love the airline merely that by US standards it is not bad. Some flights go well and the crew are a lot of fun. This was especially the case on both flights I took on 28 October from San Francisco to Phoenix and from Phoenix to Minneapolis. The crew were friendly told jokes and made me feel almost refreshed despite having a long Osaka-Hong Kong-San Francisco flight the day before. At times the flights either leave much to be desired or can be almost horrific as was the case on both flights I took with them on the 7th of October -- Minneapolis to Phoenix Phoenix to San Francisco. Surly crews with terrible service. Those two flights drained me more than the flight to Hong Kong despite having less than half the travelling time combined. Most flights are fairly pleasant if unremarkable. Despite the hits and misses I will likely continue flying with Southwest Airlines because they do not charge as many fees and generally speaking do their job with greater efficiency than any other domestic US carrier."
"I flew 10/24 flt 440 FLL to PVD. We actually arrived early! Everyone from baggage check to flight attendants to flight crew were extremely nice. Same way on the trip home on 10/28 flight 3761. Both planes were full but it was organized and ran smoothly. Excellent value (free baggage etc). I would take Southwest again just based on the employee attitudes."
"My husband for the first time booked three flights with Southwest. We flew from Orlando to New Orleans from New Orleans to Dallas then from Dallas back to Orlando. We were very pleased with the service and we agreed that every seat on a Southwest flight IS compatible to flying first class with any other carrier. They all should take note IJS. You must remember to print your boarding pass 24 hours prior to your flight departure this will determine your boarding zone. The check in was so smooth! No need to fly with any other carrier."
"I flew Southwest today for the first time. Flight 905 LGA to Chicago Midway. Easy check in online pre-queue at the airport. Seats are comfortable with decent legroom clean and new aircraft professional cabin crew. Left 5 min late due ramp congestion but arrived in Midway 20 min earlier. Will fly with them again and certainly would recommend."
"This was our first time with Southwest round-trip from DEN-LAX both flights left and arrived on time. There were no problems or delays with boarding. Check-in and baggage check-in very efficient. This was wonderful considering that we have often flown United USAir American Delta and not once did the plane leave on time and had problems with loading. The crew were polite and courteous unlike those other US airlines we have flown."
"SFO-LAS. First time flying Southwest! The crew were hilarious. Great quick flight - left and arrived on time boarding was quick and efficient and the baggage arrived quickly. Loved this airline and would happily fly them as my carrier of choice for my next trip to America."
"I'm Executive Platinum with AA and as we live in Austin AA is usually our carrier of choice. Recent trip to LAS we booked Southwest for the non-stops on this round trip. Never been on Southwest before and I was sure they were not going to match AA. Paid for Early Boarding and received low A group boarding on both flights. Their airport kiosks for bag drop is very user friendly and both flights were the fastest check in I've experienced. I don't mind paying baggage fees when I have to but the 2 bags free policy was a nice change. Boarding was organized and everyone paid close attention as where to stand in line. The planes are very clean and the seats for coach are great. Standard legroom and the open seating was fine for this trip. Very fast boarding they may be on to something here. Fast on board service without carts in the aisle. Overall a very nice trip and would easily use Southwest again for certain trips out of Austin. They do serve a niche."
"Another pleasant set of flights on Southwest. BUF-LAS 737-700 LAS-BUF 737-800 (Sky interior with larger overhead bins). Got the seats with double leg room on both flights even with an A30/A37 boarding number. Glad I paid for Early-bird check-in. ($12.50 US each way). Bag drop a bit slow in BUF - can't understand why they don't have a dedicated bag drop line. All flights on time. Drink/snack service on all legs with an additional water service on the longer legs. Luggage delivered quickly at LAS and BUF. Already planning my next trip on Southwest."
"I have traveled Southwest for years. Always good service and friendly flight attendants. Recently I flew from Omaha to Las Vegas. I arrived at McCarran Airport at approximately 12.10pm. I had to get to my shuttle location by 12.30pm otherwise I would have to wait until 2pm to catch the next shuttle. I didn't think that there was anyway I could catch the 12.30pm shuttle because of the time to get the baggage off the plane. To my complete amazement the luggage arrived very quickly and I was able to get to the shuttle that left at 12.30pm."
"I've flown 12 separate flights on Southwest over the last 5 months and I have always found the flights to be pleasant. The line-up seating encourages passengers to interact and the crew have always been friendly and helpful. The on-board wi-fi for $8/day was well worth the expense and can be off-set by the fact that there is no charge for up to two 50 lb bags! Granted there is no 5-star service but Southwest provides an enjoyable experience for a great price."
"OAK - HOU round trip 73Fs both ways and I was in Seat 5F going and 4F on the return. Evolve Interior not bad and my only complaint is a lack of power ports. Cute cookies. Staff not at all bad. Only real complaint was that outbound flight was delayed but they made up for the delay in the air so even though I literally ran through HOU I did pick up my rental car before they closed for the day."
"August 2013 DEN-OMA-DEN. Travelled to Omaha for business trip. Plane about 80% full both flights. First time in a long time-actually can't remember when-both flights arrived on time. FAs very pleasant and helpful really nothing to criticize; would recommend based on punctuality alone."
"LAX-DEN-MKE-LAX. All flights worked a treat except a delay out of Denver due to fog of all things - and Denver sits at 5000 feet! Paid for early check-in and was in low A group every time. Once you understand their system and its quite logical SW is a great airline to fly with."
"I flew from Albany NY to Oakland CA to get married. When the crew found out I was getting married I was presented with a bottle of Korbel champagne! What a lovely gesture from an airline that puts service first."
"Non-stop from Rochester to Orlando. Friendly crew. We traveled with our two children one being a toddler. The staff were friendly and courteous and checked on us several times. We didn't have any delays except on return and it was only ten minutes. I would definitely fly Southwest again!"
"Great flight. Flew from TPA-MDW non-stop. Nothing bad on the whole flight. Had a slight delay because there was a passenger who could not find his seat. Flight had an early arrival. Would fly again."
"I fly every other week and have been a loyal SW customer for years. I have however noticed that more and more recently over the past year that my flights are delayed. I'm not sure if its an issue that arose from the AirTran acquisition or just their rapid expansion and growth but something is definitely amiss. More frequent and longer delays have me worried about the future and continuing to use SW exclusively. I have found that the best way to avoid said delays is taking one of the first few flights of the day avoiding delays that seem not to stem from weather/mechanical issues but rather confusion that just seems to pick up steam throughout the day. If you don't like to wake up early bring a good book!"
"Nashville-New Orleans on July 1st. Slightly delayed due to weather where the incoming plan left from but after that it was good. Free soft drink snack and checked bag can't believe Ryanair are based on Southwest worlds apart."
"My flight to Chicago from Ft. Lauderdale via St. Louis 5/12-13/2013 was interrupted by extremely bad weather in Chicago at MDW. Southwest staff were very involved in getting myself and all the other passengers on Flt 352 to our destination. I did arrive late but did indeed arrive and so did my luggage."
"23-27 May 2013 Columbus OH - CMH to Ft. Lauderdale FL - FLL. Southwest is our preferred airline and we fly 3-5 times a year. Every time we've used another airline (because someone else was booking the flights or Southwest flights for the times we needed were full) we've regretted it. When we first flew Southwest it took us awhile to get used to how seats are chosen because we'd always flown airlines that had assigned seats. Now we just pay the extra $10 per person for early boarding and make friends with the people around us who are waiting to board. We love how friendly the flight crews are and that their fun personalities come through during the flights. They are funny personable helpful. During one flight there was loud knocking on the outside of the plane which caused the plane to be re-routed to change planes. Southwest gave us a credit for the trouble without us asking."
"I had a connection in ATL on my way to BWI after taxiing out we went back to the gate with mechanical issues. The de-icer warning light came on. They told us we would have to wait for the plane to be fixed as there were no available planes after de-boarding they said they had found another plane for us. It got us to our destination 5 hours late I missed my shuttle and had to rent a car to arrive at my destination on time. I called SWA and they willingly issued me a travel voucher for $300 to cover the cost of the car. I was happy with this compromise although cash would have been best. The crew etc were fine no issues there. The only thing I can say and it might be too critical is I would have expected them to be more proactive about reimbursing for the inconvenience."
"CLE-MCI with a stopover at MDW. The flight crew were attentive and nice and the plane a Boeing 737-700 was very clean."
"I'm consistency taking Southwest out of Midway to a variety of different places (LAX PHX ABQ DEN HOU LAS) and its usually the redeye. I can always judge the best and worst of airlines based on their customer service during their redeye hours. Airlines staff have always been friendly and accommodating. My partner for example was feeling ill after a trip and he was granted an early boarding pass after explaining his situation to the boarding crew. You also can't beat two free bags and no change fees; I was able to use the funds from a canceled flight towards another. Rewards program is pretty good too especially if you have a Southwest card."
"RNO-ONT-RNO. All flights on time if not a little early. Staff pleasant ground crew pleasant. Made a brief stop in Vegas on the way to Ontario and a brief stop in Oakland on the way back. Very quick turn around times. Full flights on all sectors and staff even managed to do a quick beverage service on a 35 minute flight. Southwest has a good product and I will continue to be a pleased customer."
"Take Southwest weekly from Portland OR to Las Vegas. Flights in the morning have been on time. Late night returns have run from 45 mins to 2 hours delayed. Flight crews are excellent and professional. 4 non-stops between Portland and Las Vegas during the work week 2 bags checked bags free and no change fees keep me a loyal customer. Besides the later return flights and Southwest frequent schedule changes I have nothing but praise for this airline."
"Excellent fare! I flew round-trip from DAL (Dallas Love Field) to SEA (Seattle) for $228. round-trip. All flights arrived within 10 minutes of scheduled times. The flights in both directions stopped in Albuquerque. Inflight service was consistent. We had crew changes in ABQ in both directions. Although all crews were fine some were better than others."
"We had an issue with our tickets and time our flight was to leave Indy Southwest had cancelled our original flight but had not notified us that our flight was leaving at 6.45 vs 8.10 therefore we missed our flight. The Southwest staff at Indy were very apologetic and helpful they placed on the next flight out which was a direct flight bought us breakfast and gave us vouchers to use in the future. Flight crew on this flight were excellent!"
"I have taken several flights recently from Denver to Burbank CA. Each time we left on time and usually arrival ahead of time. The Early Bird Check-in is well worth the few dollars. Having two free bags to check-in enabled me to avoid the part I usually dread - hoisting the bag into the overhead locker. The customer service was great! The other thing I really appreciate is having porters at the airport to check in the bags."
"Five flights over the last two weeks Islip to BWI to ATL to MDW to LAX then San Diego to Oakland all left and arrived on time effortless check in. Comfortable seats and reasonable leg room. All in all an experience that beats all other US domestic carriers. I have platinum elite status with another carrier here but for domestic flights Southwest beat them hands down."
"Last Monday (3/18/13) flight 1990 from SNA to SJC was 20 minutes late and this raised the possibility that the plane would not be able to take off before the 10pm airport curfew. The gate agent repeatedly motivated us to expedite our boarding. The flight took off before the curfew and the cabin crew provided their usual friendly service during flight. We arrived at SJC only 10 minutes behind schedule despite the late departure. For non-stop flights this airline remains my top choice for domestic flights."
"Took two flights with Southwest during March - New Orleans to Nashville and Nashville to Newark. We were delayed a few hours on the Nashville-Newark trip due to bad weather but were kept informed at all times and we were impressed by the good humour and personalities of the flight and cabin crew. Definitely worthwhile checking in online 24 hours prior to flight as you can get a good position in the queue for boarding. Overall a great budget option comparable to our home grown equivalent Virgin Australia. We were rewarded with a $100 travel voucher for the delay from Nashville also - much appreciated. Would definitely recommend Southwest."
"We flew from MSP into Las Vegas and had a great flight. Staff at the check in gate were friendly and had a sense of humor! Staff aboard plane were helpful and had a smile! A pleasant change from many airlines we have flown on. The fact that there is no extra baggage fee free snack and free beverage just added to the enjoyment of the flight. Our plane out of Las Vegas was delayed and the connecting flight in Denver actually waited for us! We'll book again."
"BUF-MSP-BUF (Feb 28/Mar 8). Excellent value for money and definitely a winning proposition hands down when compared to flying from Pearson (YYZ). Both legs arrived before time. Efficient operation with crew (both apt and air) always on the ball with updates. On the return leg they scheduled a Boeing 737-900 (bright and with lots of overhead cabin space) to accommodate the additional load due to storm cancellation the day before. BUF and MDW do not have the best options for food but you can always find something ok. Don't count on much for breakfast at MSP if flying out early."
"Traveling from MCO to BDL plane had a mechanical problem at MCO and we were forced into a delay of 4 hours. They gave every passenger a $200 voucher for the inconvenience. As usual fantastic crew and even provided us with free cocktails."
"March 8th our air travel with another carrier completely fell through (weather related issues). We went to the Southwest ticket counter to see if there was any possibility they could help us. Several different options were given even though we had a tight schedule and were looking to leave ASAP! Once aboard the flight the bins had great room (although some people really do push the size of their carry-on to ridiculous proportions). Seats were comfortable (even for my husband who has a bad leg) snacks were good and the inflight crew were great!"
"CMH-MDW-LGA return. Definitely a value airline when the tickets are purchased well in advance at a cheap price. Southwest offers up to 2 free baggage check-ins and that definitely beats most other airlines who charge extra for checked-in baggage. You get a free drink and peanuts/pretzels so cannot complain. The real negative thing about WN may be its inability to accrue miles on major mileage systems. They have their own system but the benefits are quite limited even when you become the A-list. Another downside of WN may be its tight operation of aircraft's. As they operate on such a tight schedule one delay could trigger something like a domino effect. My final concern is about the seating order as somehow more and more people seems to be getting priority status so even a web check-in well in advance will barely get you in the A section. As a matter of fact I have been hearing that even with Early Bird Check-in purchase the seating order may turn out to be worse than you expected. Definitely something WN may have to work on."
"Several flights over the last couple of months the most recent which was DAL-STL-BWI-LIT-DAL. Online check-in and bag check has been painless crews have been friendly and occasionally even entertaining and all flights have either been on-time if not a little early. Flights have been on a variety of 737s (300 500 and 700 series) both with the new and old seats. All seats provide 32-33\" pitch and better legroom than most domestic carriers. However planes with the newer seats can be a little uncomfortable on the thighs after 3 hours or so beware on longer flights. Price of WiFi has recently been increased to $8 or $5 for streaming TV/movies only but you can access Southwest.com a shopping site and a flight tracker for free. Free soft drinks are provided along with either peanuts/pretzels and/or a bag of chips (only on longer flights). I paid for EarlyBird on some flights checked in exactly 24 hours before on others and forgot a couple of times and checked in a few hours after. Beware that if you either don't pay for EarlyBird or forget to check-in exactly 24 hours in advance you will end up in the mid-B group and you will have your carry-on checked as bin space runs out by that point. Also on the most recent DAL-STL leg I got stuck with a B boarding pass despite paying for EarlyBird. Otherwise no real problems at all."
"Flew round-trip St Louis to Omaha. Both flights left on time and arrived even a little early. FAs were friendly and smiled. I checked in online 24 hours before and got a good boarding number both times. The planes were clean and the leather seats were comfortable. All in all Southwest is a good product."
"I question Southwest Airline's Earlybird Check-in. Today's flight from Ft. Myers Florida to Philadelphia PA Flight 1431. I had booked and purchased \"Earlybird\" check-in back on 8/22/12. I was given Boarding Pass #B- 4. I sat next to someone who did not have \"Earlybird Check-in and checked-in hours before the flight and was given Boarding Pass A-36. This is not the first time this has happened to me."
"SJC (San Jose CA) to SNA (Orange County CA) on Dec 31 2012 return Jan 2 2013. Both flights within 15 minutes of scheduled departure time. Orderly boarding gate agents professionally enforcing the A–B–C boarding-group sequence. Power outlets at the SNA gates seating areas! On-line check-in exactly 24 hours before both flights gave me an 'A' boarding group on both flights. Pilots and Flight Attendants announcements were a nice mix of professional and funny. Both flights were brief (less than 60 minutes in the air) but FA's still managed to give us a free drink and a peanut/pretzel snack. Two suitcases flew for free. To top things off these flights were by far the most economical option for this round-trip trek. For domestic direct flights Southwest continues to be my preferred carrier."
"Recently flew from Dallas Love Field to Louisville Ky with multiple stops round-trip. All flights were on time with consistent inflight service. The boarding process was fair and orderly. I had an A boarding number on both flights while checking in exactly 24 hours before departure."
"Reno - Vegas - Reno. As usual all went well and we were informed of any delays which were only 15 minutes or so. Good service on both flights. Crew were genuine and helpful. Ground staff pleasant and you still can't beat the two free checked bags. Southwest has a good product and will continue to get my business."
"Flew from Albany NY to LAX via Chicago MDW and returned a week later. On time flights good service pleasant crews and no baggage problems on any of the 4 flights. Most of the cabin crews showed a refreshing sense of humor. Nice airline to fly. Flew \"Business Select\"."
"ORF-MDW. 737-700 was clean and nice. Snacks served the seats were comfortable leather and FA's were attentive and helpful. Departed and landed on time. Only complaint: With the open seating my mother and I were put in boarding group B31-60 and couldn't sit together."
"My latest roundtrip from SJC-PHX-SJC was as usual excellent. Flights left on time and arrived early. Customer service on the ground and onboard was excellent with pleasant staff. Checked in bags free for the first two on this airline arrived intact and quickly. A superb experience when compared with the so-called full service domestic carriers within the US."
"RNO-DEN-RNO. All went well. On time except for return flight in which they held the plane 15 minutes for some connecting passengers that were on their way. We were kept informed. Crew were pleasant on all flights. The captain stood by the exit and said his thank you as we all exited. Baggage arrived safely except mine was covered in snow in Denver."
"BWI-DFW-BWI in Big Front Seats. Had misgivings about flying Spirit but decided to give them a chance due to perfect non-stop flight schedule for my meetings and cost savings (Spirit was half the price even after paying extra fees to carry-on bag and Big Front Seat equivalent to a standard US domestic first class seat). Pleasantly surprised: reasonably orderly boarding experience new airplane clean cabin professional crew and on-time flights both ways. Would fly them again."
"San Diego to San Francisco. Just how a budget airline should operate. No frills but easy check in comfortable seats clean plane on time departure and a sensible boarding system. Never used before but very impressed and all for just $50."
"Connecting flight from Indianapolis to Austin. No choice but to fly. Got to Dallas and have been stuck on the tarmac for over 2 hours and counting. I could have driven from Dallas to Austin. The car is faster less hassle and more reliable for these trips. I have to travel back to Dallas tomorrow and you can bet it will be on 4 wheels!"
"San Jose CA [SJC] to Seattle WA [SEA] on 10/10/12 returning on 10/14/12. Flight time is only 1:45 and maybe this is why I didn't mind having no video or audio entertainment there was WiFi access available for purchase. First time dealing with their reservations system via phone and the process of re-booking was quick clear and painless. Flights were on time cabin crew friendly and efficient soft drink peanuts and cheese crackers were free and my checked bag was free. I look forward to flying with them again for the holidays in December."
"I travel from the Washington area to Denver several times a year. Previously I used United but I am increasingly using Southwest. The flights are cheaper and the quality of service is higher. My only complaint about Southwest is that the seat could have used a little more padding. I realize delays due to weather or other problems occur but United lies about the cause."
"Flew round-trip SJC-LAS-SJC outbound on Sep 11 (flight 328) returning on Sep 14 (flight 259). The outbound flight was delayed 4 hours. Initially we had to wait for a couple of hours due to bad weather in LAS. That issue is not the airline's responsibility of course. However after we were told that LAS airport was open again we were delayed by about an hour because staff were not able to match the people on board with their passenger manifest. Cabin crew went through the cabin 3 times counting the number of passengers. A ground staff member went through the plane and checked our ID's one by one. Passengers were getting irritated as the clock ticked. Eventually they figured out that 1) a passenger made it into the plane without turning in a boarding pass and 2) a passenger was now without ID because the ground person checking the ID's left the aircraft with the ID and did not return it to the passenger. / Overall I think it was \"nicely done under the circumstances\" but the ground/gate agent(s) made things harder for the passengers and the cabin crew. The return flight from LAS to SJC was uneventful. The airfare was substantially cheaper than their competition and service was nice once we got airborne. I still recommend SWA to my friends and relatives for short non-stop trips."
"LAX-OAK on a 737-300. Even though the flight was under an hour they gave us a free soft drink as well as a snack. Flight attendants good. Got good value for money flights very cheap and bags were free."
"Flew SW from Denver to Philadelphia on 7 September. Flight was delayed by an hour due to weather in the Philadelphia area but we were kept informed of changes which was good. Boarding was nowhere near as stressful as I imagined (compared to the UK low cost carriers) and managed to get a window seat. Seats are very comfortable with adequate legroom certainly as much as any other airline in economy. Crew were very friendly and attentive throughout the flight. Free soft drinks and as many snacks as you wanted were given out though no IFE. This flight had WI-FI which was good. Overall a pretty good flight which I would happily do again."
"I flew with them last month between Las Vegas and Orange County. I have to say for a budget airline they include hold bags in their ticket price a free non-alcoholic beverage and a bag of peanuts that's more our European equivalents offer. A very comfortable leather seat with generous leg room and nice flight attendants. Checking in at the airport without my confirmation number to hand was easier than I first thought. The check in agent picked up on the fact I was not a non U.S citizen and checked us in."
"I flew from Boston to Baltimore on Aug 28 aboard a 737-700. Great experience all around. All staff friendly and helpful. Plane was clean seats in good shape. Very comfortable seats. All pax had arrived at the gate early so we boarded and pushed back almost 15 minutes early so of course we arrived early. Short easy flight but they still offered complementary peanuts and soda water or juice. This plane was Row 44 WiFi equipped so it was available for $5. I didn't try it because it was just a 55 minute flight. I had a great experience with Southwest no hesitation to fly them again."
"ORF-CLE with a stopover at Chicago Midway. On the first leg of the journey it was a Boeing 737-700 and the flight attendants were fun to be around. Leather seats were nice and comfy and the drinks were good. They even gave out complimentary bags of peanuts which most airlines don't do any more. On the flight to Cleveland it was a 737-300 which was older but nice we got peanuts again."
"I have been on 6 flights in two days and all flights have been top notch. Take off on time arrive early. Boarding fast and hassle free. The gate staff are nice as are flight crew. I am really impressed and highly recommend SWA."
"LAX-MDW-IAD-TUC-LAX. First the bad - 4 hour delay at Midway and only found out about it after peering into gate agents screen. Line-up by numbers worked well and even with a C 10 we managed to get a window seat (at the back). Snacks quite good and booze cheap. On the 4 hour delay flight (to IAD) there were only around 20 of us left and FA's did their level best to help us all out and make us comfortable. I think they were on the 12th hour of a long day. Better than most US domestics in my opinion."
"ONT-OAK and later SMF-ONT. For the first flight we booked a 2-3 weeks in advance (unfortunately just as fares jumped as seemed to occur every few days) and paid the $10 \"Early Bird\" fee but still had numbers in the low 40s. So no chance of bulkhead or emergency row. Did better on the second flight and managed to get first row bulkhead seats. Free drinks but only a cup (you don't get the can). Flights were pretty much on time."
"MCO-PHL return. Flight to PHL was only 15 minutes late leaving after posting a two-hour delay. The return left on time. Two free checked bags a cup of soda and snacks plus overhead comedy via funny flight attendants. My only qualm is the boarding; had A positions but on the flight to Orlando a large group (who were holding C) blocked the path to the gate and wouldn't move and the gate agent just let us walk around them instead of asking them to move. As the gate area was crowded this cause some problems getting to the check-in desk. But overall not bad."
"Flew between Denver and Salt Lake City. Crew were funny and helpful telling jokes during most public announcements. Plane arrived on time and was much cheaper as an option than other airlines. The only criticism I had was you must have your booking reference to hand if you go to the desk for check in as they don't appear to have it \"in the system\" if you just give them your name but this may have changed."
"We can all agree the airline industry is at an all time low. My experience with SWA yesterday restores my faith that someone cares about passengers. A four hr delay at Midway - airport staff were apologetic and sincere the crew were accommodating and we received an unexpected $100 voucher. SWA used to be the cheapest but the fares have gone up. I believe to cover free baggage. But in our case it was cheaper because the fees on the other airlines made their flights higher. I know their are a lot of complaints about seats. I used to hate SWA for that reason. I also don't like that the 24hr checkin still gives you only an A30 at best since they sell the first half of the A seats now for business select or a fee. But if you check in early you still have a good selection. The other airlines are sneakier. You may get an assigned seat but do you really have a choice? Most of my recent flights have shown me a chart selection of all centre seats and the aisles and windows for sale! Not a good way to build loyal customers."
"Round Trip Newark to Denver. All flights on time. Boarded with A group. Completely uneventful and not exciting flights. Cheapest air fare and bags free is a big plus. All in all a quality experience if bland."
"I fly frequently for my business. Southwest usually has the cheapest fares and the fact that bags fly free. Their \"Open Seat\" boarding policy is a little different since they are one of the only airlines that have this policy. I do see both sides of the arguments where you like to know where you seating upon booking the flight but also love the freedom of choosing your own seat as you get on the plane. The earlier you check in the better the chance of getting the seat of your preference. I hardly ever experience rudeness from staff. Flight attendants often add in comedic little quips in their safety instruction demonstration which I saw as quite amusing. When it comes to flying for me 75% of the time I fly with Southwest."
"6/08/12 Flew from LAX (Los Angeles) to LAS (Las Vegas). Flight was delayed by 20 minutes which was not even bad. We were further delayed in the air for 20 more minutes because President Obama was landing at the same airport as we were. Other than that the flight attendants were courteous the seats were decent had good leg room (I'm 6.2\"). Returned on 6/12/12 LAS to LAX. The incoming Flight was delayed for 2.5hrs due to bad weather from the region it was coming from. I got my round trip ticket for $90. I'll definitely fly again!"
"I have flown Southwest a number of times now. I have never experienced a problem with their staff whatsoever. I just got back from a trip from KMCO (Orlando) to KPIT (Pittsburgh) I am a student pilot myself so when we landed I asked one of the flight attendants if I could peek in the flight deck and they were very nice. The seats are all leather with adequate leg room. That is coming from a guy over 6 feet tall. I like the fact that Southwest does not separate the cabin by class. Apparently recently they began offering Nilla wafers as an In-Flight snack. I did not particularly care for them. Bottom line I would recommend flying Southwest. You can get a round trip ticket for $200."
"LAX to Vegas to Burbank. On time seats very comfortable cheerful staff. Very laid back feel. The only downfall is no entertainment and planes seem a little old. Great for the price."
"Flew SWA for the first time between Boston and St Louis for business. On the way out to STL I had a non- stop however on the return I had to fly through BWI (Baltimore). Nevertheless both flights were pleasant and I was very impressed with their overall care of their paying customers. Will definitely fly them again."
"Two round trips so far have been excellent in every respect: on time easy boarding pleasant crew (glad to say official flight time is under 2 hours; can't comment on comfort on a longer haul.) Of course SW is known for the several special ways it rises above the competition: consistently cheap fares (at least for our route) those two pieces of free checked baggage and the free reservation changes. Easy to use website is another nice advantage. As I mentioned among us we will likely be doing 6 or more round trips on this SW route each year for a while so I will be sure to review again if any of the above changes."
"RNO-DEN-IAD-BWI-LAS-RNO. Good fares pleasant staff on-time for the most part and when a delay comes up we are informed. This trip held true to that again. But my only issue on this trip and it is not a fault but rather a comment. Flying cross country non-stop on a 737 for 5 hours is a bit brutal. We did get on a brand new 737-800 for the longest sector from BWI to LAS which was nice but still a very long trip on a small plane that was packed to the hilt. The crew were pleasant on all sectors. The ground staff at BWI were great and the Skycap had us laughing. All in all a good product with no complaints really. Just remember to buy a meal before you get on a long flight and if you don't mind a long flight on a small plane then Southwest is the way to go. Plus you can't beat the two free check-in bags."
"We fly SWA on all occasions from San Jose CA to Ontario CA. We have a 5 year old and this is where my comment comes in. Thinking my son has passed the pre-boarding age we ignored the PA announcement and waited in line. The gate agent spotted my family and I and came to personally asked us to board along with the other pre-boarders. Because of this gesture we now minimized flying Alaska Airlines. These two airlines were our sources for price comparisons whenever we do our travel. Now we don't even bother as the prices are relatively similar and go directly to SWA."
"Southwest are a cheap and cheerful airline and you get what you pay for. The cabin crew are generally friendly and helpful the aircraft's clean although seating is tight as you would expect on a budget airline. Over the past couple of years I have flown 7 sectors with them and my only complaint is with the ground check-in staff. They are with rare exception a miserable unhelpful lot who seem to think their faces would break if they smiled. The check-in system is different to what I am used to and the counter staff seemed to look down their noses in disdain when I was not sure how things worked. Would I fly with them again probably not there are a lot of other airlines competing for the same business."
"OAK-ABQ return. From Oakland check-in was quick but security was a hassle inflight they offered stale Nilla wafers and the usual drinks so admittedly that part was very ordinary. Staff were very nice though and seemed to like their jobs and the seats were very comfortable. The return from Albuquerque was pretty much the same except better security more drink runs but less room. Still it gets the job well done and at a great price and it flies out of Oakland. I'll come back even it isn't high-frills."
"DCA to Islip NY on US Airways Express/Republic Airlines/Air Wisconsin (these three names were either on the plane or my ticket) and it was not a good experience. BWI to Islip my normal way to get there on Southwest is professional clean easy to book and I get an overall confident feeling that they all know what they are doing. It took being lured into the DCA/US Airways flight by the relative convenience to see the other side but I learned my lesson. I'll drive the 50 miles to get to BWI from now on."
"We travelled on three different legs with Southwest recently and were very impressed with the friendly crew clean and comfortable plane free baggage and the plane left and arrived on time or early on each occasion. On two of three legs we paid the extra $10 for priority boarding - well worth as the flight was quite cheap compared to other airlines in the first place. The free drink and nuts were a bonus."
"I usually enjoy travelling on Southwest I like the relaxed and friendly crew. The free checked bag policy is really a plus. The boarding and open seating policy is speedy and efficient and its no problem finding seats for the family together if you check-in online 24 hours in advance. The coffee if free and as much as you want seconds and thirds on snacks too. 5$ in-flight Wifi is great for doing work. Not so great for video streaming though. The seats are comfortable enough I never get uncomfortable."
"In the past two weeks I flew Southwest cross country and also another major airline. The contrast between Southwest and this other airline was unreal. Friendly courteous organized on time generous with baggage check (no fees for first 2) generous with snacks/drinks. The only reason I took another airline in the first place was because Southwest didn't fly to the location I had to visit."
"We flew Southwest with our 3 young boys. Extremely nervous because my older son is peanut and peanut dust allergic. Flight attendants were aware and made the flight peanut free. Our 1st plane was freshly cleaned we were able to pre-board. Seats are leather so made it easier to clean. Our return flight flight attendants also made sure no peanuts were served the check-in counter confirmed his allergy was in the system and everyone was aware. We also pre-boarded and on both flights sat in bulkhead seats. Southwest was great extremely considerate and very professional."
"Besides the obvious advantages of reasonable prices 2 free checked bags and free coffee tea water soda and snacks on flights what you need to know about Southwest is that they are almost always on time and quite often arrive early. We have never had a problem with luggage - checked or carried on. Flight staff are pleasant Seats aren't the roomiest ever but flights aren't that long."
"Recently took 7 Southwest flights within the USA and could not complain about one of them. They don't have select seating but as they are usually short flights it doesn't matter. All flights were on time and the staff very friendly."
"Newark-Denver return. Outbound flight on time checked in easily online and bag drop and boarding was swift. Cabin crew were excellent and very attentive. Complimentary drinks were great and snacks were good. A meal for the 3.5 hour flight would have been more substantial. Flight back was 3 hours late. We checked in online without difficulty. Bag drop and boarding was just as swift and the crew were excellent. Legroom both ways was well above what you get with most low cost airlines."
"My wife and I recently flew from Newark to Reno via Chicago (Midway) and then Reno to Newark with a connection in Phoenix. The boarding process was simple and quick flight attendants on all 4 planes were very courteous. Our plane from Phoenix was delayed 15 minutes however we landed on time. The other 3 flights all landed early. Pleasant experience highly recommended."
"SMF-ONT. Southwest is the only airline non-stop on this route. Check-in was fairly quick. We paid $10 for early check-in and still weren't near the front of the line but managed to get emergency row seats. Service was fine. Nothing special but flight was just an hour long. Flight was on time and our luggage arrived safely."
"Houston to Newark roundtrip. Two free 50lb checked bags and a carry on and large purse. Staff are friendly planes always clean and leg room is good. They have been updating their fleet with newer restrooms cabin interior and wifi. They give free soda juice water and snacks. Charge for alcohol and energy drinks."
"IND to MSY with a layover in MCO round trip. Flight attendants had conversations with passengers which gave all 4 of my flights a friendly atmosphere. All but 1 of my flights arrived early. Make sure you check-in as soon as you can so you aren't stuck with a middle seat."
"LAX-LAS. Flight left/arrived on time. Quick 45 min flight from LA to Vegas free drink and snack served. Leg room ok as flight was completely full. Southwest allow 2 free checked bags as opposed to most other US airlines who charge for checked baggage."
"BUF-LAX (via PHX) SAN-SFO and SFO-BUF (with a stop in MDW along the way). Paid $125 each way between BUF and LAX and between SFO and BUF and $49 for SAN-SFO. Fare included 2 free checked bags. Excellent value for price paid! All my flights arrived early and were operated by newish 737-700's. All flights (except SFO-BUF) were packed but I got the bulkhead window seats which were very comfortable. FA's were friendly especially on the BUF-PHX and MDW-BUF legs. Having Internet on my long return flight made the time fly by and for the most part it worked very well."
"SJC to SNA return. I checked in online for both flights early enough to get an \"A35\" boarding position for both flights and that was good enough to get seats in an emergency exit aisle with great legroom. Both flights on time and flight attendants efficient and friendly. There is no inflight entertainment unless you bring a laptop to use their WiFi and you still get a free soft drink and peanuts/pretzels. Being able to check-in a suitcase for free is fantastic nowadays! I would rate the seat comfort very good."
"Chicago Midway to Boston return. Flights operated by a relatively new 737-700. Both on time. Leg room is generous for a low cost carrier. Flight attendants were polite and efficient. I was allowed to check in two 50lb bags for free and to take a carry-on bag as well. Seats were comfortable and leg room decent especially for a low cost. We were served a complimentary snack and offered non-alcoholic beverages with free re-fills. Boarding was efficient. My only quirk with Southwest is that they do not have assigned seating hence getting a preferred seat is tricky unless you pay the extra $10 and get early boarding. I had not done that but in hindsight I think the extra $10 is well worth it (especially if you want a window seat). I highly recommend Southwest due to their efficiency friendly staff and complimentary beverages."
"BUF-TPA return flights on time. B737-700 to Tampa and 737-500 back to Buffalo both quite clean although B737-500 showing its age. FA's friendly especially on the way back to Buffalo. The extra $10 for early boarding was well worth it on return - ended up with a mid \"A\" boarding group number and got the Exit seat with about 3 feet of legroom in front - if you're tall this is the seat you want. My home airport is Toronto but I'll drive to Buffalo for fares that are generally half the price of flying out of Toronto."
"BOI-SNA round trip. Took my 4 year old son. We had no problems whatsoever on our flights. Connected in Las Vegas heading to SNA then Phoenix heading back to Boise. Flight from SNA to PHX was overbooked but since I was travelling with a 4 year old we got on right after the \"A\" group. I thought the boarding process was odd and I prefer assigned seating but I saved so much money on the lack of baggage fees it was worth it to me. Seats were more comfortable and I had more legroom than on other airlines I've flown. I'd fly SWA again for sure."
"SAN-PHX roundtrip. The flight from SAN to PHX was delayed at the gate for 40 minutes in San Diego. The plane however was a new refurbished looking 737-700. Very comfortable. The flight back was on an old worn looking 737-300. The flight was a little bumpy to begin with but it got smoother as we went along. We arrived on time at the gate in SAN. Cabin crew were friendly both ways."
"DEN-LAX to connect with international flight on another carrier. On-time flight was most important. Staff at check-in gate and onboard was pleasant and professional. Clean aircraft. Seat pitch comfortable for 6-foot passenger. Fare same as other carriers but \"Bags fly free\" saved our family $60."
"IND-BWI and BWI-IND. First trip was on a Boeing 737-700 aircraft. Seats a little worn but plane was clean. The flight was rather empty so had three seats to myself. The crew was okay prefer flight attendants to be dressed professionally rather than casual. The flight on the way back was full plane arrived on time in BWI and crew was much better this time round. Plane an older Boeing 737-500 I believe but it was clean and inviting. I got two drinks and a snack which was quite nice."
"LAX-MSP-LAX. A bit quirky typical boarding procedure (line-ups on either side of numbered poles at the gates) smart-alec announcements from both pilots and flight attendants etc. However a value product: no checked baggage fees free snacks coffee and soft drinks reasonable prices for alcohol. Comfortable seating accommodating flight attendants clean airplanes and dependable service on the ground as well as in the air. All four segments of my trip were packed crew remained hospitable and efficient."
"Albany to Orlando. Leg room is tight seats not spacious but neither are they overly uncomfortable. Service was excellent. Humorous dialogue and an over all sharp wit one staff member was funny. He alone would make me choose Southwest again but the airline also provided a good value and pleasant trip overall. Free snacks and beverage was a nice change from some other airlines as well."
"ONT-SMF roundtrip. Overall good flight but they definitely need to add TV's on long haul flights. Anyway good airline and cheerful crew."
"Both our flights were on time and we had no hassles or problems. Our flight was only about 2 hrs long and we were a little crowded (not tons of leg room etc). I can see where this might be more of a problem for a longer flight but for us it was fine. The plane cabin seats etc. were nothing fancy but they were perfectly adequate and clean - all we needed for a family trip to Florida. Great value for the price - we had a good experience and will definitely fly Southwest in the future."
"DTW-MDW-GSP. Paid extra $10 to get early/priority check-in. Still ended up with boarding numbers in the high 20s. Managed to get one front row and one exit row seat for the first flight and two exit row seats for the second flight. At DTW there were lots of passengers in wheelchairs and a woeful lack of airline personnel available to take them onboard so boarding took a while. Flight into GSP not only took off on time but arrived 30 mins early. It is not always the cheapest option especially if you are adding the $10 earlybird check-in fee but in this case it worked out fine. Still not sure if I like their boarding system since it results in our standing up longer than with other airlines."
"Raleigh to Newark via Baltimore Washington. Had great seats on each flight with friendly crews. Nice experience with smooth trips."
"My first time flying domestically in the USA LAS-LAX on a $39 fare. I did online check-in the day before and was in the second boarding group. Got a row to myself. Check-in process well organised all automated at the kiosk and then your name is called to drop off your bag at a counter. Flight attendants cheerful for the early hour impressed with being allowed 2 checked bags free."
"I am 16 years old and recently travelled with Southwest by myself. I was nervous as this was only my second time flying. I flew SAT to BWI return. I found all of the staff to be courteous and the pilot made regular announcements. Even though there was a delay at BWI the staff kept everyone informed they quickly boarded us and flight actually was shorter than expected. I liked the open seating by paying the extra $10 for early check in I was in the first boarding group and got a window seat on both flights."
"I have flown over 100 flights on Southwest and have not had a bad flight. Back in the old days when the first in line got to board first we always arrived early to get the best seats. Now that Southwest issues boarding numbers we always pay the extra $10 to get priority boarding. The system of having no assigned seats is much more efficient and gets the plane off the ground much faster. Like many others I am disappointed that the Rapid Rewards Program has changed. It was a very generous program now it is similar to most of their competitors."
"Tampa-New Orleans. First time on a US low- cost good price for tickets. Cabin crew friendly flight crew professional. I was impressed with the seat pitch in Economy for a short sector on B737. I am 6 ft 2 inch but was comfortable compared with Transatlantic B777. I always prefer preselection of seating and not sure why SW are averse. I would happily pay a supplement."
"First time with Southwest as they have only recently begun servicing Newark. EWR-SAN connecting in PHX and Chicago-Midway. Booked hotel and rental car as well. Very pleased with the over all experience. Everything was exactly as stated. I enjoyed the extra inch of legroom compared to my usual airline (Continental). Flight attendants friendly and helpful with frequent offerings of refreshments and snacks. I would like to see them expand their Newark service because I would use them any day."
"Southwest avoids punishing customers with extra fees such as change cancellation or bag check fees where possible. If you happen to check your bags late they will accept them and try their best to get them on the plane often faster than you can make it to the gate. If it's too late to check the bags they will place them on the next flight. A-List membership allowed me to bypass check-in and security lines and get preferred boarding almost always resulting in 'first class' seating in the emergency exit row. Companion Pass allowed me to travel around the country with a good friend on the weekends I wasn't commuting for a whole year. Personalized birthday and holiday cards were also nice touches."
"It's very little hassle flights are almost always on time customer service is great. I enjoy the occasional jokes over the PA and the creative ways of doing the safety briefing. I like the first come-first seated policy. In terms of their cabins I find that they have good leg room that's a big selling point for me at 6'2."
"PHX-GEG roundtrip. Stop in OAK each way with change of planes outbound. Good trip all flights on time. Seats comfortable FA's were friendly. Only complaint would be collecting bag in PHX upon return. Took over 45 mins at when only 3-4 other flights there. Apparently the conveyor belt kept jamming but they stopped/started no less than 4 times before it was spitting out bags so fast everyone was having issues getting their bags off the belt."
"Will use this airline again when travelling in the US. We flew San Diego to Las Vegas and SW was the only one that offered a direct flight at less than half the price and as a family of 7 we got to sit together. The flight attendants were very friendly."
"I loved the fact that their system for boarding a plane uses physical structure as well as simple written and verbal directions. It's very effective. I liked that I could choose from multiple snacks and take multiple bags if I wanted. The stewardesses were very friendly."
"I fly Southwest all the time but this particular trip was not so great! I found a really cheap flight with a 1 hr layover which turned into a 3 hr layover. Because my original flight destination time was so late a 3 hr layer had me arriving at 2am when all public transportation (which I use) has ended. I think I should have been compensated for my transportation to the city."
"As a former Northwest/Delta Airlines customer (exclusively) I may be easier to impress. Southwest recently started direct flights between Phoenix and Minneapolis. We purchased tickets in May at what we considered to be very reasonable fare for a roundtrip to celebrate our grandson's second birthday in Minneapolis. My father passed away two weeks prior to our scheduled departure. I called SW seeking assistance. After a brief discussion regarding the circumstances and flight availability the associate announced a fee of $783.00. With the shortest of pauses (I was choosing an appropriate reaction) he asked me to hold while he consulted with a Customer Care agent. A few more questions resulted in a change in three of the four legs of our trip for a total cost of $10."
"I flew SouthWest a number of times between US cities and really like the product they offer. It is low cost and I didn't experience any hidden surprises. I also like the no fuss nature the airplane comes in people get off the next lot get on and it takes off again. It’s great if you just want to get from A to B. The two checked bag allowance is a win as I arrived in the US on an international flight with 2 bags so it was helpful to have these included without additional cost (as many/all other US airlines charged). I will continue to fly SouthWest when I visit the US."
"I've been a Rapid Rewards member since 2000 and have spent time on the A-List (but not there currently.) SWA has consistently been above and beyond all other airlines I've flown (AMR Delta Continental) for customer service and they are much more likely to be on-time and not pulling booking shenanigans. Transparency on the (minimal) fees is a giant plus."
"I fly SouthWest constantly - they aren't perfect but employees are cheerful legroom and storage room at your feet is better than other airlines bags are free and there are no change fees if you need to change a flights."
"Travelled SW for the first time because my son gave me and my husband SW giftcards so we booked a trip to Vegas. We paid the extra $10. each was for early bird seating we got A section between 15 and 30 that was good. I think if you are flying as a couple it is worth the extra so you can sit together. I hear some people are saving seats for their partner which I find to be cheap. Anyway to and from Vegas we had good flights I liked choosing my seat. I will fly SW again as long as SW stays with limited extra fees. I used to fly Continental only but they have imposed more fees than I care to read about. Keep up the good work SW and we will stay loyal to you."
"New Orleans to Las Vegas and Las Vegas to SFO. Excellent experience on both journeys friendly staff on time departures and bags free. I don't understand the benefit of open seating policy but that is the only thing I didn't like. I did however pay $10 extra for early bird-check in and got an \"A\" pass between 15-20 both times. Early-bird check in automatically checks you in 24 hours before the flight thus increasing your chances of an \"A\" boarding pass. In retrospect I would only do this for longer flights when it really does help if you can avoid that middle seat."
"TPA-MSY. I love the fact how the first and second bag are free - and they gave us our boarding passes and took our luggage away when we were still outside. The boarding and seating was a bit crazy but managed well. The small snacks were nice and great service."
"The service is about the same you would get at a decent restaurant seats are soft snacks are tasty no entertainment but no big deal. The flight was smooth and enjoyable. When we were in Baltimore our plane got delayed by a storm in Panama city Florida. At least our bags were free!"
"Baltimore to Buffalo. We were very concerned about being able to deal with my mothers handicaps. From entering the airport in Baltimore to meeting our pick up in Buffalo Southwest was extremely helpful throughout the entire trip and made us very comfortable in our travel. I was very anxious about taking my mother on this trip and they truly came through for us. Thank you Southwest."
"After flying several other airlines to/from locations Southwest does not serve I am reminded how great Southwest's business model truly is. They are reliable honest easy to work with friendly and make travel less stressful. I try to fly Southwest to ensure I don't battle the stress of other airlines."
"Manchester (MHT) to Norfolk (ORF) Business select. Multiple children and elderly on the flight but it was vacation week. Flight took off late landed on time. I would not pay the 225% extra for the BS fare versus the wanna get away fare due to what you receive for that increase but work takes care of it as it is for business. The free drinks are nice even on short hops form BWI to ORF in BS. Only major complaint to Southwest Airlines do not board anyone ahead of Business select class unless they pay the same fare or please place them in rows 4 and up. When you pay $230 for Business select you should board the plane before anyone else especially if they only paid ~$89 for their ticket."
"Baltimore to Boston. As soon as my flight was cancelled during the recent blizzard the agent confirmed me on a flight leaving in 5 minutes to Providence RI while the gate agents for the Providence flight held the flight for me. The flight to Providence RI still arrived pretty much on time despite the blizzard. Southwest delivered my bags to my door the next day. Everyone was courteous from check-in to arrival. I thought this was excellent service and much better than service I have gotten on the major airlines when things go wrong. Also no fees for bags no fees for drinks and pretzels onboard and I hear there are no change fees on this airline either."
"MDW-BDL-MDW. Checkin was fast and so was boarding nice B737. FA's talkative nice low cost airline where bags fly free. Seats comfortable typical American snacks served."
"Denver to San Jose and back. Did not mind grabbing whatever seat as I felt it brought out the best in most people. The staff was friendly seats were for the most part comfortable. All but the back row as those seats do not recline. The only real issue I had was that when we checked in to leave San Jose our tickets Picked up at terminal read gate 22 as well as the board. Yet some time between then and the flight the gate had changed to 23. If I had not struck up a conversation with the gentleman setting near me I would have not know until I had missed my flight. My suggestion is with your computer system you should know if a passenger has checked in before a gate change. Please make an announcement at the old gate of the change."
"MDW-MCO-MDW. Traveled with the family for a quick Disney vacation. Flight out on time and even with kids had no problem sitting together. On return we took advantage of the Southwest off airport check-in location in Lake Buena Vista so got the bags checked and boarding pass and even though the flight was delayed on the return we only had to get to the airport 45 minutes before our flight and were able to go straight to the gate."
"Southwest Airlines LGA-BWI-LGA all flights on-time. FAs very friendly and talkative free drinks is always appreciated. Free checked-in bags (2) compared to other airlines that will nickel and dime you for everything. Plane was clean boarding was fast and efficient. Wonderful airline excellent customer service from ground crew to flight crew."
"PIT-LAX Was a little leery about flying across the country with Southwest (usually use it to fly across Pennsylvania) but decided to give it a try because I absolutely refuse to pay an airline to carry a bag. I was not at all disappointed. The good service I had received on short trips was even better on the longer flight. Snacks were fine the personnel was kind (something it is difficult to say for the legacy carriers) and the seats were comfortable. I booked a flight recently to the West Coast and once again chose Southwest."
"SAN to ELP return (through PHX). Having flown SWA for years there is great comfort in understanding the boarding process and open seating. The flight crews are professional and engaging service is well done with a selection of soft-drinks wine beer and juices and sometimes a choice of peanuts or pretzels. There is one non-stop flight each day both ways on this route and choices of flights to SAN through LAS and occasionally ALB. SWA is reliable and accommodating with a simple and straightforward business model."
"SAN to ELP return (through PHX). Having flown SWA for years there is great comfort in understanding the boarding process and open seating. The flight crews are professional and engaging service is well done with a selection of soft-drinks wine beer and juices and sometimes a choice of peanuts or pretzels. There is one non-stop flight each day both ways on this route and choices of flights to SAN through LAS and occasionally ALB. SWA is reliable and accommodating with a simple and straightforward business model."
"San Jose (SJC) to Santa Ana (SNA) return. For both flights checking in on-line 24 hours before each flight got me an \"A25\" or better boarding pass and on both flights I was able to get a window seat on the over-wing emergency exit row with lots of leg room. On the flight to SNA the flight attendant spent quite a bit of time going over the emergency exit procedures which I think was a great example of how this airline can be both professional (take care of serious business) and laid back (announcements are usually quite funny and entertaining!). Soft drinks and peanuts served on these 1-hour flights and two suitcases checked in free."
"My teenage daughters and I flew SouthWest San Diego - Vegas return. We found them to be brilliant and far better than their European equivalents - easyjet and Ryanair. We checked in online as soon as the 24 hour window opened boarded amongst the first passengers - thus avoiding the scramble and able to sit together. The boarding process is far smoother than in Europe and although the flight was only an hour long we were served complimentary soft drinks and peanuts/pretzels. The outward flight was on time and return delayed 20 mins or so. The cabin crew were courteous and friendly and safety announcements were light hearted and funny but got the message across - we probably paid more attention to these humorous announcements than we would have to the regular dry offerings. The flights (pre booked in September) were good value and we would have no hesitation in flying SouthWest again."
"DEN-SLC very late booking less than 12 hours before flight left a good fare and no hassle. Flight was full but crew provided service with a smile. If you follow their booking system you cannot fault them at all. Compared to legacy carriers within the US Southwest are the best."
"My husband has been unemployed a while and we were wondering how we were going to get my daughter a plane ticket to come home for Christmas. Southwest Airlines have really fair prices their website is customer friendly. When we found my daughter's situation had changed and she would be able to come home earlier it was very easy to change her flight online - and Southwest didn't charge a big fee to change the ticket. Only a few dollars that was the higher price of the new ticket."
"We were forced to change our scheduled departure from New Orleans because my partner became seriously ill. We departed New Orleans three days early. We paid $200.00 in additional fees for the flight rescheduling which to me was acceptable by today's rules. I asked Southwest for a refund of the Early Bird Seating fee ($20.00) sending them the hospital and rescheduling documentation. Southwest called and said they would refund $200.00 because of the medical emergency - said they did not believe in taking advantage of their customers. I have always found Southwest Airlines to be fair honest and customer friendly which is why I stay with them."
"My original ticket from Palm Beach Florida to Denver Colorado was screwed up through American Airlines. They wanted to charge me $900 to fix it. I was trying to figure out something to do and ended up talked to agents at SWA and without a thought they started working the problem for me. By the end of the it I had a ticket for $400 and was set to go! They took care of everything and I was on my way before I knew what to do."
"Phoenix to Detroit. Very good service. Had a toddler travelling with us and check-in was super efficient. It took less than five minutes and we were off with our boarding passes. I travel Southwest at least once a month and I will continue to travel with them even if their prices increase."
