"x"
"Verified Review | So I just wanted to come on here to praise United for letting me reschedule my flight when I got sick. They waved the rescheduling fee, and were incredibly nice about it - I didn't really even have to ask. I know no airline is perfect, but I consider this to be a reflection that United certainly isn't the worst, and they can treat their customers well! Will be flying United again whenever I get the chance."
"Verified Review | As someone who attaches a lot of value to reviews that I find online about companies, I feel compelled to share my positive experience with United Airlines. After having read a lot of the previous reviews I expected the worst, but I found a half price multi-city ticket for direct flights from Amsterdam-New York and Washington-Amsterdam with United Airlines, so decided the trip would be worth the money no matter what happened on the flight. In the end there's nothing negative I can think of to mention about my experience with United Airlines. Both flights were on time, the food was great (butternut squash pasta for example) the staff on the plane was very friendly and customer service was helpful and easy to reach. There were enough interesting movies/series on the flight to make the 8 hour flight go by really fast."
"Verified Review | Hartford to San Diego via Washington. We missed our original flight by 2 minutes. The agent on the gate got us on another flight immediately. When we got to our layover destination, we went to the customer service desk and the agent there put us on an earlier flight than originally planned. We only got to our destination 2 hours later than originally planned. I'm very thankful to the great agents who helped us out."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Newark in Business class. Despite many negative reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by United. Firstly the fact that I was able to change my flight time at no cost (Star Gold) on day of departure was a huge help. Boarding at San Francisco was organised and orderly. The plane itself was old and the cabin pretty gloomy, but for a decent price I got a flat bed, comfortable seat large range of entertainment options, decent food and drinks, and an ahead of time arrival. Arrival in Newark was a breeze although priority luggage wasn't first off. I had very low expectations, but would fly United again."
"Verified Review | When flying to the States I go via Dublin wherever I can as the Security clearance in Dublin is a bit of a no brainer and after months of deciding how to get there this time decided to try United Polaris, it was around £400 cheaper than the alternatives. Security was quick using the Fast Track, and we were soon in the new Fifty First and Green lounge where there was an array of breakfast pastries to enjoy before boarding. We’d chosen row 8 and boarding was painless and we were soon enjoying a pre take off Mimosa, having stowed the Saks of Fifth Avenue bedding. Menus were handed out and crew came and took orders for mains before take off. The seat was spacious and comfortable. This was a brunch flight and crew came out with a trolley to make signature Bloody Marys and Mimosas which were served with warm nuts. Meal service with a delicious smoked salmon starter was followed by a succulent steak with scrambled eggs and potatoes. After the cheese plate a United sundae was served, drinks were regularly topped up by crew who were absolutely outstanding, and friendly. Great inflight entertainment and a nice range of snacks were available and about an hour before landing lunch was served which was roast chicken with cous cous and veg. Flight landed on time at 1110 and thats where the benefit of Dublin security kicked in - we were out of the airport with checked luggage and in our taxi at 1130. A great way to get to the States which I’d happily recommend."
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Las Vegas. The on time performance on this flight impress me. From boarding to the landing gate it was early. Service was efficient, just beverage and snacks, since it was late evening. Flight attendant comes regularly to check up on the passengers, although still missed taking away my glass before take off. The seats comes with PTV, but are showing their age on this ex Continental 739, still was a comfortable ride. Luggage arrive at the carrousel before I did. I see improvement on this flight."
"Verified Review | Washington to Rochester. The flight was very pleasant except for the rather disturbingly rude person who sat next to me. He was quite rude to the stewardess. I believe he was upset because it was a short flight and couldn't give him the amount of alcohol that he had hopped for. He fussed and decided to write very awful things about her. Dispite this the stewardess was very patient, calm, and kind. I find this very admirable, and just wanted to congratulate United on hiring such a resilient woman."
"Verified Review | Flew Washington DC to Oregon. I cannot remember the last time I flew United. For this trip, United had the best tickets for the price. The planes were planes, the snacks were the same. I was truly shocked at how good the crew were on all four legs of the trip. I was traveling with my three year old son and they could not have been more accommodating. He was so sick on our way to Oregon that we were running back to the bathroom every 45 minutes. They were kind and generous and offered to help me during this very stressful flight. On the way back home my son was feeling better and we did not need as much help or support. Although, we received it anyway. Both crews offered help, extra drinks or snacks through out the flights, as well as offering to help me off the plane. I cannot remember the last time I had such a positive experience on any airline. Great job United!"
"Verified Review | Oklahoma to Cancun via Houston. Missed my flight for the first time ever. I was panicked. The staff totally had me calmed down and booked me a flight immediately. Thank you for having such sweet, friendly and understanding staff. 5 star quality demeanor. We need more people like this in the world."
"Verified Review | I purchased non-refundable round-trip tickets from Boston to San Francisco for my husband and myself to attend my dear cousin's funeral. A day before our scheduled departure, I canceled my husband's flight because he had a bad cold and was coughing too much to get on a plane. In my conversation with United, I was told how to file for a refund (even though my tickets were non-refundable). I traveled to San Francisco myself. The direct flight both ways went fine, but the return flight was remarkable. By chance, I ended up sitting next to my sister and brother-in-law who were returning to Boston from the same funeral. We chatted with one of the flight attendants who knew we were returning from a funeral. She was exceptionally kind and gave us complimentary snacks. Her kindness was greatly appreciated during our bereavement. After I returned home, I filled out the online Refund form to see about getting a refund for my husband's ticket. I explained that not only was he coughing too much to get on a plane for six hours but it would have been very inconsiderate to other passengers for him to be hacking away. United Airlines was kind enough to promptly issue a refund for my husband's unused round-trip fare - a full refund, not a credit for future travel. I appreciate the refund - the thought of having to pay for an unused round-trip ticket for a funeral would only add insult to injury. I am grateful to United Airlines for making a very unpleasant situation (me traveling across the country alone, without my husband, for my cousin's funeral) as comfortable and pleasant as they could."
"Verified Review | Lisbon to Washington return, and I did not see any major glitches with the service. Meal was tasty, a decent choice of entertainment, and staff was helpful. It wasn't stellar service but it fulfilled the minimum requirements. More importantly, on the way back we had to change planes when we were already seated because there was an electrical problem and United managed to prepare a replacement aircraft in just over 2 hours, which I found impressive. I don't think flying through the US is the best option to fly to Canada, but I would probably fly United again to Canada via Dulles if I could not find an affordable flight that is direct."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Heathrow via Washington. The only problems that I encountered was severe weather which delayed are flight by 40 mins but they turned the plane around very quickly. Even after the delay I still didn't miss my connection, the second thing was the food on my flight back to London, it wasn't the best but then it wasn't horrible. On both flights the ground staff were helpful and informative, also on both flight the seats were cushioned and had a lot of hip room. The cabin crew on both flights were funny, helpful and informative. The inflight entertainment has a ton of stuff. The wifi was easy to access and has good connectivity. The food and beverages are good but personally I think pasta and mushrooms aren't the best mix. Overall very good value for your money."
"Verified Review | Little Rock to Kalamazoo via Chicago with United. This was my first flight with my 4 month old and I was very nervous. The flight attendants were beyond kind and accommodating. We were lucky to be on two flights that were not full and the crew so kindly gave us a spare seat which made our trip significantly less stressful."
"Verified Review | Tokyo to Toronto via Chicago. The food was good for the long flight from Tokyo. Standard. My complaint is that I was not given a choice due to being in economy class as they ran out of the other choice. I guess that's what I get for being poor. The flights were mainly on time, but they were delayed a bit due to things that were out of control. Otherwise, it was reasonable. Customer service was standard and expected. The staff was efficient and friendly enough and were able to answer my questions. They lost my luggage and I was disappointed. But I was able to get my luggage back delivered the next day and the help desk was nice and friendly. Standard amenities, the blankets were thin and did not keep me warm, no extras but for the price, I did not expect any extras. They were the cheapest airline. Overall it was a good experience, standard and I'm happy I got my bag back so quickly."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Newark on a morning flight and really enjoyed the experience. We were supplied with drinks and hot food, and had a great selection of entertainment whilst being able to charge our phones & laptops. The staff didn't keep trying to flog us duty free goods which is always a bonus. However our return journey on 18th July wasn't so good. Poor entertainment with very limited choice and screens the size of postage stamps with no device charging facilities. Not everyone wants to sleep on a night flight. Also the hot meal was dreadful. Slimy cheesy sauce with horrible wilted spinach and some substance masquerading as chicken. These minor gripes aside, I would fly United again - just not on a night flight. Much better facilities & entertainment on the day flight which was an all round more enjoyable experience."
"Verified Review | Houston to Calgary. Very thankful for the agents at Houston's gate C37 on July 6th, 2017. My friend was denied boarding as she attempted to travel to Canada on just her Green card. The agents worked furiously to pull our luggage and get us rebooked to a border town for us to make a ground crossing. Our issue delayed that flight by 25 mins, but agents cared more about helping us. Thank you so much United agents!"
"Verified Review | First time flying this route from Houston to Honolulu and I was not looking forward to it. Why? 8 hours in the sky with no free hot meals (you have to purchase from a menu and it's not cheap - $10 for a burger), no in-flight entertainment screens, and a sardine can economy cabin with the 3-4-3 seating arrangement. All this in mind and I was not eager to fly. As I boarded the plane and settled in my seat I noticed that yes the seats got narrower to accommodate more seats across but the seats are also new and well crafted with details. The seat was made out of this leather with detailed stitching patterns and a tag on the side that had the United logo on it and it had a cool color scheme to it too. Not only did it look good but it felt fairly comfortable for a small seat and the cushioning was decent. Legroom was also tolerable and take my word for it because I have very long legs. The seats didn't have those necessary in-flight entertainment screens but all seats were installed with a tablet/device holder so you can comfortably watch free entertainment on your personal device via the United wifi. (Make sure you have downloaded the United app before you board). The wifi connectivity was fairly strong though it didn't work the last half of the flight. Cabin crew were pleasant. They had poise, well groomed and very polite and I have no complaints or problems with them. The only huge disappointment I have is that for an 8-hour flight, no free meals were offered! It felt like a long-haul budget carrier flight! Of course, there was a full drink service. If you wanted to eat, you had to order from the menu a wide selection of hot meals that costed upwards $10. If it was that expensive then it should taste good I thought - which did. $10 Mediterranean chicken wrap was a rather small portion for a $10 meal but the tastes were worthy enough for you to think it came from Chipotle or something."
"Verified Review | Check in was a challenge given the touch screens did not work properly. Staff were on hand but while friendly left before they could verify that the issue was solved. It was solved in the United Club. This meant that check in took much longer than it could have. Security cleared quickly, lounge was pleasant. My wife and I despite having the same booking number could not be seated together but this may have been due to changing our flight the week before. This also meant a downgrade to economy but on this short flight from San Francisco to San Diego doesn't make much difference as there is little on offer in either class. Flight left a little late but arrived on time. Plane was clean and comfortable and crew were very friendly. In all a pleasant experience, bags were available within 5 minutes of being at the carousel."
"Verified Review | This was the best economy class flight I have had on United in a while. Flew San Francisco to Washington. The service was great, all attendants offered excellent personalized service - eye contact, smiles, all the right stuff. Beverages were offered at least four times during the 4 hour flight with snacks being offered twice. It was a real pleasure. We took off on time and landed about 30 minutes early. Even boarding, with an outsized Group 1, was fast and efficient. A very positive experience overall."
"Verified Review | For a domestic, US flight, United 1262 Newark to Denver was reasonably pleasant. The row 20, exit row window, provided more-than-ample leg room. The advertised food options were available and of quite good quality, and the service, despite the fact that the aircraft was completely filled, was very satisfactory. The AVOD screens in the seatback in front offered an excellent choice for in-flight entertainment. I don't know if this was intentional, but the screens were activated w/o charge. In addition, the personal device entertainment system worked well, and I was able to watch \"Lincoln\" while keeping the flight map on the AVOD screen. My experiences with United continue to be positive, and I hope that this positive experience will balance the plethora of negative reviews."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Denver to Cedar Rapids. Pilot did an excellent job of communicating with passengers as we encountered threat of developing severe weather and possible need to divert route on a late day/night flight to Cedar Rapids. He kept us updated as flight progressed and really appreciated his emphasis on safety, felt well informed as we saw flashes of lightening and huge thunderheads in the dark and dealt with turbulence for much of the flight. He was able to move alongside the line of storms while just keeping ahead of them. We no more than touched the wheels down in Cedar Rapids and the rain hit. The passengers erupted in appreciative cheers and clapping; grateful to be safely on the ground just before midnight and did not have to divert to Minneapolis. Thanks to an excellent pilot and crew."
"Verified Review | Flew Houston - Boston and return last week with United Airlines. Both flight were on time, both flights had great service and friendly helpful staff. Is there room for improvement? Of course there is, but this time I'm not complaining. B737 and return A319 were clean and crew were excellent. I came in late on Icelandair on my way back and had to run from E to B in BOS and the staff member at the United desk did save my day by issuing my boarding pass and guided me to security so I made my flight back to Houston."
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Washington Dulles and return. United's standard domestic first class is reasonably comfortable. The new Boeing 737-924s have United's latest amenities, including entertainment and flight information delivered to your pad, smart phone or computer via internal wi-fi. The selection of entertainment options is quite good and free. You must bring your own earbuds or headphones, even in first. Wi-fi otherwise is pretty dreadful and not worth whatever you pay for it. The inflight dynamic map is completely useless. First class service is quite good and attentive, but the food is mediocre. Gone are the days when the flight attendants constructed an ice cream sundae for each first class passenger, replaced by mango sorbet in a cup. Meal selection is handled rather oddly, with first choice going to those with the highest frequent flier tier status. Thus, even if you pay full price for your first class ticket, you may come up at the bottom of the pile in choosing your meal. Not endearing."
"Verified Review | I am actually a fairly happy frequent flier of United Airlines, but you (and they) need to know what inconsistencies and problems flyers experience. Here are just some of the many independent situations I've experienced in 6 months (2017), all with United Airlines. 2 x jetway failures – Upon arrival at gate, had to push plane out and had to wait on tarmac for another available gate. This made us 45 minutes and 35 minutes late these two examples. One of these examples, I missed my connecting flight. Had to sprint to connecting flight on the other. 2 x flight crew members didn't show up for work - one 1.5 hour delay and one flight cancelled (after several hours) and had to stay overnight in Houston. Was forced to pay for most of hotel room. Luckily I was first in line to get rebooked the next morning and was also able to get an airport hotel room. Others were not so lucky 2 x sensor failures - On two separate trips had to return to gate after pushing off, one time there was no immediate gate and had to wait on tarmac for over an hour. Another time, plane was taken off service and we waited for several hours for a replacement. 2 x late planes – Planes didn’t arrive on time (not weather-related) and once we took off and landed at connecting airport, I had to run from terminal to terminal to make connection. Most other passengers doing the same connection did not make it. On the positive side, I will say that my status does help me solve many other problems that come up (some weather-related, some not), but for non-status passengers, those other situations would have been horrific. Also, Economy Plus is really the only reason I can enjoy my experience as much as I do. I am treated well by United team members, and Economy Plus seat spacing is enjoyable even for a 6'3\" person."
"Verified Review | Flew United from Lisbon to Newark and then returned to Brussels. I really did not have any great expectations of this airline. I just hope that I will arrive and return safe and sound. Not to mention this is my first time flying with them. It turns out that the flights were really pleasant. FA did good job on both flights even though not particularly charming if you used to fly with QR or SQ except for a male FA on United 999 who was exceptionally nice and polite. B767 looks very spacious with newest IFE, B777 shows its age but still in a good shape. The inbound flight was delayed by 30 minutes but we arrived just slightly behind the schedule. Both landings were probably among the smoothest I have experienced. The food was rather small in portion but with a decent quality. My pre-order meal (MOML) was well served something I really appreciated. The collection of movie might be limited if we compare to those of EK, QR, or SQ but I managed to watch two very good ones released in 2015 and 2016 respectively. All in all I am very happy and quite amazed with the level of service."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Honolulu. Very good flight experience thanks to very good and experienced crew. As usually on the route from California to Honolulu the aircraft was not the newest and the seats were not the latest either. And as usual the staff is rather older and more experienced (seniority principle on this routing) then on any other route on the planet. But the always friendy, smiling and efficient crew did more then compensate for old seats or plane. One staff did the cooking and the other one did the service. All in a very personal and efficient way, one felt like being already in Honolulu. The food and the drinks on offer were good and well sized. The entertainment system is rather limited and on a small tablet screen. The crew was one of the best ever on a plane, and it was most enjoyable to watch them serving with joy and fun."
"Verified Review | Hamburg to Newark. We got a free upgrade to premium eco so me and my travel companion could sit together - which are standard seats with standard service and extra legroom - which was a decent move. Customer service is friendly and helpful, however the crew was a little rude. The Boeing 767 was old but not worn down, the IFE was aged as well. Cannot complain about the food (chicken or Pasta), but both flights were delayed at least one hour, HAM-EWR even 2,5 hours. Thus, United is a typical US carrier: nothing exciting, but solid."
"Verified Review | After all of the awful publicity that United received in the months leading up to our flights I was concerned that I had made a terrible choice for our journey from Sydney to Los Angeles. However, my 14 hour economy flight was probably about as enjoyable as any economy flight can be. United flies the lovely new 787 on this route, the air quality is better, the lighting is better and the seats, although they look really small, are actually amongst the most comfortable I have flown on. Video Entertainment is great, although the lack of audio was a bit frustrating, take your phone or Ipad along for this. Wi-Fi for purchase is a fun option to pass the time and costs are reasonable. The food was OK, a meal on departure, a snack in between and then a rubbery egg breakfast before landing in LA. The reality is this was an economy flight, the fare was really really good value. We resisted the constant sales push before the flight to purchase economy plus which does provide extra leg room if you feel you need it, at least with United have this option at a pretty reasonable rate if you feel you need it. By the way, this flight was spot on time as were all of our other United internal flights, boarding and disembarking was smooth as anything. The crew were friendly enough and seemed pretty happy about servicing our requirements, they appeared older than on most other airlines but were chatty and responsive."
"Verified Review | Lisbon to Newark. The new Polaris Business class of United is a very nice product. The seats are comfortable, the screen is a nice size and the new amenities kit is excellent. The seats are lie flat and offer a great rest. However, they are somewhat difficult to adjust at the intermediate levels, the upright and lie flat are done at the push of a button. Other than that, the only complaint I had was for the lack of storage on the seat - the old seats (and this may have been the ones in first) and small nooks to store stuff. That is not the case here, or at least I did not find them - so the storage has to be done in the overhead bins. Besides the very comfortable oversized pillow, United also provides you with two blankets, a regular one, and a slightly heavier quilted one. I initially used the quilted one, but since the temperature in the cabin was quite comfortable I eventually gave up on both. The food is a little lacking, for the first course, I chose the Halibut which was very good but second meal was a very dry and flavorless piece of chicken breast. This, in my opinion, is a problem, primarily because it is served an hour before landing and sticks in people's memories as their meal experience. The service while professional is not on par with European, Asian or Middle Eastern carriers. While I cannot put my finger on it simply lacks the elegance and savoir-faire of their counterparts. Another big issue is the entertainment, while there is an excellent selection I cannot for the life of me understand why I constantly have to be subjected to Barracuda and Marriott advertising - it is not just once, but after every single show that I want to watch. This really cheapens the United brand, if you want to do it on the domestic legs to offset the entertainment costs the so be it - but to do it on the international leg in business class is unheard of. United is definitely on to something with Polaris, with a little fine tuning this could become a Business Class for others to follow."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Sydney to San Francisco. The plane was fully booked and being a Dreamliner which is a smaller plane was very noticeable, the inflight entertainment was excellent but the headphones are poor so take your own. The food was nice and alcohol was free, the seat pitch was great but the leg room was awful. The trip itself wouldn't have been too bad if the staff were friendlier and there wasn't turbulence for the entire 14 hour flight."
"Verified Review | Reno to Burlington. First thing in the morning at 4:45am today, I got to my airport and my flight left at 5:30 . I punch in my confirmation code and was alerted by United Airlines kiosk that the time to check bags has passed. I was told from a United Airlines staff that I would be put on standby and booked out in the afternoon. I hear someone from baggage say, \"we can still do it!\" I greatly greatly appreciate the woman who helped me, she shook my hand and smiled at me and told me it would be OK. I appreciate her help, and my vacation would be a completely different experience (not for the better I was afraid) if it wasn't for her. Thank you."
"Verified Review | From Austin to Denver First Class on an A320. Check In via the mobile App, which I find is one of the better airline Apps. United Club is Austin has just been changed around a bit, adding more seating with a better flow to it. Some fruit and something to drink and then it was time to board. I like the United's zone lanes, as it tends to help spread things out a bit better. In Zone 1, was the 4th person to board. Comfortable new interior on this A320, Good legroom and snack service, with warm scones once airborne. Watched some videos, again on the UA App and in 2 hours we were landing, with a ontime arrival. Flight attendants and gate agents were all excellent and professional, frequent updates from the cockpit. Overall a really nice morning flight."
"Verified Review | I read several negative reviews about United. So pleased to write that I had a great experience with United mainline flights on my Burbank - NYC/LGA via Denver. Customer Service agents were pleasant and helpful. Flight Attendants were helpful, polite, and sharp and went the extra mile in providing true customer support. The airbus 319/320 are new or fairly new, as compared to old Airbus 320 aircraft on JetBlue's non-stop JFK/BUR or Jetblue's non-engaged and cold-attitude flight attendants and CSA's. Comfortable leather seats on all flights. Great climate control. I enjoyed connecting in United's Denver terminal, clean, bright and spacious and plenty of helpful and polite United agents."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Paris via Chicago with United. Our flight was held up in Chicago. This would make us late to our connection in Paris to Copenhagen. We went to customer service who very nicely and politely booked us on a later flight for all six of us in our party. A great job."
"Verified Review | I encountered excellent customer service from the United staff on the flight from Salt Lake City to Houston, and from Houston to New Orleans. Flight 1718 was delayed by air traffic control for an hour, which meant an extremely tight, in fact, impossible layover in Houston [7 minutes]. The gate agent [Gate B7 at SLC] got me a reservation on the first flight out the following day as the flight from Houston to New Orleans was the last of the day. The agents kept us up to date and were optimistic that time would be made up and the outbound flight held a few minutes to accommodate enroute passengers. Apparently, meals for first class were not delivered on the previous flight and the gate agent ran down to buy 8 meals to make sure we got fed. The United staff did an excellent job in hurrying boarding and making sure those with tight connections had a good shot at making the next flight. It all worked out! I made the flight to New Orleans. Not surprisingly, the checked bag didn't make it, but it was delivered to my door two days later, at an address 120 miles from New Orleans. On this flight United Airlines did very well indeed."
"Verified Review | Houston to Edmonton with United. Flight attendant was wonderful. I needed to charge my phone and he went above and beyond in helping me. Asked us several times if we needed water or another drink. I love this airline! And the seats are always nicer and comfy than a few other airlines. I fly 6-8 times a week and I really appreciate how they over-delivered today on my flight."
"Verified Review | This United flight was the return part of a same-day trip Washington to Tampa return. Both flights were boarded with good discipline, pushed-back early, and arrived ahead of schedule. The service in economy was minimal, but there was a normal beverage offering: soft drinks for free and alcoholic beverages for a reasonable charge. I reserved and received the exit row window seat, which is my favorite. The personal device service onboard is a step forward, but the flight map included is much inferior to the one Lufthansa offers. As a Star Alliance Gold, I took the hike over to the B concourse to enjoy the Lufthansa Senator Lounge, which was surprisingly uncrowded. These last few weeks have been a trial-by-fire for United Airlines. Many frequent flyers have been outraged by egregious onboard errors, but my experiences with United have always been positive. I have several trips with them planned for next month, and I hope and expect that these flights will go smoothly as well."
"Verified Review | Newark to Singapore via Hong Kong and return via San Francisco. United is my personal preferred carrier. EWR to Hong Kong serviced by some of the most aged and bitter UA personnel. Locally based HK crew HKG-SIN delivered exceptional service. SIN-SFO on a brand new aircraft (787-9) which seemed above average as UA competes with SQ. 777-300 SFO-EWR delivered a great product. Avoid EWR long-haul, especially to Asia. It's clear that tenured FAs based in EWR are lacking and should be promptly retired."
"Verified Review | Birmingham to Los Angeles via Newark. Normally to get through a flight with a US based carrier by telling my self to lower expectations. However, with United's new Polaris Business class on the BHX to EWR leg those days are over. Polaris is a product that is truly up to international standards. Whilst the 757 seating is the same as before the whole soft product is a massive improvement. From the time you reach your seat with its pile of Saks Fifth Avenue bedding topped by a cuddly polar bear teddy, to disembarkation I felt looked after. A brochure explaining the product including the menu was handed out as was an excellent amenity kit. Tasty food well presented with lots of little touches. I would highly recommend it. The ratings are based on this leg. Unfortunately the success of Polaris just went to show how far behind the P.S. business class with the same flat bed seating, which was on the EWR to LAX leg, was. No amenity kit, limited bedding, single sheet menu, adequate but not exceptional cabin staff. I lowered my expectations and it was alright. United needs to roll out its new winning product into its longer domestic routes."
"Verified Review | After all the poor reviews I had some trepidation flying United within the United States. However all was pretty fine. My flight from San Francisco to Denver was delayed as the aircraft comes in from Auckland before proceeding to Denver. Once on-board the service was very good indeed and very personal and pleasant. First Class fares in the US are not much more (if at all) than many economy fares in Australia so I suspect economy/coach passengers in the US on United have little to complain about - there is no such thing as a free lunch! The United Club before boarding was fine except the food offerings were not so good. Picking up a boarding pass coming in from an international flight was not so good either - very slack staff, However, once on board, I really enjoyed being able to chat to the flight crew on boarding and afterwards as well as the good wine. The United DBA express onwards to Lincoln was fine, even in economy. I would happily fly United again.."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Hong Kong with United Airlines. Not an easy and quick check-in. Plane looked aged, nice leg room space, good inflight entertainment and very good Wi-Fi and internet connection at a reasonable price (for the entire flight), terrible blankets. Very nice and gentle cabin crew. Food wasn´t poor quality and quantity for a flight of 14h30."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Raleigh Durham via Chicago. On-time both flights. Good seat pitch, as the seats are slightly thinner. Glad to see that snacks are back on United. Loved the Stroopwafels! Wonderful service, flight attendants were kind. The only complaint is with the seat recline, which was minimal and slightly uncomfortable to sleep in. So if you're flying a red-eye and want some sleep, take a window seat - makes a huge difference, especially on a Boeing 737."
"Unverified | The fact that I could avoid Frankfurt and fly directly from Houston to Munich is probably the best thing about this flight. The Boeing 767 is one of my favorite aircraft and it has a great interior and is well kept. The service was great, but the food was bad even by airline standards. I am probably one of the few people on this planet that enjoy airline food but this is simply not edible. For some reason their bread is called a 1234VR Brown Roll, I am not sure what it is and what horrible concoction of chemicals it inlcudes, but I cannot fathom why they would serve it to their guests. I miss the times when bread was just that bread, made with water, yeast and flour. The entertainment is a bit annoying as you are forced to view 2 commercials prior to any movies or TV episodes. The entertainment is also very lacking in general, the movies are very old as in HBO old. Nothing that is currently in the movies is shown."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Boston. Flight departed in a timely manner. Seat was Economy Plus, with extra leg room. Worth the small price over a regular economy seat. In-flight entertainment system worked well with my iPad. Purchased food was good. Seat was comfortable. Crew was friendly and efficient."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Salt Lake City. Seat was very comfortable, recline was acceptable. Did not use entertainment, preferred to read my book. Inflight service was excellent on this short flight. Crew was friendly, provided announcements when necessary. Check in was prompt, friendly, efficient at LAX."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita on 18 December 2016. I was one of the last to board and had a window seat. The cabin crew took some time to realise that I have boarded but once they took notice, they quickly offered a menu for pre-flight drinks. The seat layout was the older Polaris product i.e. not all seats have direct access to the aisle. After take off, the crew came round to take orders for meals. The menu looked impressive but at least two of the meal options were not available which was disappointing. I had to go with my 2nd option but thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The service was attentive and pro-active with the crew doing rounds to ensure passengers' drinks are topped up, etc. I especially enjoyed the Sak's avenue blanket and large pillows. There were a thin blanket and small pillow available so passengers get to choose what works best."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Auckland. Flight was very full as there is only one flight a day and the previous nights flight had left about 13 people behind due to being late off another United Airlines flight. This was fine we all got a seat but then sat for about half an hour to an hour on the plane as we waited for people coming off another flight, then waited for their baggage which seemed to have got lost. This is quite a late flight, we boarded at almost 11 pm at night so everyone was tired including the FA's. They seemed to be all tired, grumpy and not very helpful at all. I asked for a vegetarian meal (which is part of the standard meals now) and they gave me a chicken one - they weren't listening. The captain was great and kept us up to date. They tried to sell the premium economy seats a few times while we were waiting which is a bit annoying as they gave the impression the flight was full and it got everyone in a bit of a panic, especially the people who had been hanging around all day having missed the flight the previous night. They gave us dinner, a snake and breakfast. I slept most of the flight but it was bumpy and I put this down to going over the Pacific."
"Verified Review | This was a round trip, same-day flight from Tampa to Washington IAD and return with United Airlines. Both flights boarded with good discipline, pushed-back ahead of time, departed promptly, and arrived early - the outbound flight by 24 minutes and the return by 1 minute. As a Mileage Plus Gold, I was upgraded on both segments. Golds are a low priority for complimentary upgrades, but Saturdays offer a better chance than weekdays. The snack offered was meager but acceptable for a two hour flight. Beverage service was quite satisfactory. United now offers Prosecco in domestic first class. It's not champagne, but it represents a step forward for United. These flights were uneventful and satisfactory - a situation that doesn't often occasion reviews but represents almost the entirety of my experiences with United Airlines."
"Verified Review | As always United was great, on time, comfortable, great service. No issues on my flight from Turks and Caicos to New York. We also flew them down there. Also I need to comment on the trip which I had to cancel to Aruba on Jan 9 2017, returning Jan 20. We had a medical emergency for my wife 6 days prior and I submitted the info and they refunded all our costs with no issues. This is the first time I had to cancel a trip in 45+ years. They made it so easy. I will always look forward to United being my priority carrier."
"Verified Review | Washington Dulles to Toronto Pearson. On this day of travel, I needed to change my flight and the woman (I forgot her name) who helped me behind the desk did not know that if I didn't make it back to Toronto (because I didn't look ill) that I could have lost my vision permanently because I needed medical attention. I am grateful to United Airlines for accommodating my desperate need to get back to Toronto ASAP. I even tried to get help from Air Canada, who I usually fly with and they would not help me. But United Airlines was the only airlines who would help me. I will always remember United Airlines and the compassion and courteous help that the woman who worked behind the service counter gave to me. She also went above and beyond by giving me a confirmed seat and not a standby ticket. This is what all customer service should look like and I am thankful to United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Rio de Janeiro via Houston. Nice surprise and United is slowly improving. Everything went smoothly. From check-in to landing. Not of course at the level of an Asian or Middle East airline, but matching with LH. Employees seemed more motivated than usual, planes on time, well catered lounges, etc."
"United Airlines (UA 419) from Seattle to Washington Dulles. Several aspects of this flight were exemplary. Check-in was quick, TSA Pre-check was immediate, and boarding was done with discipline. We pushed back a few minutes early, and with a very strong tail wind, we landed 45 minutes early. I had the window seat in the first overwing exit row, and the middle seat was empty, so the seating was quite comfortable. There were, however, two areas where United fell short. Warm breakfast meals are supposedly available for purchase, but by the 8th row of premium economy, all options were sold out. This was an early morning flight and the catering crew should have anticipated a higher demand for meals. My second observation concerns the in-flight entertainment. I have the United app downloaded on my iPad, so I was able to access a variety of movies free of charge. There is also a very inferior flight map with some aircraft data. The in-flight map on Lufthansa allows you to identify villages, lakes, streams and other geographical features. The United map gives you an approximate idea of what state you may be flying over. If the technology exists for better and more entertaining information, United ought to provide it."
"Verified Review | Flew with United from Raleigh Durham to Newark as part of a code share route to Fredericton, New Brunswick. Flight boarded early and left on time arriving a bit early in Newark. Flight crew were professional and pleasant. While IFE was provided via Direct TV, the system was difficult to turn off and passengers were subjected to an announcement / advertisement at the start of the flight which I personally found annoying. I did not really want to watch bad news on the TV screen and it took several tries to get it shut off. That and the fact that Newark is a pretty poor airport where the only issues with this flight. Passengers should be aware that a plane change in Newark may mean having to go through security screening again. This was the case for me in going from Terminal C to Terminal A. Wonder what passengers arriving from one of the nice European or Asian airports think when they arrive in such a scruffy airport."
"Verified Review | Having flown Business Class from Bangkok on a A380 Thai Airways to Paris to connect to United Airlines business Class to Newark, the difference was striking. The United much hyped Polaris business class product was disappointing. Unfortunately the Polaris seats and configuration is still the old narrow flat seats in the 2-4-3 configuration where all passengers don't have aisle access and window and middle seats have to ask the aisle passenger to get up. On my flight, there was a extra Polaris trainer on board for the cabin attendants but still the service was not smooth or elegant. Polaris is suppose to understand that rest and sleep is primary to the business flyer but the meal service took at least 2.5 hours with them still beginning to serve the ice cream when the lights were already dimmed. There was such a long time between courses as if the attendents didn't know what to do. I was seated next to the galley and watched them being disorganized and clumsy as the curtain was not closed. The Thai Airways personal cabin attendant knew my name as she introduced herself and all the courses, refill of drinks arrived swiftly and effortlessly like magic from behind a curtain. The cabin was always a sea of calm and tranquil unlike United noisy clatter. The one thing that was superior on United's Polaris was the cuisine. The salad was fresh and the courses plated well and restaurant quality. If only if United's Polaris could train their cabin attendants to a much higher standard of providing smooth professional service as if in a quality restaurant rather than a busy diner."
"Verified Review | Vancouver to San Francisco. United has an excellent short haul product. Cabin clean and quite new aircraft on both flights. Free Tasty snacks and Mobile Entertainment system are wonderful. No power unit though so make sure your gadget are fully charged. FA's are friendly, engaging and smiling which was a contrast to when I flew UA on international from SFO-NRT. FA's were cold, distant and doesnt seem to be enjoying what they do and UA still uses the tired and old Boeing 747/400 on that route. In my experience, United has truly improved their service and product especially on the short haul flights."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Cancun with United Airlines. Great flight and crew. We departed a couple of minutes early. The flight was perfect. The crew in Cancun were excellent and I think that I can recommend United to anyone. I think their new website is getting better, but could be improved with all search options together."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from GIG to IAH. Brand new Star Alliance lounge at GIG. Wide, nice food, nice view on tarmac, and reasonable wines. A pleasant surprise. Brand new Polaris service on board. Amenity kit has improved indeed, as well as food and drinks. Unfortunately B787 C class seat is too narrow, and the feet part (\"ottoman\") does not allow to move them during the night. A terrible mistake. Very smiley crew in a clean aircraft."
"Direct flight from San Fransisco to Tokyo (Haneda) with United Airlines. Considering the ticket price, service was amazing. Where in most United flights economy class food looks small and not appealing at all, both lunch and breakfast tasted just fine. Due to maintenance issue, aircraft change had to be made and departure was late for 1hr. Full flight but in-flight service was with a smile and efficient. Staff quickly cleared the food trays after meal to make space for economy passengers. United does not charge economy passengers for American craft beers (Samuel Adams, Goose IPA etc) and some house wines which is another appealing point. Apart from the small PTV screen and the 1-hr delay, no complaints about this flight."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to San Francisco SFO via Los Angeles. The flight to Los Angeles on a new Boeing787-9. Amidst negative reviews on United's long-haul economy class, I found myself in a different experience. Small portions of food but tasty enough. FAs were attentive. Flight departed late but arrived on time. IFE screens may not be as sophisticated and/or big as Asia-based airlines' new aircrafts but contents are a lot more varied, especially compared to ANA and Asiana. Second leg, flight from LAX to SFO on an older A320. No complaints. FAs were attentive and offered some additional beverages on such a short flight. Overall, satisfactory trip with United."
"Verified Review | Flew United Raleigh Durham to Chicago (UA1561) in First Class and returned in Premium Economy (UA4487). I was nervous about flying United as it does not have a great reputation but the schedule was good and it worked out. The outbound flight was fine and the First Class seats were comfortable (better than the American First Class cabins I have flown recently) but did need a bit of cleaning. Crew was fine, boarding was easy as flight was not full and we arrived early. The return flight was a very pleasant surprise. The captain greeted boarding passengers and came into the cabin to use the PA and provide flight info. He advised a strong tailwind would get us in early but we might get some chop due to it. He introduced all the crew and also explained that he was holding the flight for a passenger on an international connection since this was the last flight to RDU that evening. But even with the hold we would get to RDU early. Flight was reasonably smooth with occasional bumpiness but the captain changed altitude several times to find smoother air. Cabin staff were pleasant and the premium economy seating was fine (though it was the most expensive premium economy I have purchased on any of the 3 legacy carriers.) Apparently IFE is available for free if you download the United app but I did not bother so cannot comment on the quality of the IFE. This particular flight was very good, largely due to the captain and crew."
"Verified Review | Cancun – Shannon via Newark: Booked with United as they offered the most convenient connections back to Ireland. Check in at Cancun was self check in with a bag drop. There were no queues at the United desks which made for a pleasant experience. Boarding was organised into groups which was convenient for me as I was in group 2. The flight was uneventful and on time, leg room was a little on the tight side, I used the Direct TV which had a large offering of videos and TV stations for a fee. United only serve a small snack and drink on the flight for free and pay for sandwiches and alcoholic drinks. Transit in Newark was quick for immigration but very slow for TSA, but I had plenty of time. Flight to Ireland was a better experience with good leg room, choice of movies on demand and a good quality meal which consisted of a starter and main course, followed by an Ice cream and bottle of water as a separate serving, which was a nice touch. The flight had turbulence mid way over the Atlantic, but the Captain kept us well informed and ascended throughout the flight to avoid as much of the turbulence as possible. Crew were very friendly, helpful and professional throughout the flight. Landed ahead of time in Shannon, Captain even met the passengers on the airbridge and thanked us for flying with them, a very nice touch. Overall United offer a good experience especially on the transatlantic sector and fantastic route connections in Newark."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Lansing via Chicago with United Airlines. Last year, I accidentally scheduled my flight home on Christmas eve night, instead of in the morning. I was very upset because that would have meant I would miss out on Christmas eve dinner and all our family Christmas eve traditions. I was so disappointed at my mistake, especially since I don’t get to see my family very often. I called United, expecting them to only offer to sell me another ticket or charge me a large fee because that is my experience with most airlines. But to my surprise, the woman on the phone was very friendly and helpful and offered to change my flight, with no fees, to the morning so that I could make it home for our family’s Christmas celebrations. I was so relieved! This past October I flew United to Europe and will continue to use them in the future and highly recommend them to others."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to San Francisco in First Class in a B747-400. United's new First Class seat is very comfortable, the TV screen is large and there are plenty of storage areas. The hard product is good but not top of its class. The service was friendly and efficient, but again compared to the world's best United came up short. To summarize: United First was a pleasant, but not exceptional, experience."
"I usually fly with Frontier, but booked a flight home on thanksgiving with United Airlines. My original route was Orlando to Houston for a 2 hour layover, then heading to Denver. My family was planning to hold thanksgiving dinner, since I wasnt expected to arrive in Denver until 5:30pm. When I got to the airport and casually stated this fact to the United crew, they put me on a flight that flew me directly to Denver from Orlando. I arrived at 1:30, and now get to surprise my family and enjoy thanksgiving together! So amazing! I will stay loyal to United Airlines."
"Los Angeles to San Francisco. Had a very pleasant flight with United Airlines. Even though we had a delay out of LAX because of weather at SFO. The delay ended up being 2 hours. For the first part of the trip we sat at the gate at LA, but eventually pushed back and sat out on the tarmac somewhere until we got clearance from San Francisco. Understandably some passengers were upset because of possible missed connections at SFO, but weather is what it is, and an airline can't help that. Some opted to disembark before we pushed back from the terminal. The pilot was very courteous and apologetic. You could tell he cared as he tried to work whatever magic he could to get us out as early as possible. He was even apologetic over the the way some of the ground crew was apparently dealing with customer concerns which he felt wasn't totally what it should have been. Some things he apparently overheard and apologized for. The cabin crew onboard the flight was pleasant as well (though I think it would have been cool if they had offered water, or peanuts or something as we sat waiting. Since we really didn't know how long it was going to be.) Still I felt the flight and cabin crew handled it as well as they could. And I got a great price (even with the upgrade, which at 6'3, the extra leg room was nice considering the predicament that ensued)."
"Verified Review | Business Class from San Francisco to Frankfurt on the upper deck of a United Airlines Boeing 747. Everything was perfect from the moment I arrived at the airport to landing. I had a pre-flight cup of coffee and a light breakfast of a muffin and juice in the United Club. Boarding was quick and efficient. I had plenty of storage space at my window seat with the side cabinets under the window. A pre-flight cocktail was followed by another shortly after take-off. My dinner of rib-eye steak was delicious, and the service was attentive and friendly. After dinner I turned my seat into a bed and got several hours of sleep. Breakfast was delicious."
"Verified Review | This is - surprise - a positive review of United flight (UA219), non-stop Chicago ORD to Honolulu. We thoroughly enjoyed this 9-hour flight. Granted, there's neither a meal service in economy nor seat back entertainment anywhere, but fairly good hot food and alcoholic beverages can be bought, and one can either read a book or do the puzzles in the \"Hemispheres\" magazine. The crew was pleasant and eager to please. Seats in the 2-5-2 seating configuration were quite comfortable, which we hope United maintains for this long flight. We both managed a few hours' sleep, so were quite rested on arrival and ready for our Hawaiian Airlines connection to the Big Island. We heartily recommend this stopover-free way to get to Hawaii from Chicago."
"Verified Review | Flew from Washington to Manchester via Newark. Much improved service since I last flew United Airlines internationally. Clean aircraft, good IFE, good service. The only down-side was the short, DCA-EWR trip. The incoming aircraft was 20 mins late, but then, ground staff did not appear to do anything to help speed things up. We then had to put cabin baggage in the hold, adding time to an already tight connection. We only just made the connection."
"Verified Review | Newark to Savannah with United Airlines. This flight followed on from a transatlantic flight with the same airline. After I arrived in the USA I had to collect a boarding pass and was rudely dealt with by the first United staff member I spoke to. The second was better with a sense of professionalism and courtesy too. I found the gate staff to be friendly and efficient and was warmly welcomed aboard the flight by cabin crew. I found the small aircraft to be comfortable and enjoyed a coffee served by the cabin crew, The captain was informative and the flight arrived on time. No complaints!"
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Singapore. New aircraft, attentive and friendly crew. Food was ok. I had very good rest throughout the flight. Apparently the aircraft was manned by crew from Continental Airline (now merged with United) and they have high service standard. Two meals and a snack was given, but passengers were welcomed to go to the galley for more. Passengers were advised not to congregate at the alley, but for such a long flight, it will be good to allow passengers to walk around, mingle with the crew (provided not disturbing their duties) and also mingle among the passengers themselves, to sit still throughout 16+ hours on own seat will be kinda tough. Will recommend this flight."
"Verified Review | United Airlines (UA131) from Dublin to Newark proved to be quite an experience. Dublin airport offers pre-clearance and as such I was attracted to the flight with United Airlines. First impressions count and I am afraid that I was not at all impressed with the gate staff – some of whom were in United uniforms and boarded the flight after their gate duties. Their rudeness towards an elderly couple was disgusting and simply ignorant. Boarding was done in groups. Some passengers did not have their groups shown on their tickets and the staff had an aloof manners towards those who simply asked for the process to be explained. One staff member was particularly rude and obnoxious and seemed to enjoy being so. The flight is operated using a Boeing 757. The aircraft is rather comfortable but compact. The safety procedures were taken seriously and a video shown. During this flight I had to contend with an malfunctioning inflight entertainment system. Only a few TVs worked and the sound / volume was not controllable. The journey map did not work properly as only the distances were displayed. The couple next to me gave up on their IFE as theirs’s did not work either. My arm rest was not working correctly either. The catering was good and drinks were served regularly during the flight. I was impressed with the captain who made clear announcements and was very professional and welcoming. The Captain made a point of saying farewell to departing passengers in person. I had to collect my second boarding pass in Newark and the first uniformed United staff member I spoke to was indifferent and made no effort to even speak to me but pointed me along the concourse. The second uniformed United staff member I spoke to get my boarding pass was actually very friendly and polite and informative too. I also had positive impressions of ground staff who operated the transfer bus between terminals and could not praise them enough for being helpful. The price I paid for the ticket was not the cheapest and I think in future I shall try a rival company."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow - Houston: Excellent check-in, completed in 5 minutes by very friendly staff member, including being told the great news that I would not have to pick-up my bags and re-check them for my connecting flight at IAH (which I was told is only done at IAH). Efficient boarding. Second United Airlines service of the day to IAH, so the flight was quite empty (ended up with all three seats in the middle section to myself). The 787 was still very new and presented a very clean and airy cabin, helped by the larger than normal windows and lack of passengers. Comfortable seat with an excellent headrest which folds to support your head, and stays in place. Extremely quiet in terms of cabin noise (engines). Food service was reasonable and wine and beer served for free (premium drinks charged US$7.99 to US$8.99). WiFi worked very well for the entire duration of the flight (US$20 for the duration). Under-seat power supply (2 outlets for 3 seats) and USB charging from the screen. Flight attendants were efficient and friendly. Constantly walked through the cabin with water. Very pleasant daytime flight. Houston - Sao Paulo: 100% full flight (the norm for Brazil - USA flights). Long delay at the gate with no explanation. Leather type seats which I am not a fan of as they seem to cause you to slip down when sleeping. Headrest folds but does not stay in place. 767 very noisy (probably more because of the fact that I just got off a 787). But a clean cabin and good service. Again a reasonable main meal, good service and flight attendants constantly passing through the cabin with water. Let down by breakfast, only a little sandwich (not great at 0900h after 10 hour in the air). Very good inflight entertainment on both flight with good video monitors and a good selection of movies and TV shows (with a great option of being able to watch the shows on your tablet). Overall good flights but I will be looking for 787 services next time on United."
"Verified Review | Houston to Sao Paulo with United Airlines. 100% full flight (the norm for Brazil to USA flights). Long delay at the gate with no explanation. Leather type seats which I am not a fan of as they seem to cause you to slip down when sleeping. Headrest folds but does not stay in place. 767 very noisy (probably more because of the fact that I just got off a 787). But a clean cabin and good service. A reasonable meal, good service and flight attendants constantly passing through the cabin with water. Let down by breakfast, only a little sandwich (not great at 0900h after 10 hours in the air)."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Houston with United Airlines. Excellent check-in, completed in 5 minutes by very friendly staff member, including being told the great news that I would not have to pick-up my bags and re-check them for my connecting flight at IAH (which I was told is only done at IAH). Efficient boarding. Second UA service of the day to IAH, so the flight was quite empty (ended up with all 3 seats in the middle section to myself). The 787 was still very new and presented a very clean and airy cabin, helped by the larger than normal windows and lack of passengers. Comfortable seat with an excellent headrest which folds to support your head, and stays in place! Extremely quiet in terms of cabin noise (engines). Food service was reasonable and wine and beer served for free (premium drinks charged US$7.99 to US$8.99). WiFi worked very well for the entire duration of the flight (US$20 for the duration of the flight). Under-seat power supply (2 outlets for 3 seats) and USB charging from the screen. Flight attendants were efficient and friendly. Constantly walked through the cabin with water. Very pleasant daytime flight."
"Verified Review | Newark to Tokyo Narita with United Airlines. Flew Business First. My seat and eventually flat bed was comfortable and relaxing. The food and drink service was non stop if one wished that. Of course being United, nothing is ever perfect. Just as we were taking off it was announced that the inflight wi-fi was not working. A collective groan went up from those, like me who had hoped to do some work on board."
"I flew with United from San Francisco to Singapore and I was very impressed by the service, the onboard entertainment, and the aircraft. There was ample amounts of legroom in my Economy seat, and I was impressed by the service that was provided by a professional flight crew. The food was good, and they provided many snacks as well during the 16 hour flight. After the flight, I felt refreshed and ready to start the day in Singapore. The United Dreamliner service was excellent, and I will for sure be flying with with this airline again to Singapore."
"Overall we were pleased with this short hop which took just under two hours. We flew 1st class out of Chicago to avoid long TSA lines and we breezed in. As we left Rochester on a Sunday, Economy was fine as we anticipated short lines for an easy check in. I cant really complain about anything. The service was fine, the flight was comfortable. We were 30 mins. Late leaving Rochester but besides that both ends were uneventful."
"El Paso to Boston via Houston with United Airlines. I've read the reviews for this airlines complaining of missed connections, late departure or arrival, rude personnel. We had no problems at all. Flights on time, four planes round trip. Cabin staff personnel were friendly, helpful. My only complaint is the distance we had to walk in the airports, but that's not the fault of the airline."
"London Heathrow to Tampa via Washington. This is the first time I have flown United for a number of years and was apprehensive after reading all the bad reviews. After four flights with the airline I was quite impressed and would fly them again. The Boeing 777-200s used are showing their age with one plane still having an ash tray in the toilet. Good selection of movies to watch on the seat back tvs though the screen size is on the small size. Food was rather poor but come to expect that, beer and wine is free on international flights and there were frequent runs for water, tea and coffee and a nice touch that ice cream was offered mid flight, and just before landing they give you a cold snack. Flight attendants worked well during the flight and kept the passengers well fed and watered. All flights departed on time and arrived at the destinations early, the IAD-LHR arrived 50 mins early being a 6.20am arrival meant an easy exit through border control, getting luggage and exiting the airport in 20 mins. Would fly United again if the price is good."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Birmingham (UK) via Newark. Very pleasantly surprised by how good our United Airlines flight was after reading many negative reviews. Flights both ways were on time, nice cabin with great leg room in premium economy. Entertainment system was great and we also enjoyed the food and complimentary beers/wine. Crew were very helpful, particularly as we travelled with 2 young children. Would definitely use United again next time we travel to the States."
"Calgary to Honolulu via Denver with Unted Airlines. We flew from Calgary to Denver on a CRJ-700. Service was very good and flight arrived on time. Aircraft was clean and seat was roomy. Bulkhead seats. 7A and B. We had a 3 hour layover in Denver and gave us time to explore the terminal building which we found very nice. Lots of eating establishments. Flight from Denver to Honolulu was very good. The flight attendants made numerous rounds for drinks and water. Originally we had booked seat 17A and B however the aircraft configuration was changed and we were seated in 20K and L. No problem as the middle seat was empty which gave us greater space. The flight was 95% + full. The crew were excellent and readily accommodated us and other passengers in a professional manner. I was most impressed when the Captain came to the front and gave us details concerning the light over the PA system. Very nice touch to the flight. Over all we were most impressed with United and will most certainly fly with them again"
"Boarding for both sectors was done early and by groups. Air traffic control delays at Bogota meant a 25 minute delay arriving into Houston. This flight was operated with a Boeing 737-700 and was packed. Cabin crew were ok if not somewhat lackadaisical. Perhaps it was the midnight departure. Announcements were barely audible. For inflight entertainment, this plane was equipped with DirectTV rather than the airline's far superior wifi delivered personal device entertainment. This meant having to pay to view the only 8 movies available - as the rest of DirectTV's content library is inaccessible outside the continental USA. Big Fail. The cabin was uncomfortably warm throughout the flight and coupled with the older seats, tight pitch and full load made it far less pleasant and also difficult to catch any shut eye. Strangely, a full meal is served on this sector at about 1.30am, which to be honest, wasn't bad. Made me wonder why our outbound to Panama from Newark of a similar duration and more appropriate departure time for a meal service, offered no complimentary catering. The crew did a few water runs until arrival in Houston. Transfer at Houston took longer than I expected owing to slow immigration clearance. However, I boarded the next flight with ample time to settle in. This aircraft was a Boeing 737-900ER with the newer seats, sky interior and wifi delivered entertainment. What a difference. It just felt more spacious. Seats were a bit more comfortable and legroom seemed to be better. Perception is everything I guess. The crew this time were sunnier, cheerful and seemed pleased to be onboard. Pushback was right on time and arrival 18 minutes early. Service consisted of the usual morning beverages and a stroopwaffel. A second round of coffees and a couple of water runs were done as well. All with a smile. This last flight was clearly the best of 3 I took with United over the last 10 days. Pity both the shorter international sectors I experienced were not quite up to scratch and felt more like domestic runs. One thing I find United has excelled at is it's mobile app. In terms of accessible information, actual usability and integrated entertainment - I think it exceeds the capabilities of most other airlines."
"Verified Review | Melbourne to Las Vegas via Los Angeles. All things considered, United offer a good business class service for this long-haul flight. Plane left on time and food served promptly after departure. Food quality was fairly good. Movies and IFE were also good. Service was prompt and attentive. Seat reclines flat and allows you to get a good sleep. In terms of full-blown, memorable personalised service, it probably is a little below the level of other airlines. Also, there's some cost cutting aspects which became apparent after a while. I asked for another bowl of nuts some way into the flight and was told \"We're out of nuts.\" I asked for a snack and was told that they put out sandwiches and snacks, but only at the half-way point of the journey. So it seemed that they have some limitations, presumably to ensure that the cost per passenger per flight doesn't exceed a certain amount. The seats were good an modern. Possibly not as overly comfortable as some other airlines, though I slept very well on the way back. Wifi was good, when it worked! I have to say that I was generally happy overall. For a business class traveler on business, it did exactly what it needed to do."
"Verified Review | Boston to Newark and Newark to London Heathrow. Only good experiences - both planes quite old but equipped with entertainment sets (short haul paid, long haul was free), with good variety of movies. Seats worn out but comfortable, enough legspace even for tall people. Food - nothing special, but acceptable. Most importantly - super quick and on time boarding, both planes took of on time and landed ahead of schedule. Last, but not least - super nice crew on both flights and in the ground. On top of all that - much cheaper than the competition. Recommended and will fly again."
"Newark to Panama City with United. We received a text from United as we arrived at Newark that the flight was delayed almost 3 hours due to late inbound aircraft as a result of weather and air traffic. I was concerned as it was clear now that we would not make our connection in Panama to Cartagena despite the 90 minute layover. Customer service at Newark reaffirmed the airline would not foot the bill for a hotel because of those reasons for delay. I had travel insurance so was not worried about that too much. Eventually took off and once onboard, crew were fine and reasonably friendly. They waived the DirectTV fee due to the delay. That was good except that once you're out of the Continental USA, your viewing selection is reduced to around 8 average movies you've probably already seen. No food except for a bag of pretzels, a couple of drinks and water runs for this 5 hour flight. New seats were fairly comfortable, sky interior, seat pitch was Ok, but cabin was hot for most of the flight. However, upon landing at Panama was very pleasantly surprised by the efficient ground staff who did in fact have hotel and meal vouchers, and our connecting flight for the next day, all ready and waiting. That was a huge plus. We did have to take our luggage out and recheck them the next morning for our onward trip on Copa."
"Verified Review | There must have been something in the water at the United Airlines employee canteen. Although I'm usually wary of United Airlines because of delays and cancellations, on the three flights I took on this day all were excellent. Well excellent considering it's 2016 and one has years of poor track records with some airlines. At check in Santo Domingo even the manager was checking people in, jovially and with professionalism. Flight departed and arrived on time. The flight Newark - Los Angeles a full flight, but the flight attendants were there with good, cheerful service, with water, beverages, even a decent hot meal for purchase that was better than expected. The leg room in economy plus was adequate in bulkhead seats - overall it gave me hope that United is trying to improve its service and on time performance. Baggage arrived in timely manner - dunno maybe there was something good in the water for passengers too - all flights were A-OK."
"Flights San Francisco to Osaka return were okay. The Boeing 787-8 is nice and the legroom was adequate. The food service was fine. I find that United Airlines is fairly good on the SFO-Pacific routes since there is very stiff competition from other airlines. The cabin crew was fine. Overall service was OK."
"Our overall experience traveling on United from Barcelona to Dulles was a positive one. The flight attendants tend to look very tired and worn out but pleasant. My one concern was leaving Barcelona. When I approached the service counter to check in, I gave the employee our confirmation number. He just sat there and stared at me. I asked, \"Did I give you the right information?\". He looked annoyed and asked for our passports. As we left the counter, I doubled checked my boarding passes and only had three. Mine was missing. There were four in our party. I returned to the counter and told the employee I only had three. He said, \"I printed four.\" Well, I only had three. He pulled up the info on the computer, went to click print and guess what? Only three came out again. And as before, my boarding pass was not one of them. If the printer, computer or staff member had made the mistake, they should up to it, instead of sternly telling that they had printed it. We went to our gate and waited for the boarding call. Never heard one. We noticed people lining up to board so we headed over. No one was sorted by loading zones so when we did board, there were passengers everywhere on the plane. United out of Barcelona was not the best experience and it seemed unorganized."
"Verified Review | I fly only a couple of times per year. Over the last 5 to 10 years, that has been split between Southwest and United. That's now tipping in favor of United. The big difference is boarding. On United, even if I board the plane last, the seat that I chose online is waiting for me. On both airlines the overhead bins are a problem. But, that is not the airlines, it is the inconsiderate passengers, who drag over-sized bags, or too many bags onto the plane. The cabin crew remains helpful and courteous. How long would you last dealing with what you see on airplanes these days? I left a Samsung tablet in the seat packet. I figured that was gone. But no, the clean-up crew found it, and they called my cell phone: \"We have your tablet\". That says a lot. I am flying United, whenever I can."
"Verified Review | Service was fine and everything went as planned flying United Airlines from Dallas Fort Worth to Newark. Its a 3 hour flight and prior to boarding the gate agent reminded everyone to download the app before heading on board. Terminal has free wifi so it was slow to download but achievable, Once you have the app you could use the in-flight entertainment on your BYOD for free. There was movies and TV shows, limited choice but enough to fill the 3 hours in. Cabin crew were friendly with 2 drink services and one pre packet cookie. Like always flight was full and they asked for volunteers to check baggage first before stopping others. Gate agent was friendly and was given a exit row window seat. Nice bonus really. Baggage re claim was okay considering all the incoming flights."
"Verified Review | The United Airlines flight from Nashville to Houston was delayed almost 40 minutes due to a mechanical issue. My connection in Houston originally was about 50 minutes. I barely made my connection for my flight to Los Angeles so did not expect my luggage to be on my flight. I was amazed that my luggage was transferred so quickly. I would recommend no reclining seats. Passengers may not realize how confined the passengers behind are when they reduce the already small space by reclining. Maybe an announcement could be made to be courteous to fellow passengers."
"Verified Review | I actually am very happy with UA. I bought roundtrip tickets non-stop in July, for $199 from NYC to Austin and back. The flight there was on-time, offered in-flight movies and shows and internet access for additional cost. I couldn't get the movies to work on my laptop, but after downloading their UA app it worked fine on my android. The flight had 2 complimentary drinks, ranging from water to random juices, and a little snack. You could buy additional drinks and food if you wanted, all prices were transparent and pretty fair. The main reason why I'm writing this review is because of my flight back. I ended up being on-time but because of the TSA check point I missed my flight. The flight left exactly when it had to, and it was my fault for not arriving earlier. I called the UA phone, the lady found me a connecting flight through houston to NYC the following day. Free of charge, not the best option, but I'll take it. I ended up stopping by the front-desk so to speak of the UA before leaving the airport just to double-check. They lady at the desk found me a connecting flight that leaves in 20mins time, and because i'm a tall guy (6'4\") she even gave me isle seats! I ended up getting an economy plus isle seat to houston and a normal economy isle seat to NYC, which was sold out and overbooked, but I still got on. Anyway, I'm very happy. No charge, next-flight out, I ended up getting back home a day earlier than I technically should've, because of nice customer service! The flight was great, amenities were great, and the price! $199 roundtrip, you can't beat that!"
"Verified Review | Houston, TX to Santiago, Chile. Check-in was a easy. Boarding no problem. Upon boarding I was greeted and asked if I wanted my coat hung. As soon as I sat down in seat 2A I was offered a beverage. Inflight service and food were great. Dinner was a Turbot with 2 prawns in a lobster sauce with lentils. I never order fish on a plane and this dinner was delicious. Cocktails and Wine were served in stem glasses,. Pillow was comfy but the duvet was just ok. The purser and flight attendant were on their game the entire flight. I flew in Business from Vancouver to Houston to connect to this flight. The flight to Houston was horrible. I was in 3A on an A320. No entertainment system or cabin screens. No pillow and the blanket was like a kleenex. And this was a 4 hour flight. Food horrible but the service was good. I will never fly United within the USA."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Washington. Terminal 7 at LAX in the early morning, welcomed by the gound staff with a friendly smile at the premier access desk. The cabin of the B777 was nothing special. The IFE screen was an appropriate size, the system offered more than fifteen languages, and selection of movies was good. Likewise, the breakfast was a good quality and they provided chocolate chip cookie before we landed in Washington D.C. The crew did its utmost to meet passengers needs. The one big letdown is the coffee: Even on a four hours+ flight, only regular coffee available in the premium cabin."
"Verified Review | Newark to Las Vegas with United Airlines. Check in was a bit awkward as they have self-checkin terminals even for First Class. We needed assistance as I wanted to change my FF card and this took some time as not all agents seem to know what to do. Boarding was on-time. Seats absolutely OK with fine recline and space. Plane was full in First and Coach. Due to some issues with baggage flight was boarded but delayed by nearly 1 hour. Captain updated us frequently on the procedure which was very much appreciated. Crew over all very friendly and attentive. My expectations on food were low reading all the bad reviews about United - but I was positively surprised. We got salmon and this was absolutely fine. On my next trip to US I will for sure fly United again - and invest the extra money for First as this might be the difference."
"Miami to Newark. Very full flight but the crew working this flight was exceptional in that they were proactive with helping with hand carry stowage, smiling and genuinely friendly as far as I could see for the duration of the flight. Standard beverage service with the tiny bag of snacks and a water run prior to landing. Economy cabin with the sky interior, the new leather slimline seats, power outlets and free Wifi entertainment. Seats looked smart but begin to feel hard after 2 hours. I think it'd be a pain going trans con in this. Entertainment was ok with a good enough selection for a 2:20 flight duration. I accessed thru the United app on my phone. Having free entertainment is the way to go. After all the nickel and diming for everything else. A good crew here made all the difference. More snacks like on JetBlue would have made it even better."
"Verified Review | Washington to Barcelona with United. It is generally true for United that things were better in pre-Continental merger but it all ain't that bad either. I have flown the B767-400ER and B777 on several transatlantic routes this summer in both classes. I was surprised at how much more comfortable the B764 was as compared to the B777. The B777 felt packed (3-3-3 configuration in coach and awkward backward facing seats in business), while the B764 felt very spacious, clean and modern (2-3-2 in coach and 2-1-2 in business, all forward facing and not too many seats, so quieter). There were also no bothersome IFE equipment boxes under the window seats in coach. I would recommend searching routes that operate the B764 over the B777 - I really believe it is superior in terms of cabin layout and passenger comfort. BusinessFirst very comfortable flat bed seats (I am 179cm). Food quality ok, the main course was very good (beef with steamed vegetables) as well as the cheese and desert (nice detail they cut the cheese at your seat, so it feels fresh). The starter salad was very uncreative and plain bad actually, and no olive oil option as a dressing. But OK, it's an US airline so just don't expect any proper food to come out of that. Food in coach was also good with 3 separate serving rounds for appetiser, meal and desert+coffee. Great idea to hand out water bottles before the sleeping phase of the flight. Next time I will opt for the express dining option in business, as the full dining service takes so much time that you have little left for sleeping. Some people argue the seat configuration in business should be 1-2-1 rather than 2-1-2, but I disagree, while 1-2-1 is perfect for solo business travelers as everyone has isle access, I feel that when traveling with my partner (or any other person) I want to sit together by the window, so 2-1-2 does make sense to me. The business experience in United may not be up to the standards of European and Asian carriers, but (at least on my flights) you also pay less, so I think it offers great value for money. Would fly in United BusinessFirst again, but preferably on the B764."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to San Francisco return. A mixed bag like all big American carriers. Boeing 747 on outbound flight was worn and outdated without ptv (it's 2016!). You can connect via wifi to the UA-app to view movies, but this app doesn't work on Android tablets (fix it UA!), so you have to use your phonescreen. App wasn't working at all the first hour. Legroom bad, food and drinks okay and adequate, American crew very informal. They didn't even bother about the uniforms, because a woman whom I thought was a passenger turned out to be a flight attendant. Inbound flight in Boeing 777 with ptv which also didn't work for the first hour. Promised wifi didn't work at all. Mainly UK based rather cold crew. Food and drinks again okay. Both flights punctual. All in all: UA is certainly not on par with Asian and Middle Eastern airlines - no amenities kit in economy for example- so I would avoid if you have a choice."
"Travelled from London to Chicago on the morning of 17th August (UA928) with my recently widowed daughter, and her 7 month old baby, to visit another daughter. The staff on board were excellent and very helpful, but just after I left the plane we discovered I had left our jackets on the plane. A member of staff said go back in and get them, but I was met at the door by the rudest person, \"don't put one foot in here\" she said - so, so rude, I think she was the head hostess. I find people are nice or they are not, there was no need for such rudeness."
"Verified Review | Flew from Los Angeles to Honolulu on a family vacation. Boarding was surprisingly quick for such a large plane. The staff that greeted us were very polite and pointed us towards our seats. The plane did not have any monitors but was fittied with wifi. Only issue with the wifi is that it doesn't work over the pacific so doesn't matter. This isn't United's fault but with the wifi provider. There was no food offered on this flight but got the stroopwafel and drinks. I love the waffel so I didn't complain and asked for one more. We were also given a blanket which was nice because the plane did get a bit chilly as our flight was early morning. Once, we took off the flight was bump free and smooth as it got. I have been on many flights and have done this flight numerous times with many airlines. This flight had to be the smoothest I have been on. Overall the only thing I wish they had was actual food on the flight and working wifi but the latter cant be blamed on United. Hawiian Airlines does offer food from LA to HNL so I wish that was offered. Other than that United has been trying hard to please their customers and I think they are headed in the right direction."
"Flew from Washington Dulles to Narita. United Business/First is fine as far as it goes. Service was attentive, food (I ordered the delicious Japanese selection) was ample, well presented and tasty. There were plenty of choices of things to watch, many of them unusual and interesting. Although there was not a lot of attention between meal services, there were always staff walking around. Water was given out from time to time. In other words, a perfectly adequate experience, but not stellar by any standard. The 8-across configuration is so yesterday. There is virtually no privacy and the seats. though comfortable are not generously sized at all. United Business/First is just not up to the standards set by most non-American carriers."
"Verified Review | A domestic flight from Memphis to Chicago with United Airlines in Economy class. The aircraft was quite clean and also quite comfortable too. The attendants was polite and efficient and offered soft drinks, juice and water for free, which was well appreciated when it was over 30C outside. An ok medium range domestic flight."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Chicago, got to the airport, went to Premier Access to check my bags and didn't need to wait in any line. For some reason, I was not assigned TSA PRE on this flight even though I am Global Entry, but I was accomodated in the First Class/Premier Access line (Atlanta doesn't have an official United Premier line. United Club was nice and cozy. It is much newer than other United lounge. Boarding process smooth, I showed up just as the last First Class/Group 1 passengers were boarding so I walked right in. Plane was new and modern. Seats were extremely spacious, food was good, and the DirectTV displays were free in United First. Overall, great experience."
"Verified Review | San Pedro Sula to Denver via Houston. Having other negative experiences with United, I was generally satisfied with this trip. This was the cheapest option for my trip, and had the best connection times. On the way down to Honduras, there was no issues except that the personal in-flight entertainment wasn't working for some of the flight down to Houston, which wasn't a big deal because I brought myself plenty of things to do. Both the flights from Denver and Houston left on time, and the flight from Denver arrived a little early. Coming back wasn't quite as smooth. I checked in online and printed boarding passes from the hotel's computer rather than doing it at the airport. However, the airport staff in San Pedro Sula wanted the version printed from the airport (not United's fault). What my biggest gripe is that once I get to the ticket counter, I am rudely told that since I already have a boarding pass, they can't print me another one. Luckily, I was able to eventually get to the secure part of the airport. Then when I am trying to board, the ground service rejects the boarding pass which I printed off of the United website, and almost wouldn't let me board. After a few minutes of verification, they finally let me board, but first give me a lecture about \"not having a boarding pass\". Overall, all the flights were fine. The cabin crew were all very friendly, and since I have the United App, I could access the personal entertainment, which had a good selection of movies. They offered drinks, and the service was done very quickly. The legroom was a little tight, but the seats themselves were comfortable and the airplane was clean. With the exception of ground service in San Pedro Sula, I was satisfied with the airline. I may consider using them in the future."
"Verified Review | Flew round-trip between Los Angeles and London Heathrow on United Airlines. Check-in was smooth via self-serve kiosks in L.A. and London. Security screening was efficient in both airports as well. Food was excellent. On-board Wi-fi helped me stay connected with loved ones. The power outlet on B777-200 is located underneath the seat and is a bit awkward to reach. Having tried power outlets on multiple airlines, they tend to be unreliable (ie, sometimes there is no power coming through the outlet). On the flight from L.A. to London, there was an incident where water was dripping from the ceiling and passengers were very concerned. The issue was resolved without any impact on flight schedule."
"Reno to Philadelphia via Los Angeles and Chicago, returning from Philadelphia to Reno via Chicago. We seem to have good luck with United and this trip did not disappoint. All legs of this trip were on time with maybe a 15 minute delay on one of the flights. Everything pretty much went like clockwork. The ground crew were pleasant, flight staff had smiles, looked well dressed and made for an enjoyable flight. We had a tight connection coming home via Denver and were the last to board but everything worked out fine. It was nice to see the flight attendants hand out little airline wings to the kids on the plane. Our luggage was at our destinations both going and coming so no complaints there. We did purchase snack boxes and a breakfast bowl on the way home and they were both rather tasty and reasonably priced. All in all United did a fine job and I may be just one of the lucky ones, but seldom if ever do we have any issues flying this airline."
"Verified Review | Very good airline. Changed from Aer Lingus to United as my main Dublin to US airline because of a couple of mess ups in my seats the last few times travelling with them. This trip was the first time me flying business with United. Had no issues very well treated on the flight, had lie-down beds so I slept for 4 hours of the 7-hour flight the other 3 hours were usually having a lovely 5-course meal provided. The amenities in business were fantastic too. Boarding was very quick it was not a hugely busy flight business class had about 9/16 seats taken. The only thing I dislike is they did not offer free wifi to their business customers! Overall they're my new favourite airline to fly with."
"Flew from Indianapolis - Chicago as a codeshare of Air Canada. Since this is a short flight, there is nothing much to be said. The flight was very punctual. There was neither beverages nor food on board. Although the airplane was said to provide free entertainment through its wifi network, I did not try it because I did not download the United App."
"Washington to San Diego. My last experience on United Airlines domestic flight was plesant. From booking to online check-in process, baggage drop off at the airport, boarding process - everything went perfect. United Airlines Premium Economy product is quite good and the additional legroom is very good. Overall staff experience was good!"
"Verified Review | Flew United from Shreveport to Orange County via Houston. Flight from SHV to IAH on ERJ-135 was overbooked. They asked for a volunteer to give up seat. First offer was for $500, but no one took it. When United raised the offer to $600, I volunteered to give up my seat. After a few minutes of processing my request, United told me that I wouldn't have to give up my seat, but they upgraded me to Premium Economy for my next segment on Airbus 319 from Houston to Orange County. The extra leg room in Premium Economy was a welcome addition to my journey. Unfortunately, one of the bathrooms in A319 wasn't working, so Premium Economy passengers were allowed to use the bathroom for 1st class passengers."
"Verified Review | I have flown United once before and swore never again, however I had heard they had improved so gave them another go flying from Newark to Birmingham, UK. I was pleasantly surprised the check in staff were helpful and we just sailed through. Yes we were delayed but what could United do about a thunderstorm. Communication about gate changes and the delay could have been much better, but once we boarded the plane the staff were fantastic. The only thing that let down the whole experience was the food at Newark International Airport. It is disgusting and this is from someone who will eat anything and not complain. We had heard it was bad but did not believe it, believe everything you hear and eat before you arrive. The only saving grace is that there is a Starbucks, which is about the worst I have been to all over the world, but better than anything else we found in the six hours we spent at this airport."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Sao Paulo. I fly United a lot, because I live in Chicago and have the opportunity to collect miles and other benefits. Generally, I've been satisfied with this arrangement. I'm not unrealistic about United - you definitely don't get the small luxuries that Asian and some European airlines provide, but United generally provides competent, reliable service, and most staff members are reasonably friendly. Recent flights to and from GRU were par for the course. The flights were on time. Staff were efficient. The economy plus seats were fine. The small screens on the 767s are pretty bad, but I understand why it might not be worth updating them. I don't eat meat and have learned that \"Asian vegetarian\" tends to be better quality than regular vegetarian. The \"Asian vegetarian\" suppers were reasonable in both directions, although there was nothing at all Asian about the GRU to ORD supper (soy burgers plus rice and vegetables). The ORD to GRU supper was quite good and (except maybe for the curried tofu) quite South Asian. It even came with plain yogurt. However, United should be embarrassed by the breakfasts (in both directions), which consisted entirely of a stale roll and a tiny package of jam. People who didn't request a special meal got a croissant and a sweetened yogurt, which would have been just as \"Asian vegetarian\" as what I did get. My seatmate who (unlike me) is actually South Asian was just furious. This is the sort of thing that undermines United's improving reputation. Asian and most European airlines are much more generous about breakfasts and usually provide vegetarians (and everyone else) with a full meal. Let me add that I complained about the breakfast on the GRU to ORD flight to an FA as gently as I could, and she very nicely supplied me with a regular breakfast. I urged my seatmate to do the same, and he just got angrier. I appreciated the reasonable-quality wine that United is now distributing for free in economy."
"Originally supposed to fly Spirit. Flight cancelled and they will not get me on another one to Houston for two days. I must get home to take care of my 90 year old mother. After cancellation at 9.30 pm, I went to United window and a wonderful lady at the counter was so helpful. The bottom line is I was able to get home, leaving that night. The staff member went to the gate to make sure things went smoothly since there was a lot involved in her getting this to work - the crew on the incoming flight had to approve going onward if we were to leave Minneapolis."
"Washington IAD to San Francisco and then 4 days later from San Francisco to Paris CDG with United. Both long flights, I was in economy, both times with priority boarding and in a window or aisle seat, which is important to me. I get priority with my Chase United credit card, I bought a package that included Premiere Access to check in with priority boarding for the flight to Paris, and I was glad I did, because I thereby avoided the mob of people at SFO waiting for access to the check in machines. Both of my seats were quite comfortable, I did not feel cramped. I am just under 6 feet tall and quite thin. I bought access to back of the seat entertainment on the IAD to SFO flight in advance at a slight discount, it was free on the Paris flight. I did not buy any food on the domestic US flight, but United has started handing out tiny little bags of savory snacks on their US flights, which is quite new. The food on the Paris flight was not a gourmet treat by any means, but it was OK. There was free wine or beer on that flight too, another new thing. Both of the flights departed and arrived on time, and delivered my luggage at my destination. Flight attendants were pleasant. So not a luxurious experience but an efficient one that did what I paid them to do. I think people tend to write reviews when they are infuriated by a terrible experience or delighted by a superlative one. So I thought I would even things out a bit by a review of United that says \"it was fine\"."
"Quick and easy check in procedure at Geneva Airport. United boards from the C-pier via busses to the apron (our 767 and the IAD plane, were parked at the opposite end of the terminal, as there is construction here to build a new international long haul pier). Flight was maybe 25% full so a real treat to board an empty plane. United has done a nice job of updating these 767's that sports the 2 class cabin. It was clean and tidy, if standard United look and feel. Cabin crew were very pleasant on this empty flight. Departure was right on time. Good selection of films to pass the 8 hour + journey. Smooth flight. Flight deck kept us informed of progress. Food was very basic and not much of it. Mid flight ice cream and a pre-landing hot sandwich. WIFI did not work at all. Immigration, baggage claim, and onto Manhattan in 20 minutes after deplaning. Would have preferred the later Swiss flight to JFK on the A330-300 but this was a great alternative not just because it was empty, but because it was on time and early departure. United still have a long way to up their game but progress is slowly showing."
"I was pleasantly surprised all in all with both flights on United this day. The flight to Chicago from Raleigh was fine, nice plane I have to admit. I liked having only one person next to me. The weather was not the best due to summer thunderstorms but we managed to go around them which was nice. Plane was clean and had a good crew. We arrived a few minutes late but that was fine. My next flight was on a B-900 and all went well until we got all in our seats and buckled up, the pilot came on and announced there was a fuel leak on number two engine. Well, we sat there for just over an hour and finally and off we went. Had an all male attendant crew, first time I have seen that. I was in coach, on the aisle which was not fun but oh well. I purchased food which was pretty decent I must admit. Plane was clean and the crew did a good job of taking care of us. The pilot came back prior to takeoff and met with us and answered questions, that was a smart move. All in all the flight, the crew etc was fine. United did a solid job."
"Flew from Los Angeles to Honolulu on a Boeing 777-200 with United Airlines. Check-in was quick and smooth and boarded on time. The plane was quite old with no personal TV screens, but had wifi which was at times slow and you could use the United app on your phone to watch their selection of movies and TV shows. The seats were surprisingly comfortable. Crew were Honolulu based and seemed fine but they could've been better. The only complementary beverages on this morning flight was a caramel-filled waffle, cookies and drinks, everything else you have to pay for so make sure you eat at the terminal or lounge before the flight. Felt more like a budget airline. Plane was completely full as the flight continued to Guam. Overall, the flight was alright but could've been better. Next time, I'll probably choose the 737 or 757 flight later in the day."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Los Angeles. Check in by machine but assistance was good. United Airlines Lounge in SFO very pleasant and new, bar staff smiling. On board there were significant delays and in First Class drinks were served on the ground with a smile as well. Snacks only on this short flight. Felt that the crew did all that they could to keep passengers happy during the weather related delay. Flight was late and bags took a while to be delivered, the terminal is a mess at the moment at LAX due to refurbishment. Very pleasant overall."
"Verified Review | Flew 3 sectors with United Airlines: Los Angeles - Salt Lake City, Salt Lake City - Los Angeles via San Francisco. More than pleasantly surprised. All full flights but every part of the journey was efficiently managed. Flights left on time and arrived on time. Friendly service. Planes were well maintained and very clean. Expensive but delivered what I wanted."
"Omaha to Tampa via Chicago with United. Great service, on time departures and early arrivals. Crew was nice, plane clean, leg room was good, free snacks, whole can of soda without asking, all in all, very good. Will fly with United again! The inflight entertainment was good. If your plane doesn't have TV's, you can get the United App and watch movies and TV on your device for free. United WiFi good and in just about all their planes!"
"UA6 (Narita - Houston, 772 / Boeing 777-200) and UA1461 (Houston - San Salvador, 738 / Boeing 737-800) on 12 Jun 2016. Having read many negative reviews and horror stories of United Airlines, I went in with lowered expectations. The flights overall turned out okay, even though it was eventful and I did encounter problems like flight diversion and flight and baggage delays. First, UA6. The personal screen on the 772 was touchscreen and not very big. The touchscreen was not sensitive, and the system was not very user-friendly. That said, they have a decent repertoire of entertainment, even though they may not always be the latest (e.g. movies). The food turned out better than I expected, but this assumes you made the right choices (on my return flight, to be separately reviewed, I made the wrong choices). First meal (dinner) was chicken with rice, second meal (breakfast) was chicken and egg with rice, Japanese style. Both were actually good. Ice cream (vanilla) was served after the first meal, and in between the 12-hour flight they served drinks and also a burger. However, only the salad was horrible - edamame beans should not be served as a salad. Service was decent too - remember, if you are nice to the flight attendant (e.g. you are polite to them), they will also be nice to you. Seat was reasonably comfortable too. Unfortunately for this flight, bad weather at Houston caused us to divert to Austin, where we waited on the tarmac to refuel, and some snacks were distributed while waiting. This caused us to land at Houston eventually 3 hours late - and we thought we missed our connecting flight. Next, UA1461. We thought we would miss this flight, which was due to depart almost 3 hours after UA6 was supposed to land (If it was on time) at Houston. However this flight was also delayed, so we managed to rush on despite arriving late and being caught in security checks and waiting for baggage which did not arrive on the belt. Not the airline's fault, but do check with Houston airport staff if your baggage needs to be collected at the luggage belt at Houston to be re-checked, because ours didn't need to be but we did not know. This flight was on a newer 738, but no in-flight entertainment. Snacks (a small pack of zesty snack mix) and drinks were served, but you could buy meals (e.g. sandwiches, pasta, salad) if you wish. I bought a pasta, which was reasonable (a tad pricey, but I could live with it). Flight was delayed presumably by bad weather at Houston, but also because they were slow with loading the luggage (I could see from my window they were still loading the luggage even past the departure time). In the end, unfortunately my luggage did not make it from my delayed UA6 to my delayed UA1461, and I had to proceed to their airport staff at San Salvador airport to lodge a case. I have to give them credit for being rather efficient in locating my luggage, putting it on the next flight that night, and delivering it to me the next day by noon - this whole process could have gone much worse, so I am glad it was well-handled. Overall, UA did not turn out as bad as I had expected it to be for my first time, even though I did experience my first diversion and delayed luggage, despite having flown regularly for many years with other airlines."
"UA1541 (Tegucigalpa - Houston, 737 / Boeing 737-700), UA1699 (Houston - San Francisco, 789 / Boeing 787-900), and UA1 (San Francisco - Singapore, 789) on 17 Jun 2016. First, UA1541. Surprised to see that there was a personal screen, but it was with DirecTV and pre-recorded movies, and not available free of charge. However, in the end movies were made available free of charge, presumably due to slight delays on the ground at the start of the flight. Snacks (a small pack of zesty snack mix) and drinks were served, but you could buy meals (e.g. sandwiches, pasta, salad) if you wish. I bought a wrap, which was reasonable (a tad pricey, but I could live with it). I had wanted the sandwich but it was out of stock. Next, UA1699. In-flight entertainment was miles ahead since it was newer, though I notice the selection was less compared to my next sector which was a 16-hour international flight. Food was available for purchase, though the usual snacks and drinks were available free-of-charge. I did not buy anything, and survived on a zesty snack pack with Sprite. My seat was supposed to be window seat, but the window was misaligned so I had to lean forward to gaze outside. It was great to have no one sitting next to me in the middle, which enhanced the amount of space available considering that the Dreamliner in 3-3-3 seating is known to be rather cramped. Finally, UA1, newly launched earlier this month. I had expected it to be very painful to fly 16 hours on a cramped 787. It turned out to be uncomfortable but still bearable. Managed to get some light sleep, managed to be sufficiently entertained too. What failed me was the food. The first meal (dinner), I made the wrong choice and had a (vegetarian, but you dont know until you get it) pasta with just spinach, cheese and tomato sauce. Salad was as usual horrible. Luckily the ice-cream saved the day. In between I missed the turkey ham roll as I was asleep, but it was available at the back of the plane for self-service. That was helpful to stave off hunger pangs. The second meal (breakfast) was literally the worst in-flight meal I ever had. I did not have a choice as they had run out of the eggs, so there was only a (vegetarian again) noodle in some funky weird black sauce, with weird tasting mushroom, edamame (horrible again) and red pepper. Absolute disaster, so bad that my neighbour and I did not finish the food. Without the bun and butter I would have starved. Seat comfort-wise, legroom and width was okay though my friend who was a bit bigger sized and seated at the aisle could feel a significant narrower seat width compared to the other flights - his shoulders were up against the neighbour in the middle seat. Overall, service and food on board seemed to be not as good as my outbound flights from NRT to SAL via IAH, though the in-flight entertainment was better on the newer Dreamliner."
"Flew Los Angeles to Newark with United Airlines. Check in and Security at LAX took about 20 minutes. When we boarded the plane, the jet bridge was fairly empty, and we walked onto the plane very quickly. When we got onto the jet, the cabin crew were nice and welcoming. The aisles on the plane were fairly crowded, but it took a short amount of time to get to our seats in the back of the plane. When we sat down, the seat was pretty comfortable. However, the seat cushion moved a little bit, because of the life vest underneath, but it was barely noticeable. The takeoff was pretty smooth, and after a few minutes we were at cruising altitude. The first drink/snack service came out about 1 hour into the flight. After the snack, I turned on the inflight entertainment system. There were a handful of movies to watch on the system and there were games you could play with other passengers on the flight. After the second snack service came out, we were approaching EWR. The landing was very smooth, and we were at the gate 5 minutes after landing."
"Verified Review | On all legs of flight, Atlanta to Chicago to Hong Kong and finally Singapore, flying business class, we had nothing short of a very good experience/trip. The attendants were wonderful and accomodating, the food was satisfactory, plane was clean, restrooms very well maintained and Flat bed comfortable enough to sleep well with headphones on to reduce plane noises. We were prepared to be disappointed because it was not our first choice and cheaper than other similar airlines offering. I will post again after our return to the US to report if the return was as good as the outgoing."
"Montreal to Mexico via Newark. I was not looking forward to flying United Airlines but was positively surprised in many aspects. The flight out of Montreal departed on time. The small Embraer was in very good condition and the short service and snacks was enough for this short flight. Connecting through EWR from Canada is not an issue as immigration is pre-cleared, so I headed directly to the lounge. The food offerings are not that great and the lounge is crowded, but drink variety is good, lounge is clean and service very good. I have mixed feeling for the second leg of the trip: the plane was not very new, but it was clean and well maintained. Cabin crew were very friendly and nice; the purser even found out my birthday had been the day before and she said congratulations. Food portions were small, but the selection was well balanced. However, once the service was over, FAs retreated to the galley, I do not know if they did any drink rounds as I fell asleep for quite a bit. Air Canada does offer a far superior business class product on similar length flights in terms of food; service was more friendly on UA. IFE was the Direct TV product I was not familar with and I did not like that much. Pilots kept passengers informed continuously. Overall it was a nice flight and the price was amazingly cheap."
"Washington to Denver. My fiance and myself were late to boarding because the parking lot driver told us he was going to the correct terminal and did not so, we were late to board. An extremely nice United Airlines employee helped us switch our flight and we only had to wait an hour! Extremely thankful for her help!"
"Los Angeles to London Heathrow with United. It took us about 25 minutes to check in and go through security. When we got to the gate area, we went to the United Lounge. The construction at LAX was going on, and the United Lounge was flooding so we had to go to the United Business/First Class Lounge instead. The Lounge was extremely overcrowded, and we had to wait 10 minutes just to get a seat. When we got to the gate, we boarded in 10 minutes. The plane was a 777-200, and it had comfortable seats. They served dinner after take-off. UA have the most amazing entertainment system. I slept until after breakfast, and when I woke up there was my breakfast on my tray however, the smell of the breakfast was repulsive, and I did not eat it. When we approached and circled around London, the captain flew around the city pointing landmarks out. When we landed, it took about 5 minutes to get off the plane."
"Los Angeles to Newark with United. This flight was pretty good. When we got to LAX it took about 3 minutes to check in. The boarding took about 5 minutes and we were on the plane in no time. When we were in the air there were about 3 drink services on the whole flight. The entertainment screen had a lot of movies and TV shows. There was a normal amount of legroom. The only bad thing was that there was not much room to get out of the row to walk around the cabin. The seat cushion was loose and it moved around a lot."
"Verified Review | Belfast to Newark return with United Airlines - it was great to be able to fly to direct. The flight departed on time and the service, both on the ground and inflight was attentive, unobtrusive and professional. The food was fantastic, with plenty of options. Entertainment was plentiful and kept us more than occupied for the duration of the flight. The seat was comfortable and the ability to lie flat was a real bonus on the inbound overnight flight. I would definitely recommend United BusinessFirst."
"Verified Review | Houston to Philadelphia with United. I will be swimming against the tide it seems to praise United, but I certainly intend to do that. Prior to boarding the flight in IAH a colleague fell ill. We advised the customer service centre of this and they immediately arranged for a paramedic. We spent some time in a local hospital and following discharge United rerouted us directly to our destination (previously we were flying via DEN) and provided upgraded Economy Plus boarding passes. All for no additional charge. When it came to the crunch they were fantastic. That's customer service."
"Verified Review | UA3345, Chicago - Washington on an E-175. Operated for United Airlines by Republic Airlines. This was the last leg of a nearly one-month trip that took me from PHL-DOH-KWI-DOH-PVG-DOH-KWI-DOH-LAX-YVR-ORD and now home to Washington. Of course, only on an American carrier do I find myself being spoken rudely to by member of the cabin crew. After boarding and taking my seat 2A (single seat by the window), I went to use the forward lavatory. The cockpit door was wide open with the captain, a young woman, sitting sideways in her seat. I greeted her and we started chatting. She was very interested to hear of several recent flights I’d had on the new A350 operated by QR. The FA in the first galley, interrupted me to say, “excuse me sir, you are in my space”. I replied, “I’m speaking with the captain” and moved slightly closer to the lavatory door. The captain and I chatted for a few more moments, then I went into the lavatory. Before the lavatory door was even shut, I heard the FA staying loudly to the captain, “I’m sorry, he just started talking to you”. I came out of the lavatory and said, “What is it that you are sorry for? I can speak to the captain before the door is closed and we push back from the gate. She was quite happy to have a conversation with me”. The FA said nothing. I went to my seat. The FA then came to ask me if I wanted something to drink pre-departure. I told her that it was rude of her to say what she said to the captain in a loud voice and that she could, at the least, have said once I was out of earshot. Before I had even finished speaking she just walked away from me. She came back to my seat and I asked her, “do you always just walk away while a passenger is speaking to you”. She mumbled something which wasn’t anything close to an apology. Unacceptably rude behavior and bad attitude toward a premium passenger in a first class cabin. Not such a nice ending to a long multi-segment trip."
"United Airlines was outstanding on my recent trip from Boston to London. I was originally booked to fly from Boston to London via Washington-Dulles airport but around 8 hours before departure, I received a notification that the flight from Boston to DC had been canceled. I called United and got through to a friendly agent who confirmed that I had already been rebooked onto a new itinerary via Newark that would get me to London only 3 hours later than originally planned. She booked me into an economy plus seat as I am a silver member and apologized for the cancelation. The check-in process had a couple minor problems at Boston as the self-service machine would not print a bag tag for me but an agent quickly assisted me at the counter. Boarding process was efficient -the new automatic ticket scanning gates at terminal B in Boston definitely speed up the process. I gate-checked one of my carry ons because it was too large to fit in the overhead bin. Onboard the short flight from BOS to EWR, there was personal device entertainment, which was a pleasant surprise as this was on a very small EMB-170 aircraft, which usually has no entertainment. Onboard service was minimal on this 45 minute flight and only water was offered. Nevertheless it was a comfortable flight. There was one small hiccup in the trip on arrival at Newark airport when I had to wait around 10 minutes to get my carry on back from gate check but I retrieved it in the end and everything went well with the connection. The long flight from Newark to London was very good with courteous and attentive flight attendants. Dinner was served promptly after take-off and the food was decent by airline standards. The only disappointment was that there was no dessert except for a small pot of sorbet which had a strange taste, and water was strangely only provided after the meal instead of before. Entertainment options were plentiful with personal device entertainment or seat back on demand with a varied selection. Seats were comfortable when reclined and there was plenty of leg room in economy plus. Upon arrival in London, the baggage claim process was very efficient and the bags were already on the belt by the time I got through customs. Overall, a seamless, comfortable and relaxed trip with United. In the past, I have had trouble with United but they are quickly learning from their mistakes and improving greatly. I will definitely continue flying with them in the future."
"As a regular flier on United's international routes, I have found service in the last year have improved. I am always in the premium economy section (only gives one more legroom unlike other airlines which deliver a premium economy as something midway between business and economy). This flight from Munich to Washington was fine. The food was pretty tasty, and included a premium ice cream. The snack before landing was perfect. Service was cordial and efficient, with water and other drinks offered on a regular basis. They handed out individual bottles of water. There was a great selection of films and tv. My only complaint would be the toilets, which go unattended for the entire flight - and some of them get pretty messed up."
"Washington to Rome with United Airlines. United is finally making some progress. The meals have improved. The entertainment choices are broad. The crew was accommodating and upbeat. The flight was certainly better than a UA flight I took 8 months ago from Dulles to Tokyo where the food was very poor."
"Verified Review | Frankfurt to Newark with United Airlines and a very good flight. Very comfortable and good food. Also good IFE, only bad thing was that they had unfriendly crew. Ontime flight. Much to watch on screen and much leg room. Good price quality!"
"Verified Review | I booked United Airlines flight 3692 from Austin to MSP on May 11, 2016. There was an mechanical problem with the door so the passengers were diverted to other flights. The purpose of my trip was to attend my brother's funeral, I had to be there on time. I explained my need to get to Minnesota before 1:30 and the AUS attendant got me onto the next flight to Houston to make the next flight to MSP which was scheduled to arrive at 1:17pm. The National Cemetery is right next to the airport and the time is approximately 10 minutes from the airport to the cemetery via the highway. At Houston, I asked the attendant if I could be off the plane first when it arrived at MSP. She said \"No\" but she did move my seat assignment closer to the door. I also asked if they could request a sky cab/cart upon landing so it could take me to the taxi cab stands located outside the airport. They made those arrangements for me. Fortunately the plane arrived 10 minutes earlier than the scheduled arrival time. The sky cab/cart arrived just as I got into the terminal. The driver whisked me as close as he could to the taxi cab stands and explained the quickest way to get to the taxis. I want to thank all attendants, the MSP cab/cart driver and the taxi cab driver for getting me to my brother's funeral 5 minutes before the 1:30 start time."
"Newark to Melbourne via Los Angeles with United. Much better than I expected. Flights were punctual. Aircraft cabins and toilets were clean. Food was tasty. Seats comfortable. Entertainment was barely ok, I like European films better than US and there were none. Water tasted awful but I have been warned about aeroplane water often enough to not take more than a sip. The total cost of my 7 flights was 30% less than \"Oneworld\". My only issue is that US airports are awful, but that has nothing to do with United."
"Maybe I was lucky, but all my flights during my recent trip to the US were great. Flew from Munich to Las Vegas via Newark and on the return San Diego to Munich via Chicago. All flights on time, very friendly and cheerful flight attendants on all 4 trips. Food was ok, entertainment system on the longhaul flights had a good variety of movies, TV shows etc. Nothing to complain about with the seats. I would recommend United."
"Verified Review | Overnight flight from Newark to Heathrow. We upgraded to premium economy for this flight and it was my first experience with UA. Boarding was smooth, assigned a row to join which was marked on the boarding pass. Welcomed on board and found the seats, two of us travelling and we discovered that no one was assigned to the third seat in our row which made it a bit more comfortable. Legroom was good although seat width felt a bit narrow and looked to be the same as economy. That was about it in the way of 'perks' compared to economy as far as I could see. As for the flight, one hour delay in taking off and strong winds delayed our arrival. Good choice of entertainment. Meals were reasonable and I managed to get a brief nap. I had a look at the economy legroom and it looked poor, so I was glad we upgraded but I would class it as only extra legroom rather than a premium product."
"Verified Review | United Airlines has picked up its game and this flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, even though short was very pleasant and comfortable. We experienced a weather delay. storms in Las Vegas prior to departure. The captain let us off the aircraft and the gate team gave us updates every 15 minutes on what was happening. Even when the gate staff changed shift the updates keep happening. It was very professional and made the delay manageable. Onboard service was great and despite being a 43 minute flight a quick beverage and snack service. Surprising as the cabin crew had to ran to make this happen."
"Verified Review | We travelled with United Airlines in Domestic First and International Business class from Las Vegas to Dublin via Washington, the return leg of an earlier DUB-IAD-SAN booking. Checked in at LAS at a staffed desk, this was quick friendly and efficient. After security, which was quiet at the time of the process, we made our way to the Lounge for a 1+ hour wait. Plenty of drinks and nibbles were available and the food area was clean and tidy. It was too early in the day to use the bar! Boarding was by the standard UA ‘Group’ System, and being in the first group as stated the boarding pass this was completely painless. On board welcome drinks were offered prior to departure. Meal orders for lunch were also taken. After departure we noticed that the aircraft appeared to level off a bit early and that turns were being made over the Lake Mead area. This manoeuvre lasted for about 10+minutes which we found to be slightly alarming. My co-traveller mentioned this to one of the FAs who advised that ‘systems’ were being checked. No flight deck announcement was ever made on this situation. Once the aircraft started to climb again and it was obvious that the aircraft was on course for IAD we were able to relax more and enjoy the well presented lunch and numerous top ups of wine! In spite of the unusual post departure manoeuvres the flight arrived at the gate in IAD a few minutes early. We checked the gate number for the onward DUB flight which was departing a few gates away on the same concourse. We were able to use the UA lounge at IAD for a short stay, this facility was heaving at the time of our mid evening visit so perhaps not so enjoyable. Boarding for Dublin flight commenced about 20 minutes late due to the aircraft's delay from a previous flight. On board the FA in charge greeted each Business-First passenger, and as on the previous sector drinks were service prior to departure along with orders for dinner. Inflight, dinner and more drinks were served. Having eaten earlier there was actually too much food on offer! We did notice that most fellow travellers had skipped the final cheese and desert courses to try and get some sleep. Around 1.5 hours out of Dublin a breakfast was served. The aircraft arrived 10 minutes early. From the gate it was a fair walk along corridors to the immigration and customs area which was near empty at the time of our visit. To conclude, the service on all sectors was great. The tickets purchased in ‘P’ booking class which originated in Dublin were competitively priced, and worth the extra trip from Edinburgh."
"Verified Review | Washington to Melbourne via Los Angeles with United - the worst things about this route are the terminals and the United Clubs. D terminal at IAD is little better than a Quonset hut with carpeting, and Terminal 7 at LAX is a smelly, dirty disgrace made even worse by blaring security announcements every few minutes. The United Clubs in both places are old, tatty, dirty and full of people having loud, self-important conversations on cellphones since UA does nothing to regulate this kind of conduct. The Boeing 772 service to LAX was fully loaded, boarding was orderly, except that the cabin crew did nothing to assist disabled passengers to get seated and sorted before the rest of us got on. It was the same with disembarkation at LAX, so the aisles were brought to a standstill by poor people with physical limits trying to get on and off with the rest of us. The 772 was old and showing it. Things did not work. My IFE system went on the fritz. An FA willingly reset it and then checked, and when it still did not recover, gave me a coupon which I later used online to add 5,000 points to my Mileage Plus account. The inflight wifi also did not work for me 90 percent of the time, but my neighbour could use it it, albeit with very slow up and down speeds. One has to apply online for a refund. The Boeing 787 LAX-MEL was still new and fully functional, and this time the food was edible, though the portions were minuscule, and with dinner service about 1 hour after lift off and breakfast about 1 hour before landing, the 12-13 hours without food in between seemed long, even to me who is not a big eater, though one can buy food from the food for purchase menu. The crew on this leg were short on customer service skills, barking out requests, never a \"please\" or \"thank you\" and not a single hydration round. They seemed pretty sour about something, but when I went to the rear galley to find an empty restroom, a few of them were sitting around and chatting in a very jovial way with each other. Toilets not maintained at all for the 15 hours. Even so, we were on time, things went efficiently, the IFE choices were good, and the IFE system on the B789 was very good. If the hard product on the old 772s is upgraded and the effort to promote customer service skills among cabin crew continues, the improvement in United's service I've noticed over the last couple of years might just continue."
"Verified Review | It was my first time flying with United Airlines and it turned out to be quite a pleasant flight, United Airlines was the cheapest full service airline which offers flights from Singapore to Hong Kong. However the timing for the flight was not that good as the flight departs Singapore at 5am in the morning. The aircraft cabin was quite clean and the seats were comfortable, the flight attendants were friendly when serving food and drinks to passengers. There was a choice of chicken noodles and scrambled eggs for the in-flight meal, I chose chicken noodles for my meal, unfortunately it was not to my liking as the noodles were too dry. The Inflight entertainment was really unresponsive and difficult to use but overall it was still a pleasant flight with United and I will definitely fly with them again in future."
"The stewardess on my United Airlines flight from Houston to Guatemala City was friendly and quite helpful. As we were getting closer to Guatemala City, she noticed that she had extra food and offered it to me. That came in handy as my next flight was delayed and I had to run to get it. I highly recommend her and wish her the best. My flight from Guatemala City to Houston actually had the Captain come over, give us his card and thanked us for traveling with United - I was impressed."
"Verified Review | United Airlines from Melbourne to Washington via Los Angeles. Apart from a genuinely appalling luncheon out of Melbourne, and rubbish food for sale on the domestic leg, I found everything efficient, punctual, and as comfortable as one can expect in Economy Plus - which is more economy than plus. But the extra leg room and earlier boarding and disembarkation is what I want, not frills. The Boeing 787 was new, in excellent condition, clean, seats quite comfortable for me, and a very good IFE product. Similarly with the Boeing 737-900 from LAX to IAD. Mature, pragmatic FAs: you know they know what to do, but charm is not always in it. Inflight wifi was not exactly cheap and tended to drop out over Samoa, but who doesn't? Otherwise very reliable. I've been flying UA for 30 years now, and have a lot of miles with them under my belt, and I have almost always found the airline functional, clean, and reliable,"
"Just back from a trip to Florida booked with United from Ireland, with Shannon to London leg by Aer lingus. Outbound from Heathrow to Orlando via Washington and returned via Newark. Overall found them very good to fly with. Staff both in ground and in the air helpful and friendly. Food not great but no worse than other carriers. Plenty drinks offered. Boeing 777 very comfortable and plenty room. Boeing 757 inbound a bit cramped but not full which made it easier. Our seats from Washington to Orlando were changed on check in and had us separated from kids but agent in London sorted it no problem. Also a nice touch was arriving in London late yesterday morning the crew moved as many connecting pax as they could forward and also asked anyone not connecting to allow those with connections off first and amazingly everyone obliged! I must say I wasn't looking forward to the trip given some reviews (booked this way as cheapest option), but I was pleasantly surprised and would not hesitate to use again though would try to avoid the Boeing 757 transatlantic legs where possible. I fly a lot and there are a lot worse out there!"
"Chicago to London return, both flights basically the same as this LHR-IAD sector, with the exception of a fully functioning in-flight entertainment system. Check in with United in London is at its worst average and usually much better. I swear Heathrow has the best ground staff in the entire United system. Was informed the Star Golds now when access to fast track security which is used. It is a very long walk to the United Club but I was prepared for that. The United Club in London is tops and with great staff. The plane was a typical old Boeing 767 that United flies between London and Chicago. While old, it is fairly comfortable in Economy Plus as long as you aren't big into watching video. The screens are small with poor resolution and the sound for the video wasn't working on this flight. Still, all was set up with fresh pillows and blankets and the plane was clean. The thing that made this trip even better was that the economy cabin was empty. My guess is there were 25 of us in back with the front two cabins almost full. The lunch was decent though the portions were quite small. I don't like the pre-landing snack so I always bring my own food onboard for that meal. Flight attendants were friendly. In fact, everyone in Economy was in a good mood that day and, who wouldn't be with all of that room. We were delayed in London due to traffic and weather. Arrived in Chicago having made up about half of the delay. Baggage was out in a very acceptable amount of time. I do this route a fair amount and it is usually one of United's best. Much of that has to do with the London ground staff which is often exceptional and some of the flight attendants who routinely work this route. Fly this route four or five times a year and people will start to recognize you. I am no fan of the new United and this flight isn't quite as much of a joy when full but flying this route tends to be one of the better experiences when traveling on the new United."
"Verified Review | United Airlines from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, on a new Boeing 737-900. Due to busy time at LAX airport, flight departure held at Las Vegas for 20 minutes but arrived on time. As flight time is only 45 minutes, cabin crew did not commence in-flight service with cart, only offered water to passengers. Smooth check-in, on-time arrival but baggage delivery at LAX needs to be quicker. Even as premier passenger I had to wait for 30 minutes before I got my luggage delivered, can't imagine how long other passengers had to wait."
"United Airlines from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. A less than an hour flight. More than satisfied with United this time. On time departure, early (like 20 mins) arrival. Fast baggage handling as well as smiling cabin crew members. Plane looks a little bit old but it's a short flight anyway. The only drawback is cabin crew didn't manage to serve all passengers. The last 5 rows of passengers couldn't get their drinks because the plane needed to land already. Maybe next time cabin crew need to serve faster."
"I flew HNL back to LAX on 26 February on a Boeing 757-300. A nice touch on initial welcome onto the plane was being offered a cup of coffee. I had paid extra for an exit row seat and there were 2 passengers next to me. The flight attendant advised that the next block of exit row seats in the back cabin were all vacant if we wanted to relocate. The flight left HNL on time and arrived in LAX early. The crew were friendly and courteous. My only criticism was as this was a 7:00am departure, there wasn’t really any breakfast options or a meal service available on this flight. Luckily I had breakfast in the United Club lounge before departure."
"Chicago to London Heathrow with United Airlines. First of all, getting on the aircraft was very simple and quick. There were surprisingly few people on the flight and after we went to the seats we were assigned to, we were allowed to move and spread out. Most of us were able to have an entire row of two to three seats to ourselves which greatly enhanced the comfort of such a long international flight. We were warmly welcomed and I could see the safety demonstration well. The food and drink service was efficient and often. The assortment of drinks was welcomed, and so was the snack. The dinner, as expected in economy class on an airplane was not the best, but it did include gelato which was a treat. They provided newspapers and magazines as well. However I could never figure out the entertainment system, nor the wifi within the airplane. The darkening of the cabin was timely, the restrooms were very clean and actually relatively spacious and well lit. The staff was curtious. As well as they were helpful with special assistance when needed."
"This was my fourth time flying with United Airlines and it was the best experience I've had with them. The plane had a new seat design that offered a little more comfort than the previous flights. The seats also had power outlets. The inflight entertainment was not very good. The entertainment consisted of the TV playing the same video the entire 4 hour flight and the only way to change the channel was to pay $6. This was a huge disappointment to other flights I have taken where United offered free movies and some TV shows. Overall though I was pretty impressed with United and their staff."
"I flew United Airlines from Los Angeles to Honolulu on an early flight on an old Boeing 777-200, but the plane was clean and PC Tablets were available to take advantage of inflight entertainment. I paid for an exit row seat and it was well worth the money, as space was not an issue. The seats were close to the lavatories but this was never an issue. There were two meal runs on this 5 hour flight and a good selection of food, plus hot options available. The aircraft left LAX on time and arrived in HNL a head of time. The crew were attentive, efficient and friendly. Between meals, glasses of water were offered on a frequent basis."
"Flew into Sydney from Christchurch on route to Orlando and arrived just in time to find out our United Airlines flight to LA was cancelled. No one at transit lounge or gate to explain, cue panic. We were just about to call our travel agent when the United rep turned up. I can't remember her name but she took us to transit desk and spent about 30 minutes working with us to get us to Orlando. We ended up flying Qantas on the A380 so that was a nice bonus. We were all up about 3 1/2 hours late to Orlando so no big deal and excellent service we received at Sydney from United."
"I am so thankful for United Airlines for helping me out so much when my flight with Seaborne airlines was cancelled. Originally I was supposed to fly out of St. Maarten with Seaborne airlines to Puerto Rico and than go to Charlotte, NC which would than go to Detroit, MI via American Airlines. Seaborne Airlines cancelled my flight without my notice and than finally agreed to put me on a connecting flight with JetBlue - however, that flight would have me missing my next 2 connecting flights and I would have been stranded in San Juan PR. I went to the American Airlines counter to explain to them of the connecting flight problem but they told me I would have to pay over $1000 for a new ticket (even though this was not my fault). Finally, I called United because I flew to St. Marteen with them originally and they were able to switch my flights without any charge and I still arrived home on my scheduled time. I am so thankful and will continue to fly United Airlines."
"United Airlines is a very chintzy airline with a rather unpleasant corporate culture, but I do find them to be reliable out of Newark Airport. The flight went right on time, but the legroom was very limited, the seats were uncomfortable, and their new free snack mix (that they are so proud to be offering) was small and barely edible. I flew Jetblue on this same route and it was a much better experience. United is not keeping up with the competition."
"I booked this United Airlines flight for its low price and was really surprised. Narita-LAX crew ran like a well-oiled - if not overly friendly - machine, and the Boeing 787 is a great aircraft. Food was just okay, IFE was superb, and we arrived ahead of schedule!"
"San Francisco to Sao Paulo via Washington. All flights were on-time. Seat comfort was fine in Economy Plus. Food adequate and edible. Seat back entertainment selection was excellent. My luggage arrived quickly. In my experience United Airlines delivers a decent service and for me no late arrivals or other problems."
"I had huge concerns flying Heathrow to Newark with United with my children after reading some reviews. However the staff were lovely. Very friendly and kind when my panic mid-turbulance became unbearable. The food isn't great but we took snacks anyway. Arrived early to our destination and the movies onboard were great."
"United's staff professional and efficient. There was no trouble making connections with Las Vegas to State College PA via Chicago flights, even given poor weather and the need to de-ice. The cabins on all of their planes however, remain cramped and they are almost always full. This is an industry-wide problem, and it isn't any better on any of United's competitors. My primary complaint is United's Wi-Fi and inflight entertainment services - and this is limited only to their Boeing aircraft. The outbound part of my trip was on an Airbus A320. There are never any connectivity issues, and those planes have a nice library of TV shows and movies to stream over my tablet. The Boeing portion of their fleet, however, is a WiFi disaster. It was so bad on that leg of the trip the flight crew had to do the safety announcement themselves rather than rely on the video that United probably spent millions of dollars producing. If you're able to connect at all on the Boeing planes, the connection is unreliable. United would like you to pay for this service, too. Just don't. It's a rip off. United really needs to end their relationship with Direct TV, and switch their entire fleet over to the system on the Airbus planes. Bring a tablet, download a couple movies on it. It's the only way you'll be able to watch something on their Boeing fleet. Beyond the entertainment issue, the cramped cabins that all the airlines have, and the standard hassle with TSA, United is still a good bet. They go places a lot of the other carriers just don't. The crews are generally friendly, and their airfares are competitive. Oh, and there were really unusual little complimentary snack packages they were handing out. Not the typical nuts or chips. They were surprisingly tasty. Too bad they were so small."
"Was dreading flying with United Airlines as reviews were not encouraging. However I was pleasantly surprised on my flights from Birmingham to Las Vegas via Newark. The crew were friendly and the flights were all on time. On three out of four legs we had three seats between two, which does improve a flight (although not enough to pay for the extra seat). Admittedly the food was not good, but the house wine and beer were fine. Much better experience than I had anticipated."
"Vancouver to Liberia (Costa Rica) return via Houston. After reading reviews I was prepared for the worst. Instead, I was impressed by the service on United Airlines. All our flights were on time or arrived early. The cabin crew were friendly and responsive. The captain kept us informed on all our flights. On our last leg of our flight from Houston to Vancouver, the incoming flight was delayed. United turned the plane around very quickly with only a 15 minute delay departing, I am happy to report that the plane landed on time in Vancouver. Overall, a very pleasant experience with United."
"McAllen TX to Houston TX with United Airlines. The flight attendant on my flight this afternoon was extremely kind and very good. As I was boarding the flight she offered me a seat belt extention without me having to ask. I found this nice because it's embarrassing sometimes when you have to ask for one. When serving drinks she called everyone by name which I've never had happen before. She also helped by lifting the arm on my seat to make me more comfortable. I just found her really friendly and attentive which was nice since we had several \"busy\" businessmen on our flight who I thought were kind of rude. But kudos to the flight attendant on a great job."
"I was on United Airlines flight UA 139 from Denver to Narita on Feb 2, 2016. I traveled with my 2 year old child. The ground crew at the gate were so accommodating and helpful. Because it is a 12 hours flight, they made sure that I got my seating arrangements so I was comfortable and had space on the flight which I appreciated. The Dreamliner aircraft was new and sophisticated. I loved the window panel control shade device. The entertainment systems was excellent and provided good choices of movies and entertainment for old and young. Even the safety video was new and fresh from the traditional types I have seen. I have mixed feelings on the cabin crew. I was seated on 23L. There were 3 Crews working on that row. The Asian crew were so accommodating, friendly and helpful whereas I felt the American crew members could be further trained in customer service."
"Austin to Calgary via Houston with United Airlines. First flight was only a short hop but was quite good, flight on time departure and early arrival which assisted the connection. Second flight was longer and meal served. Meal choices not to my taste but my wife said her selection was one of the better meals she has had on airline. Direct TV offered."
"I was on one of the many cancelled flights due to the big storm on the east coast of the United States in January 2016. This is a \"best of times/worst of times\" review about that experience with United Airlines from New Delhi, India to Newark. The bad side was that the United desk in New Delhi was very late in informing us of the cancellation. I, and many others, had cleared immigration/security before United told us. My wife, who was in the US, told me later she knew the flight was cancelled long before I did by watching the United website. This late notice left us stuck in the secure area. We had a long (2+ hours) wait before the staff was able to get us out of that area. The good side was the once United got organized they were very supportive in providing us free room and board in a 5 star hotel for as long as we needed. They provided comfortable transportation to and from the airport and the staff did everything they could to assist us."
"Seattle to Dallas via Denver. We were scheduled to leave at 5:15 am, and have a one hour layover in Denver. We boarded on time, and then just sat for about an hour, while mechanics retrieved paperwork for seat repairs. Apparently the paperwork was at the other end of the airport. I don't know why it wasn't there before the flight. During our \"wait\", we were offered drinks soon after boarding, and then for the rest of the hour, flight attendants spent their time in the galley, laughing, having a good old time. Not once did anyone check on passengers, at least in the front of the aircraft. On our return trip, which went from Dallas to Chicago, when meals were brought to us, first my son, who doesn't drink, was served a beer, then was served the wrong meal. The attendant was very apologetic, and was really nice, but this seems to be an ongoing problem with United. Service is definitely lacking. As far as the aircraft, they are aging planes, with little in ammenities, like wi-fi, or even power outlets for cels, or laptops. I know these problems seem petty, but I usually fly in first class,and have come to expect better service for the extra money that it cost, but this didn't even come close to other airlines."
"Pleasantly surprised at how well this Los Angeles to Melbourne flight was, given the length (15 hours) and the reputation of United Airlines. The Boeing 787-9 we flew in was a new aircraft, the cabin does feel airier, with larger windows, and improved lighting. The cabin crew on this flight was a mix bag of very senior flight attendants who were quite stand off-ish, to younger flight attendants who were very nice, attentive and friendly. United has upped its game in catering for the Business First cabin and it shows. Portions were plentiful, wines good, and choices good. The mid-flight snacks left on the credenza at the forward most section of the cabin and in the mid-Business cabin galley were basic and not great, but not an issue, given the large dinner service. Breakfast was served 90 minutes out of Melbourne. Flight departed on time and arrived 30-35 minutes ahead of schedule. If United can replicate the service and feel of the 787-9 to its other aircraft cabins on long haul flights, then it might have turned a corner. The LAX terminal it operates from is dingy, dirty, and has zero to offer in terms of comfort. It is supposed to be upgraded. Not soon enough. WIFI on board the plane, at $19.99 is a relative bargain and worked extremely reliably, for the entire duration of the flight. Sleep quality also quite decent."
"I was flying from Indianapolis to Newark this morning and got caught behind a slow moving semi after the first large snowfall at home. Needless to say, I was rather late getting to the airport for my morning flight. Upon checking in the computer stated that I was too late to check my bags. The two United Airlines agents helped me get my boarding pass quickly and check my baggage regardless. I was sprinting towards the gate and had dropped my boarding pass. The employee working at the gate waved me on and told me my seat number in a friendly manner. I arrived in Newark and my bags made it on the plane. I was so thrilled with the customer service I received and the attitude of the employees."
"I was pleasantly surprised with United Airlines performance on my trip from Honolulu to Las Vegas via San Francisco. I heard rumors which almost got me to book with a different airline, but the price was good enough to push on. Once I boarded the aircraft there was personal TV touch-screens on the back of each seat, I watched a few movies over the period of the 6 hour flight and enjoyed a decent meal, for plane food. Overall I would fly this airline again, very comfortable."
"United Airlines from Los Angeles to Newark, and very comfortable business class seats on the older Boeing 757-200 used on this route. Food adequate, good service. Lounge at LAX inadequate - very full even at 6am. Flight left and arrived on time despite significant adverse weather conditions on the East Coast"
"Got the early flight from Houston to San Jose, Costa Rica. Unfortunately, United Airlines does not offer special meals on First Class for some of its international flights, thus had to settle with some cold cut fruit and croissant for breakfast. Seats were alright, entertainment system was slightly below average. Service was good. Lounge was ill equipped in food and beverages for an international flight even though there was space to sit."
"Panama Tocumen to Houston on United Airlines. Got into the 3:30 pm flight. Being a vegetarian, I did not get any food on a 4 hour flight flying in First Class, because of United's policy of serving special meals only on select flights. Had to settle for the \"Tapas Box\". Did not have an entertainment system onboard and the seats were pretty old. Service was alright."
"Cancun to Chicago with United Airlines. Boarding was swift and even though we left with about a 20 minute delay, the pilot managed to land in Chicago about 15 minutes ahead of schedule. The service offered in economy met expectations, and the service went by without any incident. The plane was almost completely full so it was a loud trip but nothing United can be blamed for. The only minor complaint was that they started handing out the immigration papers quite late in the flight which led to some stress, but otherwise it was a solid performance. Credit is given where credit is due and United certainly deserves credit for this well structured and good flight."
"United Airlines from San Francisco to Washington Dulles. Wonderful business class. Food was great. Service was pretty bad, with the usual forced smile and sarcastic flight attendants. Seats were amazing and comfy, but flying backwards was a little funky. TV's were huge and filled with movies. Loved the aircraft."
"United Airlines from Brussels to Washington return, flights left on time and arrived ahead of schedule. Friendly crew in general and the purser was really nice to us - a fine person with good since of humor and professionalism which is rare in todays world. Food just okay. Planes were old but well maintained. Nice selection of movies and series in the IFE. Comfort seats are worth the money in economy as they give extra legroom."
"United Airlines from Washington to Paris CDG. The plane was clean, and whilst I usually run into grumpy United Airlines staff, this flight had very friendly and polite crew. The major problem is that on an 8 hour flight, alcohol is not free, this is the first time I fly on a non-budget airline, actually one of the world's largest airlines, and alcohol is not free. I find it really cheap especially as alcohol helps me sleep in an economy seat on long flights."
"I flew United Airlines to Houston for Christmas and was very pleasantly surprised with the service. Flying business class was not that much more than economy and the food was good, the seats were comfortable, and throughout the 4 hour flight the flight attendants came through constantly to ensure we had everything we needed (and cheerful no less). As a final good note, my checked bag was the first one to come out in baggage claim which showed the small attention to details to people flying in business class. I have had some bad experiences with United in the past, so I am hopeful that this experience is a sign that things are improving with this airline."
"Houston to Frankfurt. Onboard one of the flights that were hit by the server breakdown on 28th December. As a result of the delay, missed my connection from Frankfurt to Delhi. Ground staff were left completely helpless and could do nothing about it. However, the crew did a marvelous job, were polite and made it hard for me to believe I was flying United Airlines. Seated on 1A, the flight attendant for that section was one of the most polite and attentive cabin staff I have come across. Seats were good, very comfortable and had a good sleep. New Entertainment system was impressive, with the touch screen remote control (similar to Turkish's 777-300ER). Even though the flight was delayed by over 3 hours, Lufthansa was kind enough to divert us to London and then to Delhi."
"I have been a consistent critic of United Airlines when they have deserved it. But check in at Tokyo Narita for this itinerary was wonderful, especially since I was combining two reservations (Tokyo to Los Angeles and Los Angeles to Traverse City via Chicago) and the agent didn't have to check me through. Flight out of LAX was delayed but a very helpful agent at the Customer Service counter rebooked me, found my luggage in the system and rerouted it. It was a long day but everyone I dealt with at UA was helpful and courteous. Sometimes one gets out of these interactions with UA personnel what one puts into them."
"Washington Dulles to San Francisco, and United Airlines Ground staff helpful with getting bags tagged and dropped off in crowded and cramped Dulles terminal on busy travel day. Friendly welcome by FA when getting on plane, and at least 2 food and beverage runs, plus additional water and coffee runs, done in a professional and often friendly manner. While there were several vegetarian options, wish there was a veggie breakfast wrap or bowl offered. Economy Plus seat had plenty of leg room, but I'm not a big fan of the vinyl/leather seats, which got to be uncomfortable on 5+ hour flight. Didn't pay the $7.99 for AVOD - wish it was free, but somewhere over the Rockies regretted my decision and wished I had to make the flight go faster (God forbid I should have to read a book for 5 hours). Bathroom in back of the plane was ok, but sink of one of them was out of order and covered by tape, and an insufficient number of handiwipe packets were strewn on the counter (would have been good to have them in a bowl and more of them). Departed a few minutes late, but arrived about 15 minutes early. Overall a good flight."
"Orlando to Newark return. Flight to Newark was delayed 1 hour while we sat onboard due to a mechanical failure but kept well informed every 10 minutes. Both flights on Boeing 757-200 with international business first cabin with lie flat seats. Food brilliant quality, a wide variety of beverages available. Flight attendants couldn't do enough for you. Seats very comfortable with nice personal space, good inflight entertainment. Wifi available for a cost. I did use this feature but it was fairly slow even to load basics like emails and social media sites."
"Just flew in yesterday December 17th at 10:30 am from Fort Myers to Newark airport. I was pleased with how the crew and pilot handled the horrible weather conditions we had and also turbulence. I would like to thank United Airlines on an excellent job. Thank you so much for such a great experience."
"ORD-YEG morning nonstop E-175. United Express. Excellent flight. Paid for Econ Plus seating and had 2 seats together. Tons of leg room. Both flight attendants welcoming upon boarding and throughout the flight. On-time departure and landed 25 minutes early into Edmonton. Drink service 2x during the 3 hour 25 min flight. Wifi available and worked well. Wish all my UA flights were this good."
"I flew United Airlines direct from Mumbai to Newark and upgraded to Economy Plus. I though it was overpriced, the upgrade proved to be a wise decision. It made the flight bearable. Check in went smoothly and quickly and the flight left on time. The service was decent and the entertainment center worked well. I have few complaints about the flight. I never really have high expectations for United, but the service was fine."
"Newark to Buenos Aires via Miami. Yesterday, upon arrival to Newark airport I was told I could not get a boarding pass as I had not paid the entrance fee to Argentina. A United Airlines employee went out of his way over the course of an hour to get me online, provided me with the website and even carried my luggage to the area where he was able to print out the proof of payment so I could make my trip. I don't know if I have ever encountered better customer service. Without him, I don't think I would have made my flight. I am beyond impressed with United's Customer service and if I have a choice to fly in the future, it will be with United."
"United Airlines in Domestic First and BusinessFirst. The 737 at FLL was packed and overhead lockers were already well filled by the time we got on the plane. Cabin crew tried repacking but one case wasn’t going to fit - the other one did. The purser eventually found a hole somewhere in the galley area - it came out freezing cold at end of flight, anyway. Service was excellent, although to a European “snacks” usually means something prepared - a sandwich or roll - not packs of pretzels etc. However it kept the wolf from the door, as did the wine etc. Early landing in IAH, time in the manic Club, then boarding the 787 close at hand. Seats better than the 777 on the way out, cabin crew friendly and attentive, and ok movies etc. Food was plentiful and of good quality, drinks flowed freely. Some sort of sleep, awakened to breakfast (which I didn’t have, just a coffee and fruit was enough). Lots of info from flight deck. Early landing at LHR, several miles (or so it felt) hike around T2. Immigration fast for once. Baggage appeared pretty fast, and so off into the UK."
"Excellent flight. Our J class flight in a United Express (Mesa) CRJ from IAD to SAV boarded on time. We squeezed carryons into overhead lockers with crew assistance. Push back on time, ok seat pitch. Drinks and snacks passed around by friendly and helpful cabin crew. Pleasant flight, on time landing. Checked bags a little slow in reaching carousel, but in meantime I had checked in for rental car."
"After reading many horror reviews of United Airlines, I was not looking forward to going to and from the US from Sydney. A 14 hour flight one way, and 15 hours plus coming back to Sydney. However United was fine. The flight stewards were friendly, the food not too bad and the entertainment system was adequate. The flight to the states left in time and arrived early, which was great as I had only a two hour layover in LA before my flight to Mexico. The flight back was delayed slightly due to some undisclosed mechanical problem, but made up the time to arrive in Sydney only 15 min late. At LA, I was able to drop my bag off four hours before the departing flight which was great. The staff at check in at both ends were friendly and helpful. I booked via Expedia, requested an aisle seat and got this for four legs of the trio with no extra cost. My seat was no more or less comfortable than those on Etihad or Emirates. I paid $1627 for Sydney - Mexico city and return Cancun to LA, with a week in LA, then back to Sydney. This was a pretty competitive price. Overall I'd be happy to fly United again."
"Check-in and boarding at Mexico City was fast. First class seat was comfortable and cabin was clean. I was offered a pre-departure beverage. Inflight we were served beverages and an enjoyable lunch. Cabin crew were friendly. I did not use the inflight entertainment because I prefer to read. Before landing the purser gave me her United business card with a personal hand written note addressing me by name and thanked me for flying United. Upon arrival my bags came off the carousel quickly. I enjoyed my flight."
"United Airlines staff at the airports and on the plane were polite and efficient. The smaller Embraer jets are nice for the single traveler, as they're designed with a single seat on the right side, so you get both window and aisle. The extra leg room in economy plus seating is worth the extra expense ($30-$45 on the segments I flew). The seats themselves are adequate, but not comfortable. This is an industry wide problem, and not in any way unique to United. The biggest disappointment is the WiFi service. From previous experience, it seems to work very well on their Airbus fleet. The Airbus fleet usually does not have tv screens in the seat backs, so the WiFi service on those planes comes with a library of movies and TV shows to watch. This works very well if you've got a tablet or some other device to watch them on. The Boeing portion of their fleet is another matter entirely. The more recent planes have the TV screens in the seats. There's a basic program that runs during the flight, but if you want to watch anything else, there's a fee. The WiFi service on the Boeing aircraft also seems to be spotty at best. It hasn't worked at all on 3 of the 4 segments I've flown in the last couple months. The Embraer planes fly the short routes. I have yet to come across one of these with WiFi service or a seat back screen. But, given the flights I've been on have only been about 90 minutes, this isn't a big problem. Bottom line: bring a tablet or small computer and download a couple of movies on it first."
"We flew United Airlines from London Heathrow to Washington in Business class. Check in at T2 was good, plenty of questions for security then helpful check in agent giving advice. Lounge was excellent - good quality food and drink. Although a long walk from check in, the lounge was very close to the boarding gate. Cabin crew were London based and were attentive on boarding and throughout the flight. Pushback delayed due to traffic at LHR, very windy and bumpy take off, and a long northerly route to avoid winds made us a little late into IAD. Boeing 777, with backward and forward facing seats - we had 9J/K. Coats had to bestowed in overhead bin - no wardrobe as on some other airlines. Seats comfortable and would have allowed sleep. No real problem in getting access from window seat over a reclined adjacent passenger. Food good both in quality and quantity - for mains I had a curried chicken breast, my wife a steak. Wine was offered with explanations, I chose the New World Pinot Noir. Water topped up often and so was the wine. Cheese course was generous, and ice cream was good. Entertainment was ok, plenty of films, decent screen size and sound quality. Bottle of water before lights out. Lavatories were cleaned and ok. Prelanding meal looked good - I only had fruit and a juice so didn’t partake. Landed at midfield terminal and so had to face the mobile lounges to get out to landside. Immigration was fast, and relatively friendly, bags were pretty much already there on carousel, and customs was quick. So issues at all - service and comfort on a par with LX and LH fights."
"Second flight with United Airlines this week from YUL to IAD. Ground service was expedient and the team was polite. I used the self-serve kiosks and had my ticket in a matter of seconds. We boarded on time and left the gate quickly. The plane was a little old but the seats were very comfortable. The seat arrangement was single seat on the left side and double seat on the right. For quick, short haul flights United Airlines seems to be an okay carrier from my experiences thus far."
"John Wayne Airport to La Guardia via Denver, and it was one of the best domestic flights I have taken in US. There wasn't any delay and the leg space was ample. In the second flight, the beverages were served often. Did not have any problems such as missing the next flight or being uncomfortable in any manner."
"I recently flew from Dulles to Toronto Pearson with United. The boarding process was smooth and quick. The flight was full and everyone was served in a timely manner on board. The plane wasn't new but was clean and the chairs were comfortable with quite a bit of legroom. A light refreshment was served during the flight. The only complaint I would have was with the flight crew. They still seem to have an attitude when serving customers. Besides that, for the cheap value of the ticket the flight was satisfactory."
"First Class on United Airlines from Frankfurt to San Francisco. The First Class cabin is on the main deck in the nose of the aircraft. The flatbed seats are very comfortable and there is plenty of storage space. The food served and inflight service were excellent. Although not as refined as Lufthansa First class or the Swiss First product, I would rate the United First Class product a solid A. The stewardesses on this flight were outstanding and their attention to detail came as a surprise."
"A red eye flight from San Diego to Newark. Plane filled to capacity. Seats look modern but hardly recline. Refreshments are offered but if thirsty bring your own drink. Bulk head storage was filled to capacity and not sure if all passengers could place luggage above. This is no surprise now that United Airlines charges for checked-in luggage. It felt like I'm flying a budget-airline but paid a full ticket price for a seat."
"I had a United Airlines flight going out of Portland (PDX) tonight that was going to San Francisco as my connecting flight home to Phoenix, and it got delayed then cancelled. United staff took the time and found a direct flight from Portland to Phoenix as soon as they could! That is great customer service right there, and it made me feel special and given the circumstances they were working under they were still kind and willing to help. I didn't get their names, but I just wanted what they did for us to be known! Thanks again."
"My first segment (SLC to IAH) was actually okay. Unfortunately, their A319 was not fitted with IFE. Instead, UA provided free entertainment that pax can stream to their mobile device. While it's a great option, this isn't my preferred source of entertainment. Unfortunately, my flight ran into pretty bad weather while approaching IAH. This caused me to miss my connecting flight to MFE which happened to also be the last flight of the night on that route. Then, United Airlines surprised me. By the time I had landed, my flight had already been rebooked to the earliest available flight the next morning and I was given a hygiene kit. Because of the possibility of inclement weather the following morning, they had also placed me on standby on a later flight in case the first rebook was affected. UA staff was very polite, and actually did an amazing job at taking care of me while I was stuck in IAH. I also appreciate UA checking in during my travel to make sure I was okay, and to fulfill reasonable requests. At the end of the day, I was treated exceptionally well, especially considering the circumstances."
"Calgary to Fort Lauderdale via Houston, returning via Chicago. This was our first experience with United Airlines and the overall service was great. Flight Attendant on Calgary-Houston leg and both legs of return flights were fabulous, constantly ensuring we were cared for. Meals were decent. Inflight entertainment - only glitch was not downloading United app to utilize the free WiFi. Loved the United Club lounges, greeters friendly and helpful. Flight from Houston to Fort Lauderdale was delayed and flight attendants cranky, but it was a short journey."
"Recently traveled United Airlines to PVR from EWR round trip, non-stop going and connected thru IAH on the return. This time I opted to upgrade to Business Class on all three routes. Checking in was a breeze in EWR and security was surprisingly easy this time. Minor note, there is absolutely no reason to ever go to the Presidents club anymore in EWR with the updated food options in Terminal C. I would rather pay for a decent breakfast/lunch/dinner then eat the garbage they offer in the Club for \"free\". The seats were nice, however they allow too much recline for seats given the limited seat pitch. The gentleman in front of me reclined all the way back and I struggled to exit my seat to use the facilities without being very disruptive. Apart from the minor issue with the seats everything else about the flight was more than acceptable. The food was good not great. We were offered a decent breakfast, however the coffee is dreadful and the tea no better. The flight attendants were attentive and very cordial the entire time. Flying back thru to EWR from PVR via IAH was just fine except for the disaster that is IAH security. We nearly missed our connection due to extremely long queues to pass back through security after clearing customs. I have never seen only one line open in IAH when you have multiple flights trying to get through security at the same time. There were multiple people in line with us that missed their connections."
"San Francisco to Orlando. We were surprised how good United Airlines were after reading the reviews. Plane was clean and comfortable and after getting off an 11 hour Air New Zealand long haul flight we were expecting very small cramped seats - but there was not actually a lot of difference between United and Air NZ. What was appreciated was when the cabin crew asked if I would like the three seats behind me and allowed me to move prior to take off. So 6 seats between 3 made it even more comfy. We didn't expect IFE or food so no problems there. Plane departed on time and arrived early. Cabin crew and ground staff all pretty good. I'm taking off a point for no snacks and no IFE but I'm giving a bonus point for friendly cabin crew and generous drink serves. We have long haul flights on United in March which we were dreading, but now not so much."
"Washington to Geneva. Flight was delayed for about an hour and a half but wasn't really in a hurry, the plane we were supposed to get had a system problem. They found another plane quick and same type. The flight was nice, entertainment was very good, could charge phone as there was a usb port. Food was impressive and happy about the service. Couple hours of sleep time/watching movies, breakfast was served with good coffee. Would recommend flying United Airlines long haul, a few things could be improved."
"Minneapolis to Brussels via Chicago. United Airlines Premium economy class makes international flights easier and more comfortable especially on less crowded flights. The premium seats are usually emptier and provide an inexpensive way to survive long haul flights. Great recline and roomier space make for a comfortable journey. I've been traveling with United for years and have begun branching out with other carriers with an eye on improved differences. On United flights, I've frequently had access to power outlets and love the TV monitors at each seat with an above average choice selection of movies. In the last year they've changed their economy class breakfast snack upon arrival to European airports and not for the better. We used to get a warm croissant, juice and fruit. Now you get just a cold croissant with choice of orange juice, coffee or tea. Wish they would stop downgrading services, complaining about the competitors and up their standard sand do more to keep the customers they already have."
"I have flown United Airlines many times and the service was so-so. But this San Francisco to Vancouver flight was exceptional. Check-in was quick and easy as well as boarding. By luck we had priority boarding which meant we had space in the bins. This was a full flight so this was a releif. The service was friendly. It was a bummer that you had to pay to watch movies and wifi. Overall, a great flight but, it's United Airlines. So don't exspect crazy good service on all United flights. It really depends who is serving onboard."
"Check in at IAH was quick although we were overweight 1lb in one bag and were forced to transfer a jacket to the other underweight bag. I guess rules are rules but I wish United were as stringent in applying their carryon rules. The usual kerfuffle with too many/oversized carryons was experienced on the domestic leg. The FAs handled this situation and the service during the 100% full flight efficiently. Our flight to Sydney was delayed a few hours due to the late arrival of our aircraft but we were kept up to date with the situation by email and gate announcements. Another 100% full flight but boarding via the United group system works well and there was little aisle congestion, apart from the usual oversized carryon bag problem. The FAs were great the whole flight. Nothing seemed to be a problem. Water runs were frequent. The food for both dinner and breakfast was passable although serving/collecting the breakfast 90 mins before arrival on a full flight is rushed. This resulted in the hand out of the landing cards during the descent which is not optimal. especially for families. The IFE worked well with a great selection of movies and TV programs. The toilets were kept in reasonably good condition the whole flight. Seating in economy is tight and becomes a little hard after some time but you get what you pay for. My experience is that E+ is not worth the extra money even on a 14 hour flight. Another satisfactory experience with United Airlines."
"Check in at FSD was quick and uncomplicated. All flights were on time. The small Q400 was amazingly comfortable albeit a little noisy compared to a jet. The two FAs were efficient and courteous. It was a long walk between gates at Denver (B79 to B17) for the connecting flight so glad I allowed more than the legal connection time when booking. The Houston plane was full and there was the usual problem of pax bringing on too many/oversized carry ons but the crew handled the situation well. Cabin service during the flight was adequate with trainees helping out. Only minor complaint was that the volume of the announcements from the cockpit was too low to be useful. Obviously our bags made an earlier flight as they were waiting for us in Houston. United informed us about this situation via email as well as an announcement at baggage claim. Happy with UA service as usual."
"San Francisco to Frankfurt in United Airlines Business Class on the upper deck in an old Boeing 747 fitted with the new flatbed seats and TV screens. The seat was the only redeeming feature of the product. The interior of the aircraft looked so worn down. In-flight service in United was efficient and friendly, but did not have the touch of class you get with, say the Lufthansa Business Class product. In-flight wi-fi worked quite well. The flatbed seat made the flight comfortable, but everything else about it was forgettable."
"I'm a 1K Million Miler so have stuck with United over the past two decades through thick and thin. United's overall international product is slowly improving over the past two years. London's Club lounge and BusinessFirst seats (Continental configuration) are on par with its rivals across the atlantic. Boeing 787 a dream to fly. Houston based crew were excellent, food and wine satisfactory. Connected in Houston for South America flight, US Club lounges continue to be a big disappointment in the US, I really don't understand how other Star Alliance members can't put pressure on UA to improve these to acceptable Business class standards. Another 787 to Brazil, good flight experience and plenty of sleep in a comfortable seat. Keep the good work up United."
"Used United for a recent trip to USA - starting from London to Boston, plus some internal flights to destinations (with stopovers). The timing of all flights were impeccable, and the airline staff were friendly. Customer service was good. Flights were of varying quality - some a bit cramped. But in general, they were fine, with decent food."
"Flew United Airlines from Ottawa to Chicago. Friendly flight attendants, clean airplane and flight was on time."
"Very smooth experience on-board with United on LAX to LHR route. Having wi-fi was a priority for me, and I had connectivity throughout my United flight. There was also a power outlet underneath the seat. The quality of food was really good and exceeded my expectations. United has a vast selection of Movies and TV shows on international routes. The only part of the \"United experience\" that I am not a fan of is the boarding area of Terminal 7 at LAX. It is small, congested, fewer seats, and doesn't have as many windows from which you could enjoy the views outside. On the bright side, United is planning a major upgrade for Terminal 7 and 8 at LAX."
"Excellent United Airlines flight between Chicago and Tokyo-Narita on October 26. Very professional, polite and friendly flight attendants who were attentive to us, since we travelled with a small baby. Excellent vegetarian meals. The entertainment system didn't failed in the middle of the flight."
"Excellent flights from San Francisco to Sao Paulo via Chicago and back. All flights on-time. Crew were friendly and attentive. Food was edible. Seat back in-flight entertainment was extensive. This was my fifth long-distance international flight with United this year, and I haven't had a single delay or problem on any of them. I think some people have unrealistic or outdated expectations of what air travel is like these days. United fulfilled all my expectations."
"Flight from BQN to EWR was nothing out of the ordinary but it was comfortable and uneventful, even if it was a red-eye I would've liked some sort of refreshment or meal offered for free for a 4 hour flight. Or at least entertainment options. Flight from EWR to PVG a pleasure, flight on time, ground staff welcoming and helpful. Cabin crew was always willing to serve. Free beer that made the trip easier, also United has a 3 course meal for international long haul flights. IFE had a big selection (and the complete 007 film library as something special for October)."
"Flew to Vancouver September 14, 2015 to visit my family. As I travel quite a bit I was impressed with the service and the friendly manner of the Flight Attendants. My return flight (September 21st) was one of the best flights I have had in many years. From the moment I stepped on the plane I was greeted by friendly staff who were joking with the passengers and eager to help those with their luggage. Even one of the pilots stood by the entrance for a few minutes to welcome boarders. Service was terrific and we were updated regularly on our schedule, route and time-lines. When de-planning once again the staff were helpful and friendly."
"We flew United Airlines to Honolulu from Heathrow via LAX (connecting flights 2 hours apart), later from Honolulu to Seattle via San Francisco (connecting flights 2 hours apart), later San Francisco to London Heathrow via Chicago (connecting flights 1 hr. 24 hours apart). It was our first time with United Airlines. Every flight was on time, connections easy due to the helpfulness of ground staff. During the flights the attendants were helpful and friendly. The food was so-so but we don't expect gourmet on planes. Due to the duration of some flights we had upgraded to Economy Plus seats, a must for longer journeys, and we had gone online to select our seats as soon as we received booking confirmation - go for the exit seats within your booking class of seat for 2-3 times the leg room of others in the same class. I have seen complaints from somebody who turned up at check-in and expected to get four seats together for his family and complained when they weren't available. Do it online to avoid problems. I sympathize with people who have had bad experiences, most of which are totally unacceptable, but felt that we saw a different side to report and show it is not all negative. We have no ties to, or preference for, United Airlines or any other airline, and hope our 'luck' continues regardless of who we fly with. To those who have suffered, may your future journeys be as trouble free as ours was."
"Dublin to Kona via San Francisco with United Airlines. We had six flights and they were all on time with no hassle. Check in staff were efficient, planes were comfortable and clean, the food was airline food so I would suggest bring your own food. Cabin crew were efficient - not very friendly but they got the work done. All flights were full and they offered to take cabin bags free of charge in the hold, despite Cabin Crew telling passengers to stow large bags overhead and small bags under seats - people just do not listen. I would fly with United again."
"United Airlines from London to Orlando via Houston, and it was fantastic. Our flight was on time both flights, plane comfortable, food nice, entertainment the best we've had. We will fly again with United."
"YYZ-IAH-LAS On United Airlines in First class. CRJ-700 on first leg with excellent attentive service and dinner flight on a Boeing 757 on 2nd leg out of Houston. The dinner was surprisingly excellent (thai chicken) and service was superb. Hopped to Reno on Southwest which is the only direct carrier from LAS and is fine for a short haul. Returned RNO-DEN-LAS again on United and was again amazed at service on both flights. Dinner flight (Buffalo Chicken Sandwich) from DEN not as good as out of IAH but better than average and better than I remember Air Canada dishing out domestically."
"FRA-ORD was the return leg of an ORD-FRA flight 11 days earlier that had to turn back to Chicago due to failure of a navigation component. United staff handled the situation efficiently, arranging a hotel for the night, meals, etc, then put on a flight the next day. On the return flight we had the same flight attendants and shared smiles and recognition. Both flights had good service, no hassles. All-in-all, kudos to United for taking good care of us."
"We flew United for our honeymoon on the flight 1693 to Hawaii through LAX. We booked our seats way in advance, but when we checked in our boarding passes had completely different seats far away from each other. We were very upset. We asked for help on of the flight attendants. She immedietly looked at the seating chart and assured us she would fix that. Within 6-10 min we were sitting together. She vas very nice and all the staff were friendly, we got free snacks and a bottle of wine. We had a great start of our honeymoon thanks to them!"
"Sydney to Sioux Falls via San Francisco and Denver, excellent flights. Check in in SYD was a breeze with a very helpful ground staff. Seats in Y were comfortable enough aided by the fact the plane was only about a third full so everyone had a chance to spread out. The international leg had attentive crews with plenty of water runs. Food (lunch and breakfast) was more than passable. We were aware they had stopped supplying a mid flight snack so had taken our own. IFE was good with plenty of movies and TV shows. The Denver flight was 100% full and as usual the vast majority of pax had ignored the carry on rules. The FAs did their best to accommodate everyone and I don't think any gate checking was necessary. United really need to bite the bullet and enforce their carryon rules either at the gate or in the airbridge to make their domestic flights a little more comfortable. The crew did a good job supplying drinks and BoB snacks after take off despite a rather turbulent trip. The short last leg went without a hitch and arrived at our destination early. All in all no complaints. Have been flying this route with UA for a decade on a regular basis and have never had any real problems."
"I didn't have high hopes for United Airlines as I am aware of their bad reputation, but this was a better experience than I expected. Their domestic flights aren't the best and I would expect a full service airline to offer at least a small snack on a 4 hour flight. The legroom is also quite cramped. I had no issues with service as the attendants were friendly and efficient. I had a 15 hour flight from LA to melbourne on a new Boeing 787, which was very clean, seats were comfortable, food was ok, portions were a little small however. Toilets were clean, attendants were friendly and offered water throughout and were quite chatty with customers. My suitcase arrived in one piece. I would be happy to fly them again, however there is room for improvement on domestic flights"
"Flew United Airlines from Newark to Barcelona on a Boeing 767-400 and had a very nice flight. Boarding was from gate 120 at EWR which is in the newest wing of the UA terminal which is quite spacious and was by done by group number. Onboard I was in 3D which is a single middle seat, as it is a 2-1-2 configuration. Our amenity kit, which by Cowshed, was on the shelf in front of my seat - a very nice kit. Offered a pre-departure drink and had my coat hung. Menus handed out and newspapers offered. There were four entree choices including short ribs, Amazon cod, pasta and chicken. I chose the cod which was delicious and perfectly prepared. Dinner preceded by drinks with warm nuts, an appetizer (smoked salmon), and a salad with a choice of dressings each served as a separate course. Dinner was then followed by a cheese chart first with port then ice cream sundaes. The service was very good. My champagne glass was filled 3 times without even looking up and the label was shown to me. Being in the middle, I had 2 different flight attendants fawning all over me. I slept well as it was a flat bed seat. We were asked if we wanted to be woken up for breakfast. I said yes so about an hour before landing the lights came on and breakfast was served. It was quite good with fresh fruit, yogurt, granola and pastries. We left on time and arrived early. I couldn't have asked for a nicer flight!"
"This is my second time flying with United from the East Coast to LAX, and I was very satisfied with my experience both times. The planes are clean and modern, and the flight attendants attend to guests in economy seating the same way they attend to guests in first class. I also flew with my puppy the second time via their PetSafe program, and all the folks I was in contact with were very accommodating. I will definitely be flying United for future trips."
"I have read many reviews on United Airlines, many not too favourable. However I flew with United Airlines from Boston to San Francisco. My experience was excellent, on time and the cabin crew were first rate, plane was very clean. Only one small problem, my wife's luggage was offloaded to another flight which arrives about one hour later, no big deal."
"San Francisco to New York JFK on United Airlines p.s. service. In contrast to my last flight with United 2 weeks ago, this flight was superb. The check-in was nice, and the lounge wasn't that busy. Boarding was on time and we departed early! For a 5 hour flight, the seats were quite nice as they are the same on long-haul routes. Plus, they were the new business first seats. Service was nice and attentive, a rare treat at US airlines. Would definitely fly United's P.S. service again."
"I normally rant about my United Airlines flight experiences, but my flight from Newark to West Palm Beach was superb, and it was in coach. In row 38, which is second to last row on the plane. It was a new Boeing 737-800 with a sky interior. Spacious, light and modern. The economy seat was comfortable, service good and great food options were well presented. The onboard Internet worked really well. If United Airlines could replicate this experience across the whole fleet it would be awesome!"
"United Airlines for some reason unknown cancelled our flight months before departure from ORD to FLL. As a result we we're re-routed west through DEN and then IAH to get to Florida, not thrilled! Flight from Winnipeg had the new seats on the CRJ, seriously uncomfortable. Not sure why from DEN-IAH we had a Boeing 787-800, lovely experience in economy comfort. Great AVOD, I believe the inbound flight was NRT-DEN, so definitely a plane designed for international routes, but it was fun to be on for this short flight. Great mood lighting, cool windows, nice and quiet. 737-900 from IAH-FLL was newer inside too. Flight attendants in decent mood, all on time, all went well. No complaints, have had issues with United in the past. Maybe turning the corner?"
"Minneapolis to Chicago on an Embraer 170, and the seats were very comfortable for an economy based seat. The plane was operated by United Express. The flight crew seemed very efficient. Due to my leg, I was helped down the plane steps by the captain of the plane."
"Domestic flight from LAS to IAD on United Airlines Boeing 737-800, seating comfort low, seas are very close. Very reduced service as on US domestic flights and only drinks free of charge. Flight was on time and in order. From IAD to ZRH on Boeing 767-300, comfort was again not very good, only a little legroom and the man behind me was slightly larger, so pushed the whole flight with his knees into my seat, which was very annoying. The IFE system was very good and the movies not bad. The pillows and blankets were of simple quality . The food was not very good and also very little. The staff on board were excellent and very friendly and accommodating."
"United Airlines new ERJ-175 is a great plane. Plenty of room, very good seats and on their Houston to Atlanta route, great service. All seats up front have power. Restrooms at the front and rear of the aircraft. Overhead storage is also a great improvement. Not only can you put your back pack or brief case up top but also carry on baggage that we use to have to gate check. Great job."
"A fine flight today with United Airlines from London Heathrow to Newark. Check-in and boarding were efficient. We battled headwinds across the Atlantic but still managed to arrive fifteen minutes ahead of schedule. I had row 7 (the emergency door exit) all to myself, which makes any flight pleasant. The cabin crew was attentive, the lunch service was satisfactory, and the inflight entertainment worked well. I would like to see United Airlines put sparkling wine back on the menu, at least available for purchase. If European low cost airlines can manage to offer this option, certainly United Airlines could too."
"A reasonable overall experience on this flight from Chicago to Los Angeles with United Airlines. In ORD the priority lanes at the TSA checkpoint were not clearly signposted. The United Club was over-crowded and pretty basic. The flight was delayed due to late arrival of the inbound aircraft from MCO. Boarding was quick and efficient and pre-departure drinks were offered. The cabin crew were really friendly and attentive and offered excellent inflight service. The seat was comfortable and a standard domestic first class product. Food and beverage service was good and regular refills were offered. IFE was DirecTV which offered a varied selection of live TV and recorded movies. Although the aircraft was equipped for Wi-fi the system was not working on this flight. Baggage delivery in LAX took ages!"
"I have had 2 excellent flights on United Airlines between Cleveland and Edinburgh via Newark. The food and beverages were excellent and served by pleasant attendants. When I expressed my surprise at the number of drinks and snacks served, I was told that United Airlines had just increased this service one month ago. The premium economy seats had plenty of legroom. The seats were wide enough for me but not as wide as on Lufthansa or Swiss."
"My first experience with United Airlines, travelling from Washington to San Francisco on a Boeing 737-900ER. The seat pitch is good but you can't really recline too much with those thin economy seats. There is no entertainment system on the plane which is a pity. There were foods and beverages for purchase only."
"Missed my United Airlines flight from Washington to Raleigh Durham, Air France was late arriving in IAD. Although I had to stand in line for about 1 hr 45 min to get another ticket issued I have to compliment the agent who listened to everyone complaining. I smiled and she smiled back and my ticket was re issued without question for the next flight to RDU. United flight left and arrived on time. Inflight service was limited to hot coffee for me and it was most welcome. Crew were professional, polite and efficient. Seat was comfortable with ample leg room. No complaints, great flight will ride United Airlines again."
"I flew United Airlines from LHR to MCO via IAH in Economy Plus, on their Boeing 787-8. United Airlines Economy Plus product is simply the economy class seat but with an additional 3 or so inches of leg room. The economy plus product is only worth buying if you want that extra room but in my opinion I don't believe there's much difference between that and the economy product. I flew economy back and didn't really find it much different. My wife, son and I are all average height and weight so don't require any extra leg room. The main problem is that the seat is far too thin and as such doesn't provide much support. I know this is a design improvement to lower the weight of the aircraft, but it doesn't help your back on those long flights - LHR to IAH is 10 hours or so. I normally fly business class for work for transatlantic flights (SFO and JFK) around four or five times a year on BA's 747-400 or Virgin's A346 or 747-400 and flying the 787-8 is by far the best craft I've been on. I felt the freshest and the least dehydrated on this craft. In summary, I don't think economy plus is worth the upgrade cost but if you have an extra $150 dollars or so then go for it."
"Quick trip to San Francisco from PHX with United Airlines. Upgraded to First with status. The regional jet was brilliant. Large overhead bins - no gate checking carry-on bags, Beverages and packaged snacks both directions. Friendly and engaged flight attendants on both flights."
"We flew United Airlines for the first time using our Air Canada Aeroplan miles. Both segments of our flight from Vancouver to Honolulu were excellent, aircraft were clean and the service was better than other reviews of this airline. I was most impressed with one female flight attendant that had two passangers (a couple) remove their luggage from the front of the premium economy overhead compartment walking further back in the aircraft where they were seated. This has become common practice such that they can simply grab their carryon luggage without carrying it from the back of the aircraft. Surrounding passangers raised a bravo to that flight attendent. The crew on both flights were excellent. We did not have to pay for pillow, blanket and headsets. Perhaps they were included in our Premium economy seating. Our seats were very good with good leg room - Row 17 Window and Aisle. We were very impressed with the safety presentation. Grabs your attention. Well done United. Overall we were most impressed and will certainly consider flying to Hawaii next year with United Airlines."
"We were very pleased with United Airlines on our trip from Houston to Rio de Janeiro. Check-in and boarding at both airports in Houston and Rio de Janeiro were very quick. The inflight experience for both legs of my trip were great. The Boeing 787 is a newer aircraft with mood lighting, and auto-tinting windows (no shades). The in flight crew on both flights were very pleasant and I felt very well taken care of. Lots of entertainment options, and the food was very tasty."
"I've been flying United Airlines for most of my transatlantic flights from Paris to Dallas via Newark. The counters at CDG were all empty, which was a big surprise and confused me because I was desperately looking for the line. Airport staff was nice. On my flight from Paris to Newark, I was on a 757-200. It's always strange to cross the Atlantic on a single-aisle jet but the flight was very pleasant, the flight attendants were nice. The Inflight Entertainment included seatback screens that worked perfectly, aswell as onboard WiFi and Media Server. The WiFi was sadly not working, which is a pity. The food was okay, I mean, it's airline food, and it was average. The seats were old, and so, fairly comfortable compared to the new seats that seem to get thinner and thinner. Newark Hub is decent. Just wish I didn't have to use my credit card to get some WiFi. My flight from Newark to Dallas was on a 737-800. Wasn't as good as the previous one, but it's a regional flight. I think paying 4$ for a small can of Pringles is nuts. There was seatback screens (DirectTV) and the WiFi and Media Server were working fine. The cost of the WiFi was okay. The seats were modern and comfortable enough. Flights attendants were nice. Then it was the usual business at Dallas airport waiting half an hour to get our luggages. But I'm used to it now."
"I was satisfied with United Airlines on Kansai to Guam flight. The staff was very friendly. We've got a free upgrade to Economy Plus where we had more space. Boeing 737 was in good shape. The food was not so good, though."
"The first leg out of Buffalo was rather enjoyable, the plane was clean and rather new. However, United Airlines new \"slimline\" seating wasn't pleasant, but EconomyPlus made up for it. Service was basic, with complimentary beverages. Entertainment was DirecTV, but it was useless on an hour flight. The plane arrives early to O'Hare. The United Club at C Terminal was okay, offering decent food and WiFi. The 737-700 to Bozeman was not what I had in mind. It wasn't very clean and had some trash in the seat pockets. The cloth seats didn't help either. But EconomyPlus at the bulkhead offered extra comfort, and the DirecTV was enjoyable, however movies weren't on-demand. The flight arrived on-time to Bozeman with a gorgeous approach. My bag was the first one at the claim, and I ended up enjoying my experience with United Airlines and couldn't wait to explore Yellowstone and Grant Teton National Parks."
"I was a little bit concerned of booking on UA after reading some of the reviews. No reason for concern, however. Took a flight from Amsterdam to Houston with a connection to Salt Lake City. Flew back from San Diego to Houston with connection to Amsterdam. Legroom on the domestic US flights a bit limited but no complaints while flying over the Atlantic. Had an almost two hour delay on the flight from Houston to Amsterdam of which we where informed already quite early and about which we received several updates. Made up some of the time during the flight. Cabin staff were friendly and catered to all of our needs with no exception. Food and drinks in adequate quantity. Quality not different from what I have experienced with most other airlines. This was the first time I flew with United and I have no reason not to fly with them again."
"First flight Manchester to Philadelphia was super, plenty of seat space and all family seated together, cabin crew attentive supplying complimentary drinks and food. Entertainment was great, TV in back of seat with multiple options for TV, movies or music, plenty to keep the kids occupied during a 7+ hour flight and airline provided ear buds. Philadelphia to San Francisco there was no entertainment (6+ hour flight), complimentary drinks and snacks, cabin space was ok. Given no entertainment, this flight seemed longer than expected."
"This was my first flight travelling with United to Europe and surprisingly, everything went smoothly. Our flight only departed 30 minutes late but that's normal for Newark and we arrived on time into Frankfurt. The aircraft was clean and the flight attendants were friendly and spoke multiple languages. I didn't eat the food but the choice of dinner on this route was between pasta and chicken. We were also given a snacks and drinks after takeoff and before landing. The inflight entertainment was also really good. There was a wide range of movies, shows, games, and music. The seats on the other hand weren't comfortable for sleeping and somehow, mine wasn't able to stay reclined. I'm 5' 3\" so I can't complain about the legroom. My only issue would be at check in, the workers appeared to be miserable. I prefer European airlines over any American airline, but if the fare is right, I'll fly United again."
"Same aircraft all the way even though we changed in SFO. Fairly new Boeing 737/900 so was in very good condition. Late leaving LAS due to a computer fault on the aircraft so time in SFO for connection short. Very short first leg so only snack offered which was adequate. Made connection to Hawaii as did our bags so that was good flight from SFO to KOA uneventful food OK as was IFE arrived slightly early. No moans."
"Flight departed early KOA and arrived early in SFO but advantage lost as our gate was occupied so spent ages on the taxiway. Flight was good, crew friendly enough, food was the worst of this trip. A cheese burger that looked and tasted as if it had been in the oven for days. Everything else was ok."
"Old jumbo but in very good condition, seat 16A fantastic on top deck. IFE great, food superb, crew friendly and attentive and we arrived at Heathrow early. Couldn't have asked for more."
"Aircraft was a little old and tired but everything worked. Crew friendly enough food average. Aircraft departed and arrived on time along with the bags. Extra room in first class appreciated so no moans."
"This was my first long-haul transatlantic flight and what can I say. Very happy with the flight. The check-in was quick and didn't require queueing for too long. We were onboard and taxiing for take-off in no time. The flight attendants were smiley and happy to help. Food was basic but enjoyable, a choice of chicken or beef. The in-flight entertainment system was a tad dated but had all the up-to-date films and TV shows. Free earphones were handed out at the start of both flights. Unfortunately as we did not book our seats, we were left with the row in front of the exit row which meant we could not recline at all so next time I would reserve them. Having said this, on our return flight, we were in row 40 (right at the back) and the recline was perfect and we didn't have anyone behind us. Taxiing after landing at Newark took a while (no fault of United) and disembarking was a little bit lengthy. Due to the plane being a narrow body (3-3 layout) it made the flight feel a bit cramped, however, as there were 3 of us travelling together, it meant we could all sit together. Overall, a great transatlantic service with United. Would fly with them any day of the week."
"Great flight in seat 6K, aircraft quite old but in good overall condition, departed on time from Heathrow, arrived early in Chicago. Service on board was excellent as was the inflight entertainment, food pretty good too. Cabin crew friendly enough and luggage arrived ok so I'm very happy with United."
"After our booked flight on 9th August was cancelled by United about 6 hours before we were due to fly and then being passed from pillar to post by the there customer service department, I was not looking forward to flying out the next day. However, the flight itself was one of the best I have been on. We were moved to the Economy Plus cabin by the excellent staff at Newcastle airport and this made a huge difference. The leg room was good and this made for a very comfortable experience. The staff on the flight itself were friendly and approachable."
"I found all the staff I interacted with friendly and professional, the aircraft was clean, the food was fine but not enough. The seats were a nice size. I had never flown with United before and was pleasantly surprised. Although I was sat next to morbidly overweight people on both my flights the seats were big enough that the people next to me did not squeeze onto my seat like they usually do on Virgin flights which I liked. I was late getting to the gate (very much my fault) and the initial employee I spoke to was rude and short with me and refused to even see if I could make it to the flight even though my baggage was still on board and the food was not yet delivered to the plane, she told me \"no, you aren't getting on the flight\" and refused to even see if it was a possibility. Thank goodness for the other lady who phoned someone, told me I was fine to get on the plane because they were waiting for the food and my luggage was still aboard, and sent me through. I slept most of the flight to the UK. The touch screen with my seat on the way back to the USA was really finicky which was a bit annoying, I liked the selection of movies and that they played as soon as I was sat in my seat rather than waiting till after take off for them to work. I bought duty free stuff inflight and the staff that helped me were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this airline and will use it again."
"Round trip Newark to Rome on an updated Boeing 767. Coach seats very comfortable. IFE was good, on demand movies, tv. Meals were edible, which is all I have come to hope for. Flights on time and bags arrived with us. Only issue was the surly treatment from almost all the flight attendants. Don't know why they hate their customers so much. I fly with United Airlines often, but they either need to lose the \"friendly skies\" tag line or, better yet, train their crew in the basics of good customer service."
"It's unfortunate nowadays that people only ever seem motivated to write if they have a 'bad experience'. I have flown with UA pretty regularly from Australia to East coast USA and have had no real issues. The 787 is a great plane, the crew on these flights are experienced and efficient and the food is generally on a par with competitive airlines. As a business traveller though punctuality is extremely important and this is where UA has excelled. In my past five trips I have been delayed only once and this delay was handled very professionally. I have no issues with UA."
"Excellent service in PS. Seats were comfortable. Entertainment system was the best I have seen, and wish it were available on all United flights. Ground crew at JFK and LAX were courteous, professional."
"A very enjoyable flight in Business Class from YVR to SFO. We had priority check in, which was great as the economy queues were really long, thus we were given much more time to spend in YVR airport. However, I was a bit disappointed that Business Class passengers didn't have a priority security check lane in YVR. The seats were wide and legroom was great for a 2.5 hour flight. We were served a pre-takeoff drink and then a two course meal, which consisted of mushroom soup and a beef salad/egg chicken sandwich. The cabin crew were friendly and I couldn't really ask for more on this flight. We had Personal TV's on the flight and a wide range of newly-released movies. Wifi was available but I did not use it. We had 4 checked bags and they were one of the first to come out due to priority baggage, and helped us make use of our limited amount of time in San Francisco. I will definitely fly this route again on Business Class with United."
"UA is raking in the profits but that was certainly not noticeable on this old A320 service from New York to Denver. The plane is old. The First Class seats are tired. Service is exhausting. On this flight they had 1 flight attendant for 12 pax! The problem that I have with UA is that they are so inconsistent with their product and service range. On a positive note - I do have to say that my meal was quite good."
"I do like the new 737-900ER planes that UA is introducing into their fleet. The windows are bigger, the cabin feels roomier. The first class seats are comfortable although nothing out of the extraordinary. Although it was a short flight, there was no meal offered, other than a quick snack. Service was ok!"
"We booked United as the price was by far the cheapest. I was really worried due to negative reviews. In the last fortnight we have taken 4 United flights and the only fault was that one had faulty TVs for all the party - but we always go well prepared so no real issue. All staff were very friendly even remembering your choice of drink which is quite something on a flight with hundreds. Entertainment system fabulous. Food typical airline stuff. No delays. We only had a 45 min gap between 2 flights but still had plenty time. Don't understand the negative reviews."
"Check-in at Boston went smoothly and the plane boarded on time. I enjoyed using the free personal device entertainment United offers on their Airbus aircraft. While waiting at Newark Liberty for my next flight to Chicago, I was notified two hours before take off that my plane would be delayed and I would miss my final flight to Appleton. I was quickly placed on stand-by for another flight to Chicago, but soon realized I would not be able to get on that flight, as others were trying to fly stand-by as well. I had to take my original flight, which was delayed three hours, due to the fact that the aircraft was coming from Dallas and was delayed due to storms. I missed my original flight to Appleton, so was booked on a later one. In all, I spent about 15 hours on planes and in airports. It was a long day, but except for one customer service representative at Newark, who acted as if I was an inconvenience, every other United employee I dealt with was kind and helpful."
"I arrived at the airport too early and had to wait to check in. This was my fault. The lounge was great and I was able to have a nice breakfast. The flight attendants were fine, the seat was comfortable and the lunch, I had the beef, was excellent. I woke up after a quick nap and the fasten seatbelt sign was on and stayed on for the last six hours of the flight. The arrival snack was rather disappointing, a piece of bread with tomato sauce and some fruit. Thirty minutes before landing, the pilot finally came on and said, the fasten seatbelt sign is on and prepare for landing."
"Service, seats, leg room and entertainment was excellent. I read all reviews prior to travel and my family and I were nervous. I will go as far to say it had more leg room than Singapore Airlines. Flight UA804 met and exceeded expectations. Now onto New York from Tokyo."
"First leg from Harrisburg to O'Hare was delayed by 2 hours due to weather, causing me to miss my connection in Chicago. Total door-to-door travel time for this flight was about 14 hours. All staff was courteous, pleasant and efficient. WiFi entertainment system that streams TV and movies over tablets worked well, and provided lots of options. No problem finding my flights. The planes are so packed (this is industry wide, not just United) there's no flexibility in the system for weather delays. This also makes them uncomfortable. When I got annoyed enough that I tried three times to upgrade to Premium Economy hoping to score an empty center seat, United's App steadfastly refused to take my money, so I stayed wedged back in the back of the plane. Would I recommend United? Yes. They're no worse than any other carrier. The benefit of United though, is you can get their service at more locations than just about any other airline. Using the smaller, regional airports like Harrisburg saves a lot of airport headaches - that's what gives United the leg up over other carriers for me."
"A surprisingly pleasant trip. Cabin service was very good and food was good as well. Seats were very comfortable with a nice selection movies available. The internet worked well, reasonably fast and did not lose signal the entire trip. We had seats 16J/K on the upper deck and it was very private and quiet up there."
"Previously we flew United to the US in August 2015 - Sydney to SFO, SFO to LAX, then LVG to Sydney via SFO. No problems, no delays, no cancellations. This past May we flew again to the US with United. I have to admit that this time I was concerned as I had read many bad reviews about the airline. We had also requested upgrades on all flights to Business First and had been approved on our outward and return flights. Then my fears were realised when one hour after checking in online for our flight to SFO I received an email informing me the flight had been cancelled due to the inability to find a crew to fly the plane from SFO to Sydney. After a frantic call to United we were put on the LAX flight which left 2 hours earlier the next day. Of course we lost our upgrade but the customer service rep was good enough to put us in Economy Plus at no charge. Again my fears came back when we were at the airport to be informed that the flight was delayed due to the inbound flight being delayed at LAX. However that said the pilot was able to make up time in the air and we actually landed early in LAX and easily made our connecting flight to New York. This was the only problem we encountered with United on this trip."
"Onboard UA 113, MUC-IAD. Full disclosure - I am a UA Gold Elite, I want UA to succeed. I made a last-minute change to my reservation. This occasioned a major problem that wasn't picked up until after I had arrived at the Lufthansa Senator Lounge. It took LH staff over 30 minutes to resolve, but in the end, I am sitting comfortably onboard. Boarding was efficient and smooth, and my seat (exit row 28L) is perfect. We pushed back 5 minutes ahead of schedule. The cabin crew have been particularly attentive, efficient, and friendly. Beverage and meal service were quick. My only complaint is with the new economy drink and meal service. Although the inflight menu continues to list sparkling wine as available for purchase, the reality is that in economy, champagne is not to be had for love nor money. This is a discrepancy that should be resolved, either by changing the information in the inflight magazine, or preferably, by restoring this purchase option. In any event, I will continue to fly and enjoy United Airlines."
"5/6/15, DEN-GRR, A320, First Class, seat 1F. Was meant to be an AA with BA Avios points, flight however it was delayed and would have meant missing a connecting flight so was put onto this direct flight. Seat was very comfortable with plenty of width and legroom. No Pre departure drink offered and crew were not that friendly, though attentive, chewing gum the whole time which I think looks very unprofessional. Drinks topped up regularly through the flight. Meal was excellent also. No entertainment was provided. Arrived on time."
"United recently revamped their Economy food and beverage service on international flights. As much as I've ripped on United for flights to and from Japan (especially compared to their codeshare partner, ANA), the new system is a definite improvement. Beer and wine are once again complimentary (finally!), and the meal is doled out in three smaller \"courses\" instead of being dumped on your tiny tray table in one go. The food itself (cheese ravioli) wasn't bad at all, again much improved from my last trans-Pacific last year. It's a US airline, so you still have to deal with the occasional long-tenured yet disgruntled flight attendant, but overall I didn't hate the experience, which is saying a lot for a 12 hour flight in Economy on any airline. This review sounds kind of mediocre, but the thing is, the flight was also very cheap. With that in mind, the cost performance was impressive."
"Flew TPA-IAD-LHR on 1 June, the first day of United's new enhanced economy transatlantic product. The flight from Tampa to Washington was a delight - friendly crew and punctual departure and arrival. Boarding on 918 was completed 15 minutes before scheduled departure, and then we waited. Weather in the DC area delayed us 3 hours, the captain kept us informed and the crew distributed water and snacks. UA lived up to its promise - beer and wine were complimentary. Lamentably for me, sparkling wine which used to be available for purchase, was not to be had for love or money in economy. The new chef-inspired meals left me unimpressed."
"I flew with United from Chicago to TPA and enjoyed the flight. On time departure and arrival. Seats had decent legroom. The crew were wonderful and polite, wifi was fine, but the DIRECT TV was too pricey for $7.99. There were power outlets on my plane. Overall a good experience. I will definitely fly United rather than American."
"EWR-TLV on a 772. Left on time, seat pitch limited, interiors were not brand new but not worn out either. Service was good and so were the meals, an improvement from my previous flights with United. IFE was very good, with an exception for a small screen. Overall a goof experience worth the money."
"Flight from Washington DC to Rome and return flight Rome to Newark: The flight attendants were absolutely fantastic. The food on the flight from D.C. to Rome was a little better than the return flight but the food was more than acceptable. The seats were comfortable and a luxury to be able to stretch out and relax. The entertainment was great. There were many TV programs and movies to pick from for everyone's taste. Boarding and disembarkation was a breeze. Our baggage was on time."
"On April 20th we flew from HNL-LAX the flight left around noon. From the beginning there was a noticeable lack of service at the airport a very casual approach to almost being a big yawn. We boarded a very crowded old Boeing 757 it was scruffy dirty and the flight crew even scruffier. We had paid for Economy Plus and a bulkhead all added extra's happy to pay when the service is provided in this case the seats were so narrow it was hideous the galley to our right was occupied most of time by a flight attendant who was more interested in himself than anything else the rest of the crew appeared very uninterested even the First Class crew could not smile. The continual line for the restrooms required us to keep moving our legs never again. We were showered in ice cubes from the galley twice I ordered a cocktail to help keep me calm $14 AUD for a drink such a rip off it was basically thrown at me. What has happened to United? We vowed never to fly with them again now here comes the kicker we had a return from LAX-HNL in late May a 777-200 lovely aircraft two roomy seats on the side in Economy Plus and some of the most charming flight crew I have met. I talking an older crew they offered superb service with a smile I told them they had restored my faith in United for which I received great thanks and was told they were called the originals. Flights on time and the return cocktail were much less expensive."
"This was my first time to fly Domestic First Class on United Airlines. My first thoughts were how the cabin service reminded me of what economy class once was when I flew as a teenager in the late 1970's. This trip was from SEA to ORD to IND and back. Zone 1 boarding: Great! Initial cabin greeting was pleasant and prompt. Seat comfort good. Seat pitch a bit tight. Drink and snack service: very good. Flight Attendants: If I ran my own airline I would hire each attendant that I encountered on this trip. Meal service was good no complaints. Inflight entertainment: On the outbound trip there seemed to be a good selection that I could watch no charge on my own device. Connectivity needs to be simplified! On the return part of my trip the equipment was Inop. This is the second US carrier that I've encountered with Inop inflight equipment. United you need to spend more time making sure your equipment works. \"Just Good Enough\" is not good enough!"
"Terrible service provided by the flight attendant. Unfortunately I had fallen asleep when the drinks were being served and when I asked the flight attendant for water she just kept on walking. I pushed the call button and as she was serving the water she sarcastically asked whether there was an emergency to which I responded that I felt almost dehydrated and her unbelievably rude answer was that I could have got up to get the water myself. It's bad enough that the airline doesn't serve any food at no charge anymore but to top it off their in-flight service has got much worse. I didn't pay $60 for this international flight it was much more!"
"Just returned from a round trip from London to Washington then New York San Francisco and finally Cancun and return. We experienced no problems at all. All flights on time good seat width and legroom food good and friendly staff. On some of the flights there was no inflight entertainment but it wasn't really a problem."
"UA 895 4/11/15 UA 99 5/2/15. In my job I average 175k miles of travel a year primarily with UA and their Star Alliance partners. As a 1K I enjoy personalized attention with UA such as automatic rebooking on cancelled flights or missed connections. I fly coach but with my status I frequently get upgrades domestically. Although I'm qualified for 6 global upgades a year that hasn't happened since 2010 when both my wife and SIL received Business Class seats MUC-ORD (prior to the merger with Continental). Unfortunate but could be a sign of the health of the economy that those seats are being purchased. At any rate I am very happy with the service I get from UA and even though I live near ORD I have had very few cancellations or delays of significance flying in or out of Chicago. Prices are competitive and schedules are great making it very easy to co-ordinate travel to Asia or Europe. While I fly Delta and SkyTeam partners occasionally I will fly UA and partners if at all possible. Most recent travel was 747-400 ORD-HKG outbound to Taiwan and MEL-LAX (787-9) and LAX-ORD (757) homebound."
"We recently flew the Dreamliner from Melbourne to LA with 3 of our sons. We have flown United before on the old 747's. the Dreamliner is just beautiful great inflight entertainment larger windows which you can control making it darker with the touch of a button very friendly and happy staff always makes the 14 hour flight a lot more pleasant. The food was really good and the beverages were a good selection not too sure about paying for a beer when most other international airlines include that in the fare. Overall very happy to fly United for our family holiday's to America no delays whatsoever which is always great look forward to the next plane trip with United."
"Five of us flew from Palm Springs CA to Philadelphia PA. Our flight was cancelled due to weather in our connecting city so we had to stay over an extra day but United was helpful and upgraded us to premium economy. We had a great flight friendly flight attendants and got a great deal on ticket prices. I would recommend United Airlines."
"I have grown to despise flying after an early love affair with travel in the early 80's. That said the flight I was on from Dublin IR to IAD on a United 757 was excellent. We were in premium economy which made a huge difference on a 7+ hour flight. We had two hot meals (full + snack) three full beverage services and at least 3 or 4 juice/water services. I was dreading a narrow body long haul flight but United did it right. A most pleasant surprise in this age of travel misery."
"While traveling to Christchurch N.Z from Richland WA. on Flight 833 April 23rd we learned there were gale force winds and rain of up to 55 miles an hour around Sydney Australia. We were forced to travel on to Melbourne where we waited on the tarmac for 2 hours until we knew whether we could disembark. It turned out that we did all go into the airport and then were given lunch vouchers. We waited 3-4 hours and then got back on our plane bound for Sydney. I checked to see if I could catch a flight from Melbourne to Christchurch but was told by a UA attendant that there were no more flights to Christchurch from Melbourne I was given a motel voucher for a night's stay and continued on to Christchurtch via NZ Airlines the next day. All in all everything was handled well flight attendants gave extra cookies we were updated frequently about what was to transpire and I think all the passengers were happy that our safety was the most important thing to the crew."
"SAN-ORD-BRU AMS-IAH-SAN in economy plus. Flights on time service friendly and professional food decent IFE good planes clean and in good order and baggage arrived with me. United even e-mailed to inform me of a 24 hour transportation strike upon my arrival in Brussels with an offer to change my trip with no fee. Nice but wasn't necessary. No complaints."
"I took a trip from London out to Rio De Janeiro and from there to Sydney and back home after another stop over in Rio. My travel started on April 1st on UA 5 from London to Houston. I'm a 1k and upgraded this whole itinerary of about 48000 miles of travel from economy to business using mileage and a cash fee. All upgrades cleared in advance allowing me to select my favourite seating which on United one can do free of charge. I continue to be impressed at the level of courtesy and service in United's premium cabins. The vast majority of cabin staff gave very good attentive and professional service. Good simple food but very enjoyable and well presented. The fish dishes continue to be my personal favourite and were quite delicious. Frequent drink refills no need to ask its just given. Some really outstanding flight attendants. Some customers dislike the business class seating personally I have no problem with it. After a nice meal and plenty of snooze inducing beverages I can literally sleep for hours. The only downside in the whole trip was the closure of Houston Airport as a result of thunderstorms on 16/04/15. This could not be avoided or blamed upon the airline. End result I arrived at Rio on my way back 24 hours late. As a 1k a free phone call to a dedicated phone line got me rebooked on the next days flight keeping the upgrade. But I have to say that I did not envy the legions of poor souls who had to stand in line at Houston Airport that night to receive the same service from customer service. It seemed like hundreds of passengers waiting to see one or two agents working at 2am and it was not a pretty sight! All in all thirteen long haul flights apart from the one delayed by weather all other flights operated either on time or ahead of schedule. There are airlines out there that could not even come close to this level of punctuality. And as always my baggage appeared in the right place at the right time. United continues to provide generally very good service in my experience."
"BCN-EWR. United gets dumped on so much here I wanted to say something nice. Our trip was near-perfect. The flight was full yet the staff were friendly attentive prompt and accommodating in all ways. Very good filling and nutritious lunch plus a pre-landing hot snack. Seating in the Boeing 757-200 was spacious and comfortable. (We sat in their Economy Plus which offered plenty of leg room and I'm six feet tall.) Entertainment was plentiful and varied (I watched three recent movies I had missed in theatres) and the viewing screen was quite large enough. Overall the trip was so relaxing that we still had energy for the final two-hour leg home EWR- ORD which also was quite pleasant."
"I flew from Dulles Washington to London Heathrow on the 7th April 2014 although I was in economy it was the best flight I have experienced I usually sit at the window when I fly but this time I opted for the aisle - it does make life so much easier when flying. Anyway although I was in economy the service was first class the cabin crew were excellent its nice to be looked after by cabin crew with a genuine smile rather than a false grin. The free television on the back of the seat is also a nice addition anyway thanks united for a great trip."
"Flew EWR-AMS-EWR earlier this month. Had extra legroom in Economy Plus. Boeing 757 was very comfortable. Food was surprisingly good. Their \"Asian Vegetarian\" option was a really nice Indian curry. Soft drinks coffee and tea are complimentary and are frequently offered throughout the flight. Crew on both sectors were accommodating and very pleasant. They made quite an effort to make sure we were well fed and hydrated. I was travelling with two very young children and the crew constantly came up to our row and checked in on us. It made us feel welcomed and relaxed. Great in-flight entertainment with lots of great video on demand. Would definitely fly with United again."
"Travelled SYD-LAX-LAS and GCM-IAH-LAX-MEL and found the airline to be well above average. Whilst some of the aircraft are a little older the LAX-MEL leg was on the 787-8 and we were upgraded to premium economy (economy plus) for that leg - possibly the most comfortable flight I have ever been on. Flight attendants were typically very cheerful and despite the large amount of legs no complications with baggage. Food was fine entertainment on the long-haul flights was pretty good. In any respect they performed much above my expectations and don't deserve a lot of the bad rap they get on this site."
"I flew United from KIAD to DXB in economy and really liked it. I wasn't very optimistic about the airline when I read reviews on it but United surprised me with how good they were. The ticket was the cheapest I could find. I have flown on several different airlines and United served me one of the best meals I have ever had on a plane. The seats were big and comfortable since United has a good seat configuration. United uses a 3-3-3 seat configuration unlike many airlines that uses a 3-4-3 configuration on their Boeing 777's. The flight attendants were nice and helpful. The inflight entertainment was good with a lot of the latest movies and TV shows that kept me occupied the entire flight. I would recommend this airline to anyone."
"LAX to MEL on new 787-9 Dreamliner. This is the world's longest 787 route at around 15 hours so I would not even had considered flying United if they were using their old 747 with no IFE. This flight was excellent to the point I was wondering if I was actually flying United. I was in economy plus (which is not premium economy) but the extra legroom for a small surcharge really makes a big difference for such a long flight. The plane was brand new with excellent Panasonic IFE with very clear screen USB and power at every seat Wi-Fi which worked well for the entire trip good food and polite service. This was the best United flight I have ever taken and really feel they have a competitive product on this route (competing with QF A380). The only negative would be that you have to depart from the hideous terminal 7 at LAX. The return flight arrives at TBT to clear customs so think it would be much improved experience if UA international flights could depart from TBT as well."
"I flew to New Orleans from Toronto on Air Canada in business class on a cramped and ancient CRA jet which was very substandard compared to what it used to be and returned on United via Newark on a 320 Airbus which was surprisingly comfortable and superior to AC in every department and for nearly half the price than Air Canada charged for the outgoing trip. I will favour United over Air Canada in the future."
"I have taken several flights with United in the last 2 months (DEN-BOS-ORD-PHL-DEN and DEN-IAH). The online reviews are fairly awful but I have had overall decent to good experiences. All flights have arrived on time and early on a few occasions. Inflight service was overall good with smiling crews. Ground crews have also been reasonable good overall. I have found crews not based in EWR are in general a lot nicer. Inflight Internet worked well overall."
"UA1464. We flew from Palm Springs to San Francisco then from San Francisco to Calgary yesterday. Excellent flights connections and service."
"BRU-ORD-BRU. On the flight BRU-ORD the entertainment system was down so we had no entertainment at all. This was announced prior to boarding so it did not come as a bad surprise after take-off. This is not pleasant on a 9+ hours flight but United compensated us by serving all beverages for free including beers wines and liquor. After dinner the attendant even proposed to pour us a cognac without we had to asked for us. This is proper compensation and client care. The food was airplane food not great but the chicken was OK and before landing in Chicago we got a hot sandwich. On the flight ORD-BRU the entertainment system was working properly but the seatback screens on the Boeing 767 were utterly small. For dinner I ordered the pasta which was dough and something like tomato sauce not very tasty. Legroom was better than on most Asian airlines and attendants were courteous and caring. I see no reason why I should not take United again."
"YOW-EWR-PBI on the Sunday of March Break. Both flights on time using Embraer emb-145 and brand-new Boeing 737-900er with scimitar winglets and boeing sky interior. Ground and flight crew really polite and helpful with special mention for the check-in agent at YOW for being a brilliant help. Both flights on time with good seat comfort (I am 5'11\" 160 lbs.) with the real treat being the new plane and the boeing sky interior. My only gripe was the lack of IFE on the almost 3 hour EWR-PBI leg but with a book and music it was no big deal. Would recommend United for a reliable (but not outstanding) trip quality."
"R/T Portland to London Heathrow via Chicago. The outbound leg on antique 757 and 767s made me long for the good old days of air travel circa 1995. Far more comfortable than the return leg on brand new 777 and A320s. The older aircraft had wider seats and the flight from Chicago to London was less than half full so I had a full row to myself. The newer aircraft were by comparison more cramped had uncomfortable seats and were completed packed per the norm. The seat back entertainment systems were non-functional. Food was ok. Nothing special but edible. Flights were on time. Overall a satisfactory experience given that the airfare was a bargain."
"July 21st 2014 on UAL Flight 111. As a general fact I like United Airlines. I liked Continental a lot so United when acting under the Continental side is wonderful. However I got a bit more \"tulip\" and less \"globe\" on my flight from Miami to Newark. The check-in and gate agents were wonderful as usual but the flight was delayed two hours before taking off from Miami. I completely understand this but I feel that more could have been done to get on the plane sooner. I cannot complain about the seats they were comfortable and made of leather (or a similar material). However I was appaled by the lack of entertainment. To a completely literal extent the options consisted of SkyMall United's horrifically boring magazine and the one radio station I could hear which seemed to be an 80's synth station. There was no Wifi no plugs and no TVs not even one. I believe this is a remnant of United. I flew the same route on Continental in 2010 and I received sufficient television programming. If I'm flying in and out of Newark a former Continental hub I deserve Continental service. Let Chicagoans keep their United I'll keep my Continental."
"FRA to IAD in economy on February 27 2015. This was a very smooth flight all around. Boarding was clear and orderly. Dinner was very good as was the pre-landing snack while the screens were not the biggest the choice of entertainment was huge. The main differences between this flight and the tip-top level of service were the absence of warm towels and the lack of juice service during the in-between hours. Those are trivial. United offers an excellent product and the 777 is well maintained."
"Recently flew from Sydney to the US on United and a bunch of internal flights within US and returning home on United. Read a lot of negative reviews about United before I travelled so was a bit sceptical about the whole experience. I'm an average meat and three veg type of guy if I pay a beer price I don't expect to get Champagne service. Who does? I was more than happy with the service provided given the fares I paid. I recall only once one of the internal flights was delayed and it really wasn't a big deal. I would definitely fly with United again. I really think some people need to get a grip they want silver service for bargain basement prices. You get what you pay for and I was more than happy with United. No hesitation to fly with them again."
"AUS-IAH-LGA in F. First segment on a new E175 in Economy Plus. Actually really surprised at the comfort of the seat despite all the negative press about the new Slimline product. Of course this flight was only about 30 minutes but for a regional hop not bad at all. Continuing segment was on A319 in F. Seat was moderately comfortable but pitch was lacking and by the end of this 3 hour flight I was definitely eager to deplane. Service was attentive and professional however and drinks were consistently refilled. Food could have been better but what else is new. Overall I was pleased with this journey and despite being loyal to AA would consider UA again if traveling to one of their hub cities."
"Chicago to St. Louis round-trip. All flights were on time with friendly service. Midday in Chicago I cleared security in 10 minutes. Mobile boarding pass is very helpful. Boarding was quick and easy. Flight operated by Shuttle America E-170. The plane was very comfortable with lots of legroom in standard economy. I am 6' and had no problem. Return was equally as easy. St. Louis security very quick. This flight was operated by Trans State ERJ- 145. It was fine for the hour flight but anything longer would have been unpleasant. Narrow seats and aisle less legroom low ceiling seats falling apart very loud engines and lots of turbulence. Flight attendant very nice. Arrived 20 minutes early. The cost was definitely worth it over driving or amtrak given the punctuality. No inflight entertainment was offered on either flight which is fine for such short flights. I arrived an hour be fore both flights but could have got there much later. I recommend United and usually don't have issues with them and plan to fly them again in the future."
"AUS-IAH-LGA in F. First segment on a new E175 in Economy Plus. Actually really surprised at the comfort of the seat despite all the negative press about the new Slimline product. Of course this flight was only about 30 minutes but for a regional hop not bad at all. Continuing segment was on A319 in F. Seat was moderately comfortable but pitch was lacking and by the end of this 3 hour flight I was definitely eager to deplane. Service was attentive and professional however and drinks were consistently refilled. Food could have been better but what else is new. Overall I was pleased with this journey and despite being loyal to AA would consider UA again if traveling to one of their hub cities."
"Flew IAH-DEN-IAH on A320 last week and we had the Personal Entertainment Option (Beta). I guess after Beta unfortunately we have to pay for that too. Both flights on time and nothing to complain about."
"FRA-ORD-LAX-OGG. All flights were in clean planes with enough legroom (I've 183cm of height). IFE on international flights depends on the aircraft but on B777 and B767-400 its working well with a good choice of movies. Staff friendly (with one exception) food compared to other airlines (e. g. Lufthansa) much better. We missed our flight in ORD due to a 45min-delay in FRA for which United was not responsible. We could Hotel vouchers in Chicago flew to LAX and OGG the following day and arrived in Maui about 20hrs late. OK we missed one day in Maui but we got compensation (350USD for each passenger)."
"London to Costa Rica via Newark. Check in was quick and efficient. flight to Newark left on time and we landed 20 minutes early. The 777 was clean well equipped and comfortable. In Flight service excellent and food and drinks plentiful and good including the ice cream and caramel that was very impressive. Transit through Newark was somewhat long but that is nothing to do with the airline. Flight Newark to Costa Rica was on time. Aircraft was a 737 of some age but the seat was fine and the crew excellent again. Food and drinks again good for a short haul flight. So my experience of United was a good experience and well worth trying as the tickets are good value and extremely competitive against other carriers."
"MDT-IAD-LAS-ORD-MDT. Other than the leg from Dulles to Vegas the trip was largely a non-event. Even that leg the only real complaints I have is that it (B-737) was fully booked and the WiFi system on the plane was spotty. I do not recommend paying for the on-board WiFi systems until you've spent some time in the 'complimentary' area to make sure the system is working properly. The MDT-Dulles leg was a 25-minute trip not especially worth discussing. The Embraer 145 is a nice little plane the single-seat arrangement on the one side of the cabin does make a nice opportunity to get both a window and aisle seat. LAS-ORD was aboard an older 757. Seats were more comfortable than the 737 but in-flight entertainment was limited to basically an old Discovery Channel program on overhead CRTs. On the other hand it was free so I guess you get what you pay for. This plane was also fully booked but got lucky with a smaller woman in the center seat. ORD-MDT was aboard an A-319. Seats were comfortable. Inflight entertainment was available over a wi-fi connection to my tablet. Worked like a charm. Large selection of programming. Plane was about 80% booked and I got lucky with an empty center seat. On all 4 legs cabin crew was attentive and reasonably pleasant. Flights were on time or at least close enough that I had no trouble making connections. Notes: Bring a tablet or something to occupy yourself with. When the in-flight entertainment is right it works well. When it's not you'll be twiddling your thumbs without some way of entertaining yourself for hours. Do use the United app. Having the boarding pass on the smart phone - and getting all the necessary updates through the app - made things easier. It worked reasonably well. When traveling within the US (on any airline) don't go non-stop coast to coast. 5 hours on a fully-loaded plane is miserable (and lets face it they're all close to fully loaded today). An hour layover in some place in the middle is now a welcome respite and no longer a nuisance. Be prepared for delays. Stuff happens on every airline - mechanical and weather. My reading of the other reviews complaining about United strike me as largely problems that every airline is guilty of in some way shape or form. It is simply the reality of airline flight in 2014. Airline travel just isn't what it was 20 years ago when the planes were half full so there was more room and the cabin crew was not so rushed."
"LAX-MEL - B787-8 - Overall a good flight. Equipment changed from a B787-9 to a B787-8. Not too disappointed since it was still a Dreamliner but the change to the smaller aircraft had the consequence that a baby was moved from the forward business class to the 3 Business rows in the mid-section. A baby on 16 hrs flight - not recommended. Flight departed from LAX 1.5 hr late. Basically waited on board for 1.5 hrs. Everyone had already boarded so we were in this plane for at least 17 hrs. Flight uneventful new Dreamliner is a really great airplane large windows very airy cabin. Seat is good except that not every seat has direct aisle access. Inflight Entertainment great good selection of movies TV shows. Service was attentive (above usual United average) Food was decent. Unfortunately United does not supply their Business customers with Fast passes for Melbourne Airport Immigration so waited almost 1 hr to get through on top of the 1.5 hr delay. All in all a great plane and can recommend if you are traveling to Melbourne."
"SFO-SEA-SFO. A320 + B737/900. Late on departure in both cases. On time at arrival in both cases. No frills. Check- in smooth and as an alliance gold no baggage cost."
"TLV-ORD via EWR business first. Comfortable seat and was able to sleep for 7 hours. Dinner OK good entree nice service. Seats flat and convenient. Breakfast OK. Catering could be better but reasonable. Staff constantly in cabin during dinner and breakfast. Liked catering on Austrian and Turkish better. EWR United club nice showers and service from club staff but mediocre offering of snacks."
"EDI-EWR UA37 on B757-200 aircraft on the last day of 2014. (Part of a ‘P’fare booking EDI/EWR/PBI and return). Checked-in at the dedicated business class desk and was advised that UAL use the ‘Aspire’ lounge at EDI. The lounge was fine with a reasonable selection of food items for a snack breakfast. Flights are not called from the lounge. Boarding appeared to be well managed a number of supplementary security / travel questions were asked by an agent at the gate. Once onboard a welcome drink of champagne juice or water was offered. There is a 2-2 flatbed seat configuration in Business Class. The seat was comfortable with plenty of space and easy-to-use chair and In Flight Entertainment controls. The plane Departed on time at 09.05. On board service began roughly 45 minutes after departure. The main meal was lunch followed by a snack prior to arrival at EWR. In my opinion this is where UAL need to put more thought into what is offered. In view of the time of day prior to 10.00 a full breakfast or brunch rather than a lunch might have been a better catering option? The service from flight attendants was efficient although some of them appeared to be a bit tired looking. Small touches such as addressing passengers by name were absent on this flight. This was done on the inbound UA36 EWR-EDI 8 Jan 15 in comparison. The flight arrived at EWR around 35minutes ahead of schedule this was partly due to an on board medical emergency situation. Overall the flight was a pleasant and efficient experience. I would use UAL again in Business Class subject to obtaining a fare at a suitable price!"
"TLV-ORD via EWR business first. Comfortable seat and was able to sleep for 7 hours. Dinner OK good entree nice service. Seats flat and convenient. Breakfast OK. Catering could be better but reasonable. Staff constantly in cabin during dinner and breakfast. Liked catering on Austrian and Turkish better. EWR United club nice showers and service from club staff but mediocre offering of snacks."
"EDI-EWR UA37 on B757-200 aircraft on the last day of 2014. (Part of a ‘P’fare booking EDI/EWR/PBI and return). Checked-in at the dedicated business class desk and was advised that UAL use the ‘Aspire’ lounge at EDI. The lounge was fine with a reasonable selection of food items for a snack breakfast. Flights are not called from the lounge. Boarding appeared to be well managed a number of supplementary security / travel questions were asked by an agent at the gate. Once onboard a welcome drink of champagne juice or water was offered. There is a 2-2 flatbed seat configuration in Business Class. The seat was comfortable with plenty of space and easy-to-use chair and In Flight Entertainment controls. The plane Departed on time at 09.05. On board service began roughly 45 minutes after departure. The main meal was lunch followed by a snack prior to arrival at EWR. In my opinion this is where UAL need to put more thought into what is offered. In view of the time of day prior to 10.00 a full breakfast or brunch rather than a lunch might have been a better catering option? The service from flight attendants was efficient although some of them appeared to be a bit tired looking. Small touches such as addressing passengers by name were absent on this flight. This was done on the inbound UA36 EWR-EDI 8 Jan 15 in comparison. The flight arrived at EWR around 35minutes ahead of schedule this was partly due to an on board medical emergency situation. Overall the flight was a pleasant and efficient experience. I would use UAL again in Business Class subject to obtaining a fare at a suitable price!"
"FRA-EWR-PHX-EWR-ZRH. FRA-EWR on old 767-300 with a tiny little screen in front of you that shows some movies on channels. Own earphones did not work. Plane very loud. However seat quite comfortable very nice cabin crew and good and tasty food. Legroom officially at 31in. but feels bigger than on transatlantic BA or AF. Brought my own entertainment so I had an excellent flight (should have brought earplugs though). EWR-PHX on newly refurbished A319 with slimline seats. Again lots of legroom even for me (6'6\" / 2m) and again no IFE but wifi available. But again a nice crew with two full drink runs (alcohol for purchase) and some walk throughs with water. PHX-EWR on 737-700 also with new interior and AVOD. However this is provided by DirecTV cost is $5.99 for flight of two hours or less and $7.99 for flight of more than 2 hours. Sadly even the flight information part is enclosed here so you don't see it unless you pay for it. Again two drink runs and good service by nice flight crew. Of the four planes on this trip this one had the worst legroom but still OK. EWR-ZRH on 767-400. Old plane with brand new interior - and a good one at that. Slimline seats with a big screen in front of you a large choice of new movies games and shows. Legroom again very good the 31in. at United appear to be bigger inches than those on other airlines. Tasty dinner and small breakfast (with fresh fruit!). After reading many bad reviews I had mixed feelings about stepping into a United plane. I even considered doling out the (quite big amount of) $$ for Premium Economy. But I got corrected. All planes were clean and well maintained nothing rattled or fell of. The crews were all nice and helpful. Legroom was never an issue even with pax in front of me reclining. After this experience I highly recommend United. Before you fly - find out if you have to bring your own entertainment (or pay for it)!"
"LAS-SFO B737-900 and SFO-SYD B777-200. First leg was a short flight on a new plane soft drinks served courteous crew seats were just average but still too short flight to complaint. Second leg killer flight to Australia almost 15 hrs upgraded to Economy plus which was disappointing because basically is the same as economy with just a wider seat pitch that gave me more leg room and a comfortable sleep. Food just fine the trays are getting smaller and smaller crew was nice and attentive plane a bit old IFE average small screens with a good selection. I have no problems flying UA again but it has to be a really good deal as it is oceans apart compared to Qantas or Air New Zealand on the same routes down under."
"The flight attendants on the flight from MEL to LAX couldn't have been more attentive efficient and professional. Same on the LAX to NY and LAX to MEL. Food was reasonable drinks were served regularly cups of water offered often and service was second to none. I had heard all manner of criticism about United beforehand however decided that given the effort by United to revamp the airline putting the 'Dreamliner' into service non-stop between MEL and LA it was only fair to give United a fair chance. United Airlines staff were nothing short of fantastic having arranged assistance for me on arrival at the various locations - in general over and above their call of duty."
"Flew from LAX-LHR in Global First on the 777-200. Pros - Overall it is a very comfortable seat nice and soft bedding with a mattress pad small cabin (only 8 seats) great inflight entertainment system and friendly service. Cons - Food was subpar for international first and the appetizer was a spring roll and a coconut rubbed shrimp skewer - very similar to what you might find in a cheap cocktail party. Soup was served in a teacup sized bowl main was ok desert was ok too if you like ice cream as that is the only option. If United wants to compete with other international first class it needs more refinement style and \"class\" in their product. As I used award miles for this seat it was perfectly fine. I would only fly first on an upgrade or on an award ticket otherwise it is not worth the money."
"NRT-SFO upper deck B747. Check-in was quick and easy going. Avoiding UA depressing lounge went to ANA one which was not so so better. Wines not good. Food really uneatable (chicken). Desert: high calories ice cream with artificial flavor dressing. All of this to be avoided by healthy persons. Nice IFE but much more limited than on B777. Old seat but much more comfortable than B777 ANA's."
"SFO-SAN. B737-800. Everything fine quick and easy but luggage did nor make it. It arrived two flights later. Mysteries of UA/SFO."
"We flew from SYD to LAX in United Airlines Business Class B777 service in December 2014. We were quite pleased with the overall experience. The seats proved to be comfortable in the sitting position. They were a bit too narrow though for comfortable sleeping even for a 5'2\" woman. In comparison my wife stated that her recent Business class long-haul flights on Qantas and Emirates had much better seats for sleeping primarily due to the greater width. She found it very difficult to get to sleep on the United seat although she noted that the United seats were more comfortable in the seated position. The length was felt to be adequate. Storage space was minimal but adequate for our needs. TV screens were very generously sized and of good quality. Food service was excellent in quality as well as the attentiveness of service and friendliness of the staff throughout the flight - deemed to be slightly better than both Qantas and Emirates in that respect. Overall a good experience so perhaps United is making effort (apparently successfully) to improve its quality of service in recent months."
"I recently returned from a round-trip from Charlotte-Rochester NY with change of planes in Dulles on the outbound and Newark on the inbound. The trip was fine. Flight attendants on all flights were very professional. Ticketing crew in Charlotte and Rochester were nice. I used the lounge in Newark and was pleasantly surprised. Food was limited to snacks but that was to be expected (why US airlines do not have lounges with food selections akin to those of international airlines is beyond me). But two unexpected plusses were the presence of showers (which I did not use) and free alcoholic beverages (albeit of limited varieties). Still the lounge was a pleasant alternative of the hub-bub of Newark. I am a fan of propeller planes and was not disappointed. Both flights in and out of Rochester were on props. I will fly United again."
"Flew SFO LAX and ICN - SFO in Business as part of a RTW ticket. I continue to see improvement at United. On the short hop to LAX I was in F and the drinks were served in glass as opposed to my last experience when they were in plastic. The FA was friendly and very present. On the transpacific leg I was on the Upper Deck. I continue to really like the UA Business Class seat. It has more positions and the space is well designed. The dinner was quite good - Cioppino - and nicely served. Most US crews lack the energy and enthusiasm that one finds on foreign carriers but the service was friendly and attentive. I have no complaints."
"Sat in 24D on an Airbus 320 from Seattle to Newark. This is a standard aisle seat located on the right side of the aircraft just a few rows behind the over-wing exit rows. It is one of what I call the \"back-of-the-bus\" seats featuring the new Slimline Recaro seating. In light of the trend by most of the domestic air carriers to squeeze as many seats/rows as possible into their airplanes the best thing I can say about this seat is that it was adequate in terms of breadth leg space and comfort. If you are 5' 10\" or less in height or a somewhat taller person with short legs you will be able to sit in this seat and still have a couple of inches between your knees and the back of the seat in front of you. In other words you don't have to sit upright and uptight and feel as though you cannot move or are frozen in place. The lumbar support of the seat back is neither better nor worse than any other typical economy/coach-class seat on United Airlines. I do wish that the seat cushion itself was more supportive - it felt soft and thin - perhaps because the density of the foam filler or stuffing material used is lacking. On a long flight this seat may become uncomfortable and cause you to squirm a bit or want to get up and move around. Seat recline has been reduced and I was only able to move/tilt the seat back about two inches. Fortunately for me the middle seat on this flight was empty and that made my specific seat feel less confining and more bearable as I could spread out a bit (likewise for my seatmate in the adjoining window seat of this row). The staff appeared competent and the service itself was decent. The plane appeared relatively clean and well- maintained. Lamentably there was no in-flight entertainment system whatsoever which seems to be the trend on the smaller Airbus and Boeing aircraft operated by United. To reiterate my earlier comment this seat was adequate and tolerable given the trend by the airlines of reducing seat pitch on their aircraft. Stated simply it represents the new standard in air travel for the average passenger traveling on a budget."
"Orlando to Denver to Edmonton - because we had problems printing our boarding passes we went to airport and a courteous member of staff printed off our boarding passes for us. Because of that today we simply walked to security and went through. We only had 1 carry on bag each and one pack sack each. The staff announced that we could take our carry on bag and they put tags on each of them for us and we dropped them off at the circle just as you boarded the plane. Our bags went straight through to Edmonton. Due to technical problems we left about 1/2 hour late but that was ok. Before we got off the staff read off the gate of connecting flights. That saved everyone a whole lot of time. We made it to our next plane - had about 10 minutes and that plane had to wait for our baggage. There were other passengers in our position also The staff were excellent. No food except to buy not staff's fault. No TV's again not staff's fault. The seats were very comfortable."
"Was happy with the service in First Class on this quick flight from LA to Houston on United's 737-900. Seat was comfy and the food satisfactory. Nothing outstanding but good enough."
"PVG-LAX and IAH-LHR. Both flights were very comfortable. Seat and food is good. The only issue with the dreamliner (787) is the lack of proper window blinds. On the flight Shanghai-Los Angeles I was near the window facing south meaning that I always had the sun in front of me. Although the window transparency can be chanced it cannot be completely darkened and this is an issue when you want to sleep."
"Flew United from LAX to IAH non-stop on an aged Boeing 737-700. The flight departed 25 minutes late for no apparent reason (no explanation given). Luggage was still being loaded 25 minutes after scheduled departure. Plenty of people that should have gate-checked luggage were wandering the plane looking for overhead bin space with no help from crew. There was no snack pay only food options. Nonetheless the crew was somewhat friendly passing frequently even offering warmed up chocolate chip cookies to some of the kids although some had to share one cookie."
"For this 9 hour flight from Houston to Buenos Aires United uses a very old 767-300 with a 2-1-2 configuration in business class. The seats are the old Continental flat-bed seats which are angled ever-so-slightly towards the window. Although it's a flat bed the bed is very narrow and at my 190cm I could not stretch out. Felt like sleeping in a coffin! Also when you have to go to the bathroom it's quite the operation to step over your neighbour without waking them up. The service and food were OK although the plastic champagne flutes and the character-less dull white dinnerware could be improved upon."
"I may be done with United. Have had gold or platinum status for years but am getting increasingly concerned with linking flying to shopping and spending more money. As much as I hate to give up the three bags the comfortable lounges in airports it is becoming too stressful to keep up. I have almost lost respect for the airlines. Shop till you drop seems to be the key here. We are losing miles we have to spend more shop more buy the credit card. No other alliance does what United does."
"First off let me preface that I am not a frequent flyer so I tend to give airlines the benefit of the doubt if there is ever any problems. In the past 6 months I have flown two round trips with United one was non-stop and the other had 1 connecting flight. Every single one of those flights were delayed by an average of 2 hours. I would understand if there were weather conditions that cannot be foreseen but all the delays happened in Florida and California both of which had great weather. I even signed up for text alerts to get notified of these things and my alerts either came in an hour before the scheduled departure flights or never came I'm at all. That defeats the purpose of the alerts because you should to be at the airport about 2 hours prior to your flight. When I went to ask the staff at the counter at the airport they all seemed clueless and was not able to help me alleviate my concerns at all. Some were even downright rude and short with me. These inconveniences have almost cost me to be stranded at the airport because those my friends and family were not able to pick me up. I am more than furious at the less than poor customer service that United has to offer. I've spent hundreds probably even thousand of dollars to travel with this airline but I've failed to receive the proper service and professionalism from their staff and company overall. It is sad to say but I will not be flying with United Airlines anytime again soon. I would rather pay a bit more for other airlines just to ensure that I will receive the kind of service that I should be receiving as a customer."
"I did my first transatlantic travel with UA premium economy on 11/15/2014 IAH-MUC 767-400ER. Plane was clean entertainment systems fully functioning great service onboard. Food was a bit underwhelming but it's economy so not much can be added there. Beverage carts made fairly frequent trips. Crew did a good job."
"I took a United flight from GRU (Sao Paulo) - IAD (Washington DC) in Business First. When I first came to the airport I saw the flight would be delayed for 5-10 minutes. The flight time was originally 12.05 am but because of the delay it was supposed to depart at 12.15 am. So it was ok. But then after I board the flight does not leave until 12.40 am because they were waiting for passengers to board so obviously some passengers were late. In Air the flight crew was nice but they seemed like old United flight attendants to me. So they seemed a little cold to me. But the flight was good and I slept for 4 hours out of the 8 hours. I was glad the flight attendants gave my son the executive dining with out him asking. But the flight entertainment was ok. So it was an ok flight and it was better than the average United flight."
"HKG-SFO. I've always loved the 747 for its speed and comfort. Nevertheless a 12 hour flight is always a daunting experience but I am happy to say that this flight was wonderful. The multinational staff exceeded themselves and the food was of a standard I was not expecting. All in all I thoroughly enjoyed the flight I even got 6 hours sleep too. Good job United and thank you for the pleasurable experience!"
"Just flew DEN-LAX-MEL and return SYD-LAX-DEN. I was apprehensive about spending 16+ hours with United internationally as I avoid US carriers for long flights due to overall poor service I was however pleasantly surprised. All flights left on time with early arrivals. Outbound flight was on new 787-9 aircraft was great and seats in Business very comfortable. Entertainment with wide variety and crew were splendid on this run (old CO crew)- very chatty and went above and beyond for passengers. Return flight the same though crew a little older/colder (UA crew). 777 on return was 2-4-2 in Business which is a little ridiculous but seats were all fully flat. Where United is not up to par is inflight catering- food almost inedible on both routes- wines good though."
"EWR-MEX-EWR. Flights operated with early arrival in both directions. Super friendly on-board staff and top-notch gate people who are all an asset to the United team at both the EWR and MEX stations. The in-seat TV ads come on to annoy you even if you've turned the TV off. I felt like they should be paying me for constantly having to turn it off."
"I travelled with United for the first time last week. I was travelling business class and was a little apprehensive. The staff were fantastic very friendly and welcoming. The food was also very good - on both legs (from Melbourne to LAX). The flat beds extremely comfortable with very soft pillows. Not as many frills and extras as other airlines business class but if you can afford this for a long haul flight - the legroom and ability to stretch and sleep is worth it."
"UA 28 / UA 940 - London LHR / Newark Liberty EWR return. Outbound flight with refitted B777. Enough entertainment friendly helpful staff simple food nice overall. Inbound flight very old B767 but clean cabin and cheerful helpful staff. I was quite surprised by this quality actually as I frequently hear bad rumours about flying experience with United. Well done."
"LHR to LAX return during October 2014. Check-in unavailable on-line and at auto machine at LHR. Had to join queue despite having carry-on bags only. Outbound flight during daylight. Seat fine. Meal average to poor. Headphones fairly useless making it difficult to watch movies etc. Staff good. Return flight overnight complete contrast. Staff polite but charmless. No drinks unless you pay. ie wine $8.99 glass. Food poor. Both flights on time and at £60 less than BA basic but fairly acceptable."
"Flew from BOM-EWR. Fairly full flight. Unfortunately I was seated next to an already drunk passenger. Crew (very observant) discreetely intervened and rectified my problem in 2 minutes flat. I was seated aisle side with an empty middle seat (rare treat indeed). My go to drink on United is the premium red wine (Meiomi Pinot Noir) a solid value (70% premium over store price compared to the 500% premium on beers and booze - only the stupid pays $8 for Johnny Red). Unfortunately they were not carrying it on the flight. The super helpful nice lady comped me with 2 bottles of house red with my dinner andthen brought me a big wine glass (yes a glass and not the flimsy plastic cup) wfull of amazing cab - from the front! andshe brought it one more time before \"bedtime\". I was floored by the attentive service of the united flight crew. Hope my relationship with United will continue to thrive."
"London to Orlando via Washington. Terminal 2 fab help at self serve kiosks swift bag drop and security. Boarding efficient. 777-200 comfortable in aisle seat. Inflight service excellent plenty of soft drink runs expected charge for alcohol so had card with me. 3 choices for dinner lovely green Thai chicken curry with salad and some type of apple cake. FA's disengaged and going through the motions but professional no extra touches here. However clean cabin and toilets blanket pillow and headphones on all seats on boarding. Inflight entertainment choices very good. Arrived on time connection in Washington smooth. Crew on 2nd flight less interested but so was I by this point! Was just so relieved to be on this aircraft ad not some of the older smaller jets UA are still using on transatlantic routes."
"Flew EWR-HNL-EWR on Oct 24 2014 and returning on Oct 31 2014. The crew on EWR-HNL was quite good. They sure let passengers know that the food available for purchase would be available during entire duration of the flight and all we had to do was come back to the galley. Very important on a long flight with no meal service. They also made sure to go through the aisles with water repeatedly. The crew on the return flight from HNL- EWR left much to be desired."
"ORD to PSP via Denver one way in economy. Both flights on time in fact the flight to PSP was about 20 minutes early. Planes clean. Staff was very competent. They are really starting to put in noticeably smaller seats."
"ORD to PSP via Denver one way in economy. Both flights on time in fact the flight to PSP was about 20 minutes early. Planes clean. Staff was very competent. They are really starting to put in noticeably smaller seats."
"Flew UA from DEN to HNL in First Class. This is apparently a converted Continental plane with full reclining seats in first class. The seat was very comfortable with plenty of room. The food was decent although the spinach calzone was drowned in a cream sauce - tasty but not very healthy. The servers were friendly and helpful although after the meal was served about an hour in you had to make a request for a beverage over the next 5 hours as opposed to any regular beverage service. I rarely fly first class so maybe they expect you to ask for something as opposed to bringing beverages out regularly? The plane had seatback on-demand entertainment which was great except why is it that the UA webpage is still showing their listings for September and October only?"
"Recently travelled from Australia to US and back this included both international (SYD-LAX) and domestic (LAX-BOS) returning LAX-MEL was apprehensive as had read critical reviews however my experience was positive in all aspects. Found cabin staff both helpful and friendly helping passengers with difficulties in placing on board luggage this was more a problem on the domestic legs probably because people try to avoid checking in luggage and therefore push the limits with carry ons I note that some Aussie domestic airlines are cracking down on this so perhaps other airlines will follow. Anyhow just wanted to relay my positive experience with United and would recommend them for a good service at good price. Loved the \"Dreamliner\" on the return flight!"
"Our travel agent booked our flights within the USA from Australia. Each leg was on United Airlines. I had read previous bad reviews on this airline but thought we would give them a go. The experience was okay. The staff were fine each flight was crowded and each time we were down the rear of the plane. There was nothing remarkable about any of the flights but at least we arrived safely."
"Went ORD-DCA-ORD overall flights were okay although both were delayed. On my outbound flight there was also a delay because of a seat being broken on the aircraft and subsequently it seemed the flight was either overbooked or not completely ready to depart by the scheduled time due to some confusion with seating arrangements."
"SFO-HKG-SGN-HKG-SFO in Economy Plus. The B744 to and from Hong Kong was clean and well-maintained but showing its age-especially in the lack of IFE. However in both directions the crews were very good with lots of passenger interaction and presence in the cabin. They were HK based and very international in composition. The crews to/from SGN were even better-old Continental Mic staff based in Guam. I had exit row seats on all legs and found the legroom to be fine and the seat OK--but on such long segments no seat in economy is really \"comfortable\". The food was OK-could have been better with just a few additional touches-but no real complaints. The lounge in HK is fantastic-head and shoulders above anything in the US which made for a nice interlude. Overall an acceptable performance."
"IAD-SAV-IAD 29 Sept to Savannah and 13 Oct return to Washington Dulles. We have used United Express on their small Embraer and CRJ200 Aircraft many times before when flying to Savannah from Newark Chicago Washington etc. Always been perfectly OK and usually on time and surprisingly comfortable. No IFE supplied and no refreshments purchased but then again they are only short flights. But this time having booked our flights we were offered Economy Plus seats when we came to choose our seats for $28 each per flight. We duly chose this option and paid only for the aircraft on the outward flight to be changed. The replacement aircraft had no Economy Plus seats - no refund came until I chased this through there refund system. Worse still the return flight was on the original aircraft which never had Economy Plus seats in the first place. I will fly United Express again as they still do the job we want them to do but - if you can't provide the product you are selling then don't take people's money under false pretences."
"01/10/2014. LHR-IAH. Flight UA5. IAH-GIG UA129. A journey I upgraded from economy to business first using a global premier upgrade a free perk obtained as a IK level frequent flyer. I feel that the level of service on United has improved drastically and the efforts of front line personnel should be recognised. The flight attendants on UA5 from Heathrow to Houston were superb. They provided very professional prompt and friendly service. A comfortable seat in a new Boeing 787. In fact throughout all including my return journey from Rio via Houston and Chicago all check in and flight personnel were considerate and attentive. All flights arrived on schedule or early. I would also add that as a United flyer since 1995 my baggage has never been lost! From what I can see the only service problems this company ever had are being corrected. If these improvements continue I suggest that United could indeed become a world class leader."
"Fantastic business class flight from Chicago to Shanghai in upper deck of United Airlines 747-400. Attentive and friendly crew and great food - exceeding business class food on many international airlines. Entertainment system also has excellent offerings. United Business First Seat is very comfortable and creates the perfect lie-flat environment for plenty of restful sleep. I haven't flown United's business class in a few years and was pleasantly surprised."
"I travelled with United alone with a 16 month old and 4 yr old twins from Australia to Los Angeles to Memphis Orlando and back to Australia. We got the cheapest fare available with anyone and my expectations were low. United were great! Good and helpful staff good entertainment for twins when we missed a flight we were promptly rebooked and paid no fees food was not excellent but fine. This was a very welcome surprise - well done United!"
"We had a great experience with United Airlines on our return flight from Ottawa (Canada) to Phoenix connecting through Chicago O'Hare. Our flight to Phoenix was smooth and on time. The only thing missing was inflight entertainment. Our return flight was complicated by the fact that a disgruntled employee set a fire to a centre governing the flights through both Chicago airports on the Friday before our Sunday departure. We called the United 1-800 number and got through to an agent quite quickly. She was extremely helpful and could not find us an alternate flight with United so arranged for us to take a flight from Phoenix to Philadelphia and Philadelphia to Ottawa with US airways. We departed and arrived at a very similar flight to our original flight with United. This was the best service that I have ever received in a difficult situation like this. We had a very tight connection on the way back and our baggage arrived on the flight with us. Good job United!"
"I've been a Mileage Plus member and a United frequent flyer since 1995. The programme can offer outstanding benefits if your travel needs match their network. I recently flew LHR to EZE via IAH. And this was fairly typical of my travels in recent years. I booked an itinerary in economy class and upgraded using miles and a cash fee. All flights were upgraded to business first well in advance of my departure. All flights offer lie flat seating. Sleeping for several hours on long haul sectors comes easily. Service is most often generous food is not luxurious but is well presented tasty and enjoyable. Particularly the fish dishes which are my first choice. Drinks are plentiful I love the cheese course rounded off with an ice cream sundae served to order. Followed by a liqueur and coffee. During UA958 from ORD to LHR on the morning of Sept 18th I awoke to discover that my passport had fallen from my pocket and was rested in an impossible to reach location beneath the structure of my seat. I requested some assistance from a flight attendant in the galley hoping that this might be offered after landing. The professional concerned simply picked up a flashlight and a large serving fork. The flight attendant lay flat on the floor and successfully retrieved my passport for me. All done with a smile and a great attitude. While criticisms often aired in forums such as this sometimes come with fair justification. On a good day and certainly with increasing frequency I find the level of service on board United Airlines to be improved and sometimes outstanding. I am a 1K and million mile flyer. I am confident that I will continue to be. There are some lovely people in the friendly skies!"
"LHR-SFO. Connecting to this flight from Brussels on Brussels Airlines maybe 4 or 5 folks on this flight going to the SFO flight. Brussels flight late connecting time tight for LHR (scheduled for 70 minutes more like 25 with the late flight and you have to go through security to get to US). Brussels Airlines has not transferred to Star Alliance Terminal 2 yet where United lives so we had a mad dash across from Terminal 1. Got to gate after going through security-one of the agents said don't worry they were holding the flight a few minutes for us. (That's good service). As usual the flight attendants on UA were generally friendly and polite but are not formal like the European or Asian airlines which is fine with me. Food reasonably good; had a chicken dish for lunch that was quite tasty actually. Overall a nice easy flight after working up a sweat running to the gate."
"I have to say I was extremely hesitant after reading the reviews on this site and due to fly with UA on 22nd August 2014. I had 5 flights covering a 3 week period and flew from Glasgow - Newark- Las Vegas - San Fran - San Diego back to Newark - Glasgow and was totally happy with the service provided to my family and I. We experienced no delays the cabin crew couldn't have been nicer and the pilots seemed to go out their way to improve passenger comfort. The seating within the plane was large enough in economy and the in flight entertainment was excellent during the international flight to and from Glasgow. All in all I have no issues with any of the flights delays happen and when they do you have to deal with them its a part of every day travel and I'm sure every airline experiences them. Will definitely be recommending UA to anyone who asks."
"Just returned from USA flying both ways with United. 3rd flight this year flying with United to SFO connecting to ACV (Eureka). United is the only commercial airline flying into ACV. Food is never that great but that's pretty much the norm with most airlines I guess. Inflight entertainment is perfect with personal screens (777 aircraft if flying 747 then just multi screen). I am a silver mileage plus member so currently gain access to economy plus free of charge which is a bonus along with the extra benefits of being a silver mileage plus member. Outbound flight on time three seats to stretch out across which was great. Returning from SFO to LHR all crew London based. The service from the Base crew was the worst I have experienced from any cabin crew. I've even flown US Airways a couple of times in the past and anyone who has flow US Airways will know how scratchy their service is but even US Airways cabin crew offered better service than what I witnessed from the London base crew with United. Crew looked like they didn't want to be there drinks service only twice for a 10 hour flight food awful. Breakfast just a croissant and a couple of chunks of melon why even bother. Maybe United should send out WYR surveys to passengers and that way they would get a broad idea of a customers experience. However I'm not flying with United for cheap smiles and attractive cabin crew and 1st class service what I am flying with United for is airline miles premier service with mileage plus and an airline that can get me to my final destination the rest is just extra."
"Not great. Flew Newark to Panama bare bones service even have to pay to watch the tiny TV so take an iPad. Minimal service but on time. Transferred to Copa for short flight to Medillin Colombia seemed like first class! When I arrived I was told the was a problem with my return and you had better sort it out. Copa can do nothing with a 'United booking' so called United in USA to find out. Flight had been cancelled although no email received. Eventually got on economy plus and gone via Houston with tight connection but made it ok. They really just get you there and back without any frills. I live in Asia and in a country with usually great customer service US Airlines and United in particular are very basic!"
"SFO/IAH/SJO (San Jose Costa Rica) /IAH/SFO in First on domestic Business on the international flights - 737-900 and 737-800 - pleasantly surprised by the service which was almost perfect (only 1 FA on 1 flight was rude when I was forward enough to ask about whether there would be dessert). New lounge at SFO is still pretty bad considering it's a UA hub and supposed to represent the USA to the Pacific Rim but it was adequate (although be warned the bar closes at 10.30pm sharp not so good for those of us on midnight flights). Food on 1 flight also not so great (overdone tasteless steak) but otherwise good - I think they serve starbucks coffee because it tasted so burnt I could only drink 1/3 cup even though we were going on 30+ hours with no sleep by the time we were landing in Costa Rica. All in all we were happy with the flights unexpectedly so given some prior experiences with the carrier."
"SFO/IAH/SJO (San Jose Costa Rica) /IAH/SFO in First on domestic Business on the international flights - 737-900 and 737-800 - pleasantly surprised by the service which was almost perfect (only 1 FA on 1 flight was rude when I was forward enough to ask about whether there would be dessert). New lounge at SFO is still pretty bad considering it's a UA hub and supposed to represent the USA to the Pacific Rim but it was adequate (although be warned the bar closes at 10.30pm sharp not so good for those of us on midnight flights). Food on 1 flight also not so great (overdone tasteless steak) but otherwise good - I think they serve starbucks coffee because it tasted so burnt I could only drink 1/3 cup even though we were going on 30+ hours with no sleep by the time we were landing in Costa Rica. All in all we were happy with the flights unexpectedly so given some prior experiences with the carrier."
"SFO-MSP-DEN-SFO. I was pleasantly surprised on all legs by the genuine friendliness and interactivity of the crew. I have often been critical of UA regarding their crew attitude but this was entirely the opposite and made the trip far more pleasant. Due to status I was upgraded to F from MSP to DEN. A nice bonus."
"JFK-SFO. Ground staff at JFK could not have been more helpful. We had a connection to NRT with ANA and our reservation had some issues but it was efficiently solved by the staff and our luggage was directly tagged to NRT avoiding luggage fees despite being on two separate reservations. Flight was ahead of schedule both departure and arrival. Service on United has always been warm friendly and efficient. I'm a big fan of their service and never had an issue. While they are not as polished as most Asian carriers are they are interactive with the passengers and their service makes you feel at home. BOB options were extensive and quality was excellent. They also did frequent beverage runs despite only being a 6-hour flight. IFE system is wonderful the movie choices were great and most of which are recent Hollywood movies. The system was responsive easy to use and the moving map was of excellent quality. Overall a very pleasant flight with United."
"Flew from SEA to AMS via ORD on July 12. Both flights arrived ahead of schedule which was welcomed since I had only 45 minutes for transfer in Chicago and 48 minutes in Amsterdam to catch inter EU flight. Service basic but good flight attendants offered beverages very frequently and food served on transatlantic flight was OK. My bags joined me a day later at my final destination but it was not UA fault. As a Silver status holder I still appreciate upgrade to Economy Plus but with new regulations for earning points in 2015 this seems to be harder to get in the future."
"I flew a 747 in first class from San Francisco to Seoul Korea. For a 13 hour flight I was expected to be tired when I reached my destination. However I was wrong. When I entered the aircraft I was immediately asked what beverage I would like as well as providing hot towels. The crew were very nice and gave us hand written Thank You notes for my business. The food was better than I expected it to be. They served so many appetizers before the main course that I was full. I was so surprised when they asked if I would like ice cream and customized it with toppings right in front of me! If you were hungry between meals there is a walk up bar that has fruits snacks wraps desserts etc. The IFE had a huge screen and had all the newest Hollywood blockbusters tv shows music and games. The seats were really comfortable as they had the option to put them 180 degrees so that you can sleep (the armrests automatically go down as the bed reclines) and can sleep comfortably for a tall person. They also had plenty of plugs that accepts USA and other countries plugs. The seats have plenty of storage however found it odd that flight attendants won't allow you to stow things under your seat. I slept right after the Meal service and was woken up just in time for breakfast. I couldn't believe that I could actually get sleep on a plane! It was a great experience flying United and would definitely fly with them again."
"I had to fly for business to Springfield IL. United offered the best deal on this flight. We flew from Orlando to Chicago on an Airbus A320. Exit row very comfortable nice staff. Flight out of Chicago was delayed 3.5 hours but staff handled it well. After the delays we had a hydraulics issue and had to return to the gate. The flight attendant on board the CRJ-200 aircraft was phenomenal and helped us with anything we needed. She was very professional and great at helping us arrange things for arrival in Springfield. This was my first time flying United and even though the delays were outstanding staff were wonderful at handling it."
"First class on this new 737-900 seems to have more leg room than what I recall from the old first class. Add to that the comfy seats and the experience is quite OK. This 3+ hour flight from San Francisco to Houston had a much improved service - the United staff finally seem to be having some fun and are proud again of their airline. It shows. Besides the service the meals have also improved. There are more healthy choices such as a salad with grilled chicken and fresh toppings chicken wrap and the likes. And then there are those sumptuous warm chocolate cookies that they serve at the end. This flight had not IFE so I resorted to using my iPad and paid for the very inexpensive inflight wifi service. I was shocked how great the wifi onboard worked and for only $2/hour. This is a game changer."
"I had to fly for business to Springfield IL. United offered the best deal on this flight. We flew from Orlando to Chicago on an Airbus A320. Exit row very comfortable nice staff. Flight out of Chicago was delayed 3.5 hours but staff handled it well. After the delays we had a hydraulics issue and had to return to the gate. The flight attendant on board the CRJ-200 aircraft was phenomenal and helped us with anything we needed. She was very professional and great at helping us arrange things for arrival in Springfield. This was my first time flying United and even though the delays were outstanding staff were wonderful at handling it."
"July 23rd GRR-ORD-LAX-LAS and on July 29th LAS-DEN-GRR. The staff at United were so friendly and helpful! The flights were easy quick and problem free. Even with an hour delay between connections we made it into our destination on time! We needed to change our seats so we could sit together and the attendants at both gates were quick and friendly about helping us!"
"HNL/LAX: The return flight from Honolulu to LAX was cancelled. Even though UA had our contact information we were never notified that our flight had been cancelled. It wasn't until we went online to do our check-in that we found out about the cancelled flight. The first reservationist we spoke to was not very helpful. She had us booked to return home the next day in economy and not first class as was paid for stating this was all that was available. We weren't satisfied with her \"solution\" so we called UA back and spoke with another reservationist who was more helpful. Not only did she offer us another first class flight but it was also on the same day as originally planned (not the next day). Dealing with the first reservationist was very frustrating."
"MEL-SYD-LAX-IAH-GIG. Paid an economy ticket and was upgraded on all flights to Business using one global credit. Service out of Melbourne was superb - attentive crew and a light load. Out of Sydney the flight was full but again the crew were attentive and service was fairly good. The flight LAX/IAH was particularly good - the crew were amazing. The last flight IAH-GIG was superior - the 772 was much newer than the one used on the SYD-LAX route and crew did not disappear for hours in the middle of the flight. The dinners were good but the breakfasts average. Considering the price paid for the ticket I was pleasantly impressed. All flights left on time and arrived on schedule or ahead of schedule. After 39 hours of travel time I was left feeling not too bad!"
"HNL/LAX: The return flight from Honolulu to LAX was cancelled. Even though UA had our contact information we were never notified that our flight had been cancelled. It wasn't until we went online to do our check-in that we found out about the cancelled flight. The first reservationist we spoke to was not very helpful. She had us booked to return home the next day in economy and not first class as was paid for stating this was all that was available. We weren't satisfied with her \"solution\" so we called UA back and spoke with another reservationist who was more helpful. Not only did she offer us another first class flight but it was also on the same day as originally planned (not the next day). Dealing with the first reservationist was very frustrating."
"MEL-SYD-LAX-IAH-GIG. Paid an economy ticket and was upgraded on all flights to Business using one global credit. Service out of Melbourne was superb - attentive crew and a light load. Out of Sydney the flight was full but again the crew were attentive and service was fairly good. The flight LAX/IAH was particularly good - the crew were amazing. The last flight IAH-GIG was superior - the 772 was much newer than the one used on the SYD-LAX route and crew did not disappear for hours in the middle of the flight. The dinners were good but the breakfasts average. Considering the price paid for the ticket I was pleasantly impressed. All flights left on time and arrived on schedule or ahead of schedule. After 39 hours of travel time I was left feeling not too bad!"
"LAX-ORD-FRA-EWR-LAX last month. All flights arrived on time with no major issues. ORD-FRA on 747 and FRA-EWR on 777. Had upper deck on the 747 and it's the best place on the plane. Less people in a much more secluded environment. On both directions the crew was congenial and the service was top notch. I appreciated being thanked for my business and for flying UA. The United Club in EWR was a bit crowded for my liking but overall a great experience on all 4 legs. I fly almost every week and they tend to get me where I need to go on-time."
"I boarded UAL 771 July 25th SFO to LAX. I had an International flight to catch on another airline. While I have had my share of grumpy UAL flight attendants I immediately noticed a different energy in the FC cabin when I entered (I bought FC - it was not a complimentary upgrade). There were two male flight attendants being warm and welcoming. They were constantly seeing what passengers needed (it was a 24 seat 757). They knew how to handle every request and not just with a sterile perfunctory smile. The mood among all of the passengers was noticeably different. I'm not sure that many of UAL's FA's know how significant they are in creating an energy on the plane among the people by the way they welcome and serve the passengers. Most FA's know how to serve a cup of water. That does not take much skill. However to serve the water and give the sense that it is done graciously is something else."
"LAX-ORD-FRA-EWR-LAX last month. All flights arrived on time with no major issues. ORD-FRA on 747 and FRA-EWR on 777. Had upper deck on the 747 and it's the best place on the plane. Less people in a much more secluded environment. On both directions the crew was congenial and the service was top notch. I appreciated being thanked for my business and for flying UA. The United Club in EWR was a bit crowded for my liking but overall a great experience on all 4 legs. I fly almost every week and they tend to get me where I need to go on-time."
"Had a multi-city going ORD-PEK and NRT-LAX-ORD. First leg was okay with the in-flight entertainment being satisfactory. On the first leg service was acceptable with it seeming the best on my NRT-LAX part of the itinerary. However because I went on standby for an earlier LAX-ORD flight the agent service *inside* the airport was actually quite poor as I was actually yelled at (along with a whole line of delayed passengers) by one of their agents. At this point I plan on only flying United for domestic flights because I'm a Star Alliance Gold member but otherwise there are much better airlines for any future international trips I may take in the future."
"I have flown UA 4 times from DEN-LGA over the last 2 months; As a Gold card holder I have been upgraded on 5/8 segments. Surprisingly all flights have been on time and even one landed 20 min early. In First UA is decent though they could learn from Delta about better food. All crew were friendly and actually smiled and were chatty with passengers. In Coach most crew also seemed decent and I like their snack boxes. Main problem is lack of consistent product with some aircraft with Wi-Fi some with PTVs and some with nothing. DEN and SFO based crews clearly nicer then EWR based ones."
"Went ORD-DCA-ORD to visit family. On a regional jet the flight was still somewhat comfortable. Coming back to Chicago there was some confusion with passengers who needed to get seats together and while I didn't mind moving I would hope they could try and resolve these things before the plane is full and it becomes hard to move around because of people in aisles etc."
"United 941 flight taken 10 July 2014: If UA flights can clone the pilots stewardesses and stewards in this flight and put them in each one in their fleet UA will score 10/10. Leg room of the economy seats was quite a problem. I had cramps so I had to move to the backmost seat which was free. I spent the duration of the entire flight from Heathrow to Newark (connecting flight) catching up with my readings. Seeing that I was busy and not relaxing at all the crew were nice and even gave me a box of chocolates! I must mention that the touchdown was the best I have experienced. My recommendation is based purely on this flight alone."
"Flew YYC-IAH yesterday on B737 and have to say nice flight mainly because of the class of service and the nice crew on board. Plane interior had seen better times and looked a bit outdated. Delay almost made up during flight. The friendly skies are much more friendly in Business than in Economy and unfortunately the gap between the 2 classes are way too big. In the future I hope United will shine some friendly 'skylight' towards the back of the planes to really earn the friendly sky status for all classes."
"LAX-SFO one-way on B757-200. Surprisingly United has installed a good IFE system with updated blockbusters collection. Enjoyed my snacks and sweet apple juice on board. Speaker a bit too loud but all in all a surprisingly pleasant experience for such a short flight as 2 hours."
"London - Newark June 14 2014. I used my miles to purchase a ticket back to New York last month and was a bit nervous because I hadn't flown with United in a while and wasn't sure how the quality would be. Luckily it was better than I expected! The entertainment was pretty old and barely usable unless I wanted to go deaf by turning up the volume to its max. Since I wasn't using it flight crew asked me to swap with a couple who had a broken machine which I did. The crew member then forgot to give me my drink skipping my row completely until I reminded him. I was a bit annoyed but you know staff get busy and flustered. I enjoyed my flight smooth and got home safely so cannot fault it. One thing that made me smile is that an older crew member who witnessed me giving up my seat and then getting my drink forgotten thanked me personally and talked about how the crew really wanted to encourage good experiences for everyone. Anyway I quite liked the flight so well done United."
"I flew United 148 Newark to Geneva economy July 8. After reading other reviews I was prepared to expect less but was pleasantly surprised. The stewards and stewardesses were prompt with service and very friendly. Seat-back inflight entertainment provided me with many options to kill the 7.5 hour flight. The meal was good for an airplane meal and they were generous with drinks making numerous coffee/soda/water runs. The flight wasn't full and I was able to actually sleep on an international flight which made me happy since I had no one sitting next to me. We left Newark on time and arrived in Geneva on time. They got me there safely and cheerfully. What else can I ask for?"
"The wife and I purchased a last minute Vegas package deal in June through Priceline. We got a non-stop round trip flight with United. We have flown with them before and never had any problems. Unfortunately there was a death in the family and we had to change our departure date. I was not sure if we were locked into our package itinerary and would have to buy new tickets to get home so I called United's Customer Service. I advised them of our situation and the need to go home. There staff told me not to worry and assured me they would get us back in time for the funeral. They arranged a non-stop flight for us to get home with no extra fees. There courteous and swift service was greatly appreciated."
"UA 39 from OSL to EWR 23 June and UA 38 from EWR to OSL 29 June 2014. The plane was on route both directions (OSL-NYC return). The cabin staff made our flight very pleasant. Of course there is not much space in economy seat but it turned out to be manageable."
"We flew from Birmingham UK to Newark USA (Washington to Las Vegas San Francisco/Newark and then back to Birmingham middle of May and United were brilliant. Seats reserved as requested on all flights so no stress there. A bit more legroom would be good especially when passengers recline their seats usually not necessary. No delays all staff especially those on board very pleasant and most helpful on all flights. Food served was pretty good water offered throughout the various flights. All baggage looked after nothing lost or delayed. A good airline keep it up. [Unfortunately some passengers tend to disregard the comfort of passengers behind them backs of their seats reclined fully from the start and throughout the journey even though not sleeping but watching a movie or playing games]."
"A very old 737-700 was used on this 5-hour flight from Washington D.C. To Vancouver. The first class seat although spacious is very drab. The whole cabin has a very utilitarian design with nothing that says flying with United is an exciting experience. I have to say though that elements of the experience have improved over the last few years. A cloth hot towel has been re-introduced and even though they ran our of food items in the first class cabin the breakfast selection was good. Besides a scrambled eggs option they had a healthy oat bran choice as well that I really enjoyed. Moreover they also came by during the flight with a fruit basket. Great to see healthy food options being provided. Reminder: don't sit in the last row of the cabin like I did as the seat doesn't fully recline back."
"Flew PEK-ORD (flight 850) and ORD-MSP (flight 597) on Monday June 23. United often gets a bad reputation but overall I was very happy with my flights. Flight 850 left on time and arrived early in Chicago. The plane was clean the in-flight entertainment had a great selection of movies and TV shows and the crew were very friendly and helpful. The only problem I have with United's international flights is the lack of free beer and wine in Economy Class. Flight 597 to MSP boarded on time but then we sat on the tarmac for 50 minutes before we were given clearance to leave. Once we did finally take off the rest of the flight was fine. I'm a very happy United customer and would recommend this airline to anyone. While United's CEO is trying to cut costs and is devaluing the airline the flight crew and gate agents still work hard to give customers a great flying experience."
"We flew LGA-DEN-LAX in United First. Were able to use the United Clubs in both La Guardia and Denver as we were continuing on an international flight from LAX on a Star Alliance Carrier. Pleasant check-in agent checked our bags direct through to Brisbane which saved us having to collect luggage in Los Angeles. First leg on A319 with only 8 in the first cabin was fantastic. One of the best FAs we have ever encountered. Food was very good and drinks flowed freely. Only gripe on this sector was lack of in flight entertainment. The aircraft was equipped with Wi-Fi but you had to pay to use it even in the first class cabin. Not much positive to write about the second leg on B737-900. One food option offered. If you didn't want it too bad. Not even offered a snack from the buy on board menu. Once service was over the FAs sat in the galley and proceeded to talk extremely loudly for the rest of the flight. You could hear them even with headphones on. This aircraft had free TV options. Overall score is largely based on first leg of this trip."
"Flew from Los Angeles to London. All alcoholic drinks are charged. This is a first for me on an international flight that isn't a budget airline. The drinks service took twice as long as normal due to the charging process. Staff were clearly embarrassed by the policy and apologized for it. Will never fly United again."
"IAH-PTY and reverse. Pleasant staff decent food plane rather small for business class no musical options in entertainment system."
"TPE-SFO-TPE. Economy Plus. B-777 aircraft. United has become a very average airline. Economy\"plus\" seats are really not much better than normal economy especially if you can get regular economy seats near exits or bulkheads. Food was mediocre. Flight attendants were considerably older than other airlines and seemed to be worn out as evidenced by their indifferent and even sarcastic attitudes. Compare them to All Nippon for example where the attendants are super friendly and bend over backwards for passengers. The return leg was late out of SFO by about 90 minutes. The one saving grace for this United flight was the price which was significantly lower than other TPE-SFO non stops. So I guess you get what you pay for. Recommended for price but if you can afford it any of the Asian airlines offer better service."
"I recently flew in the first class section of a United Airlines 757 from Orlando to Dulles (about a 2 hour flight). The only things to like is that I arrived promptly on schedule and my seat was larger than a coach seat. Otherwise there is absolutely no reason to fly first class on United domestically. I asked for a blanket and was told after some time that \"the supervisor said we don't stock blankets on flights from Florida\". Then less than 1 minute later a different flight attendant brought a large clear plastic bag full of blankets onto the plane and put them into a closet in first class! I'd just left Disney World and the contrast of the Disney quality of service versus United's was stark. I began to wonder if the safety and evacuation training for United employees is better than their customer service training otherwise you better hope you never need them!"
"YYC-IAH-MUC in Y. As an Aeroplan Elite I got premier access check in and boarding which was greatly appreciated. I also like that United seems to be making an effort to control oversized carry-ons. As a result both flights even the full flight to Munich left with all bags in the cabin. Planes were comfortable and clean (A320 and 764) with adequate room for my 5'8\" self. Crews were generally fantastic a real surprise given United's reputation. I like United's boarding structure as it prevents a mad dash to board and worked very well making boarding easy and comfortable. Only gripe is food on 10 hour IAH-MUC flight- small dinner and then before landing a mini croissant and small fruit cup- This is what I usually get on YYZ-MUC but that is a 7 hour flight. I expected more on this longer route and can imagine that some larger passengers were quite hungry! Connection in IAH was also very easy no security screening required no bus or train either even though I had to change terminals. Very impressed!"
"I was surprised at such a pleasant experience. We flew two US internal flights. The first was on time the second twenty mins late due to a minor technical fault. We were impressed with the monitors in the gate area showing available seating on the aircraft and probable departure time. We had no problem with carry on baggage. On the first flight people who had not checked in bigger bags were given labels and picked up their bags when they got off the plane. Plane was clean staff friendly coffee OK and the seat comfort was OK. No complaints - and I have to say I have suffered a lot worse."
"AMS-ORD 11 Jul. I had a most wonderful flight on United from Amsterdam to Chicago. The flight attendants were warm and made the experience one to remember. The flight departed and arrived on time. The new business class seats are great though I did not try the lie-flat option. I was in the pair next to the galley - fair warning the freezer compartment is next to the aisle seat and does make noise - need to wear your headphones. Food was great - had Thai chicken for main. However to repeat it was the flight attendants that made this flight one of the best I have experienced."
"I'm satisfied with my first couple of flights with United May-June 2014. I flew transatlantic EWR-Zurich and LHR T2-EWR I tried outbound on a premium plus seat for 125$ add on pretty comfortable. I'm only disappointed because I did not receive my special meal as requested the air hostess asked me to confirm with United's customer service centre next time. Otherwise arrived on time clean comfortable although too cold cabin. Good entertainment. I'm giving United also a good satisfaction rate because of 100% mileage earned on my loyalty program of another Star Alliance member."
"TXL-EWR-LAX in Y. Had wanted to take the 757 flight from Berlin to Newark since the route was opened up by Continental. Since the merger between the two airlines is far from complete I knew the crew would all be Continental and knowing how poorly the new United is perceived not just by customers but staff too the old- fashioned Continental Airlines flight bag I hauled out of the back of my closet scored me a glass of champagne as I passed through the forward galley en route to my economy seat. Left on time catering was decent (one area the new United hasn't yet cut to the bone) although movie choices were limited to new releases so I read my book and did some work. Immigration at Newark was relatively painless due to the early scheduled arrival time of 1200 beating the afternoon rush. Short visit to the United Club which is comfortable although the snack options are awful. For the second leg to Los Angeles found myself back at the gate I'd arrived at. Some infrequent fliers consider narrowbody hardware unsuitable for long haul as it is “cramped” or “claustrophic take it from someone who flew on the same 757 all the way from Berlin to LA the size of the seat is the same as the biggest planes (except 10-abreast 777s where it is considerably narrower) and the smaller numbers at boarding baggage claim and immigration mean small is beautiful. The second leg to California was quite decent enjoyed a chicken-and-blue- cheese wrap for sale and the view of the North American continent unfolding beneath our wing. Arrival into LAX was on-time and baggage delivery was prompt. No complaints – this time."
"I read the reviews of this airline and was terrified. However we flew San Antonio to Dulles and Dulles to Boston and we were impressed. OK so the leg room is not fantastic but its better than many. The plane was reasonably clean the staff friendly and the coffee drinkable. Furthermore the flight to Dulles was on time. The Boston one left about 20 mins late due to an error light re the toilet showing in the cockpit but again the plane was clean and the staff friendly and efficient. No complaints."
"UA1284 EWR-SFO 14 May 2014. No IFE or WiFi on a transcon? That's what I found when flying on brand new 737-900. I've flown UA's older -900s and they have DirecTV-okay you have to pay for it but it's still better than nothing. The flight itself was pleasant the new seats reasonably comfortable. One thing I've always liked about UA is that at least one flight attendant comes out every 30 minutes or so and has cups of water or the beverage cart coming around. But no entertainment? I could have flown Southwest they don't claim to have IFE on their flights."
"LHR-IAH-CUN-IAH-LHR. Flew United Airlines they upgraded me to Economy Plus for free due to my disability. I enjoyed my flight. Staff really helpful. Food was alright."
"April 26 FLL-CLE. My friend flew with miles and I flew for $400. Not bad considering that it was booked 3 weeks in advance and during a popular travel time. Check in crew and gate agents at FLL are outstanding. So friendly and willing to help out. The check in crew were smiling and friendly and helped out with checked bag issue. The gate agent was the best I've seen. She was so helpful to the passengers in wheelchairs and kept everyone fully informed. The crew onboard were friendly and very attentive. Always asking customers if everything was ok and picked up trash frequently. Somehow the flight departed 40 minutes late due to there being only one operational runway in FLL. We didn't hear the captain inform us about it or speak once during the flight. The flight was completely full. The flight was on a A320 with the new slimline seats. The legroom was adequate for my height of 5' 10\" however the seat was very hard and didn't recline very far. I purchased the wifi and for $5 was a great deal. No music or overhead screens on this plane. Connection through Cleveland was very easy and the airport was very easy to connect through. Flight from CLE to ORD was 60% full and had another great crew. They were very enthusiastic. The flight was operated by a 737-700 with very comfortable seats. Not one person on board purchased the over priced direct TV. Flight arrived on time bags quickly arrived at carousel. Overall United was decent. A bit overpriced but was on time with friendly service."
"Newark to London Heathrow 4 June. Found them ok in all areas. Plane very clean drinks brought around regularly. Seat comfortable with plenty of legroom."
"ORD-DCA and BWI-ORD. Overall the experience was very good. All flights departed and arrived on time and all employees were friendly. The trip was through a tour so the price or value cannot be determined. Security on Monday at O'Hare was very crowded so be sure to allot enough time. Boarding was organized and most bags were checked at the gate because the overhead bins would have been to crowded. The seats on board were very comfortable and recline was decent. The plane was an A319 that has not been reconfigured with the slimline seating. Crew was very nice and efficient and Inwas given an entire can of apple juice. We arrived at National Airport on time and the bags were very fast to come off of the carousel. The airport is very convenient to access downtown DC. Return was at BWI which is only 20 miles outside DC however traffic was a nightmare and it took almost an hour to get there. Gate agents at the airport were very friendly and efficient. Security is very smooth here and the airport is overall pleasant. Boarding was quick and the flight was operated by a 737-900ER. The seats were comfortable and no one bought the direct TV. Recline wasn't much which made sleeping difficult but I was not in economy plus. The crew on board were nice but not as good as others. The flight arrived on time and bags were quick to come out of the carousel. United seems like they are beginning to overcome merger issues now."
"We travelled to NY 28/5/14 with United Airlines and from the minute we went to check in desk we where treated with courtesy. The staff were both friendly and helpful. Once on the plane we again had the same experience. The food was ok and served hot. The choice of films etc was great and to have the chance to charge your devices was very handy. On our return we were due to fly with a different airline but we missed our flights. The other airline couldn't care less and said we would need to pay $1300 each to get home. We decided to go over to the United desk to see if they could offer any help. They went above and beyond to help us get on another flight with a different company for no charge."
"We flew UA893 SFO to ICN on B747 on 29th May 2014. Flight was delayed 2 times - captain rejected the first plane due to technical issue and the replaced plane returned to gate after found technical glitch while taxiing. Overall almost 5 hours delay. The captain tried his best to kept us updated on the delays. Instruction of allowing passengers to leave the plane during the delay was not clear resulted in passenger wandering around the bridge area. Cabin crew changed after the 2nd delay which turned out to be a plus point to us. Original crew serving the upper deck was grumpy the replacement crew (original crew gone probably due to extended hour) was fantastic provided one of the better quality service to a almost fully filled business class cabin. The plane was old and there was sign of dirt especially around the edges of the window frame. Seat itself was comfortable. It is weird to see UA cramping 2-4-2 seat in business class. Food was delicious. Inflight entertainment was average. For the price paid UA has exceeded our expectation."
"ORD to LHR in a fully refurbished 767-300ER. Efficient and helpful check in. Nice lounge was very busy but had nice atmosphere and nice bar tenders. Boarding efficient. Very good seating notwithstanding 6 abreast and good cabin ambience. Some pairs of seats are backwards facing but not a big issue. Professional and helpful crew who were well organised attentive and efficient - a real surprise. Very good choice of wines and OK food but nice desert and very good cheese plate. Seat in sleeping position was good and nice large pillow. Big screen noise reduction earphones and OK programming with mostly American content. Many language options. Luggage return quick. Overall very impressed and would consider better than transatlantic AC and LH flights taken in previous 3 weeks."
"Louisville - Houston - Denver - Reno. All flights on time. Plenty of drink runs on all flights. Snack boxes for purchase but I did not try any. All the staff were friendly except for a grumpy check-in clerk at Louisville. My check-in bag was 54.5 lbs so was asked to remove an item. I pulled out one slipper and that dropped the weight down to 54 lbs and that was acceptable according to the clerk. I asked her if she was serious and she said yes. So I put one slipper in my carry on and went on my way. Flew on an EMB175 from Louisville to Houston which was way to small of a plane for that distance but I pretty much slept the whole flight. Then was on a 787 Dreamliner from Houston to Denver. Thought that was kind of a big plane for that flight but what a brilliant aircraft. New quiet and very comfortable. The plane was heading to Tokyo from Denver hence the need for the large craft. Then an A320 on to Reno. Everything went like clockwork so no complaints and my luggage arrived safely minus the slipper I had to take out in Louisville."
"IAH to YYC on Boeing 737-800. Smooth check-in. Organized boarding. Clean aircraft decent seat and legroom. Pro-active crew and multiple offerings of beverages. Bags on baggage belt by the time I arrived there."
"IAH to YYC on Boeing 737-800. Smooth check-in. Organized boarding. Clean aircraft decent seat and legroom. Pro-active crew and multiple offerings of beverages. Bags on baggage belt by the time I arrived there."
"EWR-PVG on a 777-200. Economy Plus exit window seat. Was able to get this seat without paying for it due to a bug in the online seat map (otherwise it would be an extra $192). Overall it was a satisfying flight given I only paid a little above 600 dollars for this non-stop flight which would usually be over 900. The food was standard but not very adequate. There were friendly flight attendants but some were very rude and indifferent. Entertainment was ok but the system was sluggish. The headset did not work but I was able to use my own earphones. Lavatories were not very well maintained and I didn't see any flight attendant clean it during the entire flight. However all these negative aspects were overpowered by the price and the free exit window seat. Would definitely fly them again."
"Rome to Newark (EWR) in Business First departing at 9:50 a.m. We were lucky that we could use the miles we had accrued with the United Mileage Plus card for this trip and were very happy with the flight. United uses Alitalia lounge for BusinessFirst customers which is located in the basement of the terminal. It's very dated with white leather chairs and orange plexiglass dividers between seating sections. There is a bar just beyond the entrance which looked very poorly stocked with almost empty bottles of various liquor and the surly server behind the counter begrudging made espressos on order. Food consisted of some bread butter jam small croissants and cold cereal. Overall a real disappointing experience. The flight was announced in the lounge and we proceeded to board. We were in seats 3K and 3L. Others have commented that the person in the window seat has to climb over the person in the aisle seat which is true. Once seated we were offered a choice of OJ Champagne Mimosa or water and handed our menus. Our flight attendants introduced themselves as did the flight customer service manager (not really sure what that means). After takeoff we were offered a beverage and warm nuts. Food service began and was very well done - in courses. Four options for entrees were given and wine was offered throughout the meal service. After lunch a cheese cart was offered followed by made-to-order sundaes. All in all very good. The new seats are fairly comfortable although at 6'1\" I found myself having to bend my legs a bit when lying down. Working the leg/foot and head rests took some getting used to. My biggest criticism would be that the \"storage\" shelf is over your shoulder and behind you. This includes the jack for the headset which I kept pulling out when I turned in the seat. It was hard to get to and pretty unusable. The entertainment selection was excellent with great late run movies television shows and music. An hour before landing we were offered a snack consisting of a chicken empanda fruit salad cucumber salad and chocolate. We landed 1/2 hour early and were the first off the plane. All in all a great flight."
"Flew YEG to Amsterdam through Houston return in business first. Flight crew on all flights were great very professional and hard working. The one complaint was the food Tasteless overcook and very little variety. Also cabin could be kept a little tidier. Other than that good flights."
"IAH-SFO on A319 and SFO-IAH on B787. Comparing the 2 legs with 2 different aircraft is hard. I would look forward to more planes look like the Dreamliner in regards to age and cleanness. I have no complaints but just general concerns. Economy Plus is just the more legroom nothing more nothing less. It's the small things that can add up a pillow here and tiny bag of peanuts there and lets say a complementary cocktail on longer flights in Eco Plus to stand up to the \"Premium Eco Class\" and to be \"Eco Plus friendly. I miss the work hard-fly right slogan."
"Boeing 777 SYD-LAX LAX-SFO SFO-SYD. Service was professional Food surprisingly good. IFE very good. Boeing 777 legroom is good. I'm not crazy on these new economy seats on United when the seat recline the seat base moves forward. This is not good for the back and make sleeping less comfortable. Altogether very good experience plus receiving 100% miles even though the ticket was discounted."
"Travelled from Manchester UK to Newark then onwards to Las Vegas. Was very apprehensive after reading some dreadful reviews of UA. Became more apprehensive when attempting online check in 24hrs before the flight - our two seats were not together which for a long flight was a concern. After trying to finalise online check in I received an error message informing me online checkin hadn't worked. Arrived at Manchester and told that unlikely we'd get seats together in fact the flight full so although we had seats they were yet to be allocated & we'd need to wait for further instructions at the boarding gate. Luckily somehow we went from having seats apart to having no seats to somehow having an upgrade to Economy Plus! No idea how on a full flight we managed this but was great. Fantastic legroom (would pay extra on long haul now I know how much better the legroom. Food very good eggplant lasagne was lovely. Inflight entertainment was very good. Flights ahead of time. Internal flight between Newark & Las Vegas fairly standard neither good nor bad. Found direct comparison between Economy Plus & Economy legroom! No free food offered on the 5hr internal flight although available to purchase. Overall was very pleased with the flights however unsure I'd want a repeat of the apprehension again wondering if we had seats never mind sitting together! I'm scoring high for what we received but unsure I'd travel with them again as could so easily have turned out badly & also couldn't recommend to friends in case they have the nerves I had in advance and at the airport caused by UA procedure FOR online checkin/not allocating seats/together."
"Reno-Denver-Chicago-Louisville. All flights on time. Late check-in at Reno (my fault) and the ground staff helped to rush me through and make the flight all with a positive attitude and was greeted upon boarding the plane. Each flight was about 85% full so not packed in. Leg room was just fine on the A320 B757 and EMB175. All attendants pleasant with just enough drink runs on each flight. All beverages were free including spirits. This was in economy! Arrived on time in Louisville more than happy with my day flying across country on three different flights. Plus my luggage made it. Maybe I am just lucky but United always seems to work out great for me. Used my air miles so this round trip only cost me $10."
"IAD-SFO and SFO-IAD Flew United non-stop in economy. Absolutely no complaints. The planes were clean on time and the flight attendants were very good - always working. We brought our own food on board so cannot comment on the food sold. On the SFO-IAD flight there was quite a bit of turbulence but the pilot handled it very well. All of the United employees we encountered in the air and on the ground were friendly helpful and seemed to be happy in their jobs."
"We flew to Puerto Vallarta and back with a connection in Houston. Believe it or not flying United we actually had a fairly decent experience. Yes the seats in coach are tight and uncomfortable. But at least 2 of the 4 flights left on time. Both flights to PV were on time and landed a bit ahead of schedule. We weren't so lucky on our return flights. The flight out of PV was delayed about a half hour because our plane arrived late. The flight out of Houston was delayed about 90 minutes but wasn't United's fault. There were many storms in Texas that night especially in Austin where our plane was coming from. So again the delay was not the fault of United. When we finally did leave we hit a lot of turbulence but that was expected due to the weather. All in all United did OK. Other then a few of their complimentary drinks that's all we had on the plane. We refuse to pay for airline food. Not once on any flight did either my wife or myself use the bathroom. So to some it up even though I hate to fly this experience wasn't that bad."
"Traveled CLE-SFO-NRT-MNL March 15th returned May 7th. Business class. Booked this reluctantly experience a year earlier was not so great on the SFO-NRT leg. In cabin service and food was terrible. This year was a world different. All flights on time or early food was good inflight service was very good the inflight entertainment worked great check in was very friendly and attentive. The final leg is serviced by ANA. Last year the difference between UA and ANA was dramatic. This year practically seamless. The only change this year was that we were on the upper deck this time. We were amazed at the transformation in a year's time. Younger attentive flight attendants friendly service and all worked as planned. Great transformation!"
"FRA-SFO on 747-400 this might have been a 9 or 10 star review except for the very late (over 30 minutes) delivery of bags at SFO with priority bags not apparently given any priority - service onboard was impeccable - staff were attentive and professional and did everything they could to make the long flight as comfortable as possible - UA really does need to start handing out pyjamas in F and could also make the bed softer as well as making the blankets thicker and wider if they really want passengers to get some good sleep. Food was OK nothing special - the mushroom soup in a very small cup was the best course while the beef was tough."
"Business class AMS-ORD-YVR. Check in went very smooth departure with 15 minutes delay due to air traffic control. I was seated in a window seat which was ok but if you want to get out of it you have to bother your neighbor. Flight attendants were quite old no youngsters like on flights with KLM. Food selection and service were good. Also the inflight entertainment was sufficient. With a small delay we landed at ORD. The flight to YVR was not special in business. Snack was below average and seat is medium. Overall satisfying and would do it again for the price."
"Business class AMS-ORD-YVR. Check in went very smooth departure with 15 minutes delay due to air traffic control. I was seated in a window seat which was ok but if you want to get out of it you have to bother your neighbor. Flight attendants were quite old no youngsters like on flights with KLM. Food selection and service were good. Also the inflight entertainment was sufficient. With a small delay we landed at ORD. The flight to YVR was not special in business. Snack was below average and seat is medium. Overall satisfying and would do it again for the price."
"Flew TLV-EWR-SFO and back flights were on time boarding was smooth crew were pleasant and friendly. Food standard airplane but served hot. Experience from flying with other airlines we came equipped with movies books on our tablets."
"Just returned from USA. SYD-SFO-LV-NY-SFO-SYD. Overall very good experience - travelling with 3 others inc 2 Children. Upgraded both international legs to economy Plus - makes a world of difference. Staff on Board were very welcoming (not OTT but very professional). Only gripe was that after a late Arrival NY-SFO it was announced that for those connecting to Sydney Australia that plane was being held (there were about 10 of us) and that we needed to proceed to International Gate 102. We all arrived there as quick as possible only to be told the plane was not going to wait and never was. The delay ex NY was not a UA issue - ground staff at Newark. Anyway - proceeded back to Customer Service desk where a fantastic attendant was very helpful provided us with a comp at the Crown Plaza near Airport and gave us some comfort packs. With 777 aircraft replacing 747 ex Sydney United will get my business again (at the right price)."
"My flight out of Austin to San Francisco was delayed over an hour which caused me to miss my next flight. That flight was the last one out of SF for the night. The 3 people at the counter in Austin told me bluntly that there would be no compensation for the fact that I was going to stay the night sleeping in the terminal in SF. When I arrived in SF I went to the counter in Terminal 1 looking to get my boarding pass for the next day. I was handed hotel and food vouchers. I use United because they're the only carrier out of my smallish town (Chico CA) and before getting that voucher I had promised myself never to use United and to drive the almost 2 hours to Sacramento to use another carrier."
"My first trip to Asia IAD-SFO-ICN (Seoul Incheon) and back. A319 from IAD to SFO was small first class seats were old and not great. FA's were good food was OK Flew global first on a 747 to Seoul. Toilets stopped working half way through the flight and we landed in Osaka for repairs. Delayed my trip by two hours but the crew handled it well. Return flights was upstairs in business first seat was narrow but not bad IFE was good food was also good. SFO to IAD on a 757-200 that had to be 25 years old with CRT IFE from 1990. FA's were excellent but the plane needs to be retired. Overall a good trip and I truly think once United modernizes its fleet it needs to decide if it wants to compete with the foreign carriers. If so maybe a few less seats in business class get away from 2-4-2 configuration and perhaps better first class seating in the domestic fleet."
"LAX-NRT-LAX (en-route to BKK) BizFirst on UA's new 787. Service both directions was really top notch. The crew were professional and attentive and on both legs the International Service Co-ordinator came to personally thank each passenger for their business and for choosing United (I thought that added a very nice touch). Meals were actually quite good and the wine parings worked well. Opted for the Japanese meal on the return and found it pleasantly delicious (including the array of sushi appetizers). The best thing about the trip was the aircraft. Arrived refreshed and didn't feel like I'd spent 12 hours in an airplane upon landing. Would recommend flying the a/c wherever possible. Overall high marks for this flight."
"United Express: I flew from ORD to ASE in March and although they have us over a barrel as they are the only airline with non- stops the flight wasn't bad. We had to cram into a little regional jet definitely much smaller than United's traditional mainline aircraft but it was a relatively new plane. The seats did seem smaller but the service was jut about the same as its big brother. The fare was on the high side though."
"SFO-LAX and LAX-LHR - in the recent past this airline has made my no-fly list for being unreliable to the point of fitting the description of \"not fit for purpose\" so I was reluctant to use them on this routing but had no choice as it was part of a Star Alliance mileage redemption. In fact both flights were easy to check in with no surprises boarded in an orderly way pushed early the crew were friendly the meal on the 777 from LA to London was tasty the entertainment options on the 777 were diverse and well chosen (and no tedious pre-roll ads before the movies) and my bags were on the carousel promptly. Couldn't ask for more so they're off my no-fly list and fingers crossed for a few more flights like this. All we need now is to get rid of the ghastly 90s photoshop globe with the wonky perspective and bring back the Saul Bass tulip."
"SAN-IAH-AMS LHR-LAX-SAN in economy plus. Planes were clean service was professional and pleasant food decent IFE was very good and my baggage arrived with me. One flight segment IAH-AMS was 40 minutes late departing but arrived on time thanks to strong tailwinds. No complaints."
"Flew SFO to PEK on 29th March in First and we had an exceptional crew. I'm not normally one to post positive reviews about United but they deserve this one. We found all flight attendants to be friendly eager to assist and they tried their best to meet all requests. The food was tasty and served at the appropriate temperature. It's still not exactly an elegant service but it's good."
"I flew from Heathrow to Charleston (SC) via Washington Dulles for vacation in late March. I flew UA123 which was a B757-200. This was an old plane but it had great AVOD and leg space and the staff were friendly. The flight was also early and very empty which is always a plus. The connections were typical subsidiary small airline service; nothing special nothing bad and on time. On my return from Washington our B777-2000 was delayed due to a fuel problem however the entertainment system was left on so we could finish our film. After a 45min delay the plane left and made up the time coming back across the Atlantic. This plane was half-empty and had been recently refurbished with a great AVOD system and spacious seating. Cabin crew were very helpful. I would definitely recommend United on the Heathrow - Washington route."
"LAX-SFO-SEA-LAX in United First. Outbound legs to Seattle were great. Service was warm and personalized even if only snack basket and drinks were offered on these short runs. Where United really shined was on the return flight. Original SEA-LAX flight was canceled due to mechanical on inbound aircraft. I received a text message with this update and before I could even get to the agent UA had me rebooked on another carrier getting in just 30 minutes after my original UA routing. When I got up to the agent she had my ticket ready and waiting for me. I fly United almost every week and seldom have cancellations or major delays. Regardless the way they handled this one was flawless and I couldn't have asked for better service all-around."
"UA29 14/03/14. Friday evening departure from Newark and the airport was busy however the check in and bag drop facility was well organised so wasn't queuing long. Onboard the flight the 777 was full so it did feel quite claustrophobic the seats were not very comfortable but the legroom was ample. The flight only took 6 hours 15 minutes but the cabin crew were friendly and worked really hard and managed the meal service and two drinks runs before turning the lights off. Breakfast was served an hour and half before landing and consisted of a warm croissant and a small fruit salad. The flight landed ahead of schedule in to Heathrow and I was again fairly impressed with United."
"UA28 9/3/14. Noticed online that aircraft had been changed from 777 to a 767-400 which wasn't an issue as the 400s have AVOD entertainment similar to 777 and are far superior in comfort than the older 767-300. The service on this flight was good after the food service there was plenty of drinks runs and the cabin crew were happy to oblige when you went to galley for more. I only purchased one alcoholic drink on this flight as united charge $7 for a beer which in my view is a bit steep for a long haul flight but typical of an American carrier. Having flown with united before I knew what to expect and I wasn't disappointed and most importantly I got from a to b at a reasonable price."
"Birmingham (BHX) to West Palm Beach (PBI) via Newark (EWR) Business Class. Outbound 25 Feb Inbound 10/11 Mar. Reading some of the reviews about United it would seem to be an airline to avoid however as it flies from my local airport I am more than happy to fly with them. The flights listed above all departed on time or within 10 minutes of schedule all arrived early allowing for hassle free connections. The service by both check in staff and onboard staff was perfect a lot of passenger complaints for this airline relate to staff attitudes well the attitude question works both ways some passengers are downright rude to check in and cabin crew. I have one or two gripes about the flights I am amazed at what is allowed on board as hand luggage are these people so important that saving a few minutes by missing baggage reclaim is of paramount importance to them. The entertainment system was not fully functional on the international legs. All in all the whole experience was a pleasant one I would recommend this airline for people in the West Midlands flying to the US albeit travelling in Business makes a difference but the premium economy and economy cabin looked to be ok as well."
"Flew SLC to ORD then ORD to DCA both flights were great. The crew on both were very friendly and professional. We arrived early on both flights. I was in economy plus so plenty of leg room. Direct tv was available on ORD to DCA leg. I have flown a few of the discount airlines lately and was reminded how nice it is to fly United. Great trip!"
"Flew VIE-FRA-IAD on 5 Jan 14 all economy. First leg was on LH1237 on a A321 second leg UA933 on a B777. Was prepared for a steerage experience on UA but felt the economy seat was surprisingly comfortable and the dinner ok as well. However there was a charge for wine/beer on this international flight of 9 hrs. I contrast this with the LH flight from VIE: complimentary sandwich and complementary wine/beer on a 90 min. flight! Try getting that on a US domestic flight!"
"Flew Dublin - Newark - Washington Dulles on 6th March on a B757 and then a D8. The cross Atlantic flight was fine on time reasonable seat good choice of movies etc. but the food was very poor - potatoes hard as was the bread no choice - it was meat or meat. On the hop from Newark to Dulles I was surprised how noisy it was though I was close to the engines. United seem to call people forward now by group number as printed on there boarding pass as opposed to seat number blocks. Not sure it helps and fail to see the logic of filling from the front back - getting the people at the back in first means less blocked aisles."
"NRT-BKK. Uneventful trip on a route about to be abandoned by United. Surprising considering the 747 was packed to the brim. Boarding was chaotic and those of us in business class had no idea where to line up to board. Nice hard product but uninspiring service and meal. Overworked flight attendant working business class in the dome got the job done though. Pilot had Channel 9 (air traffic control) activated which is one of the nice features that only United can claim. The RCC lounge at NRT has much to be desired - hands down had the worst cappuccino in my life there."
"LHR-IAH-GUA. Prebooked upgrade 3 wks before travel. Check in easy with assistance from staff. Flight left on time and arrived on time in Houston. Flight attendants were friendly and the food was pretty average. You pay for your own alcohol which I don't have a problem with but theirs is expensive. Entertainment selection ok. Prem econ seats offer nothing more than extra legroom about 4\" but was worth it on long haul. Nothing to complain about there and using Houston for transit we were impressed with the speedy immigration channels which took much of the hassle out of using the States. IAH-GUA also on time and again a typical short flight with nothing special but nothing to complain about."
"Flew UAL 218 first class from HNL-ORD then connected to UAL express ORD-YWG. Service better than expected. 777-200 had recliner seats with no flatbeds for an 8 hour flight. No inflight entertainment as WiFI was not working and the old school entertainment system had already been removed. In-Charge offered all passengers compensation through UA Website. Offer on the web site was $125 off the next UA Flight for US residents or 10% off next UA flight to be used within 1 year for international travellers. Dinner and breakfast were served. Quality of both meals were OK and reminded me of Y class meals from days gone by. Ice cream sundae cart made the rounds after dinner. First Class Attendants ensured beverages were topped up and one FA even made sure water glasses were topped up while passengers slept. Difficult to find a comfortable position to sleep in recliner chairs. However the ticket price was reasonable for the passenger space offered on the aircraft. For an 8 hour overnight flight First class should offer flatbeds IMHO. UAL Express connector flight ORD-YWG ran 1 hour late due to off loading of baggage when connecting passengers failed to show. Almost an expected delay on any airline these days."
"LHR-IAH-GUA. Prebooked upgrade 3 wks before travel. Check in easy with assistance from staff. Flight left on time and arrived on time in Houston. Flight attendants were friendly and the food was pretty average. You pay for your own alcohol which I don't have a problem with but theirs is expensive. Entertainment selection ok. Prem econ seats offer nothing more than extra legroom about 4\" but was worth it on long haul. Nothing to complain about there and using Houston for transit we were impressed with the speedy immigration channels which took much of the hassle out of using the States. IAH-GUA also on time and again a typical short flight with nothing special but nothing to complain about."
"LAS-LAX-RNO. One way trip at the last moment due to family matters. Had enough miles in the bank to make this work. The schedule was perfect albeit a change of planes in LAX but only a short layover. Took off from Vegas a few minutes late. A short flight from LAS to LAX and the flight attendants passed by twice with beverage service. The plane was comfortable the flight good and we were in LAX before I knew it. Connecting flight from LAX to RNO was fine. Another short jaunt and again the attendants made two beverage stops. I brought my own food on to the plane so I was good. I know problems can arise that are out of our control but maybe I am one of the lucky one's. United has always done right by me. I know if I board a plane with a smile and say hello I will get that right back. I don't always expect the flight crew to be lavishing over me in economy by any means. A smile on either end goes a long ways. I have done many short and long hauls with United over the years and only once did I have an issue. United has treated me well and has my business."
"EWR-ZRH onboard 767-400. Rolled away from gate right on time landed in Zurich one hour early. 2-1-2 business class configuration great if traveling alone. Had center single seat which was comfortable and private. Classic movies on IFE was wonderful. Food was decent. Service was efficient but indifferent. Definitely no smiles."
"LHR-ORD on 25 Feb. Flight departed on time and arrived 40 min early. 2 of 3 FA's good with prompt service. Third was trying but seemed befuddled at multi-tasking thus often a step or two behind. Nice touch that rather than leave the mid flight option at the galley they did a more formalized service. Food on primary meal was so-so for example my tilapia and shrimp had no tilapia. The per-arrival burrito was actually quite good. Seats were comfortable though a bit narrow and limited space to neighbor."
"2 flights Feb 14 and Feb 17 LAX-SFO both last about 1 hour. Check in was a breeze though the process within LAX domestic wing can be a bit testy. Full flight on both ways with only drinks service given on economy. No entertainment system just some random loop of Olympic commercial. Flight attendants are organized and accommodating. Storage was a bit tricky and always a pain since all pax are not checking luggage so it gets full leg room is quite cramped even though I'm only 5'8''. Landing was good and was out the airport within 10 minutes. first leg was delayed 1 hour due to late turn around of the plane pilots were very informative throughout. Flights used ancient 737 and 757 on this leg so it can get stuffy. It wasn't bad but wasn't spectacular either just something that will get you from point a to b without much fuss."
"Flew FRA-EWR and IAD-FRA last week and I have to confess: flying United is like blind tasting every-flavor beans. Their website and mobile app are an atrocity then again the flights were absolutely fine. The 15+ years old B777s with refurbished 3-3-3 cabins are way more spacious than many of the newer planes though 31\" seat pitch in coach feels borderline cramped. IFE screens are tiny but the AVOD selection is downright impressive. Unlike previous trips the staff were courteous attentive and efficient. Even the meals were rather delicious as far as airline food goes. There was plenty of drinks throughout the flight frequent updates from the crew and we even cut down a 40min delay to an on-time arrival to FRA - altogether an enjoyable travel experience."
"I was very pleased with the service I received on United during the recent bout of nasty weather. I left Charlotte going to Chicago and then onto Duluth MN. My Charlotte-Chicago flight was cancelled due to the weather and the agent here in Charlotte handled things quite professionally. The same held true in O'Hare when flying back to Charlotte. It was snowing pretty hard in Chicago and a number of flights were already cancelled. I asked to be rebooked on an earlier flight that was scheduled to go out. Again the agent handled things quite well. I wish all carriers had airport staff as professional as those at United."
"GLA-EWR-MCO return. Transatlantic flights were pretty decent considering they were on a 757-200. The staff were friendly enough and the food both ways was fine either chicken beef or veggie option soft drinks free pay for alcohol. Flights in the US were OK with more legroom than the transatlantic flights and both were pretty much on time. Overall a decent enough product if you don't set your expectations too high and with United flying direct to the US from Glasgow I would use them again for the convenience of not flying via London or Amsterdam."
"We just finished a trip to Belize from Edmonton Canada. This was our first time using a US airline. We flew with United and we were pleasantly surprised. Our only real issue was that the TV's were not available."
"YOW-ORD-HNL-LIH and return HNL-ORD-YOW. We were lucky to have a great inflight crew both ways. Perhaps the inflight crew was in a great mood going to Hawaii and as well maybe a very relaxed crew returning home. Goes to show you what a difference in a great attitude makes. The passengers were also very co-operative. We did leave Chicago 3 hours late. We had to finally switch planes. Good thing that the replacement plane had the same seat configuration which avoided a lot of chaos. Wish all my flights were as positive as this one."
"Just returned from a 3 week trip LHR-ORD-SEA returned ACV-SFO-LHR much better flight with united then previous flights in 2013. Inflight entertainment much improved food pretty much the same flew economy plus cabin free alcohol outbound but alcohol charged on the inbound flights. Far greater than Virgin Atlantic will fly United again when I travel in two months."
"Flew LAX-SFO-ORD-LAX last week in First. Had a really enjoyable service and even with a 45 minute weather delay due to incoming aircraft off the east coast still arrived in O'Hare relatively punctual. Outbound aircraft was the 737-900 with Boeing Sky Interior - which is very calming for a 4.5 hour flight. The only drawback was it was so new that the IFE hadn't been installed yet (not a deal-breaker as I normally read/work). Return aircraft 757-200 International config with on-demand. The best part of the trip were the crew. Both directions they were attentive and intuitive. They learned my drink order upon getting settled in and never had to ask again (with repeated re-fills). Menus have been upgraded and for a domestic First it was a great experience and worth the ticket."
"Flew from HKG-ORD and ORD to IAD. I had very low expectations on United. Surprisingly HKG-ORD ultra long haul flight has excellent service. Probably this is because the flight is staffed by Hong Kong-based crews. The 777-200ER aircraft has decent AVOD. Food is average but the crews offer multiple drink runs throughout the flight. ORD to IAD domestic flight is normal US standard. Only drink is served. PTV is useless unless you pay to watch Direct TV. Service by cabin crew very average. The experience is 4 star for the international flight and I would not hesitate to fly United if Hong Kong crews serve the flight."
"ORD-FLL on 18 January. Paid for upgrade to 1st class as a birthday treat! Very helpful staff at ORD to assist with check-in. As a Star Alliance Gold with A3 following security checks I was able to use the Club Lounge facilities. Being morning items for a continental type breakfast were available. The lounge was however very busy. The flight boarded on time and departed 30 minutes late due to airport operational issues at FLL. (out of the control of UA) Orders for breakfast were taken prior to departure (2 choices) and delivered in a friendly way while en-route. The aircraft B737-800 appeared new the cabin was clean and comfortable. In spite of the late departure the flight arrived in FLL around 5 minutes late."
"IAD to DEN. Economy class on a 757. On time for departure and arrival quite good service from attendants. Aircraft sported outdated overhead CRT for in flight entertainment and my audio jack didn't work correctly. Also no wifi or power outlets. Seats comfy but a little small. Had to pay 9 dollars for a large snack which is too much frankly. Fine for the low fare I got but not much else."
"I personally have had few problems with them over the last several months. Recently did DEN-SFO-HNL and back. All flights on time and with early arrivals DEN-SFO segments with newer aircraft with PTVs. The SFO-HNL segments were on the oldest 777 I have ever seen - no food no entertainment nothing for 5 hours is not really acceptable. Crews smiled on all segments and actually seemed happy to be at work which is a change. Ground staff at SFO were also helpful."
