"x"
"Verified Review | Flew Seattle to Sacramento. First they bumped us from premium when they downgraded our plane, then they moved my large child onto my lap and I was forced to buy a new ticket at last minute prices (4x what I originally paid). Then they boarded and we sat on the runway forever before they returned to the gate to let someone on. How important did that person think they were. If they were sick or something I'd be happy to accommodate them but they seemed decidedly not in special circumstances, then we sat again for 20 minutes. By the time we took off we were supposed to have landed. My poor daughter was worked by the stress of the situation and I ran out of snacks and tricks. Seriously unhappy with the service."
"Verified Review | New York to Lihue via Seattle. I booked a trip to Hawaii on Alaska almost 1 year before the flight date. This week, Alaska decided to change all of their flights, turning what would have been an 11 hour trip to New york into a 20+ hour trip with an overnight layover. I am flying with a 9 year old. When I called two days ago the agent had offered to fix my trip by routing us from Ogg->LAX->JFK. I called back today (2 days later) to take them up on that offer, and the agent said she would be unable to do that, and that I'd have to buy a whole new ticket. This is ridiculous on multiple levels. First, I paid $3000 for the voucher I used, which was donated by an Alaska executive at a Parkinson's charity auction. I am happy to track down and document all the details of that. Second, It is the airline schedule change that is causing this issue. Third, Alaska Airlines offered me this remedy two days ago, which was not ideal, and are now retracting that offer. Frankly, I'm speechless. This is the worst customer service experience I've had in a long time. Probably ever. And this is just the return flight. For the outgoing flight, they've change the schedule so that my connection now departs before I arrive. There is another flight from JFK (rather than Newark) that would solve this issue, but they are unwilling to make that change, due to some technicality in their system -- even though these airports are 20miles apart. See the picture below. It's a total joke."
"Verified Review | Tried Alaska Airlines once, never again. Flying from Phoenix to Edmonton with a connection in Seattle. Phoenix to Seattle left on time, but was 25 minutes late. We got to our gate in Seattle 10 minutes before our flight was supposed to leave to have them say sorry, go rebook with customer service. It was their mistake and they still wouldn't let us on the plane that was at the gate. Will never fly or recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Flight from Seattle to Bozeman was delayed by 2 hours and after a long trip the last thing you need is a long delay. The FA's did a good job considering that everybody was annoyed at the delay. The problem was lack of credible information on the ground. The delay kept being extended and extended. I think Alaska Airlines could have done a better job keeping us informed."
"Verified Review | Returning home to Phoenix from Alaska to Phoenix via Seattle. Had boarding passes issues in Anchorage. I had 15 minutes to get to my gate before boarding started which was unbelievably far away. Arrived at Gate C and sent me to gate N for which you have an underground shuttle. Once I arrived at my ticketed gate I found they move to back to gate C on the other side of the airport. Had to run like a fool and barely made it at the cost of running around people. All the \"smiles\" from flight crew don't over ride the lack of communication and help by gate personnel when simply said \"your gate was moved - better hurry only 10 minutes till doors close\". Note to gate desk personnel - when you see a boarding pass was issued then changed with the gate you are in charge of, maybe you can be a little more helpful. And note to exit staff, maybe update passengers of connecting gate changes as they leave the plane. Seems like the 1st rule in transportation. Help your customers find their destination when you make a change or issue a incorrect boarding pass. Maybe even offer to call the correct gate people to tell them you are on your way."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Ontario. Flight was canceled and then they booked me on an oversold flight. It is extremely frustrating when you get the the ticket counter and the attendant tells you that the flight is overbooked! Who's fault is that? They make it sound like it is our fault."
"Verified Review | We flew from Saint Louis to Anchorage with Alaska Airlines. One of our bags did not make it on the plane in Seattle. When we arrived to Anchorage, we realized it did not arrive. The luggage service told us they did not put the suitcase on in Seattle because the \"plane was too heavy\". They offered a $25 discount on future travel! They could not tell us when our luggage would arrive, despite at least 10 flights a day from Seattle to Anchorage. Furthermore, they could not tell us when we would receive a bag. Finally, they could not tell us what kind of allowance we could have to purchase gear needed for fishing which was in our bag. To make matters worse, the airline never communicated with us via phone to provide updates. The following morning, almost 24 hours later, the bag had not arrived. We were then informed initially that it would be on a train, then on a bus to Seward, 2.5 hours from Anchorage. The bag was then delivered to a random Bed and Breakfast in Seward. After multiple phone calls and hours spent, the bag was located and delivered to our lodge approximately 30 hours after arrival. Customer service could only offer $300 off future travel, even though we told them we wanted something else."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Honolulu. This was the most disappointing flight of my life. I had paid for Premium Seats at $60US extra. Then 3 days before our flight they email us, not call, to tell me that they are changing the aircraft and there are no premium seats. Well what happened to my $120? Oh it will takes up to 14 days to get that back sir. So not only did we loose our great seats in our this money till it's returned on there accord. During the flight we asked to by chips 3-4 times, every time they said ' Oh we are just checking for those\". Finally we land and still no chips during a 6 hour flight. Also, no Wifi connectivity through out the entire flight! Way to go Alaska airlines. I know I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Another late flight out of SFO, which was 100 percent Alaska's fault. I've been MVP Gold 75k for 6-7 years in a row and their service and on time performance continues to decrease. This trip we fully boarded on time and at departure time the pilot announced that the plane wasn't fueled yet and was waiting on a fuel truck. 40 minutes later one showed up. This plane was sitting at the gate 30 minutes before boarding even started so there was no excuse. Ever since Alaska merged with Virgin, and moved to the Virgin gates, performance has plummeted. I plan to spend more and more on Delta. You no longer earn my business Alaska."
"Verified Review | My husband and I have flown Alaska several times to LA before and have never had a problem with them. However, this time I was traveling back to Washington alone with my 2 year old. We called earlier and asked if someone would be able to help me carry his 40 lb car seat to the gate. They said if we arrived 2 hours earlier we could request a gate pass. So on the day of the departure we arrived early and found out that they wouldn't give us one. No explanation. So I had to carry the car seat, my luggage, and have my 2 year old running behind me to make it through the tsa screening and walk all around to find our gate. It was a terrible experience and I don't understand why they said one thing on the phone and then no in person. The actual ride wasn't bad but I don't think we will use Alaska Airlines again."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Matzitlan via Los Angeles. Alaska and Virgin America are merged except for computers. I can't even post a review on alaskalistens because the form doesn't recognize my itinerary. I booked thru Alaska Airlines and they put me on Virgin America for the SFO to LAX leg. When I got to SFO they couldn't book my luggage to Mexico. The counter agent observed or booking was stupid. We told him Alaska booked it this way. First leg ended in LAX, point to point. So our luggage could book thru. After three levels of supervisor and 45 minutes the ticket agent figured a way to get the luggage to Mexico but advised us to check in Mexico to avoid the issue returning. No agent in Mexico would take responsibility for the issue. As a consequence when we got to LAX on the return we had to shelp our bags from terminal 6 (Alaska) to terminal (3) Virgin to recheck them in. Took so long we missed our flight to San Francisco. We are long time Alaska users with a credit card and a mileage plan. Very disappointed. If they try to put you on Virgin for one leg be forewarned that they haven't worked out all the kinks is the merger. And I couldn't even make this statement to Alaska direct because the company doesn't acknowledge an SFO to Matzitlan itinerary using Virgin for one leg."
"Verified Review | Alaska Airlines is the worst that I have flown on. Not only did they give up my seat from Seattle to Anchorage, the gate employee and the customer service agent was very rude. They didn't offer anything to fix the problem and rebooked me for a flight 6 hours later than my original, middle seat, after I have been flying for about 18 hours."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to San Francisco. I've made a point to fly Alaska Airlines most of my flight for its previous customer service reputation. I booked a flight first class using mileage in April 2017 and realized how terrible this airline has become. They cancelled my flight two days prior to departure and I received no notification or rebooking. I spoke with customer service the day prior after trying to check in and the agent was rude, short, and told me no I can't find anything to rebook you on. I asked her to check other airlines as this was their mistake and she said no. It was one of the worst experiences in 30 years of flying. Sad because Alaska Airlines used to be my airline."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Honolulu. Been trying to resolve this with Alaska Airlines since we got to Hawaii but they still aren't so I'm going to put this out there for my friends & family. I tried to do something awesome for my mom since it was her birthday and her first time to Hawaii so I upgraded our seats to \"premium\". Premium seats are terrible for the following reasons: If I can't store my carry on under the seat in front of me because it's a row behind first class which only has 2 seats then the seat isn't premium. If I have the \"first class curtain\" hanging in my lap and in my face every time someone walks through it then it's not a premium seat. If I have to go from row 7 all the way to the back of the plane to the lavatory, then the seat isn't premium. If it says I get chocolates, almonds & cranberries & what I get is 1 square of dark chocolate, a snack size bag of blue almonds (approximately $0.50) and a snack size bag of ocean spray cranberries (approximately $0.50) then it's not premium. If it says to power up with a power outlet at every seat but every seat on the whole plane has one including the regular fare seats then it's not premium. When it say complimentary drinks but the attendant comes by once the whole flight that's not premium. When it says I can recline but the seats only go back as far as the normal seats then it's not premium. When your web site advertises premium upgrades starting at $15 but I had to pay $150 per ticket, I should've already known it wasn't going to be a premium experience. Please do not fall for Alaska Airlines scam of premium seating!"
"Verified Review | Seattle to Petersburg. Once aboard the plane, we had a stop in Ketchikan, before going on to Wrangler and to Petersburg. When I booked the tickets it was a direct flight to Petersburg. I found out that it was not at thw airport. Then they made us gather our stuff and made us move to different seats at Ketchikan. I think a warning that that was going to happen would have been nice. In this age of technology I would think that should not happen. That we should have been able to stay in the seats we started in. Disappointed."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. My flight was delayed and I missed several connecting flights, had to pay for a hostel I didn't stay in, a hotel for layover, missed my ride, missed classes, wasted a day of vacation, and have no time to settle in with my host family. I get that stuff happens but doing all you can to fix a wrong is appreciated and good costumer service. Alaska Airlines staff repeatedly told me it wasn't their fault but I'm the customer and it wasn't my fault either. If you provide a service sub par make it right and don't make a costumer feel like it was their mistake or that they have to pay for a mistake they didn't cause. I paid for a hotel and would have had to pay too much to get on the next flight out. That is unreasonable. I will be hesitant to use Alaska again."
"Unverified | Portland to New York JFK via Seattle. We showed up at Portland Airport for an 8pm flight. Our gate was switched twice, a sign of what was to come. As was the hard of hearing old man that the gate staff refused to help. The 8pm flight was delayed so badly that it became clear that we would miss our connection in Seattle. The bumbling idiots at the ticket counter couldn't figure out a solution to this issue, since their system doesn't link with better airlines (such as Jetblue). They put us up in a hotel for the night with the promise of a non-stop first class, 6:15am flight (to Newark, when our car was at JFK). Midway through the flight, we are diverted to Pittsburg, where we were trapped on the plane for 3 hours. After an announcement that we were going to Baltimore next, we took off for Newark, landing at 7:30pm . From 6:15am to 7:30, we were offered one fruit plate and some small snacks. We had to take a cab home. The next morning, we took a two buses and a train to our car at JFK . Mutiple calls to Alaskan airlines were met with indifference, attitude and a gusty offer to join their mileage program! I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Los Angeles with Alaska Airlines. This was the second time my 13 year old went as an unaccompanied minor. And both times they would not let her mother go back to meet her at the gate without me having to call the airline and her having to get the manager at the airport. Both times I called to make sure it was done correctly. And both times it was done incorrectly I will not be using this airline again for an unaccompanied minor."
"Verified Review | We booked our flights in July 2016 with Alaska. It's February 2017. From Kona to Seattle they had the family split up including our 5 year old. They did not care at all (that's the way flights work she said they have to make money). Then the flight attendant prosseded to give my 5 year old pop every time he would ask but my wife and I were not sitting in same row and could not see. My wife got to sit beside 2 people that had to use belt extensions - it was fun for her. When we got to Seattle they had seats for us - one for me but the kids and wife they oversold. They know when you book flights how old people are so the idea of splitting up a mother or father and a 5 year old is ridiculous. The other part is how do you oversell a seat when you book it 8 months early."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. Alaska Airlines has gotten better over the years but still has a ways to go. Many of their flights are still late and they generally do an awful job of updating the electronic screens at the gates. The screen will say a flight is boarding in 5 minutes when there isn't even a plane at the gate. It's also comical how Alaska charges most of their passengers to check a bag but then offers to do it for free as nearly every flight has issues with overhead bin space. So if you're flying Alaska check in online and choose zero bags to check. A screen or two later Alaska will usually offer to let you check your carry-on for free. And even if they don't, they almost certainly will offer to do so at the gate. Why not offer a free checked bag to everyone if you're going to offer that anyway? It's not fair to those who paid to check their bags. On the plus side their newest planes (the \"next gen\" 737-800 and -900) have more generous legroom and power at your seat. On the downside you have to use your own device for inflight entertainment. Alaska could learn something from Virgin American (which they now own). They do offer free (for now) streaming shows over WiFi but it's cumbersome, buggy, and you have to click past several screens trying to sell you GoGo inflight WiFi. While they offer a decent selection of paid food and beverages they have only a single food and beverage cart for the entire plane and a 737-900 is a long plane. So it takes something like 45 minutes for the service to work its way from the front to the back. But my biggest complaint about Alaska is they have many flights that are chronically late, yet they refuse to change the scheduled times. Even the flight crews have no explanation why they don't change the scheduled times. Southwest flies many of the same routes and puts Alaska to shame with their on-time record on those flights. And if anything goes wrong, like bad weather (we recently had snow in Seattle, for example) look out as Alaska turns into total chaos - especially at SeaTac. Wait times exceed one hour for calling them, lines stretch way down the hall from their customer service counters, their website falls on its face from the load, etc. And if you do stand in line for hours trying to rebook your cancelled, or infinitely delayed, flight, you're usually offered nothing useful and a joke of a customer care package. Basically they just seem not to care as they already have your money. Alaska charges at least $125 to make any changes to most flights and it's often horrifically expensive if you have to make a last minute change. This is in stark contrast to Southwest that charges no penalties for changes. Alaska's boarding is annoying with several \"tiers\" of preboarding which often amounts to at least a third of the plane with many of those people still blocking the aisles once they start general boarding. Again, Southwest is a far more pleasant and efficient experience. But airlines like United are even worse in this regard. Overall, for west coast travel I often have my pick of Southwest, Virgin America, Alaska, Delta, and United. And I try to book flights in that order of priority. Alaska is my third choice after Southwest and Virgin."
"Unverified | Seattle to Anchorage. Had to change flight to a later one with open seats. They wanted an additional 400 plus dollars as a change fee. I wish that the Seattle to Anchorage flight was covered by multiple carriers. Alaska Airlines has a monopoly on this route and can do whatever they want and I'm tired of them. You are a terrible airline and should be ashamed of overcharging."
"Unverified | So disappointed after my most recent flying experience. Normally customer care with Alaska has been great, but not this time. I flew with a certified service animal from Dallas to Fairbanks via Seattle. On the plane from Dallas to Seattle my service animal (a large dog) were asked to deboard because they had sold the seat next to me. Both the gate agent and the reservations agent I spoke with encouraged me to buy an extra seat on the Seattle to Fairbanks flight to ensure there was room and stated a refund would be issued with no problems if there were open seats left on the flight. Upon calling for my refund because there were open seats, the customer care agent was extremely rude, said they would refund it only this once and never do that again. She proceeded to hang up on me and not confirm the refund. That topped off with the \"don't bother me\" attitude of half my flight attendants has ended my loyal use of Alaska Airlines."
"Verified Review | Portland to Bellingham. Cancelled flight and they thought a meal voucher makes up for missing my family for another day. Ruined the end of a long business trip. Confusing process to get my baggage, find a hotel and get home at some point the next day. Thanks for nothing Alaska Airlines."
"Verified Review | Kailua Kona to Seattle. I'm so unimpressed with Alaska Airlines, and will never fly with them again. We didn't get the help we needed when our flight was canceled on January 1, 2017. I was told there were no flights out of Boise to Kona, which was false. I was able to book through United. Then, on my return flight we had zero explanation as to why we were not flying out on time. I tried to ask a staff to get me some water and she refused. The lack of care and unanswered questions is why I will not fly this airline again. I flew United to Kona and was very impressed with their service, not so much Alaska - even though I've been frequent flyer for 5 years."
"Seattle to Maztalan via Los Angeles. Flight to Maztalan was delayed 1.5 hours due to having de ice plane. Made it to LAX and the connecting flight to Maztalan was held for 53 people on Seattle flight. Pretty decent flight and then that evening I got a note promising a certificate of $75 off a future flight in a few days - that was 6th December, now its the 22 December and zip. Had a great time in Mexico, then the flight out of Mexico was delayed for no reason. We were able to upgrade to exit row#6. One thing I have noticed with carry on is some people that board first to the back rows are putting their carry ons in first overhead bins, I assume to avoid dragging their luggage up row while exiting - but then no room in overhead bins for people in rows behind first class. We landed in LA, sat on plane for 45 minutes while exit door was worked on only to be told we would be exiting from back of plane. OMG the people in back rows that put their bags up front now had to work their way up front to get their bags! No wonder people go insane. Customs was a nightmare, but thankfully my flight to Seattle was held."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Liberia, Costa Rica. Horrible experience to say the least, I have complained once and more to come here. I bought 4 first class Alaska Airlines tickets to fly to Costa Rica and two month later I received a call that they had to downgrade me because they were overbooked. At that time I requested that if they were going to do the same flying back from there to Los Angeles to inform me then so I can change plans and confirmed that they wouldn't. Later they called me and said that they had equipment change so they have to downgrade me again on the return flight. Amazing, by then too late to have last minute changes during Christmas times. So I called and asked to at least put my name on the upgrade list in case they had room and they guaranteed that once at the airport I had to give my name again and they put my family on number 16 through 20 for waiting list. So I go to their first class lounge and they would not to let me in so I paid to Admiral club so we can get in. Please don't insult me with free offers but understand that there is a major break down in your system and nobody is empowered to make decision not even simplest ones."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Mammoth Lakes. I purchased a ticket through American Airlines, received an email confirmation through American Airlines but was expected to know that I was supposed to go to the Alaskan airlines gate. So I walked from terminal 4 to terminal 6, checked my bags and got my boarding pass and went to gate 65A. I then asked the lady working at gate 65A where gate 65B was and how much time I had to board the plane. It was 7:40 at the time, my boarding pass said 8:10, she said that gate 65B was just right next to her. I went to the restroom and came back to gate 64A thinking gate 64B was right next to her based on the information given to me, to find out gate 64B was actually down the hall and around the corner. By the time I got to gate 64B it was 7:59. My friend told the lady working at gate 64B that I was in the restroom and I would be there in just a minute but they closed the flight anyway. I could see the plane right outside the door, about 40-50 feet away. It was a small plane with the step ladder still attached to it. They did not accommodate me in any way whatsoever. Very misleading and uninformative. I was scheduled to fly out and come back the same day so catching another flight wasn't an option. My trip was scrapped and subsequently ruined."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles with Alaska Airlines. Our flight was delayed 2.5 hours without much explanation. We got off for 1 hour but ended up sitting for 1.5 hours expecting to leave. Was very disappointed. I typically fly United and have done for 20 years on at least 5 flights a year (domestic and international) and never experienced this much delay!"
"Verified Review | Kahului to Victoria via Seattle with Alaska Airlines. The first problem I encountered was that the online check in did not work, and when I called Alaska Airlines, they said they are having a glitch in their system and I should go to the counter in the airport to complete my check-in. When I went to the counter and explained the problem, the agent insisted that I need an ETA visa to enter Canada. I knew this was not correct, but she insisted I cannot received my boarding pass and I may need to cancel my flight. I had to purchase internet as the terminal does not have free access to WiFi in order to prove to her that I don’t need an ETA. Then finally, after 20 minutes, I find out they did not choose the right option in the check-in process and that was the cause of the discrepancy. A stressful and horrible experience, and would not recommend this airline."
"San Francisco to Seattle. I just had the worst week of flying Alaska Airlines ever. They cancelled my flight to the Bay area from Seattle on Tuesday because of the weather. In fact, it was cold but dry with no ice. They rebooked me on a flight for that evening, even though there were seats available on earlier flights. Coming home today, my flight was also cancelled. I was due to land at noon but there was a chance of snow in the evening, so I guess that was what they were worried about? Again, they automatically rebooked me but for 6:48 AM the next day (when there actually would be snow on the ground)! I spent 2.5 hours on the phone (from 11pm to 1:30am) trying to get through to customer service because they wouldn't let me rebook on line. I got up at 5amand finally made it through to them. By dressing and leaving within 10 minutes I was able to make the only flight available that day but I had to go to an airport further away than my original one. Virtually no other airlines were cancelling flights to and from Seattle at these times. Plan for the worst if you have Alaska Airlines booked in the Northwest."
"Verified Review | The Seattle to San Jose flight was cancelled at the last moment and although they were kind enough to book me in the next flight out, the seat provided was terrible. Due to this delay, I had to cancel a bunch of meetings at work. I understand that this happens once in a blue moon but still it was disappointing. Waiting at the airport for 4 hours."
"Verified Review | Eugene to Honolulu via Portland. As I touch down into Portland getting ready to catch my flight back to Eugene was informed that the plane is broken and has not left yet Boise. In the last 45 days, 3 flights that I know of from Portland to Eugene have been cancelled for various reasons. Today it was for my flight and the last two times were a best friend flying in from Boise coming through Portland to Eugene and I had to drive to Portland to pick her up, because the last flight coming out of Portland to Eugene was cancelled. This is becoming a regular habit with Alaska Airlines and I would suggest anyone needing to get to Eugene through Portland, especially later in the evening, choose another airline! Their smaller aircraft are getting old and they're having constant problems with them!"
"Verified Review | I booked this flight online with Alaska air on June 14, 2016 for our family 4 to travel from Washington DC to Los Angeles, CA Oct 12 -19, 2016. The outbound flight was operated by American Airlines. I selected the seats so that family would be together. On July 15th and again August 11th I received an Email from Alaska Airlines that stated: \"We need to let you know about a change in your itinerary. The details of the change are below, but rest assured you are booked on the closest available option to your original itinerary. Your new reservation is confirmed and you do not need to reconfirm.\" Then the email read: \"Here is your updated flight information\", which included the new flight #, the new flight time (less than 10 minutes time difference) and it listed our original seating arrangements. The day before the flight I wanted to be among the first to check in and print our boarding passes. To my surprise not only am I required to select seats, their were no seating options that keeps our family together without an additional fee. This change was not mention in the Email. In fact the email list in detail the original seating selections under \"updated flight information\". Now this 5 hour flight only have options that puts all 4 of us in middle seats scattered all over the airplane. I called Alaska Airlines representative who instructed me to call American Airlines. American Airlines said to contact the company I booked the flight with. I booked this trip with Alaska Airlines and therefore I expected them to fix this problem. It's very important to us that our family is seated together on our flight. Less than 24 hours before the trip we cant get a refund and we can't book a new trip without outrageous cost, so we flew without all of us being seated together. This was a very unpleasant way to start our vacation. We contacted Alaska Airlines and they apologized for the inconvenience and added \"Unfortunately, our Customer Care department only handles post flight situations on Alaska Airlines operated flights. Have a good day sincerely , Customer Care Representative.\" That was a slap in the face."
"I was to fly this airline from Santa Rosa to Los Angeles on Nov 13th. The flight was canceled do to weather. Because I had a flight back to Germany at 3 pm that day, I needed to get to LA. They rebooked me from SFO to LAX. I paid 25 dollars for a Bus company to get to SFO from Santa Rosa. When I got there I had to repay a baggage fee I already paid Alaskan Airlines. I got in. Now I got back and I am trying to get reimbursed for the bus fee and the extra bag fee. After waiting 30 minutes to get to the customer care. I was told they would reimburse my bag fee, but not the bus fee or any other fee I incurred. Not happy with their approach to this, nor the ladies attitude on the phone. I expected to be treated fairly. I paid a high price for the ticket to fly out of Santa Rosa. I could have booked the flight that I eventually took and paid 150 Dollars less. I know this cancellation was weather related. But I would have expected the airlines to pay a bill for 25 Dollars to help the excess cost that I had to take upon myself because of this situation. When I have a chance to pick airlines in the future, I will remember this event and choose accordingly."
"Verified Review | Every time I fly Alaska to Spokane they are late, and if you are traveling on a Sunday night there will be maintenance problems guaranteed. My last three flights with Alaska on a Sunday night have all departed two hours after the scheduled departure time. Alaska, what is going on, do you not care about the leisure traveler to Spokane. I don't fly very much but when I do with you I can guarantee you will screw me over for the Seattle to Spokane flight on a Sunday night!"
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Seattle. After paying for a full fare First Class ticket on the above referenced flight we were subjected to 5 hours of a screaming infant. Not an hour, not intermittent, but five straight hours. It’s bad enough Alaska Airlines allowed three other under six year olds in First Class but when did they waive a First Class age limit and allow infants? Passengers pay for first class to avoid those annoyances. We do so with an expectation of first class service. Instead, for a six hour flight we got cramped seating, two cold pancakes and a screaming infant. It was not First Class travel."
"Verified Review | On a 45-minute KLM flight the crew served choice of beverage and snack, while on connexion Alaska Airlines flight of 82 mins from San Francisco to Palm Springs on Alaska, no one smiled, you could only choose OJ or water, and they started to prepare for landing 30 mins before actual landing so they could go back to their jumpseats and chat about their schedules. Also, there was supposed to be electrical outlets at each seat, but there wasn't any I could find and I didn't dare bother a stewardess with a question about their aircraft."
"Mammoth Lakes to Los Angeles LAX with Alaska Airlines. Flight cancelled. Terrible service. No support. Now in SAN same dreadful customer service. Despite canceling flight and only offering alternative flight in 3 days time, not able to use credit towards baggage charge for next flight. Not sure why anyone would travel with Alaska. I would avoid if at all possible."
"Verified Review | Newark to Yakima. Alaska Airlines is awful. I've primarily flown with them for the past 25 years and they've been going downhill. They don't allow passengers on board during the boarding time, close doors early at airports, charge exorbitant fees for luggage (food, liquor, etc). They tell people to go to the customer service desk, which isn't even open, don't give options when they won't allow you on a flight that they've randomly decided you can't board because they've closed the doors early, and offer you a 50$ refund when you need to rent a car to dive over 4 hours because of it. They don't offer hotel stays, free luggage, or anything. This has gone from being the best airline, to being the worst airline, over the last 25 years. They have a \"20 minute\" baggage guarantee, which always takes longer and they never honor. They charge 100$ for a 20 min flight because they're the only airline that flies out of my small town. I refuse to fly with them anymore."
"Los Angeles to Puerto Vallarta. I'm going to say Alaska Airlines 1st class is not worth the money for a number of reasons. Here's my observations from Seat 4D. No immediate service. No drinks/snacks as people are boarding. A usual perk of 1st. Personal entertainment devices aren't always available. (Even when they say you have your own). There is no difference in extra leg room between 1st and economy plus. Just 2 seats a row instead of 3, which is nice, but not for the price difference. Service onboard is not first class quality when compared to Delta, Virgin, Air New Zealand (to name a few). Not even close. Food, drinks, services just not that special. Alaska sells off vacant 1st class seats at the last moment if they're available for $50. This is painful. Great for the person who gets a $1000 seat for $50 - not good when you pay a premium for peace and quiet. But, it explains why they don't care about good service in 1st. Alaska needs to step it up. A \"wider\" seat just isn't worth the premium price."
"Portland to Dallas Fort Worth with Alaska Airlines. We flew paid first class in seats 2A and 2C. Prior to departure we were in the PDX Alaska Board Room (paid membership). The place was dirty. Boarding was slow, mainly because there seems to have been only one gate agent working a full flight. As a result, we pushed back about 15 minutes late. The gate agent acted as though we were a bother to her - a real attitude issue. The four FA's working the flight were more interested in chatting with each other and constantly checking their iPhones, than interacting with passengers. This was particularly true later in the flight when the FA's gathered in the forward galley for a chat-fest. Our seating area was filthy, with coffee stains and food crumbs on the tray tables and the area between the seats The IFE on Alaska is woefully inadequate; in 1st, you are offered a DigEPlayer (like a small tablet) preloaded with content. Your other choice is to stream content on your own device, but to do so, you must pay for it. This is inferior to the AVOD on American and Delta that is complimentary in 1st. First class catering (lunch) was a joke - a warm turkey sandwich. It was the one and only option. The worst part of the trip was the seating on the Boeing 737-900. First off, the 737-800/900 seat pitch on Alaska is less than on Delta and far less than on American. Moreover, the first class seats would not recline. The seats were miserably uncomfortable and inferior to the seats used by American and Delta. We paid for our first class seats - we did not upgrade, and it was pretty evident by the time we landed in DFW that we would have been better off flying American"
"Seattle to Hawaii with Alaska Airlines. This will have to be the worst airline I have ever flown with. I had flights booked from months prior to travel. Myself and my friend were advised at the airport that the plane was full and we were on hold for seats. At the end of boarding we received our seats which were seated at opposite ends of the plane. No in-flight entertainment, and unfriendly staff. Would not recommend at all."
"Flew for vacation with Alaska Airlines from Edmonton to Lihue. Previous experience had been good. Our connector flight into Seattle was diverted to Portland which caused us to miss our flight to Lihue. When AA got us to Seattle, they were able to place us on a later flight to Lihue, but in coach not first class that we had booked and paid for. Three calls to customer service has netted results. Certainly will be considering another airline for this route in the future as I am not happy to be treated like this."
"This was the first time that I was flying on Alaska Airlines. The first flight from Kahului was fine but when I arrived in San Diego it was horrible. After having a six hour layover in San Diego, turns out that the flight that I had been waiting for had a mechanical error and they ended up sending a smaller plane instead. I almost didn't have a seat because the gate agent said that I didn't check in early enough to have my seat and I and 11 other people who also paid for a seat were basically on standby. The worst thing was, I checked in the day before so how dare they tell me that I didn't check in early enough to get a seat. And the seat that I had originally booked, that said it was my confirmed seat, was given to the first person on the wait list. To anybody who is thinking of flying Alaska, don't. This was the worst flight experience I had ever had and I'm a frequent flyer."
"Our flight #121 from Seattle to Anchorage was not only approx an hour and a half late but we also shared half the aircraft with a load of freight? To add insult to injury, the constant loud chatter of the stewardesses made it impossible to try to catch a few winks before our anticipated 1.30am arrival in Anchorage. The complete disregard for passenger comfort and well being was such a huge contrast to our prior experiences with Alaska Airlines which have consistently exceeded our expectations. As a result, we will not be travelling long distance with Alaska Airlines in future."
"The seats were uncomfortable, barely reclined and featured an \"innovative\" design to provide 3\" of leg room. I'm tall and I would expect 1st class to provide extra leg room. Not on Alaska Airlines. My knees were crushed for a good part of the flight. Food, other than soft drinks all other beverages cost. Nothing was complimentary. The meal was a TexMex Salad that was mostly a pile of lettuce with cheese on top. A prepackaged cookie was thrown in. Coach had options better than First class. Upon asking for some fruit from coach I was told \"we'll see\" and it was going to cost me extra. Coffee was never offered and upon asking I was told maybe they had some in coach but they were out. Little to no complimentary inflight entertainment. That was going to cost too. As soon as we were over Mexican airspace the whole system went dead. No wifi. Not even when flying in American airspace. If it was offered, as apparently it was on some flights, it was going to cost. After meal service, I couldn't get a even a small bag of pretzels. No effort was made to make the flight more comfortable or to provide any alternative food. The crew was friendly enough but seemed inexperienced in providing any first class service. Oddly the flight began with an announcement from the pilot (male) on how attractive the all female flight crew was. I felt as if I had stepped back 50 years. Though minor, it wasn't appropriate or professional. My expectations for first class aren't all that high. A comfortable seat, plenty of leg room, complimentary beverages (inc wine), somewhat of a more substantial meal than you would receive in coach and at the very least a flight crew that tried to make your flight as pleasant as possible. Alaska Airlines provided non of these. No blanket or pillow, nothing to read - having to beg for coffee? And above all else I conveyed this info to Alaska Corporate/Customer Care. Nothing from them with even a hint they might want to retain a customer. If you are going to spend the extra money to arrive refreshed via flying first class, heed my advice, find another airline. I've never been disappointed by Virgin America. United, which is doing the bare minimum at least is providing the bare minimum. There is nothing 1st class about this airline."
"For years my family and I have flown on Alaska Airlines. The service has deteriorated to the point where I want to scream. Flying from Anchorage to Seattle is about 4 hours of absolute misery. The seats are tiny and hard. I was miserable after a couple of hours. Staff sighs snarky, rude and I don't give a damn! I had the beverage cart slam into my shoulder and the crew member said \"stay out of the aisle. \" I might add that there were 3 larger people in this row. I was trying to give everyone a bit of room. I'm flying down to Costa Rica at the end of October on Alaska via milage plan. Who knows what is in store for me - perhaps I'll upgrade to 1st class."
"There have been numerous incidents with Alaska Airlines while my daughter has lived in Mammoth Lakes over the past 5 years. Today, Sept 15, 2015 my daughter, who had made her reservation weeks ago to fly down and go on vacation to a central coast beach town, got a text at 1 pm today notifying her that her flight had been cancelled. The next flight is tomorrow evening which would have her arriving at 7ish and we are due to be at our vacation destination tomorrow. If she took the offer for tomorrow we would be losing one nights hotel stay nonrefundable as there is a 48 hour deadline to cancel. She called Alaska Airlines to get her refund as now she has to drive down to LA by herself in order to make our plan work. She asked why the flight was cancelled, already knowing what they would say. Alaska Airlines go to phrase for cancelling flights is \"mechanical problems\" when the flight isn't full enough. Sure enough that is what she was told. I'm thinking really, there are 3 hours before the flight leaves LAX for Mammoth and there isn't a working plane available to be brought in? Well, of course there is nothing a passenger can do or say to change the \"I don't really care about you\" attitude that exists in this situation. It is really sad that this happens fairly often which proves to me that Alaska Airlines really doesn't care about this particular flight. I feel Alaska Airlines should perhaps not be flying in to Mammoth Lakes every day. If people knew there was a limited schedule at least they would know how to plan instead of last minute cancellations being frequent."
"This Alaskan Airlines trip has been the worst travel experience by far. I was stuck at the airport for 9 hours because they kept pushing the flight back every hour until they finally canceled it and reconnected me through a Delta Air Lines flight that was 3 hours later. Had to spend the night in San Diego and the next day I was optimistic that I would get to my final destination without a problem but of course the second I got there they flight was delayed due to mechanical issues. Very annoying and took up a lot of my vacation time."
"It was the worst service. I bought three seats (30 D/E/F) in a row from Seattle to Salt lake. I wasn't able to fill the third seat which was nonrefundable. After boarding I was relaxing in my aisle seat of the three seat I bought and paid for. A man came and wanted my seat, which I refused because I had paid for all three seats. A flight attendant and ticket taker lady showed up and she belligerently told me to give up my seat and told me to move to my middle seat. She didn't offer a refund or any compensation for the seat that they basically outright stole and resold one of my seat from me. Since I didn't want to make a scene, I comply in protest and moved. She was very unprofessional, insensitive and rude."
"This was the first time I have flown with this airline and I was very disappointed. Both flights of my round trip were delayed a minimum of 2 hours. After spending more money to save time instead of driving, I ended up spending way more time sitting in an airport. I will not fly this airline again if I can help it."
"Checked into Alaska Airlines at the Santa Rosa airport 2 hours before take off. The plane was 30 minutes late. Because they were late they decided to rush boarding and instead of the allotted 30 minutes it was more like 10-15 minutes. My 70 year mom and dad were right behind us in security. My husband and I got through security and we were rushed to get on the plane. I told them there were 2 more behind us. They decided to just cut the line there and didn't let them board! To top it off I was worried about my 70 year old mom (she was upset and crying) so I asked the flight attendant about my mom and dad not being on the plane. She snapped at me that it was too bad, and that they probably weren't there on time. I responded that we checked into the airport 2 hours previously. She said rudely, 'so?'. My mom ended up having to fly out of her way north to Seattle and them back down to San Diego to make it in time. Horrible airline, insensitive staff, rude, and couldn't care less about their customers and how they treat then."
"I recently flew first class from Cancun Mexico to Seattle Washington. Having tried many times to upgrade and not having any luck I was excited that I finally got the chance. My boyfriend and I each used 10000 points to splurge on the trip home. I would never have done so if I knew how poor the service would be. Our steward was beyond rude. He offered no service whatsoever was totally unhelpful with any questions and hung out in the front away from the passengers. We had to ask for more water let alone a drink and when we did his attitude was atrocious. I realize first class isn't what it used to be but had I known what this would have been like I would have saved my points and stayed in coach I've had much better service there! Very disappointing for my first time going \"first class\"."
"Travelled from Philadelphia to Maui via Seattle. Flew first class. After take off flight attendant stated that there were only 16 first class meals on board for the 16 first class seats. There were two choices of menu 8 each. She started taking orders at the front of the first class section and I was setting in the back when she got to me there were no choices left take the remaining selection or nothing. So I end up with nothing. She came back and offered me a cheese platter with 7 grapes and two so so cheeses and some crackers. Seats were standard first class seats which did not come close to lay flat. Hand held entertainment device did not work. Poor excuse for a first class flight."
"12/1/14 ORD-SEA Flt 29. Arrived at the airport about 1.5 hours early. Only 1 agent at the counter. Waited about 15 mins before another agent appeared to assist. Once there it went smoothly and quickly. Boarding was efficient and able to be seated quickly. We were issued their digiplayers. Fair selection of movies to view but really no place to put the player when the meal arrived. A bit cumbersome. Meal offered was one choice only. It was tasty but portions have certainly been scaled back. Flight attendant disappeared after the meal service. Arrived on time. However I remember Alaska having a far superior service to that of its rivals but this flight did not prove that at all."
"12/4/14 SEA to ORD Flt 22. When checking in one has to perform a self bag tag and then take the luggage to the check in desk. There were 2 of us - we had 1 bag to check. It was over by 4lbs but since you are allowed two pieces of luggage per person we were well with in the weight limit. Too bad cost $75. Flight departed on time. Staff were friendly service was standard. Same meal offered on both segments but yet again nothing remarkable that would make me select this carrier over the competition. Once meal was served and one refresher of drinks the FA disappeared. I was disappointed with the overall service. It is not what I was accustomed to. A digiplayer for the entertainment was handed out but it is cumbersome to have on your tray table when the meal is served."
"Took Alaska to Cabo on Sept 15th Alaska stated flight is still going. Get to San Diego Cabo flight still going. 30 minutes later our flight is cancelled. Alaska says no seats open back to Seattle tough luck. Find out the Cabo airport was shut down the day before and Alaska flew us to San Diego knowing this."
"My first flight from Vancouver to Seattle was great - the crew were fantastic. However my flight from Seattle to Salt Lake City was not very enjoyable. I found the crew to be lazy and rude. I tried to order a beverage on the plane and they had closed out early (1 hour early) and right after they had passed with the drink cart. I've flown before and unless there is turbulence then typically a plane will serve you until about 30 minutes before landing. One flight attendant was very rude. I usually love flying Alaska and was about to apply for my Alaska Air credit card but this was very disappointing. I think I may hold back on applying because of this particular experience."
"Rebooked onto Alaska due to cancellation of my original flight on UA from SEA to LAX. The aircraft was pretty worn (737-400) and the IFE non-existent. The legroom was frightening. Once the pax in front of me reclined my knees were against his seat for the duration. Cabin crew were good and service was perfunctory. However I could've done without the 5 minute announcement ploy for their credit card and corresponding benefits (not to mention the FA walking down the aisle with applications). Got me from point to point but I have to say I wasn't really that impressed."
"I am an Alaska Gold 75K and due to all the flight time I am seeing an increasing amount of maintenance holds delays and flight impact due to demand maintenance. On a flight from SEA to PSP that was on gate hold for 30 minutes due to a cockpit printer malfunction. The pilots PA circuit also malfunctioned with very loud audio noise in the background that made his communication to the cabin almost inaudible. Given the monthly frequency of gate hold maintenance events I am seeing as a passenger I am concerned about the competency funding and oversight of their maintenance program."
"Absolutely awful service. I missed a flight to Honolulu for business because my connecting flight (also an Alaska Airlines flight) was 25 minutes late arriving. I got to the departure gate for Honolulu in time to see the plane sit there for a few minutes before pushing back if only they have held the plane 5-10min so me and the half dozen other connecting passengers could make the flight. Worse yet they offered no hotel or even club accommodations even thought this was the last flight out and it was entirely the airline's fault that we didn't make the connection—service reps said it wasn't their problem since they were 'only' 20min late and blamed my booking. I'll never fly Alaska Airlines again."
"My main issue is the check in. Flight from SMF to PDX was on the small propeller jet. Those do not have overhead room for normal overhead luggage. But they don't tell you. Hence you are forced to tag bags at the gate and place on cart for checking just like regular checked bags. What if you had something temperature sensitive. It's stupid not to inform customers that the plane does not have normal overhead storage. On the return flight it took half hour to check bags because the airline was understaffed line oppressively long. If I fly Alaska again I will bring a backpack only that's sure to fit in the tiny overhead compartment. Tell us if we get normal overhead. That's all I ask."
"Out of 6 flights on Alaska going from Santa Barbara to Kalispell Montana and back only one flight (S.B. to Portland) was even remotely on time. All the rest departed from a half to full hour after the scheduled time. This is the worst this experienced long time flyer has ever seen."
"Departed on time from DCA bound for SEA on a 737-400 window seat 16 impossible to move in or out while other two passengers occupied their respective seats. The individual on the middle seat wore the most puzzling attitude making it absolutely awful to even attempt to exit for a loo break for the 4 plus hour trip. Blame the ludicrous spacing that makes it an absolute necessity to require other passengers to co0operate multiple times during a long flight. From SEA to JUN still a fully loaded aircraft yet uneventful and more pleasant neighbor passengers. JUN to final destination PSG a short hour long hop. A short 30 min delay at SEA. Return PSG by way of WRG then KTN imposed an hour an a half delay due not to weather. We arrived late night at SEA and then off to catch a ride to a local awful Seatac Inn for an overnight layover. Flight back to DCA was more pleasant. FA mobilized quickly to keep the full cabin stocked with minute free snacks beverages in cups and purchased meals. Entertainment was avail at 10 dollars for a shared small screen pad which battery quickly ran out of charge. The DCA to SEA is a long flight on a regularly cramped cabin. The spacing between seats is insufficient for a 155 lb. 6 ft. man to exit the window seat without interfering or annoying uncooperative passengers. It is difficult to hold biological needs for such long travel distances."
"SEA-ANC-ORD I consider my two experiences with this airline poor ones! The staff are friendly but flights are often delayed! On board crew seem lost this made me feel very uncomfortable these days you pay for everything extra when you fly them even for the bags. Won't be flying Alaska again unless the price is right."
"I am retired and am fortunate enough to fly first class extensively and often on a variety of airlines both in the US and Europe. I recently flew first class with my wife round trip from Las Vegas to Anchorage and plan to never fly Alaska again. Every employee I had contact with was pleasant and courteous the planes were on time but the only benefit in flying first was the additional legroom. The outbound and inbound flights were 2 weeks apart but breakfast both mornings was the same and only thing what they called eggs benedict with turkey ham which was on a piece of dry bread and was tasteless. Lunch was also one choice a chicken salad on a tiny salad plate with out bread cracker or chip desert was one piece of rolled candy. There was no TV on the leg of the flight to Seattle to Anchorage they provided a small hand held screen with a choice of 4-5 movies and short clips. I have never had such cheap and thoughtless meals on any of my previous flights. I would never recommend this Airline but if your required to fly it don't waste your money on first class."
"I am retired and am fortunate enough to fly first class extensively and often on a variety of airlines both in the US and Europe. I recently flew first class with my wife round trip from Las Vegas to Anchorage and plan to never fly Alaska again. Every employee I had contact with was pleasant and courteous the planes were on time but the only benefit in flying first was the additional legroom. The outbound and inbound flights were 2 weeks apart but breakfast both mornings was the same and only thing what they called eggs benedict with turkey ham which was on a piece of dry bread and was tasteless. Lunch was also one choice a chicken salad on a tiny salad plate with out bread cracker or chip desert was one piece of rolled candy. There was no TV on the leg of the flight to Seattle to Anchorage they provided a small hand held screen with a choice of 4-5 movies and short clips. I have never had such cheap and thoughtless meals on any of my previous flights. I would never recommend this Airline but if your required to fly it don't waste your money on first class."
"LAX to DCA on May 23rd. Apart from one every other flight attendant was rude and scowled the whole trip. No greeting as we boarded the plane no follow through with promises to help provide first aid (or a simple bandaid after an injury) and no explanation for delays that occurred. The attendants seemed annoyed when customers asked for beverages when we were seemingly skipped. Overall this flight is miserable and the staff are far less pleasant than the attendants who work for foreign or even domestic airlines that I have flown with recently. Granted the lack of amenities on this older flight doesn't add much to the comfort of fl going across country but a pleasant attitude for the staff wouldn't hurt."
"Round trip SAN/PVR April 4-12. Alaska's first is more of a \"light first\". Seats and legroom just so so. Same pasta dish on both legs served along side a small salad. No roll butter or dessert. Flight attendants on both legs were great they seemed embarrassed about the meal quality but kept drinks flowing and were very pleasant. Both flights on time. Travelled on BA award tickets."
"I flew to Las Vegas March 29th and returned April 1. First class round-trip $777. Service down was slow and we were served a cheese platter. Not a significant midday meal but it was sufficient. Returning was worse. Nearly an hour before cocktails were delivered. We were not served the cheese platter. We were served hot pasta in cheese sauce on a sad looking salad bed. I asked the Flight Attendant for the cheese platter instead as I heard them offering it to the coach passengers. She advised that I would have to pay for it. She was rude and smug. Apparently I can drink you dry of scotch but have to pay additional for a decent meal. In addition after being served our drinks another Flight Attendant came up to us and asked if we wanted our pretzel bags as they did not have enough to serve coach. I have been flying Alaska Airlines since 1973. This is the worst service I have received coach or first class. Flying 1st class is more than a wider seat. It represents a gracious and superior attention to the passengers for which a premium is being paid."
"Staff indifferent and rude. We had a 4 hour delay from Kona to Portland and they offered no inflight freebies to compensate. Going to Maui they kept serving alcohol to passengers that were drunk."
"Alaska Air has a bad reputation because of frequent flight delays. We weren't surprised when our flight was delayed several hours in Kelowna BC on Feb 22nd. We then missed our connections in Seattle and in Portland to Maui Hawaii. After all the delays we were looking forward to finally boarding our flight to Maui and sitting in our first class seats for which we had paid a lot of extra money. What a disappointment! It was an old dirty plane with the most uncomfortable seats we have ever experienced. The seats were old and worn and lacked cushioning. To top it off the backs reclined only about 5 degrees. The inflight entertainment was of such poor quality we couldn't use it - the audio and screen were awful. We are vegetarians and Alaska Air only offers fish and chicken. The good thing about the flight were the flight attendants who were pleasant and cheerful. We arrived in Maui and because of all the delays we were up 24 hours before being able to finally get to bed. So all in all we were not happy customers. Alaska needs to improve their planes and give much more thought to passenger comfort and service. We have been to Hawaii 20+ times on other airlines and never had such an uncomfortable flight as on Alaska."
"LAX-SJD-LAX Feb 15 First Class. What a disappointing experience. We purchased (not upgraded or miles) first class tickets to Cabo expecting a lot more. The first class seat pitch was awful in rows 2 and 3. Very cramped! Forget it if the person in front of you leans back at all. It also appears that the 3rd (and last row of 1st) has minimal seat recline. The condition of the seats : The leather was very distressed marked up and very worn. When we boarded at Cabo for the return flight to LAX there were crumbs all over the seats and floor. The food (both ways): a chicken sandwich with a single tomato slice some orzo and a piece of chocolate. Not even packets of salt and pepper accompanied the trays. I'd say this product is an embarrassment to this airline."
"I flew from DFW to Seattle then on to Honolulu. Interior of the planes are shabby and worn. Seats are hard and narrow with minimum recline. No pillows blankets or footrests. FA tossed a bag of mixed nuts toward my hubby by the window seat couldn't she have handed it to him?"
"I started flying another airline about 2 years ago but today decided to give Alaska another chance. I was sorely disappointed. The ticketing agents greeted me with frowns and a cold mechanical demeanour. The woman managing the line was condescending and seemed irritated with everyone. When I boarded I found my seat 3-A to not fully recline. The amount of leg room wasn't enough to cross my leg at the ankle and the general appearance was worn out and dirty. Once we were in the air the man in front of me reclined and I was no longer able to reach my bag under the seat. Now I would expect this in a coach seat but again they're calling this first class. I was served a lacklustre although well presented breakfast of eggs with tomato and asparagus a potato cake and fresh (ish) fruit. The flight attendant in my cabin was prompt and polite but the announcement about Alaska air credit cards droned on for what seemed like an eternity. Alaska built a reputation with exceptional customer service and a clean well maintained fleet of aircraft. Today booth there workforce and equipment seems to be in need of a serious overhaul."
"SEA-ANC return in First. On the way up Anchorage was expecting bad weather. The FAs who had already delayed providing any first class service until about 50 minutes into the flight decided more than an hour out of ANC to prepare the cabin for landing. They got on the overhead and informed everyone that the captain had ordered this then promptly ceased service closed the restrooms and plopped down in their jump seats to chat. (This was clearly visible from First.) About a half hour of smooth flying later the pilot got on the intercom and announced that the FAs should begin preparing the cabin for arrival. It was obvious he had no idea the FAs had ceased working 30 minutes earlier. Alaska really needs to do something about its FAs. They used to be the best in the business such that it was a real treat to get to fly Alaska on this leg; now this route in particular is staffed by burnouts. I get better treatment on Delta for my Alaska frequent flyer status than I do on Alaska."
"Traveled to and from Anchorage from Kansas City in Sep 2012. Amazing to find the Alaska Airlines structures built in several airports to squeeze hold baggage fees from customers - but poorly staffed. Lines were longer when standing in line to check bags where baggage fees had been earlier paid on the web by credit card. On the full flight back from Anchorage to Seattle on 17 September I don't know that I have ever been packed tighter in an aircraft. I am not a tall man and my knees were in contact with the seat in front of me for that uncomfortable 3 hour leg. I know the economy is tough and the airline business intent upon wringing the last buck they can from the consumer but Alaska Airlines has taken this to a new level. I felt for the flight attendants hawking meals video devices and other such up and down the aisle. In Seattle prior to the last leg to Kansas City they gave us a start by posting a 7 hour delay- with no explanation whatever. Fortunately after 20 minutes of angst the original departure time was reinstated. I last traveled to Alaska on Alaska Airlines quite a few years ago and the present experience in coach was like night and day."
"Heading to Disneyland for our daughter's sixth birthday. Planned well in advance and when it comes to checking in they have separated the three of us with their updated seat assignment. We all have the same last name an it clearly states that we're travelling with a child. Get to the gate only to be told by the agent that she can't do anything and we should ask the flight attendants to find us seats together. We get in the plane and explain the situation to the flight attendants and they now tell us that hey can't do anything and we're out of luck. \"Maybe someone will be nice enough to switch seats with you\". Is this really how you handle mistakes? By passing the buck and doing nothing? A complete disappointment from a company that has obviously forgotten what customer service means."
"One way from San Diego to Seattle in first class. I paid approximately $450 for the seat. The extent of the food service on the 2.5 hour flight was a fruit and cheese plate. Pitiful to describe and worse to eat. There was also absolutely no in-flight entertainment no headsets and no video."
"We were very disappointed during our 4 weeks trip around Alaska and way to Hawaii with Alaska Airlines. We used it for many flights. SEA-JUN JUN-CVA CVA-ANC Fairbanks-Barrow Anchorage-HNL and HNL-SEA and always the same opinion. Old dated planes service near zero (no free meals) just peanuts and drinks. You have to pay for your luggage when you don't travel only around Alaska: for us a total of 80 USD. More over no entertainment you have to pay 10$ to watch old movies. To conclude crew not very friendly."
"I already checked into my flight and got my boarding pass at the airport. However with Alaska you have to wait in line to pay for your luggage separately (is this something new?). By the time it was my turn to pay for my luggage they said my luggage was too late for the flight. The luggage needs to be paid and checked in 40 min before the flight. As a result they took my boarding pass away and switch me to a flight 8 hrs later. Because of the huge delay my business activities all have to be sacrificed."
"I showed up 2 hours early but a TSA-Alaska problem made me miss my flight. Their small print symbol calling for additional security screening was missed by TSA so when I went to board they had to send me back to TSA and I missed my flight. The worst part is that they wouldn't put me on the next flight to my destination (on another airline) and made me wait 5+ hours for another Alaska flight. I would have been better off driving. I'll avoid flying with Alaska air in the future if I can."
"My husband and I were refused to fly because he had an airline approved oxygenator to take on as hand luggage and it would not be used in flight. We had purchased First class tickets to from Seattle to Hawaii they put us on another Airline those seats were economy and the cost of those tickets were $360.00 pp and we had paid over $700 pp - they gave us a refund of $105 pp."
"LAX-PDX-BLI and BLI-SEA-SFO. All flights were completely full. Comfort on all aircraft's was surprisingly good. What lets them down is the staff. Robotic flight attendants going through the motions. Check-in staff in Bellingham were agonizingly slow. There were only two customers in front of me. 20 mins later there were still two customers in front of me. When I finally reached the counter my bag was 50.7 pounds. I am told to re-pack it. I took one shoe out of my suitcase and put it in my carry-on and she accepted my suitcase. On both Horizon Air flights (PDX-BLI-SEA) flight attendants sat in their jumpseats and read magazines the entire flight. My Alaska Seattle-San Francisco flight ended up arriving over an hour late. I had to run through SFO to catch my Air New Zealand flight. What a pleasure to be greeted at the door of Air NZ by smiling polite cabin crew."
"Found planes to be aged and shabby. Tray tables dirty would not want to eat off them. Staff seemed friendly but their uniforms were unimpressive. Had a delay out of Seattle and everyone was made to get off plane travel by train to another terminal to board another plane because of a broken seat. This was obviously known about before we boarded so they should not have put that plane back into service before it was fixed. Would not recommend this airline."
"Previously I have had mostly positive experiences with Alaska Airlines. However over an hour after boarding the plane we are still sitting at the gate waiting for maintenance and my 16 month old is getting fussy. I ask the FA if she can get us some juice to calm him down and am told no even though she is serving coffee to other passengers. 30 minutes later we are still sitting there and he is seeing everyone else getting drinks but him and starts to cry at which point the FA comes back and tells me to make him be quiet. I fly with my son almost twice a month and have never had a problem. On any other airline they would have tried to help the situation by talking to him or bringing a snack or a pair of wings. But not this one."
"Being based in Portland I am stuck traveling Alaska 75% of the time for business travel and was never impressed with the quality of the planes or service. Recently I used rewards miles for a trip to Honolulu. The plane was a standard 737 with absolutely no amenities. The overhead air barely blew. Service was terrible. Based on the most recent experience with their customer service I will try even harder to not fly Alaska and I am cancelling their rewards credit card. The other 25% I travel United and have never had a problem with their planes or service."
"I flew in from round trips OAK to HNL both flights were awful. The money I paid for these two flight's were great and that's the main reason I'm not too hateful towards them. The food was not bad. The staff service was good. The main reason my experience with Alaska Airlines was awful is because the actual aircraft's I flew in were horrible! The seats were incredibly small I was feeling very cramped during the whole flight's it was impossible to sleep on those plane's because the recliner's barely reclined. The leg room was ridiculous it's really hard to get up and go to the lavatory. The lavatory is also a bit small. There was not any complimentary in-flight entertainment expect the crew members offered screens to watch movies shows etc with a 10$ fee. Overall Alaska Airlines is mediocre. If you want a good price to go to Hawaii but understand that you will suffer cramped seats for 5 and half hours fly Alaska Airlines."
"Flew SFO to SEA. My 9.20am flight was over sold. I was bumped to another flight leaving from OAK 5 hours later. My return flight left 5 hours late after changing planes twice because of mechanical problems. Worst flight experience I have had on many years and I fly 50000 plus miles a year. I haven't flown Alaska in 20 years and I never will again."
"I would not recommend Frontier for those with connections. My flight from BNA-SFO with a connection in Denver was grounded because of plane problems. We were grounded in St Louis and agents were most unhelpful. I was stuck in St Louis and only got to my destination because I booked other flights in order to do so. Frontier does not do anything but give a 200 voucher for a missed connection. On my way back from SFO to BNA (connecting through Denver) we were grounded for a medical emergency which is understandable however no help given to those who missed connections. I got home on my own doing by booking a Southwest flight while we were grounded in Grand Junction. They have limiting options to help you out if you miss a connection."
"I was flying from DCA to SAN with a connection in Denver. DCA to DEN was a nice enough flight with no complaints. However when my flight from DEN to SAN came they were unable to get a pilot. Keep in mind that DEN is Frontier's hub. This occurred at 10.10 pm and by the time I was able to speak with customer service the earliest flight that I could get to SAN was 9 pm the next day. Fortunately I did not have plans the next day but I know several people in the line who had to miss out on their plans due to this."
"I bought tickets to fly myself and my 2 young kids (ages 4 and 2) from Salt Lake to Kansas City 2 months in advance. Inexplicably Frontier did not assign us seats together. For each of the 4 legs on this round-trip gate agents did a little shuffling to get us in the same row. But I still had to personally ask other people already on their seats to move. Travelling alone this wouldn't have been a big deal but with two little kids? Just getting on the plane and taking care of everyone's food potty and entertainment needs is stressful enough. Frontier made this such an unpleasant experience that I will avoid getting any tickets on Frontier again. When I said something about this to a flight attendant I got the response \"Well that's Frontier for you!\""
"LAX-SEA-LAX-GDL in First Class. Alaska served the same meal consisting of a Chicken Sandwich and orzo pasta salad on all sectors. I was especially disappointed on the International sector of LAX-GDL. Alaska Airlines was on time for all sectors baggage was delivered promptly and the inflight cabin staff were efficient. They have to learn to vary their menu for First Class Passengers especially on International Sectors. Thus the mediocre rating."
"I am a 75K elite status on this Airline and fly every weekend and also 1 million miler status since two years ago but sadly have seen a dramatic decline in service. First class not worth the cost. Upgrades even with my status are rare. Food is horrible. I recommend you stick with either American or Delta or United or Southwest for elite status. MVP Gold and 75K means nothing to the airline."
"I have been an Alaska Airlines MVP Gold passenger for 6 years. Each year the service and attitude slips in the past 2 years more than ever in crew attitude food portions and quality. The routes I fly for business are SEA-ANC SEA-DCA and SEA-LAZ. Last two round trips one to DCA and to LAX were especially bad. The plane had not been well serviced the food was not up to standard and FA's did not care about the over heated cabin. The sorry truth is that on the SEA-ANC and SEA-WDC flights Alaska knows that they can be poor and still outshine their competitors."
"We flew from Bellingham to Honolulu HI and back with Alaska Airlines. On the flight to HI we sat in row 23. By the time the food service got to us (I was willing to pay for food) they were out of the good food and only had things that no one else wanted to buy. Lousy service lousy prices. Late leaving HI for Bellingham by 30 minutes. This airline continues to go down hill. Years ago it was a great airline. Not so much anymore."
"Terrible Airline cheap with bad service. My plane landed in Seattle for a connecting flight at 10.40pm my connecting flight left at 11.00pm. Though the flight staff announced that all those people who needed to get on connecting flights be let off the plane first none of the passengers complied when we landed. Flight staff did nothing to ensure that folks who needed to get connecting flights got to them on time. I ended up at my gate at 10.55pm though flight staff closed the gate anyway no apology no help."
"We flew to Mexico in coach. Both ways they ran out of food and we were at the front of the plane row 8. Trying to get one of the attendants to serve you for a drink is a nightmare. We have flown many times and each time it goes down hill further. Our next flight is in First Class so lets see if it is any better. After reading the reviews I am not holding my breath."
"First Class is an expensive joke. An ageing fleet makes for poor seats and amenities. Food is poor - both legs of our first class trip brought the reality that only some in first class are allowed to order from the menu. For both legs we were given food that was unwanted and in fact inedible."
"YEG-SEA-LAX both flights were considerably disappointing. Food - all I had was a small snack. Drinks were good. Flight Attendants were hit and miss in responding to requests. There was no inflight entertainment. Seats weren't very comfortable with little to no space."
"I filled out everything from seat number to meal preference it turned out to be a waste of time. There is no food other than pricey snacks and the seats assigned at check-in. I was taken back by the lack of free onboard movies instead you have to purchase that too. As well as being turned away from using lavatory in front of airplane - that's reserved for higher paying customers. So not having been on Alaska in sometime I was very disappointed."
"ANC-SFO-PSP-ANC First Class. Flight attendants do not serve first class like first class. It's more like you're time warped back into what Coach used to be like. Drinks on offer before takeoff - tepid water poured out of an open common bottle into a plastic cup. Service after takeoff indifferent. Food not great. Interestingly if you request an alcoholic drink they bring you two mini-bottles of the alcohol but don't bring you the can of tonic/soda/whatever that goes with it so you can mix it yourself. Planes are exceedingly loud with announcements from FAs but if the pilot speaks you can't hear a word. Between that and the thin rocky seats make sure you pack your ibuprofen."
"I flew 6 hrs from Seattle to Kona on a full flight. The only toilets for economy were at the back of the plane. Being only one narrow aisle there was continual crowding and congestion up the aisle near the toilets. It was particularly bad for passengers in the back rows because they had people in the aisle crowding them the whole flight. We were not allowed to use the first class facilities at the front even though a couple of people did go through. An other annoyance was the frequency and volume of announcements. Please let us have some peace and quiet! We noticed the contrast with Hawaiian Airlines which was so tranquil and relaxing with no loud publicity of special deals and unnecessary announcements of impending drinks trolley."
"On return flight from Maui we sat in the first row behind 1st class. My wife needed to use the restroom and must use a crutch to walk so she went forward to 1st class. I went to the back but was blocked by 10 people in line who were blocked by the serving cart so I returned to the front. My wife had returned to her seat and another lady was going through the door so I waited. Then a lady attendant seeing me waiting told me I must go to the rear. I explained that the aisle was blocked by the serving cart she insisted I go back which I did. After the long wait on the serving cart I finally reached the restroom. When I returned to my seat the man in the aisle next to me asked why I went back. He said while I was gone 3 people had passed him and used the front bath room without any harassment. I realized that this restroom is intended for First Class but at the same time a little reasonable attitude and common sense by the attendant would be appreciated."
"Flew nonstop Oakland to Kona. Its a much smaller plane than Hawaiian or United for example but seat size is the same. However there are no movies and music they will rent you small hand held pads. They only use one food cart in coach so if you are at the back you will wait over 1 hr after service starts. Food is reasonably priced. Staff are nice and helpful if you know what to expect its fine."
"The airline did got us to the destination however they re-assigned our seats upon check-in - to the lavatory row. I paid full fair for these tickets and spent 6.5 hrs with people standing next to us. When I asked to have my family back in their original seats I was told there was an equipment change. Apparently the computer runs the airline. The computer reassigned the seats and there is nothing a human can do to rectify the situation."
"Puerto Vallarta from Los Angeles. Its only a 3 hr flight. We paid full price First Class not upgrades. First Class it was not. Besides the 737-400 being old and tired my seat was broken both ways. Seat pitch is the tightest I've ever experienced it was impossible to get up with the seat in front reclined. Food was awful there were zero amenities and pre-flight beverage service was water. I had to wait behind coach passengers to use the lavatory both ways despite the announcements alerting passengers about the usage of the front lavatory. The one bright spot was the use of their Board Room Lounge at LAX. Its very nice wonderful staff and plenty of amenities. Alaska needs to upgrade their First Class or go ahead and rip out the four abreast seats up front."
"SEA to LAX. We were seated in first class row 1. When we tried to stow our carry on bags the crew had their stuff in our overhead. This forced us to use the overhead behind us which held those people's bags. Plus we got dirty looks from them. The same happened our return trip. We were appalled when coach customers lined up to use the 1st class restroom - why don't the attendants stop the coach from using the 1st restroom. When we pay for first class tickets we are paying for these \"Perks\" or so we thought. It is not our job to tell coach people the rules. It is Alaska Air's job to enforce them."
"We flew to Maui from PDX return - flight over was great the flight back seemed to be on a different airline. The attendants were rude and had no desire to accommodate even a very simple request. Also we paid for our bags going both ways and were only supposed to pay going one way that was an extra 40 bucks. We could have just carried them on like so many others. We paid the 14 bucks for a digiplayer but the headphone quality was so bad we couldn't hear anything. We were finally watching a movie that was very old not a new release as advertised but with 15 minutes left in flight and 5 minutes of the movie they took it away. Overall the return flight was a very inattentive and miserable looking crew."
"Flew first class from Seattle-Chicago this week and was shocked at the poor cabin service. Cabin crew were ambivalent and made us feel unwelcome. The lunch offering - a bowl of soup a bread roll and salad - was very meagre. A very disappointing experience."
"Los Angeles-Vancouver on 737-400. Attempted check-in at kiosk but unless you have a US or Canadian passport you need to check-in at the counter. Staff neither rude nor friendly just robotic. Boarding a bit chaotic as passengers push aboard to hog overhead lockers with their gigantic carry-on bags. Was greeted at the door by a flight attendant's back. I said \"hello\" but no response. Proceeded through first class and waited patiently while passengers blocked the aisle stowing their carry-ons. I was happy to wait however a flight attendant shoves her hand in my face and shouts \"wait right there!\" I wasn't even moving! Walked past the first two rows of economy and noticed that they were smashed to pieces with a sign hanging that said \"do not use\". Not a good look. Airplane was totally full and the interior was showing it's age. Drinks and food for purchase served by frowning unenthusiastic cabin crew. Flight arrived on time baggage delivery fast. In the end they get you where you're going but like most North American based carriers staff are rude and unfriendly."
"We paid to fly First Class from Portland to Hawaii. Seats aren't much better than coach little leg room and hard seats. Inattentive flight attendants. No welcome drink prior to take off and the cabin was served drinks before we got ours. We used the call button and were told our FA was busy preparing our breakfast. Breakfast was fine. Digiplayer didn't have much of interest to offer. FA's disappeared after breakfast and were gabbing away. We rang again for another drink after about an hour and were ignored. Rang again and were berated for abusing the call button. Will never fly Alaska first class again stick with Hawaiian."
"SEA-LIH-SEA. Flight out was OK. We were allowed to sit in our assigned seats. Hard to sleep because of numerous really loud announcements about buying food joining the frequent flier club signing up for a credit card renting a video player etc. Flight back was bad. When we checked in online the day before our return flight we discovered that Alaska had changed our seats from our nice aisle seats to poor ones. When we called we were told that it was too late to do anything; we should take care of it at the airport. That we had written confirmations of our seats which we had repeatedly reconfirmed meant nothing. At the airport check-in line we were told we had to go to the gate. At the gate we were told it was too late to do anything. The gate agent was apologetic but said \"it happens all the time.\" Everyone we talked to basically said \"I don't know why this happened. We are very customer oriented. I can't help you.\" Flight back was notable for the sleep robbing announcements to sell the same stuff. Does an airline have to wake everyone up to find out how many are flying on miles so they can sell more credit cards? Couldn't sleep much anyway; seat didn't recline."
"First class Seat 4D on Seattle/Chicago run was horrible coming and going. Like sitting on a concrete bench. Not acceptable for First or Business Class. Also what's with the Board Room restrictions? I suffered a 6-hour delay at O'Hare but American (partner in the lounge) would not let me use the lounge without a Board Room card. With a delay of any length they should give complimentary day passes to premium customers. On the plus side Alaska cabin crews are the nicest in the business and food is really good."
"ANC-SEA-SFO-SEA-ANC First Class. Outbound uneventful and reasonably good service in First. Back was another story. Surly male flight attendant who was uninterested in serving in First Class. No service for the first 90 minutes of the flight. Service when it appeared was lackadaisical at best. No refills of drinks. Flight crew sat in jumpseats ignoring passengers (including me) who were trying to use restroom. Restroom appeared occupied for long period of time. Turned out the flight crew just couldn't be bothered to turn off the \"locked\" sign for about two hours of a three hour and 20 minute flight. I am looking forward to competition in the Alaska market arriving this summer."
"Returned on Alaska Airlines from Kauai HI. We had barely left the ground and it was announced \"no fresh fruit\" - yesterday's only. Then midway through the flight we heard \"the system is out of water. There will be no more water to drink and please try not to use the toilets unless necessary - who goes into an airline bathroom unless it is necessary? I am only guessing but I think that if there was no time to get fresh fruit on board or enough water to last the flight perhaps the preventive maintenance wasn't done either. No apologies for lack of supplies and of course no coupon for future use."
"LAX-PDX roundtrip. Service on this trip was better than the last few times I've flown this airline - in other words it went from dreadful to mediocre. Flights were on time and the interior was comfortable enough but inflight service was perfunctory and cold. At least this time I was spared the flight delays dirty cabins mishandled baggage and pitiful customer service I've come to expect of Alaska Airlines."
"Seattle to Kelowna BC and the boarding procedure was chaotic. They boarded three flights at the same time through a single gate. Upon arrival at the aircraft boarding zone there was no clear designation on which flight was which. As a result many passengers boarded the wrong aircraft and had to change planes shortly before departure. The same system applied to loading luggage which of course ended up being lost. At my destination I was told to expect a call from the central luggage department but this never happened. I called and got different versions on the status of my luggage: the first agent said it would be here on the afternoon flight the second agent said it had been scheduled but they were not sure whether it had arrived or not and the third yet most unprofessional representative Linda simply hung up when I asked her if anyone could guarantee that my luggage would be sent on a specific flight. It's sad to see such substandard logistics management for Alaska Air because the in-flight service was outstanding. Undoubtedly I will be sure to avoid this airline on my next trip to Canada."
"LAX-BLI one way combination of Alaska and Horizon Air. This flight was better than my other experiences on Alaska/Horizon which isn't saying much. Nothing went wrong but the fare was higher than its competitor Allegiant Air and the onboard service and seating were poor. The unionised drone cabin crew couldn't care less about the customer. Horizon Air's DHC-8-400 props are noisy and uncomfortable. Allegiant Air despite their very inconvenient scheduling offers better service and better value for the money."
"Vancouver to Portland on Horizon (Alaska Air's partner for the short hops on puddle jumper planes in the Northwest) on a Q400. Check-in went well with assurances that the flight was on time. Then once aboard our plane we sat and we sat at the gate until the pilot informed us that there was a mechanical problem. The passengers were allowed to return to the gate and await the problem's resolution a two-hour delay on a one-hour flight. Although the crew thanked us for our \"incredible patience\" no compensation of any kind was offered! Upon arrival in Portland I sought out a gate agent requesting compensation. She helpfully offered me a $50 travel voucher or 2000 mileage plan credit. The moral of this story-always ask for compensation even if not offered up front."
