"x"
"Verified Review | Redmond to Denver. I wanted to acknowledge the outstanding assistance I received from a booking agent of the Alaska Air Seattle, WA. office in making last minute reservations for two separate trips I was planning to take. The agent patiently walked me through the process to book a flight from Redmond, OR to Denver, CO. on October 3rd, 2017. She also assisted me in booking a flight for my wife and I round trip from Portland, OR to Fort Myers, FL departing on April 24th, 2018 and returning May 19th, 2018. She was friendly and polite throughout our entire contact and serves as a great representative to Alaska Airlines which is why I continue to choose Alaska AL whenever available."
"Verified Review | Portland to Santa Barbara. I had a wonderful trip. Got in early and just perfect. On my way home had a rather interesting trip. First our plane was late. Arrived at PDX alniatcan hour late. Then had maintenance issues, somleft Oregon line an hour late. Everything seemed fine, but then just as we were going to be landing in Santa Barbara, tee were diverted to Fresno for sone issue with a stabilizer and needed a longer runway. I was a bit freaked, but we landed safely in Fresno. All were taken off the plane, and were in Fresno for about an hour. Were given food vouchers and snacks. Thankfully it turned out it was not a stabilizer, but the computer and plane were not synched correctly and was easily fixed. We were in Santa Barbara after this in a half hour. I think the flight crew were wonderful as was the pilot and co pilot. Our safety was number 1, and to me that means a great deal. Would fly Alaska again and feel secure with them."
"Verified Review | The gross difference in cost for a first class ticket from Portland to Kansas City was around $314. $554 for first class, $240 for economy. Savings of $50 for 2 checked bags, around $10 (I think) for the hot meal, $7 each per drink, snack. Net difference is around $247, or $124 each 3 hr 30 min leg. FC ticket allows use of AL lounge at PDX (none at MCI), which was OK. FC cabin has 12 comfortable seats with power outlets and dedicated flight attendant. Free Gogoinflight service is barely satisfactory. Service, food and drinks were all good on both legs. Excellent FC check in service at both ends. Boarding / exiting first with ample overhead bins is nice. Question is: Would I fly FC again to this destination? Frankly, it's a toss up."
"Verified Review | Redmond to Reno via Portland. I've had a lot of good experiences with AlaskaAir, but this trip was not a good one. Two hours before the flight, I get an e-mail saying \"Sorry, your flight has been canceled.\" However, the e-mail, ios app, and online all showed the same exact itinerary. It wasn't until I arrived at Portland did everything update to show that my PDX-RNO flight was completely canceled. I was auto-booked for a flight the next day. Not only is that terrible, but the lady at the counter was able to fit me into the last seat on a flight that afternoon, which means the auto-booking system isn't helpful. I had to sit in Portland twiddling my thumbs for 8 hours, and it was awful. Here's the redeeming qualities of Alaska Airlines, the rep gave me some vouchers for food and snacks, and discount codes for my next booking. Not a worthy trade to me, but at least they were apologetic and tried to remedy the situation as best they could. Like I said, this was my only bad experience with Alaska so I won't swear them off for that. Except for the flight attendant that skipped over me for a drink. That was annoying."
"Verified Review | Alaska Airlines flight from Redmond to Portland, and was then headed to Oslo, Norway after that. I only checked my luggage to Portland and thought I had to get it and check it again. A very nice lady checked the possibilities to check my luggage all the way, and I did not even ask for it. I did not have my flight numbers ready but she just fixed it all for me and was so very helpful. Great service."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Seattle. Phenomenal service, excellent food. This is my first time flying Alaska, and I chose them because they're partners with Virgin, it was my best flight in a quite a while. This plane was older and the interior was showing wear, so I was a little concerned about what to expect - worry not, you're in for a top notch experience with Alaska Airlines. Service was super friendly and attentive, meals were designed by Seattle chef Tom Douglas (I skipped the entree & dessert, so I can't comment on that) but the salad was very nice, dinner smelled wonderful (pesto), dessert was gorgeous, and the beverages never stopped flowing. I've read reviews that Alaska's first class chairs are uncomfortable due to pitch, I didn't find this to be the case - I found them very comfy, but this was only a 4-5 hour flight. The only slight negative was I had planned to work in-flight and the barely there internet connection made that impossible - they use GoGo and it runs $24 for an in flight pass. I'm not sure if the wifi problems were a GoGo issue, a hardware issue, or due to some other factor. I didn't mind though, it was nice to take a break and enjoy some on board entertainment. Even better - the cost for this first class nonstop flight was only around $100 more than the next best option - an economy carrier with seating headaches, no meal service, and connections amounting to twice the travel time! Alaska Airlines - my new favorite carrier!."
"Verified Review | My first experience with Alaska Airlines flying from Portland to San Francisco. Not happy with ground staff who charged me 75 dollars for a slightly overweight check-in luggage. I was travelling with a First class ticket and with my baby. On board, cabin crew were all very nice. The purser provided us with an outstanding service. It was highly appreciated specially as I was travelling with a very young baby."
"Verified Review | Bozeman to Anchorage via Portland / Seattle. I'm blown away at how far this company has gone to help me get home. My booking agent took me on a wild ride with a 6 hour layover in Portland and a 11 hour layover in Seattle. When checking my bag the agent said no this won't do we can't do this to you and told me to speak with my gate agent for help. As busy as my gate agent was she worked with 3 others to get my flight from Seattle to Anchorage bumped up shortening my layover. They told me to get on standby in Portland asap to avoid this 6 hour layover. On Memorial Day I got the last seat. I'm heading to Seattle 5 hours early and might get home to my dogs tonight if standby works in Seattle. I want to thank the outstanding Alaskan Airlines team for helping me get home the quickest most affordable way possible. Customer for life."
"Verified Review | A direct return flight to Seattle from Boston. Both ways were on time, which is generally regarded as mission impossible in the Boston Logan airport - no idea how they manage to pull it. The return flight landed half an hour early which was very much appreciated, considering that it was almost midnight. Alaska guarantees that the bags are delivered to the carousel 20 minutes from the moment the disembarkation starts, both times it was faster than that. Drinks were served 3 times during the 5 and half hour flight. The selection of meals for purchase was generally so so, but no demerit points for that since it's expected of all airlines. They did give a free cookie. Ample space between seats. The wifi was sluggish at times, but the entertainment package was fine. The crew were efficient and polite. But it's the service that made me write the review making sure the airline gets a deserved praise. After the outbound flight, our bag was nowhere to be found. We filed a report while a very patient and nice customer service lady told us what may be happening. She also said that the bag may arrive while we are filing the report as it may have been misdirected elsewhere in the airport. This is exactly what happened. Her apologetic and helpful attitude was already compensating for the inconvenience. However, we were given $50 discount off the next flight. On the flight back, something started dripping on me from above. It turned out some kind of saline solution from another passenger's bag (makes me happy that they prohibit carrying acids and dangerous chemicals!). The crew rushed with napkins, cleaned everything up, made sure the dripping stopped within minutes, and we got all the alcohol and the food for free. This is how the airline service is meant to be. Well done, Alaska!"
"Verified Review | We flew from Detroit to Seattle to Oakland and then finally to Maui, all flights were Alaska Airlines and I was very impressed. I am one of those people that are afraid of flying but never once did I feel unsafe. The flight attendants were very friendly and accommodating. The only complaint I would have is probably the same for all airlines, it is just so cramped and when flying 5 hours becomes very uncomfortable. I will definitely recommend Alaska Air to anyone looking for a great airline."
"Unverified | Anchorage to Portland. Another great experience on the best airline in the Pacific NW if not the USA. The flight down to Portland was just great, a redeye. I sat with two other Veterans so we were able to spend some time comparing our service activities, places, people and things. The flight was as good as could be hoped for - clean plane, wonderful crew and on time to boot! The flight to Chicago was perfect in all respects. I was moved to First and sat next to a young lady who works for Alaska. We spoke about a number of subjects and I inquired about her time with the airline. She said she is very pleased to be with them in the reservations department. I told her I am a Gold member and really enjoy the flights I have had these past seven years. I spoke with two of the flight attendants and thanked them for their obvious hard work and great attitudes. Again, the flight was smooth, great service and fine food. I could not have asked for more!"
"Verified Review | Albuquerque to Portland via Seattle. Surprisingly awesome. Really nice employees on and off the plane, timely, great landing, option to check carry on bags for free when the flight was full, preassigned seats, relaxed boarding, free texting and entertainment via gogoinflight, and good cookies."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Victoria. In these days of poor airline customer service, Alaska Airlines is a standout! Our 11:20pm flight from Seattle to Victoria had to be cancelled due to maintenance issues. As soon as they informed passengers about the cancellation, they already had a plan in place - everyone was a accommodated in hotels & vouchers given for food. No waiting around, no fuss! Thank you Alaska Airlines!"
"Verified Review | Los Cabos to San Francisco. Alaska Airlines is a great airline overall. Their service and staff, flight attendants are very nice and helpful. Entertainment can be good depending on which aircraft you go on. If you are on a flight longer than 3.5 hours, then you can rent their entertainment tablet for around $8 or $10. This includes free movies and games. If your flight is under that, then bring your own device and download the Gogo app before departing. You will be able to watch free movies if your airline has wifi. It's great that they have power outlets. Wifi is expensive at $16. You don't have to purchase wifi in order to watch entertainment on your device. The seats are a little smaller than some airlines and not the most comfortable. But they do recline pretty far back. It will be interesting to see what happens when Virgin America merges with Alaska Airlines."
"Unverified | My wife and I recently flew to Kona, HI from Anchorage, AK. Prior to boarding we took in the Alaska Boardroom and enjoyed our time there. We flew in the Premium Economy section and had no complaints. The food was fine as was the service. The aircraft was clean and the flight was smooth. Upon landing in Kona we went to pick up our bags but as luck would have it, ours and 40 other folks did not have any! As it turned out, these bags were left in Anchorage. Something to do with weight, headwinds or whatever. This was not something that we expected and we were not pleased but Alaska did try to meet our needs somewhat. We were offered either a coupon for $100 off a future ticket or 4 thousand miles on our Mileage Plan. I took the miles as did my wife. Our luggage was delivered the next afternoon. There were some folks who were quite upset over this and I felt bad for the employees having to try to meet their needs. Our stay in Kona was not good due to sickness for the entire 11 days but I must say it was a beautiful place, we plan to return and stay where we were this time. Kona is not a bad place to be sick I must admit! Our return trip went through Seattle and again we were in P/E section. Everything was fine, again a great crew, clean plane and wonderful service. We had a short time in SEA and then off to Anchorage. No problems encountered onboard. This plane had not been upgraded with the Premium section but we were fine. All in all, things were fine."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Newark. When I first got to the airport, I saw a 90 minute delay. I wasn't that happy, but Alaska Airlines kept us informed and boarded us as quickly as possible. Soon after the plane took off, they began the service. The snacks were good and they came around with drinks three times during the flight. I ordered one of their Signature fruit and cheese platters and I was shocked about how good it was. The flight attendants were really kind and friendly and seemed like that they loved their jobs. One thing I wasn't too happy about was that their IFE had a limited selection of programs and that you had to download this terrible app to use it. The flight was 4 hours and 19 minutes and would absolutely fly with them again."
"Unverified | Seattle to Ronald Reagan Washington Airport. Comfortable, clean, on time, great FAs. A direct service to Washington DCA Airport so short taxi ride to Capitol. Just a nice travel experience as always. Boardroom at Seattle is falling below the standards now set by the Amex Centurion lounge and the new Delta lounge - but no big deal."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Fairbanks. Outstanding customer service as always. Final leg of my flight from Tucson, AZ to Fairbanks, AK. Previous flights were with American Airlines who across the board were not very helpful. What set Alaska Airlines apart from the rest is their ability to tell customers what they can do, verses reiterating what they can't do. Alaska Airlines is flexible and values their flyers!"
"Verified Review | San Jose to Vancouver via Seattle. The Alaska Airlines agent was amazing! Our flight was cancelled and she went above and beyond to rebook us and get a direct flight to Vancouver from San Fran. She could have easily brushed us off but chose to go the extra mile to make sure our vacation wasn't disrupted. We will definitely book with Alaska Airlines in the future. Thanks so much!"
"Verified Review | This was a round trip from Philadelphia to Seattle and back with Alaska Airlines. It's my first time traveling domestically in US. I usually travel internationally and first time with Alaska Airlines. It was really nice service and airplanes were near new. Especially the B737-900. More leg room and inflight entertainment wifi was really nice. Cabin crew are great. Really friendly."
"Verified Review | This was a round trip from Philadelphia to Seattle and back. Its my first time traveling domestically in US. I usually travel internationally, and my first time in Alaska airlines. It was really nice service and airplanes were near new. Especially Boeing 737-900. More leg room and inflight entertainment wifi was really nice. Cabin crew are really great. Really friendly. One thing I noticed that stands out really well is the appearance. They all look natural than over made up, which is really pleasing."
"Verified Review | Eugene to Seattle. Flight was slightly delayed due to late arriving aircraft. Ground staff was very friendly but had to correct their own announcements. I am not sure if it was because they were nervous, but it seemed strange that they couldn't simply explain the new takeoff time in a simple and straightforward manner. I hate to dwell on this, however, as everything else went off without a hitch. No drink or snack service due to bumpy weather conditions."
"Verified Review | Spokane to Portland. Alaska Airlines tends to provide pretty consistent service, but I have become more dissatisfied by their service. My wife and I had to commute from Spokane to Portland to get to work. The night before there was some snow but by the time we were going to leave it was clear. So like a typical there needs to be clearing of the runways, de-icing of the planes, etc., but it appeared that not only did they not take care of this prior to us boarding, but as we were boarding they still told us that we were leaving on time. Even after sitting on the plane 25 minutes after we were supposed to leave, we were finally told we were going to have to pull out on the side of the runway and wait another 40 minutes to de-ice and wait for the plane's oil to warm up. I understand that all these things need to happen and sometimes there's issues, it's just the poor preparation and the lack of communication that makes this service dissatisfying. We will continue to use Alaska Airlines as the have the best routes in the NW, but we will consider other airlines for non-NW travel."
"Returned very recently from a return trip to Nashville due to my father in laws passing. All trips were on Alaska Air. The trip down from Anchorage was with my wife and son and we picked up our daughter in Seattle. The next flight was to Nashville and we were in the new Premium Economy seats. Plenty of legroom, great service as usual and we were on time. After the service, we stayed in the Montgomery area for a few days visiting with family and tried to catch up on some sleep. We departed for our return to the Greatland on Christmas and needless to say things were pretty quiet at the three airports we were at. Again we were in Prem Economy and had no complaints at all. There were some bumps along the way to Seattle due to the weather systems but this occurs every once in awhile. Our daughter left us in SEA and my son and I were pleased to see we were bumped up to first for our trip to Anchorage. Our captain came on the intercom and thanked us for flying with he and his great crew. I would say that our flights on Alaska were fine all in all, nothing to complain about. The passengers and the crews who served us all seemed to be in the Christmas mood and this was helpful. Thanks Alaska once again for reminding us how flying should be in todays' world!"
"Verified Review | I just returned last night from a roundtrip from Phoenix to Seattle on Alaska Air for the first time. I have flown a lot on many airlines and I have to say, I will definitely fly Alaska everytime I can. I felt like I was launched back to the 80s and 90s when it seemed airlines really cared about their passengers. I can't say enough about the quality of the crew aboard each airplane. Remember the old days when you were told several times during the flight what was going on? Last night we experience turbulence on the flight and the captain announced to us more than once that it was going to be intermittent throughout the flight and why, jet stream winds that we were going through and not to worry as it would not get worse than what we were experiencing. He was very reassuring and kind. Also, when do you have the cockpit crew stand with the flight attendants as you are leaving the cabin to greet passengers? Extremely impressed! The absolute only negative is that the planes are a little old and the seats are not that comfortable, but each seat has an electrical plug and there is wifi on the airplane. I will definitely fly Alaska again. Also, we went into the Alaska Club in Seattle and were greeted warmly as we asked a few questions about becoming club member. The lades were wonderful and couldn't have been more helpful. I look forward to flying Alaska airlines again soon."
"Just returned early this morning from a return to the Greatland with my wife from Nashville. Our original plan was to get back up here and leave in two days to Kona however life intervened and we now have to depart tomorrow back to Nashville due to the passing of her father. I was on the phone for over an hour dealing with an agent from Boise who was fantastic! She rebooked our Kona trip to March and got my wife, son and I out tomorrow evening to Seattle where we meet our daughter and then all of us to Nashville. The service this company provides is outstanding. Our flight out of Nashville eventually was fine as we were stuck on I-65 for three hours due to a huge wreck. We cut it a bit close but got out ok. The pilot reported that headwinds were going to be getting us in to SEA about 15-20 minutes late. This was not good to hear but we got down and they held the ANC flight for my wife and I and three others. I was very pleased. We got off the deck about 10 minutes late but arrived ontime in ANC. The planes were fine, clean etc. The food was good and the service was great. I thanked every employee who assisted us along our strange, winding road. Alaska Airlines, Thank You!"
"Anchorage to Nashville via Seattle. Once again I found myself flying with Alaska Airlines best. When I went to check in at the counter at Anchorage I was informed that my flight to Nashville was cancelled out of SeaTac. I had heard about some weather related problems which could possibly affect Alaska's flight operations there. I told the employee it was no issue as I could spent the night at the wonderful USO there. The flight was great - gracious crew, on time, clean plane etc. It was a redeye so we arrived at about 4:45 AM. I looked around and found no snow anywhere. I asked at customer service about this issue and was told that about 30 of their flight were affected. I asked why were other airlines apparently not affected and she had no idea. I was offered a coupon to stay locally but said no thanks and spent the next 26 hours at the USO, watching tv, talking with the folks and the great staff. The flight out to Nashville was fine with another wonderful crew. I had the BBQ sandwich and a beer. All in all this was good. I did note quite a few others on the flight were stuck in SEA overnight like I was. Other than holding folks up for 24 hours in SEA it appeared to be taken in stride. I will say that more than a few of us found the weather excuse to be somewhat strange though. Operations at other airlines were slowed down somewhat due to having to de-ice but no cancellations other than Alaska."
"Verified Review | Dallas DFW to Seattle with Alaska Airlines. I was worried about moving at 70 and transporting my old dogs from Texas to Washington. They had to go in cargo. I did a lot of research before choosing Alaska Airlines. From the ticket agent to the pet crate exam to leaving my pets to the greeting on the plane to the confirmation they were loaded and the meal I had. I could not have asked for anything better. Will fly Alaska wherever possible."
"Bellingham to Houston IAH with Alaska Airlines. I have flown a lot in the past few years. I have used at least 15 airlines worldwide on these trips. Alaska Airlines is the only airline I can count on when it comes courtesy, timing, upgrades, inflight quality, scheduling, mileage plan, helpfulness, cost, efficiency, and just an overall best experience. If they flew everywhere I needed to go, I wouldn't ever use another airline."
"Anchorage to Nashville via Seattle. Another great trip with Alaska Airlines. The flight down to SEA was on their Combi 400 the cargo / passenger plane. Nice flight with a great seatmate. Arrival was early as it was a redeye. Spent some quality time at the Boardroom as I usually do - no issues there. I was bumped up to First on the leg to BNA. The crew and service was great, no problems noted. I arrived on time and thanked the crewmembers for the great service. The return to ANC was a bit unusual for me this time as I flew to SEA spent the night and then departed the next morning. The flight began about 30 minutes late due to storm issues in Seattle which caused some backup in the system but it was no problem on my end. The flight was quite bumpy in parts but no problems. The service was great as was the food. Arriving in SEA I slepped over to the fine USO located there and spent the evening talking with the outstanding staff and various Soldiers, Sailors, Marines and Airmen who were enjoying the hospitality as I was. I got to my 8:30 AM flight and had the pleasure of sitting next to a fine Alaska attendant who was heading back to the Greatland. As I was departing the aircraft in ANC she noticed my wallet which had departed my pocket somehow and got it back to me. My only issue was at baggage claim. I watched the clock countdown and my bag got there in 21 minutes. As this was not the 20 minutes they strive for I grabbed my bag and went to get my 2500 miles added to my account. The young lady working there said they had made it as they did not go by the time which was at the claim area they go by another clock apparently which us passengers are not aware of. The lady in front of me was not pleased and neither was I. I told her as a Gold member this was the first time I had run into this issue and it sort of sounded like false advertising. I decided to not raise hell as I was tired and needed to get on the road home. All in all, the flights, planes and crews were great and I was pleased to be in Alaska Country again!"
"Verified Review | Our international flight into SFO had been delayed and arrived too late to connect to our flight to Portland. As the Alaska Airlines flight had been booked separately, I expected no sympathy from them. To my delight, they were very sympathetic and understanding. They tried to get us on the next available flight, but in the end we had to take the last flight of the day. All the same, we were extremely grateful to arrive in PDX on the day we had planned. The desk staff should be congratulated for their efficiency and courtesy; not the mention the flight itself was very pleasant, too."
"San Diego to Seattle. Alaska is the airline I choose whenever possible. Employees are, overall, friendly and helpful each time I have flown. I'm not pleased to pay for luggage, however. If I check my bag there is a $25 fee. If I take my bag to the plane, I'm offered the option of a \"courtesy check\" because the flight is full - there is no cost for this service. On my recent outgoing flight, I was offered the courtesy check online when I checked in to print my boarding pass. On the return flight, I was not offered this option and was required to pay the $25. Please go back to free first checked bag to provide equity for all passengers and to keep the overhead bins from being so full."
"Once again flew what has become my favorite airline to Las Vegas from Anchorage, via Seattle. The flight down was a redeye but who cares? I had a great seatmate and we talked about many things to pass some of the time. Upon landing in Seattle I grabbed a coffee and waited for my daughter who was going with me. This would be our third trip to Sin City this year. I was bumped up to First Class on this leg and once again the service was great, nothing to complain about. Our stay in Vegas was fun, after eating well and losing some dough, it was time to return home. The flight to Seattle departed an hour late due to ATC issues in Seattle but it was great as I was able to catch my connection to Anchorage w/o a hitch. Bumped to First again (I am getting used to this!). Great crew, service and attitude. I thanked them as I always try to do for their wonderful service. Keep it up Alaska Airlines."
"Phoenix to Seattle. Alaska Airlines flights are normally ok. Slowest website I have ever seen. I acquired a Alaska visa card 2 months ago with the 30,000 miles offer. I was supposed to spend $1000 within 90 days to get the miles. Have spent in excess of $2,000 and no mileage credit yet. If you can contact them they will blame Bank of America who will in turn say they only provide information to Alaska on the \"billing cycle\" so if that does not come around before 90 days I do not get the bonus mileage. I have a mileage account with a credit union and purchases are posted within a week. Will discontinue the card if not straightened out soon. Cannot believe a major airline has a website this slow and hard to navigate."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying Alaska Airlines and I was happily surprised by the good service flying from Tampa to Seattle. I was offered free drinks twice and got free pretzels. All the staff were nice and when my carry on bag didn't fit in the stowage area, the steward checked it in for me free. It was a pleasant flight - free charging, free wifi and $10 entertainment tablet rental (which was worth it in my opinion). Great airline."
"Verified Review | Had a very comfortable flight with Alaska Airlines from Anchorage to Seattle. The staff were helpful and polite. The pilot gave a great commentary about the sights from the plane although it was often hard to hear him. Food and service were excellent. Seat was comfortable and we left Anchorage on time. Would highly recommend."
"Verified Review | Oakland, California to Honolulu, Hawaii. Great service from the wonderful crew, who provided excellent service from the pre-flight safety instructions, to the cocktail service, to the meals and entertainment. I would happily recommend this airline to others and can't wait to fly first class in Alaska Airlines next time I travel. Travel with my handicapped mother was not a problem as the airport staff meet her with a wheelchair and helped with all of our luggage and travel arrangements to the hotel. Thanks Alaska!"
"Verified Review | Albuquerque to Seattle return, Boeing 737-900. First Class. My new favorite airline in the US. Great experience. New aircraft. Very comfortable seating, we were in row 2. The service on board was excellent both ways. They serve actual, hot food on proper crockery with real cutlery. Chicken with rice to Seattle and a Tortellini to Albuquerque. Flight deck would announce points of interest and of course, they did a great job in getting us there and back safely. The Wi-Fi on board worked very well. I would rate Alaska Airlines as the best airline in the US for domestic travel."
"AS 3380, Portland - San Jose, operated by Skywest. Check in at PDX was extremely smooth and efficient, so we had an hour to spare before boarding. Boarding was out of the cramped concourse A and began 10 minutes late with no explanation. Once aboard, the E175 was in good condition and was extremely spacious, even more so than the 737 on the outbound flight, although the overhead bins were small. A weight balance issue resulted in several passengers in the last few rows having to move forward, this took a while as FA's had to recruit volunteers and people were stubborn. Fortunately, we still managed to push back within 15 minutes of scheduled departure and were airborne after a short taxi. Cabin crew were nice, but they could have managed the timing of the short flight better. They spent the first half of the flight chatting in the galley. A small snack with the beverage was a nice touch, but it didn't start until halfway through the flight. Literally right after they finished the beverage service, a flight attendant came through with a trash bag when most people were not even finished, so most had to sit with trash on their traytables while the FA's resumed chatting in the galley. They had more than enough time to get the service done as the FA's on the outbound leg easily served an aircraft twice the size and we still had 20 minutes after the service during cruise. Finally, during final approach, they realized we needed them to collect the rubbish and did so. We landed in San Jose 20 minutes ahead of schedule, and they made sure to brag about Alaska's on-time performance flightstats award. Overall, AS will get you from Point A to B reliably with decent crew and good value, but they shouldn't sell themselves as a major legacy airline when they are really just a decent budget airline. While AS is certainly not bad, I usually try to book with Jetblue or Virgin America due to their combination of a low fare with great service. In summary, I recommend AS for shorter flights, but beware for transcons or Hawaii."
"Edmonton to Los Angeles via Seatlle. I found Alaska Airlines to be fairly average, snacks were provided on short flights, baggage allowance was ok, inflight selection of movies was good, cabin crew were decent, the flight arrived on time and the same is true for the for the arrival time."
"Verified Review | My husband and I flew Alaska Airlines from Seattle to Juneau. We were upgraded to the first class because of my husband's frequent flyer's status. There was one main flight attendant (assisted by another occasionally). Staff member was awesome. PA announcements were serious and yet funny so much so I actually paid attention. Service was attentive, sociable and friendly. The food was great. I had been impressed with Alaska Airlines and their services, and still am."
"San Jose - Portland, AS 405. Check in at SJC was a bit chaotic as there was little signage or explanation of the procedure for those who had checked in online. This created a mass of confused people looking for the bag drop. Once past security, the gate agent proceeded to yell all of the boarding groups instead of just using the PA. This was a bit bizarre since she used it for a couple of other announcements. Although old, the B737-400 was in decent condition for its age. Only issue in that respect was that my armrest was loose. Seat pitch was reasonable for someone who is 6'0\", especially considering the short duration of flight. We departed on time, but the aircraft PA volume was so low that passengers could barely hear announcements. Cabin crew also failed to enforce important safety regulations such as windowshades being drawn up for takeoff and landing. (So that people can easily see out in case of an evacuation). However, they did manage the short flight time extremely well regarding the beverage service. They all were extremely polite and genuine. This genuine caring among its cabin crews is one of Alaska's major strengths. We landed on time in PDX with the 20-minute baggage guarentee being met. Overall a nice short hop. Only improvements: better safety training for employees and they should expedite the replacement of such old planes."
"Well, spoiled again from Alaska Airlines. Flew out at 12.15am to Seattle in First (bumped up). Had a nice flight, crew were wonderful, plane clean, great service. Everything was fine overall, a few bumps in the air but that occurs every now and then. In SEA a few minutes early but so what, I had a four hour layover until my flight to Raleigh so I headed over to the Boardroom and was there when they opened up. Nice place to relax and chill. The experience was great. My next flight to Raleigh again was up in First and I enjoyed it completely. Our attendant was great as was the food. The pilot was quite outgoing and kept us up to date as to where we were and how soon we would land etc. There were quite a few thunder-boomers in the area so we got to dance around them for a while. I found it enjoyable but that was not to everyone's liking I could tell. We arrived on-time anyway. I was pretty tired and looked forward to sleep. All in all, a great experience."
"I returned early this past Saturday from my trip to BNA via Seattle. Everything was fine overall. The crews were professional, polite and focused on customer care. The aircraft had no issues in either direction and were clean. The seats were great, 7F in all cases, and I had an enjoyable time talking to my seatmates. Our pilots kept us informed as to where we were and if any bumps were expected. I depart late tonight for RDU via SEA and noticed I have been upgraded to First again. Alaska, you know how to move me!"
"Flew San Jose to Kahului. Great flight. Everyone was helpful, plane was clean and the movie tablets they handed out (for a charge) made the time pass fast. We got our seats all by each other with no problem and boarding the plane went smoothly. Our flight were on time and we would recommend Alaska Airlines."
"Juneau to Anchorage and my first flight with Alaska Airlines - it was excellent. The pilot stood at the front and welcomed everyone and talked about the route. The cabin crew were friendly and even found time to write a list of sights to see for a couple sitting in front of us. Service with a smile. The flight was short just time for a hot drink and biscuit. I will certainly use them again on my next trip to Alaska."
"Verified Review | Flew Anchorage to Las Vegas. This was an overnight flight of 4 and a half hour, plus 2 hours of time zone adjustment so the flight departed at 11.30pm arrived at 5.30am. It was on time. Alaskan Airlines has a good reputation and service attitude was good. Non-alcoholic drinks were served free several times during the flight, while others were available at reasonable cost. The checked bag cost USD25. It would be a good flight were it not due to the aircraft. It must be an early 737 and there was no TV, the seat back doesn't recline, making the 4-hr flight uncomfortable, though seat pitch was good. Overall, I was satisfied with this fight due to good service."
"I flew my favorite airline once again to Las Vegas. My flight to SEA was up in First Class as I was bumped due to my Gold status. The flight departed on time at 5am which was not too fun. The customer care was great as usual though - everyone was a bit on the tired side upon our arrival. I had a couple of hour wait until my next flight, grabbed some coffee and watched the hustle bustle of those around me trying to catch their flights off to different parts of the globe. My flight to LAS departed on time with a great crew. A few bumps here and there but all in all no problems. I met my daughter there who had taken a early flight out of SEA and off we went. While in Vegas we managed to get out and see a show and it was very nice. I would also mention that we used Uber and Lyft while there. I had never used such service before and was very impressed - I also enjoyed saving money too, about 50% of the cab fare! On time out of LAS and early into SEA, and I went to the new Boardroom in the North terminal and had some refreshments, (the soup was great) chatted with some fine Alaskans waiting to catch flights and thanked the folks who work there for their customer service. I departed on my last flight back on time, had perfect service and was recognized by one of the cabin crew who thanked me for continuing to fly on Alaska. I thanked her and mentioned I have two more trips coming up, one to BNA and another to RDU. I cannot wait!"
"As a long time Alaska Airlines customer, I thought it fitting that I should offer some accolades for service well deserving. It has been many years since I started flying Alaska and I have only had stellar service. From the baggage handlers to the Board Room lounge attendants, I have been always treated well. My most recent flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles was no exception - excellent. I do fly internationally several times each month and feel like flying Alaska is like coming home."
"Returned early this morning on Alaska Airlines from Nashville via Seattle. All flights went very well overall. I was upgraded on three of the four flights to First class and enjoyed the comfort, great service and fine food. Our cabin attendant was exceptional, in attitude and service - could not have asked for more. All of the flights were on time or arrived early. The planes were clean, crews were great and things went fine."
"I recently traveled with Alaska Airlines with my ESA and It was so nice that the airline was so accommodating to me and my service animal. From the phone reservation all the way to boarding my plane everything was a smooth transition and I had no problems at all. I also received a larger seating area so that my animal had enough room to lay down and I felt like the space was the perfect amount of space for her. I would definitely use Alaska Airlines again in the future. Everyone was nice, polite and helpful."
"Flew Alaska Airlines down to Las Vegas via Seattle to celebrate my daughters 21st birthday. I met her at SeaTac after flying in from Anchorage. My flight down was fine except for the very rough air 20 minutes north of SEA. The pilot warned us about it and we all did ok. Our next flight was great, plane was clean, service was fine and other than a few bumps all was good. After being up all night, it was great to check in at our hotel/casino and relax. We had a fine couple of days, ate well and returned with most of the money we started with which is always nice. Our return was interesting as I was bumped up to First for both of the flights and my daughter was in coach (to Seattle). I told her she could take my seat but she declined. The flights were once again very nice. No issues at all to complain about. Mostly smooth air, no spilled drinks or food, the crews were professional and hard working. It continues to be an airline that remembers to put customers first in their thoughts and actions. I received my baggage a few minutes after the 20 minute guarantee which was fine. I will take the 2500 miles and add it to my account. Thanks Alaska for your great service, fine planes and crews and attitude!"
"Newark to Seattle with Alaska Airlines, and the flights were perfect. The staff could not do enough for us, and it reminded me of the old days when flying you were treated with respect and kindness. The food was good and the plane was immaculate. Seats were a bit narrow but I sat by the bul head and the leg room was wonderful."
"Seattle to Los Angeles, and this was my first experience flying with Alaska Airlines, and overall it was an excellent experience. The plane was clean and comfortable (it was one of the newest planes in the Alaska Airlines fleet, and our pilot half-jokingly reminded us to keep it clean as a result!), and the flight attendants were great. The inflight entertainment system worked really well with my Android phone (Samsung Galaxy S6), and it was great having chargers with each seat, so that I didn't drain my battery life while watching TV shows or movies during the flight. It's also nice to have a number of free viewing options, along with full WiFi and additional movie/TV show options available (for an extra fee). I have nothing bad to say about my first Alaska Airlines experience, and do plan on flying with them again in the future."
"Excellent service as usual from Seattle to San Diego. Whenever there is an opportunity to fly Alaska we do so even if the fare is not the cheapest because the service experience is always far superior to the other airlines. Virgin America is great too but has limited destinations - so therefore Alaska, together with their mileage program, is always the preference. They were serving a red wine by Browne Vineyards not the usual cheap stuff that other airlines serve - even in international biz class."
"This was my eleventh and final trip this year. As a retired guy I have plenty of time on my hands, so I check out various airline vacation deals. I noticed a great deal to Las Vegas with Alaska Vacations. Departing on Monday, we flew to Portland on a daylight flight. The crew, plane and service was just fine all the way around. Landing at PDX we noticed how much rain the area had been receiving - what a mess. The airport was fine. We were there about an hour before we departed to the land of Lost Wages. The pilot informed us that the climb out may be a bit on the bumpy side and we had to stay at a lower altitude the entire way due to upper level turbulence. It was not bad at all. On our return, our departure flight was to be a bit on the bumpy side but we had been warned of this. Just prior to departing the pilot came out and talked to us about his 26 years of experience with Alaska and how much he, his co-pilot and crew appreciated our flying with them. I have seen this a couple of other times and I was impressed. The flight to SEA was great. Our departing Seattle was expected to be rough and we were informed that we would climb out at a lower altitude for some distance due to expected rough air, not bad though. We were on a new 737-900 which had been in service for about six weeks, still had the new plane smell. Everything worked great - the service, the food, our luggage arriving with us was a bonus as I was fairly certain it might not. All in all, the flights were great, the Vacation package was great pricewise and above all, Alaska continued to provide what I have come to expect, \"Service With Pride\"."
"My son and I flew down to SDF from ANC via ORD during Thanksgiving. I cannot say that ORD was fun that is for sure as they had a huge snowstorm on Saturday and it was a mess. The flight down on Alaska Airlines was fine as my son and I were bumped up to First. The service was great, the crew members were professional and caring. Everyone just wanted to sleep and that was fine with me as well. We arrived a bit early and had to wait awhile for our gate but no problem. We had a few hours to kill so we ate at Wolfgang P. and that was quite good. I enjoyed a breakfast Pizza. The flight to SDF was on American Air E-175. Decent overall, no complaints. Our return to ANC was uneventful for the most part. The Alaska Airlines flight departed on time from ORD. The flight had us in First again and the service was great. I did not eat the food as I had something prior to boarding. I watched a movie and then tried to watch a second one but my digiplayer froze up. There was a call for any medical persons on board as a young lady had a heart issue. It turned out to be fine, she was checked out by medics when we landed in Anchorage and did not have any further problems. All in all another series of great flights on Alaska Airlines. Fine, clean planes crewed by professionals who cared for their passengers - a first rate job! Thanks!"
"My appreciation goes to Capt Hendricks who piloted the plane from Portland to Boston. There were mechanical issues that delayed the plane for a little over 2 hours. The Captain Hendricks the issues to the passengers in a friendly, concise and comforting manner. He kept us updated throughout the repair process. His reassuring manner relaxed me and helped to keep everyone calm and in good spirits even though we had to disembark the plane for a time period. I want to also thank Alaska Airlines for the food voucher and for the voucher for a future flight. A great airline with wonderful employees."
"Alaska Airlines has great domestic service. I fly them every time to Seattle and anywhere else if I can. The flight attendants are friendly. I use my miles and it is very easy. The airline provided complimentary beer or wine which is nice. I like the fact they would give us updates or the pilot would tell us weather conditions. They arrive usually early which is great. When departing the plane it's easy to grab your bag on the cart."
"All set to leave in morning to airport for our Seattle to Las Vegas flight. Discovered my husband lost his ID. Today is a holiday so all hopes of our back up ID out of safety box at bank or DOL were out. Alaska Airlines refunded all my miles and cash I paid. They were very understanding and sympathetic. My first trip with hubby in 24 years. I will keep earning my miles and try again. Thank you customer service. You rock."
"Returned last night from Seattle with Alaska Airlines after visiting my daughter there. The flights were fine in both directions. I had hoped to get bumped up to First, however, that did not happen. I was pleased with seat 8F down and 9F back. There is only so much the flight crews can do on redeye flights but I will say the flight crew on the way back to the Greatland was impressive as one of the passengers two rows up from me experienced some type of medical issue. Three of the four attendants worked with him and all went well upon our arrival. We were ontime and had snow waiting for us - how nice. My bag was about one minute late so I received my 2500 mile voucher. I informed some of the other passengers who were waiting with me and they too got miles. I read the review of the unhappy customer who flew to Mexico recently, I have to say that the issue of paying for anything in First Class is incorrect based on my experience. You will hear back from their Customer Service folks and they will do what it takes to make things right for you. I hope it does. Anyhow, I am pleased once again with Alaska and look forward to my next flying experience to Chicago at Thanksgiving."
"I'm throughly impressed, my last 2 flights were with Delta and they were just horrible. From being told that my seat was sold to a different person and I'd have to rebook a different day to getting to an Alaska Airlines flight and getting seated fast and being appreciated for being in the military, it's refreshing to have such a nice and well trained staff that suits in customers in every way possible. Thank you"
"Just returned from an all day and most of the night flight back to the Greatland from Raleigh Durham, NC with Alaska Airlines. Most everything went well with small exceptions. The flight crews did their jobs well, professionally, and with great attitudes. The flight back up to Anchorage had to stay at a lower altitude due to rough air however the pilot informed us of this just prior to lift off. All in all it was fine. The meal on the flight from Raleigh was quite tasty and desert was too. Flying back to SeaTac this Sunday morning to visit my daughter and of course it will be on Alaska."
"I have flown a lot but this was my first experience with Alaska Airlines. We flew with our baby. I was very pleased that they were able to give us a row. The seats were the most comfortable coach seats I've sat in. We're both a little tall, my husband is 6'3\", and he had enough room to stretch his legs out in front of him without his knees touching. The food offered was limited but good. The staff was the most friendly staff I've ever encountered flying in 25 years. Our flights were on time. They arrived a bit early at the destination. The best part was the changing table in the bathroom. The prices were the best offered for the trip we shopped for too. I sat on that plane looking forward to leaving a review, they were that good."
"Another wonderful trip on Alaska. The flight from ANC to SEA was great, the crew was excellent, flight was on time, all in all no complaints whatsoever. I was looking forward to the next flight, SEA to Raleigh as this was the first time Alaska flew there. They had a nice going away ceremony at the gate with all sorts of breakfast items, short speeches and a ribbon cutting as well. The aircraft we flew on was the special Russell Williams plane which I think is the 900 model of the 737. It was quite the arrival in RDU! Although it was raining upon our arrival, there were numerous television crews both outside and inside to catch shots of the plane, crew and passengers. The RDU folks that greeted us, (about 75 or so) lined up, gave each of us a welcome to Raleigh bag of goodies plus clapped and cheered for us. I was amazed at the welcome - Southern Hospitality at its best! The only downside was that our luggage did not get to the passengers within the 20 minute guarantee. We each received the 2500 mile ticket to apply to our Mileage Plan - it's all good. The flight there was great by the way - 4 hours and 26 minutes with very little to gripe about. I believe that this route will do well as Raleigh is quite a nice destination, great airport and easy access to the car rental facilities/freeways."
"This was my first time on Alaska Airlines and I have to say it was the most amazing experience on an airplane. The amenities, the food, the airline stewards, the pilots - all of it was perfect! We were comfortable, attended to, acknowledged, and treated extremely kindly."
"It was such a pleasure to step foot onto Alaska Airlines to Seattle. Everything from check in, staff, tidy planes and friendly onboard service I cannot fault. Both flights departed early and arrived early. The crew were in the cabin interacting with the passengers."
"The level of Alaskan Airlines service is great. The flight to Portland was a small plane with no first class, but for such a short flight it was absolutely fine. The Portland to Maui sector was wonderful. The staff are the most attentive and helpful I have travelled with. The food was to a high standard with a few choices. The drinks were served on a regular basis and the chocolate snacks are great. The seating is comfortable with adequate leg room and I found the entertainment notebooks really easy to use and the content was current films and tv programmes. The service is wonderful!"
"When I rushed into the Boston airport wearing my ten-month-old son in a baby carrier and balancing a 55 pound anxious dog in an oversized crate on an unthinkably tiny luggage carrier (oh, Logan!) while my three-year-old clung to my thigh things were looking bleak. We were running late and I wanted to check in the dog while my husband dealt with the rest of the luggage, the rental, and a looming police officer. I was frazzled, but the Alaska Air staff spotted me right away and from then on our travel experience went smoothly. He really made sure that all the documents are checked as quick as possible and helped me take the dog crate through inspection. No one gave me any trouble with the dog, and we received a ticked assuring us that she was on the plane with us in the cargo. We found her safe and sound at our destination. All the while the staff member was entertaining and patient with my curious and slightly anxious daughter and assured me that he will take care that my husband gets on the plane in time as he was late returning the rental car, which he did. Everyone else working with Alaska Air was very courteous and attentive as well. Since we booked our seats late, we were not assigned to the same row, and with two small children this six hour flight could have turned very ugly if we were kept apart. The flight attendants took care of this issue right away and adjusted our seating so that we were in the same row (also thanks to two gracious gentlemen who agreed to switch their seats for us). The flight was long but comfortable, there was enough leg room even in the economy seats with snacks, drinks, and entertainment tablets making the long flight with tired kids tolerable. By the way the food was hot and delicious. Another nice touch came when we requested an entertainment tablet which was ten dollars per piece. The flight attendant noticed that my husband gave it to our daughter right away, so she gave him another one at no extra charge. No one harassed us when our kids were getting loud and impatient (which happened couple of times and ended very quickly, they are such good kids), and no one mentioned anything to me as I was nursing my little boy for most of the flight. I only have great things to say about the Alaska crew, they were so professional and compassionate. I know I would recommend this airline to any family."
"After flying around the USA for the past month on numerous different airlines, I experienced no better inflight service than with Alaskan Airlines. From the moment I arrived at the gate to board and the plane trip itself their staff and cabin service was exceptional. They were extremely friendly and helpful making sure everyone was comfortable, happy and had everything they needed and wanted. I wish I had flown with Alaskan Airlines more on this trip."
"Just returned from a quick five day jaunt to Eugene, OR, flying Alaska Airlines. Bumped up to First class both ways due to my Gold status and some luck as well. The flights were great, crews professional, clean planes, good food and on time both directions. I had the pleasure of sitting next to a WWII former fighter pilot whose son is a Captain with Alaska. He was quite a hit with the crew as he seemed to be well known. I enjoyed his company and he made the flight an unforgettable experience. Departing in a week or so to fly to Raleigh NC on the first ever Alaska Airlines flight to grace the Tarheel State."
"Alaska Airlines staff has excellent customer service and are willing to help any way they can. They make flying easy. I flew to Mexico for my wedding and they gave us free drinks and food and a seat in first class. They accommodated my dress that I carried on the plane and made my stressful trip that less hectic. I recommended flying Alaska Airlines for any trip."
"Two more great flights with Alaska Airlines. Vancouver to Seattle was fine, no service due to weather but the Seattle to Kona flight was really good. It was packed full, but the crew were wonderful. Friendly, professional and fun - what more could you ask for? The crew get you in the mood for the Islands! We left on time and arrived a bit early."
"Alaska Airlines is the best, they provide complimentary drinks, including beer and wine. Service is offered a couple of times even on a short 1.5 hour flight. The flight attendants are friendly, courteous, and professional."
"Usually I am more than pleased with my trips on Alaska Airlines. I am a Gold member and will be again for this next year. The trip from Atlanta to Seattle was delayed due to a mechanical issue, starboard engine. This was fixed and we were about two hours late departing ATL. We were rebooked in ATL prior to finally leaving. This delay caused me to miss Flight 119 from SEA to ANC. I was rebooked on Flight 121 which is a Combi 400 737. Arrived at almost 3am and my luggage did not. None of the Atlanta folks luggage made it to ANC. I spoke with the luggage person and she said it would be sent out later on in the morning. I accepted this, not happy but it does happen. I called the MVP Gold customer service folks today to inquire about a partial refund for my flight as it had no 1st Class. She spoke to the accounting department and said I will get an $80 credit. The bottom line here is a customer who was not pleased overall, especially in regards to finding out about travel segments, some being refundable and some not. Oh well, live and learn. Portions of my experience went very well. Some others, not so much. I have four more trips coming up by Christmas on Alaska. I hope they go better than this one."
"Alaska has always done a good job when I have flown with them but this time was even better than normal. There was a mix up with my ticket and I learned at the gate that I would not have the First Class seat that I thought I had. The gate agent did get me an Exit Row seat and refunded the fare difference. The agent, emailed me the refund information by the time I had arrived in SEA. The cabin crew always does a great job and so much better service than other airlines provide. I wish Alaska flew to more destinations."
"First time flying with Alaska Airlines, we usually fly Southwest but they don't offer non-stop flights from Albuquerque to Seattle any more. Got a great deal on flights for 3 people, was able to do everything over the internet. Paid luggage fees, checked in online, printed luggage tickets, and boarding passes. When we arrived at the ticket counter at the airport in Albuquerque, we found out that it didn't open until an hour or so later. Surprisingly, two Alaska Airlines employees came out and helped us with our luggage tags since they use a special holder to attach to the luggage. As we were about to start boarding another employee approached us and asked if we would like to board using a new system that they were starting to use. He scanned our boarding passes and we were all set. The flight was great, all of the attendants were very courteous and helpful. Our return flight was also great and without any problems."
"I had a fantastic customer service experience with Alaska Airlines thanks to one member of staff! She showed genuine concern, empathy, and common courtesy in regards to my plight due to a problem with Delta Air Lines. It wasn't her obligation to help me, but she did so willingly and with kindness. She offered suggestions, took the time to research, and above all else, took the time to show she cared. Her actions represented her airline in the best way possible because when the day is done, having a person show care is what we remember the most."
"Another series of fine flights with Alaska. Redeye to Seattle with a fine crew. Service was good. Plane was clean and on time. We had one unusual thing happen - a person apparently acted out in some manner towards a crew member right after we pulled back from the gate. We then returned to the gate and this \"gentleman\" was escorted off our plane. After that excitement we were off with no further issues. Upon landing at SeaTac I made my way eventually to the Boardroom where I enjoyed coffee and rolls, caught up on news and relaxed. The flight to ATL went fine. Again, plane was clean, crew was great and appeared quite professional in all regards. The return leg went fine. The pilot on the outbound leg to Seattle informed us of some possible rough air coming up over the St Louis area which folks appreciated. The food I ate was decent and the wine was enjoyable as well. The final leg back up to Anchorage was without any negatives. I actually caught some sleep which for me is unusual. Landed a few minutes early, luggage made it on time and then home to the Valley. All in all, a fine series of flights with great."
"Pleasant Flight, great staff, always try to fly with Alaska when I can, however I was not impressed with the food product. The first class service was great, but the food was not so good."
"Short one and half hour flight, seats were comfortable, very friendly staff from check in until we disembarked and we were given a free snack and drinks."
"Flew down to Louisville from Anchorage with a stop at ORD on the way. Bumped up to First again which was nice. Crew was great, plane clean and on time. I found nothing to complain about and arrived relaxed and pleased with the service. O'Hare airport in Chicago was a zoo. It was as crowded and noisy as Atlanta always seems to be. I went to the American Admirals Club and mellowed out for a few hours - fine service there and the views of the aircraft was a plus. Flight to SDF on American Eagle was fine - the E-175 they use was quite a nice aircraft for this short trip, great views from the large windows on board. The return trip back to ANC began again at SDF to ORD, same plane as above, fine service, nice crew etc. I was routed to Portland from Chicago this time. All went well, I was seated in economy and had no complaints. I purchased the movie viewer and was well entertained. Great service too. The flight to ANC was near perfect. Only problem encountered was that our luggage was about thirty five minutes late getting to us. I put in and received my 2500 free air miles for that issue. All in all, flights were fine, crews were great and on time for all sectors. I feel Alaska should move up to a 4 Star rating."
"One way, PDX-LAX. Everything was smooth sailing. Seats were comfortable, staff were great, and the flight was on time. I also like the electrical outlets in the seats. The big disappointment was the food. Nothing substantial on this flight except cookies and a small bag of pretzels. They made such a big deal about their cookies. I would have preferred an option such as fruit or cheese and crackers. I don't really know what they are thinking with this. I would have given them a 10 if not for the snack issue."
"LAX-SEA on the 737-800. Flew on 4th of July and the atmosphere on-board was festive and friendly. Flight attendants interacted with the passengers. Purser was lovely. The crew was probably one of the best and most friendly I have flown with. They went above and beyond when I realized I had left my jacket at the lounge and made sure I got it back. Seats comfortable with plenty of space for the 2-hour flight. Food and beverage selection was extensive. Excellent snack of pasta with marinara sauce, beans, along with with a salad which was fresh. Overall, a wonderful flight. Good lounge, excellent service, great food and comfortable seats."
"Just returned to the Greatland having flown what is now my favorite airline once again. Departed ANC at 5 am and arrived ontime in SEA. I was bumped up to First due to my Gold status which I appreciate. The service was fine, the plane clean and all in all nothing to complain about. The trip to Redmond was on Horizon, a Q-400. No problems with anything here. If there was one thing though it would be the seats on the Q do not adjust at all. I wish they would but understand why they don't. The return trip was great on both legs. The crew was very impressive with their customer service."
"Returned recently from a trip to SEA from ANC and SDF (on Am Eagle) to ORD then onto ANC. All flights were well run affairs with fine crews and great service. I flew First and when I get upgraded I always enjoy the experience. I am however more than pleased when I do not move up as the rest of the plane service crew does a fine job. I have yet to be unhappy with this airline since I have returned to using it on all my flights out and back to the Greatland. I have about six more flights scheduled in the next half year and I plan to fly them every time. Please keep it up!"
"Flight 893 9 May. I don't fly Alaska at all as my loyalties are with another airline at present because of frequent flier status. I flew last Saturday night at 9.45pm from Seattle to Oakland. What a difference in customer service. From the very start in the airport - their employees seemed gracious. The agents at the departure gate seemed relaxed and most affable as I watched them before our boarding call. My mainline carrier I usually fly - the employees always seem \"put out\" when they are interrupted from their computers. Inflight was pleasant. Flight attendants who seemed happy. If Alaska Airlines flew where I needed to go - they would have won me over."
"Flight AS838 on 6 May. Flew Alaska from Honolulu to Oakland on 6 May. I was not expecting much for the cost of the first class ticket and was pleasantly surprised. Aircraft was not old (737-800) seat was spacious enough for a 5 hour day time flight. Meal was good and a nice linen service. Even the wine served was quite good and topped up regularly if you wished without having to ask. Crew were friendly and efficient. Even check in was quick and efficient. Overall a good experience and I think worth the extra for first class for this length flight. I rate it as highly as some domestic Australian business class flights I've had so it was quite good."
"Upgraded to first class for our flight from SEA to DFW. Had seen Tom Douglas in the news lately talking his about the new menu he created for all Alaska flights. Our breakfast going down and dinner coming back was awful looking awful smelling and awful tasting. Many in 1st class that had the dinner on the return did not eat it. Even FA said she was embarrassed to be serving this meal. The spinach had a nasty smell to it."
"Flew with family SJC-Honolulu then returned to SJC via Seattle. Economy Class. All planes were 737's of some variety. The seats were comfortable with adjustable headrests but legroom was terrible. I'm short so this was only a problem when I (or someone else) wanted to use the restroom as the person on the aisle seat had no choice but to get out of his seat to accommodate us. The cheese platter is an excellent meal available on all flights. Availability of hot meals was inconsistent and confusing (available one direction but not the other on flights before 9 am or after etc.). Flight attendants were friendly and attentive. However on our trip from HNL-SEA they disappeared 3 hours into the 5.5 hour flight and we were getting thirsty. Had to go ask for water. Hint: Alaska boards very early (45 min) and will depart early if they can. We once showed up 20 minutes before our departure time with boarding passes I had printed the night before and the plane had left already! They said they had paged us but we couldn't hear anything in that particular airport. Fortunately they had seats available on the next flight 2 hours later and got us on that for no charge."
"Kona - Oakland First class. What an improvement. Leaving United in the dust Alaska offers good food good service and decent leg room on this sector. Individual meals instead of all at one time distinguish this excellent offering from United using the same aircraft and only one hard working flight attendant. Finally a major carrier steps up and offers good service to and from Hawaii."
"Great service Seattle to Kona. Major upgrade in meal entertainment and attitude since last years trip. Keep it up Alaska you won me over."
"I had never flown Alaska before this past 2014-15 Christmas/New Year season. My fianc had relocated for work to Portland OR from Massachusetts. We had two cats to move and decided it would be best for them to fly with me in the cabin for the holiday. The operator who booked the flights with my fianc was so helpful and made sure we had all the information we needed to get the cats ready. When I got to Logan Airport in Boston I was allowed to board early with the cat carriers. When one of my cats started getting antsy in her carrier and I had the carrier in my lap the stewardesses asked if the kitties needed anything. There was no fuss or problems traveling with the cats. Check in was smooth and easy on both going and coming. The Alaska Airlines staff is genuinely friendly and pleasant which is such a change from the canned fake concern most airlines staff seem to have. The mileage club is so easy to use and keep track of miles. It is nice to see that customer service is still a virtue in some companies."
"Yesterday January 19 2015 I flew Flight 16 from Seattle back to Orlando. It had been a round-about 48 hour visit to an ill relative and I was exhausted from having to rise in the wee hours AM to board coming and going on the only non-stop flight. It has been many years since I have seen flight attendants so \"up-beat\" and kind with a sense of humor in the face of a fully packed jumbo jet. And too many years since I have seen well-groomed stewardesses actively caring for each passenger. Accolades to Alaska Airlines for returning to a more gracious time during these chaotic ones."
"Returned early this morning from my flight Redmond to Seattle to Anchorage on Alaska in First. (upgraded). This flight was fine once we got into the air. Our plane had an issue or two which prevented an on time takeoff. We were about 70 minutes delayed but the crew did a fine job keeping everyone informed and did their usual fine job for the passengers. Paul was our employee in first and did an outstanding job great humor and fantastic work ethic. Even though we were late getting home to the Greatland nobody on board (from what I saw) griped about it. We were just glad to be back home."
"Flew LAX-SEA-BLI on B737-900. Took the offer of a first class upgrade for $50. Friendly attentive crew and a meal was served. I always find Alaska good value for the money. The only drawback is the constant PA's telling you how to do everything from how to stow your bag in the overhead to not using the call bell unless it's a medical emergency. All in all though a safe comfortable and reasonably priced service."
"SEA to IAH return. First time flying on Alaska. Both legs were on time. Service was friendly. I appreciate the communication from the pilot or first officer with respect to turbulence and what's happening with the flight. Leg room was decent for economy class. Not a big fan of their food and beverage selections. Being a bit of a nervous flyer I generally tend to ask for 3 glasses of red wine when drink service is offered so I can slip slowly and make them last for a 4 hour flight and mellow out. One Flight Attendant took exception to me ordering 3 glasses (apparently fearing I was going to become intoxicated on the flight). In addition the wine service is poured from a bottle into a plastic cafeteria cup. Other airlines simply give you a little bottle which you pour yourself (which I much prefer). So this aspect was about the only thing that I give a thumbs down to. Another thing I like about some other airlines you have your own IFE system display. For me it's a matter of simply selecting \"My Flight\" as I like to see the progress of the flight. Not possible with Alaska."
"Flew BLI-SEA-SNA. Bellingham to Seattle on Horizon Q400. No service offered on this sector. Comfortable flight. Only 45 minute connection time in Seattle however made it to the next gate with ease. Boarded the B737-700 from the tarmac in the cold pouring Seattle rain instead of via an airbridge. Crew were efficient but no smiles or interactions with the passengers. Legroom excellent for economy and seat very comfortable. Really convenient being able to fly into John Wayne airport. I fly with Alaska fairly often and always find their service comfortable reliable and good value for the money."
"Left Santa Ana late because plane arrived late. Had connection in Portland and we only had now 5 minutes to get from gate C to lower level gate A. Dozen or so people running to their gates. Luckily for us there were several flyers going to Eugene so the flight was held and even waited for luggage. Thank you Alaska Airlines for making the end of our vacation a happy ending."
"SEA-IAH first class 739 equipment. Boarding was fine and efficient. Left about ten minutes late due to catering not being available until last minute. Hit cruise 19 minutes into flight but it was fully an hour before FA served drinks. Nothing unusual going on so this was inexplicable. Service was friendly but very slow."
"Recently traveled for the first time on an Alaska Airlines flight from San Diego-Boston. It was the best domestic flight I have experienced. The 4 cabin crew members were excellent and very customer engaged with passengers needs. The flight wasn't full and they came to me and asked if I wanted a row of seats to myself to relax for the duration of the flight. The service was great 3 rounds of snack and beverage service for the 5-hour flight. The aircraft was a Boeing 737-800 and the legroom was great. A job well done. I look forward to flying onboard in the near future. The only downfall to Alaska Airlines is they charge $10.00 for a video recorder to watch the movies. There should be no charge for that as it should be complimentary since snacks sandwiches and alcohol are charged to the customer."
"SEA-LAX. Standard seating food etc for a 2.5 hour flight. As first class has an advantage over others in that you get access to their airline club even if you are flying just domestic and not connecting to an international flight (and aren't a club member). Alaska has both refundable and non-refundable first class fares. Non-refundable is about 1/2 the cost of the refundable but is not available on all routes (e.g. we were going to fly to BUR but only fc fare was refundable so we chose to fly to LAX instead)."
"Traveled first class San Diego to Boston on 11/20/14. Plane left on time clean friendly flight attendants good breakfast and service and champagne. No complaints and felt it worth the money."
"Flew one of the Alaska/Horizon regional routes PDX-MFR night flight. The flight was originally at 9.05-ish but was delayed to 9.55. Got info 3 hours ahead of time and we still boarded late because traffic on the taxiway. Once aboard seats were fairly comfy flight attendants were friendly easily accommodated my sister's severe nut allergy made sure no nut-containing items were aboard the plane (standard airline safety procedure) and served two drinks for a flight less than an hour. Not bad Alaska."
"Flew Alaska MCI to SEA return in First. Both legs were pleasant but the service on the outbound leg got off to a slow start with no pre-take off beverage offered. However once we were in the air the flight attendant was very quick to begin beverage service. Seats were comfortable but the pitch was a little tight I wish Alaska would invest in some bigger planes for their longer cross country flights in order to have a larger First Class cabin. Food was very good served plated and fresh. Check In both in Kansas City and Seattle was extremely easy and the Board Room in Seattle was pleasant. For a full fare ticket it wasn't an overall bad experience but felt that I overpaid slightly for what I got. Will fly Alaska First again in December and am looking forward to gaining elite status with them. Their mileage earning partnerships cannot be beat and I love that I can fly Delta American British Airways and Emirates as needed and still earn miles."
"10-12-14 early flight SMF to SEA. Seats were thin but comfortable legroom seemed a bit more generous than the space I'm used to on other carriers seats had power outlets. I flew Alaska as part of a Delta flight from SMF- SEA-DTW-TVC the ticket purchased with my spouse's frequent flyer miles. I would choose to fly Alaska again over another airline even if the ticket price was higher. The aircraft didn't have entertainment. The food selection looked decent although I didn't buy any."
"Flew from SFO to ANC to SFO with stopover in SEA on 5th and 13th September 2014. These were routine flights. There were no delays in fact each leg was a few minutes ahead of schedule and baggage came out in the first few minutes. The Champagne and Beer was cold the food was really just snacks as we travelled in between normal mealtimes. This was good value as we were allowed 2 pieces of luggage each. I would definitely recommend this airline."
"My wife and I travelled to SEA and return to ANC recently on Alaska. No issues at all problem wise. Both flights were fine crews were great lanes clean on time arrivals etc. I tried to upgrade to First as I am a MVP Gold member but alas no luck. Maybe next time. I told my spouse it is a nice experience and she was hoping to see it firsthand. Anyhow keep up the good work and thanks Alaska."
"Returned last week from a ANC-SEA-ATL and return in First. No complaints with the flights at all. As usual (for me) the service was outstanding the planes clean and the flight crews were very friendly. We were told we would be departing ATL about an hour late due to a crew rest issue. This would cause me to miss my connection to ANC in Seattle. I was rebooked quickly by the ATL folks. I caught my flight with minutes to spare in SEA but of course my bag did not show until the next flight. The Alaska employee at baggage claim was tired and a bit grumpy but I was given a coupon for 2500 miles and that was fine with me. Besides this issue all was great. Looking forward to our next flight to SEA this Thursday evening."
"We have just arrived back in New Zealand after our Alaskan cruise and would like to commend Alaska Airlines customer service desk for their excellent and sympathetic response to out late arrival due to tardy shuttle service resulting in our late arrival at LAX airport. We were very stressed as were to travel to Seattle the staff member advised that although our flight hadn't quite left it was indeed too late to get on but immediately advised that they had a flight every hour and could get us on the next flight. After all this there was no extra charges for this change we were so impressed with that."
"Alaska is our airline of choice. MCI-SEA-ANC flights generally good and on time. New Sky interior slimline Recaro seats (a bit uncomfortable). On landing at Anchorage the pilot apparently took a wrong taxiway or misjudged the turn as he braked to a halt (squeal on the brakes hard stop) then used reverse thrusters to turn the plane completely around. ANC-SEA-MCI late flight out of ANC substituted a smaller plane which put us in a non-recline seat. All in all we have been satisfied with Alaska and will continue to use them as these are somewhat minor issues and tend to be found on all airlines."
"I flew Alaska non-stop from Dallas to Portland first class. The crew were very friendly and attentive to everyone's needs. We had an hour delay after boarding the aircraft in Dallas but the crew kept everybody informed and kept serving drinks and a small snack for us. Very impressed with their first class service."
"Recently flew on Alaska Airlines with my 2 longer legs (TUS to SEA and ANC to PDX) in First Class. On these flights (along with the other 2 segments) the flight and flight crew were fine. My complaint is with what defines \"First Class\" to Alaska Airlines. On TUS-SEA our meal consisted of a chicken sandwich and a chocolate mint! No inflight entertainment devices provided. On the ANC-PDX segment (which was 2.45 Alaska time to 7am PDX time). No wake-up breakfast which meant zero food provided at all. Flight attendant asked if we wanted anything as we were already in the process of pre-landing operations. And since an overnight flight no inflight entertainment. Guess I'm expecting too much for paying for a first class seat."
"This week on my trip to Seattle I flew Alaska Airlines when in the past I would normally fly United. Alaska Airlines far exceeded my expectations. If I could use them to fly everywhere I would. The flight attendants actually seemed happy and were very nice. The seats were extremely comfortable - much more comfortable than other flights that I've been on. The plane was clean. I will definitely fly with Alaska Airlines anytime I can."
"Flew LAX to DCA. Delay leaving LAX due to air traffic congestion but was kept informed. The seats were pretty uncomfortable considering this was a 5+ hours flight. I was very glad that I purchased a 'comfort seat' alongside as I was coming off a 15 hour flight from Australia and had space to spread out. The cabin crew were lovely and most helpful. We had a strange delay in DCA as we arrived 2 hours late due to earlier delay and adverse weather around DC and the Alaska gate was taken by another Alaska plane and we ended up waiting around 30 minutes on the tarmac for space to be found. Would use them again but would definitely purchase the comfort seat for added space."
"We traveled home from Las Vegas on Tuesday July 29. Our plane was 4.5 hours late and I cannot say enough how great the Alaska Airline staff were . They were very helpful apologetic and kept us informed the entire time on what the updates were on our flight and when we could expect to take off. We really appreciated the positive attitude and genuine care of their employees. It made the inconvenience of having to wait for our flight much easier and very helpful."
"Just returned from my trip south ANC-SEA-EUG and returned EUG-PDX-ANC. All flights were fine the crews were all professional clean aircraft on time and the food was quite decent. We had quite a few young children flying back to Alaska with their parents from 3 months of age up to five in my section. The flight attendants were very helpful and appeared to enjoy the interaction with the little ones. I flew the 400 model combi south for the first time. Not bad at all for a red eye flight. All in all a fine experience."
"July 24th. Flew SLC-SFO in the morning and returned the same evening. Best short haul domestic experience this year. Boarding handled smoothly. Flight crew extremely polite and courteous. Cabin nice clean and the temp. Was well controlled. Both flights on perfect time. Will try to fly more with Alaska if possible."
"Flew from Orlando on 5/29/14. Flying from Tampa to Seattle on 8/9/14 and returning on 8/31/14. Crew were attentive friendly and a pleasure to spend 5.5 hours with. Food was fresh warm and tasty. I am so happy they added round trip non-stop Tampa to Seattle. Absolutely perfect for me."
"PHX-SEA and back. The crew signed my Alaska Airlines history book they all chatted with me and seemed in good spirits. The flight was handled smoothly and the drinks and food was generous considering what we got was being offered free (sandwiches however cost 6 dollars on economy class)."
"Flew from Los Angeles to Anchorage on Alaska 149. The flight left and arrived in destination on time. The purchase food quality and quantity were OK. The drinks provided during the flight are more than adequate. The service was nice."
"ANC to SLC return in First both directions. I have no complaints whatsoever. The food was fine the service was excellent on-time both directions and the plane was clean. Their SLC growth (# of flights to and from there) has not affected their great customer service negatively as far as I could tell. One thing which was different on the return flight though was that the flight attendant came around prior to our landing and thanked each customer for flying with Alaska and I felt she meant it. It was a small but very classy thing to do as I have never seen this before. It is the small but kind gestures that help make a difference when I fly. Keep it up Alaska!"
"PSP-PDX-LAX. Two flights with Alaska both of which were on time departures and arrivals. Friendly cabin crew adequate legroom. All in all a good experience."
"In May I flew with the airline three times: San Francisco to Seattle at the start of my visit then a return flight at the end. In between I flew from Palm Springs to Seattle with the airline. All were good and timely. My main comments are words of praise for the check-in team at Seattle at the start of my return flight when they worked long and diligently to ensure my luggage in the hold was correctly tagged directly back to my home airport in Perth Australia for that 21-hour flight via Hong Kong."
"I flew from Seattle to Anchorage on a 737-800 with the new slimline Recaro seats. Each seat had a power outlet with a USB port and the seats were very comfy with an adjustable head rest and more legroom compared to the old seats. I noticed that there was no longer a barrier between first class and coach but maybe they will install it later. I had 30 minutes of free Wi-Fi thanks to a partnership with Allstate. I tested the speed at 2 Mb/sec download and 0.25 Mb/sec upload. I rented an entertainment player for $8 and had time to watch a movie along with a few other clips. The devices are a little slow and touchy but are still functional. Soon Alaska Airlines will offer entertainment on your own iPads laptops etc. I purchased the chicken dinner for $6 which consisted of boneless chicken breast mashed potatoes and green beans and actually tasted very good. The drink cart went around 2 times during the 3 hour flight and the second time I had delicious orange Tazo tea. Overall a great experience with great service all around!"
"Just back from my 3 week tour of the Lower 48 using Alaska from ANC-SEA-ATL return in First. All aspects of my various flights went smoothly. Very enjoyable experience. Flight crews were attentive clean aircraft arrival times early on most of the flights and the food was quite good as well. No complaints at all. Heading south again in two weeks to SCL. Looking forward to the Alaskan Experience once again."
"My Wife and I have used various Airlines in USA fairly extensively over the years. First time on Alaskan and can only highly recommend them. Service from check in Kerbside to arrival destination was perfect and should ever we visit USA again will use them if opportunity exists."
"Just back from a trip from ANC to Portland then SMF and return. We departed about 40 minutes late from ANC due to a switch issue but made up for it enroute. We had a medical emergency also but the passenger was given oxygen and was well cared for by the crew. Horizon provided the flight south to Sacramento and that was fine in all regards. The trip back was nearly perfect. My only issue is the waiting room in Portland it is a zoo! Otherwise - great!"
"Flew SEA to SAN in April. Absolutely flawless. Check in was simple and hassle free. Once onboard all cabin crew were so pleasant. Repeated drinks service throughout the flight. One passenger taken ill the crew were reaching out for doctors onboard and they also stood by. Plenty of legroom in economy. Aircraft 737-800 seemed brand new. Interior was clean and fresh. Baggage was on the belt in no time despite it was a short walk from the gate to the belt. Absolutely on top of my choice among American carriers."
"I flew Palm Springs to Portland. We departed Palm Springs 5.5 hours late due to a wind/dust storm. The crew were fantastic. We were on and off the plane a couple of times. The passengers never got cranky because of the high degree of professionalism and good vibes from the crew. I have never had a bad flight on Alaska and it is always my first choice."
"Returned last week from my annual trip to Reno from ANC. The flight out was fine good service clean plane and landed a few minutes early in SEA. The flight to RNO was great on Horizon good crew with great service. The only complaint I have are the gates at Portland for the \"Seattle Shuttle\" are pretty crammed together and I accidentally tried to board the wrong flight. The gate agent pointed this out to me and was a bit short attitude wise. I asked about how many flights are leaving at 3.30? She said \"one at that time and the one you are on starts to board at that time and leaves at 4! I was not the only person who had this issue but no problem after that. I got to SEA and the flight home to ANC was fine. I will be flying them again this next Monday going to SMF. I expect my flights will be fine."
"SEA-KOA my first ever flight with Alaska. Check-in at SEA was quick and efficient. Onboard I was positively surprised by the seat pitch; much more leg room than on most other airlines (and I am quite tall). Flight itself was partly bumpy due to weather but the crew cheered everyone up with free Mai Tais shortly before reaching Hawaii. Never had that with any other airline. Flight was on time the food for purchase was OK. Overall a very good experience. Will certainly use them again."
"My first experience with Alaska Airlines. I didn't expect the level of service from the stewards onboard. My two young sons myself and my wife traveled from Edmonton to Seattle and then to Honolulu. The stewards dealing with objectionable passengers children running up and down the aisle were professional and polite. I was able to extend my legs into the aisle without being harassed to remove them. On return bad weather delayed our connection."
"Flew on Flight 447 from LAX to SEA. Codeshare with Qantas. Plane was modern but interior looked dreadfully tiresome. For a low cost carrier their seat pitch was amazing. Cabin crew friendly and engaging with passengers. Besides the typical buy-on-board they give you something for your metabolism and non-alcoholic beverages are complementary. I ordered one of their buy-on-board but the crew forgot to serve it to me even though they have charged my card and all. Thus they ran out on that option after serving it to all the other passengers. Cabin crew's apologies were sincere and they did their best to make it up for me."
"February 1 2014. Flight 381 from SEA (Seattle) to SMF (Sacramento). I paid the extra $50 for a first class upgrade. The upgrade was worth the $50.00 although leg room wasn't what I would have expected (I was in 1D behind the bulkhead). The food and complimentary wine were good the service competent. I would recommend Alaska based on my first class travel experience."
"Seattle-Kodiak-Seattle. Very nice trip. Airline personnel were friendly and efficient. Only minor complaint is that the seats hardly tip back."
"I flew from San Jose California to Seattle. The service was ok the plane was on-time. Boarding was delayed 2 mins but we arrived in Seattle 15 minutes before schedule. Two weeks later I flew from Seattle to Los Angeles - it was a connecting flight perfect again. The service of the crew members were good the flight was on-time again and no problems with the baggage. It went directly to my final destination (Guadalajara Mexico). Both aircraft's were Boeing 737-900 they were very clean and comfortable the legroom was ok. If I can I will fly with them again."
"June 2013. One flight from LAX to SEA and another a few days later from ANC to LAX. Friendly and professional crew (on board and at the airport) modern aircraft (B737-800 and B737-900/ER) departure and arrival on time luggage recovered 5 minutes after arrival. I would say only one thing: Next time I will fly with Alaska Airlines again! An excellent low cost company."
"I have been flying Alaska for many years. For the last several years I have been flying first class only and have been very satisfied with the food the service and the extra space. This last trip though made me wonder if I should continue to pay the substantial difference in price to be in first class. It was the space in the new plane. The space between me and the seat in front is closer. I had to struggle to get my bag under the seat in front of me when the passenger in front of me had his seat back. I'm 5'5' and 125 lbs. Also there used to be three big spaces under the 1st class seats for two people. Now there are two with one other smaller space big enough to fit a purse maybe. I don't like to use the overhead but I can change. There still seemed to be plenty of space between me and the passenger next to me. I like the three moveable light fixtures and the ability to direct air flow on the ceiling better. The food is still good and the service good. Although staff service on the majority of my flights has been \"excellent\" I can only honestly rate this last trip as \"fair.\" I am grateful to her though for this information. I heard her tell the two passengers in front of me that staff call the new planes \"slaveships\" because there are 44 more seats (!) but no more staff (still 4) to serve passengers. She said something to the effect of \"I feel sorry for the people in back. They get served so late or barely at all.\" I'm thinking that on my next trip coming up shortly I will go coach one way just to see if I can still justify paying the difference in price. But thanks to the overheard words of the staff attendant I will sit in the middle or closer to the front in coach so that I will get better service and won't have to wait forever. I will also plan to bring on board some food and a beverage. Overall I really like Alaska although I haven't flown any others for a long time. Maybe I will venture onto another airline just to compare. I never have trouble checking in no lost luggage airport gate staff friendly and professional. There are a lot of things I like about Alaska."
"My time on Alaska airlines was ok. I was flying from Sacramento California to Seattle Washington. The flight attendants were nice and cheerful. The flight left on time and the flight attendants gave us a bag of beef jerky for the inflight meals. We ended up landing about 10 minutes early and the only thing I recommend is that they add inflight entertainment otherwise I recommend that you fly with Alaska."
"I often fly on Alaska/Horizon flights between Montana and Seattle or Portland. My overall experiences have been very good. Flights even in winter have been on time and counter and plane staff have always been excellent. Value is very good compared with the few other carriers (Delta and United) that we have to choose from here in Montana. Seats on Alaska planes could be more comfortable as they are small and fairly stiff and uncomfortable but most flights are short so it is not a big issue for me. You can't carry on larger bags on the smaller planes but their a la cart process still allows me not to have to check in my carry on and pick it up after landing. Overall my satisfaction with Alaska is very good."
"LAX-YVR-LAX. On the flight to YVR we were greeted with great service at the gate. The aircraft was nice and clean and had a lot of legroom on the B737-400. Even though we were delayed a bit we still had a good flight. The service was great. We had complimentary drinks and the food a cheese plate was delicious and was worth the $7 dollar price. On the flight out to LAX we were delayed from 6am to 11.45am due to maintenance issues. Because of this they rebooked all of the people traveling to Mexico and the first class passengers. They also gave $40 breakfast vouchers. This proves excellent service. Also the first officer took us on a tour of the cockpit which was really nice. Since so many people left this flight onto a flight to Mexico the flight was almost empty. The seats were very comfortable on the Boeing 737-400 and the food and service were great as well especially because they were handing out every order for free due to the delay. Because of this Alaska Airlines is a great airline and I definitely recommend."
"Round trip Seattle to Fort Lauderdale family of 4 for a cruise Nov 8 return 16th. Great experience considering we go in with low expectations our own food iPads etc. I was watching the on-time performance for a few weeks prior to departure and it seems this flight leaves the gate early more often than being on-time and our experience was no different - we pushed off 10-15 mins early both coming and going. Crew were experienced polite and helpful. 3 drink cart visits for the 6 hour flight with in-between bottled water. Gate checked our carry-ons for free. All good."
"Seattle - Redmond - Seattle 26 Oct. This year chose to fly rather than drive and good decision. Easy check in at Seattle plane on time and boarding very efficient. Whilst short fly cabin crew were excellent and arriving at Redmond was a delight only plane on ramp and backs in 6/7 mins. Return flight equally as good with on time departure and great team on board. Would certainly choose Alaska again based upon my recent experiences."
"Long Beach - Seattle Friday 25 Oct. An excellent experience with Alaska check in at Long Beach was easy and the flight boarded on time for an on time departure. The cabin crew were excellent throughout the flight."
"Very pleasant flight that I expect to make frequently visiting daughter in Bend Oregon. Friendly and helpful staff: Went back to plane to recover my jacket. But I have 2 complaints: Elderly neighbor got a $65 ticket when he pulled over in the loading zone to answer my call on his cell (that I was late) and Alaska's Seattle wait room sure looked shabby. Otherwise a very good experience."
"Recently returned from ANC-ATL-ANC in first class. I was quite pleased overall with not only the service attitudes of the cabin crew but also the layout of the B-900. The flights were all on time and the food was actually quite good. The crew from ANC to SEA (red-eye) was great with a flair for humor. I do not always travel upfront unfortunately but decided to give it a go wish I could do it every flight. No complaints here. I will continue to use Alaska."
"I have flown several times with Alaskan Airlines over the past few years. I am Canadian and live 2.5 hrs from Spokane Washington. I have found all employees to be polite and helpful over the phone at check-in or while flying. I did have a flight delay in January but all passengers were kept informed of what was going on. I much prefer Alaskan Air over Air Canada. I will be flying with Alaskan again on Nov 6/13 to Hawaii."
"Round trip Seattle to Houston. Everything as expected on time friendly crew arrived back in Seattle 30 minutes early. Have flown Alaska at least once a year for the past 10 years have never had a late flight or lost luggage. Companion fare is a great deal $99.00 + tax anywhere they fly. If you don't like the seats in back quit whining and pony up the money to sit up front."
"I've flown close to 50000 miles this year - all on Alaska Airlines. I've been flying Alaska for 15 plus years. Most of my travel is up and down the west coast with a NY Boston Orlando Chicago trip thrown in on occasion. Overall Alaska has done an amazing job all around. I've had one bag go missing in the last 15 years. It showed up at my door before 8 am the next morning. The food choices are excellent in coach and the few times I've been in First Class it's been wonderful. Their beverage choices are extensive and you can purchase an entertainment system on flights over 2 hours. Alaska's flight attendants are great - very friendly and accommodating and most of them have a great sense of humor! The few times I've had to fly other airlines I've discovered there is no comparison."
"I had not flown with Alaska Airlines for a number of years but had a good experience previously. I had a 6 leg trip this past week from LAX to ANC to FAI to Cordova to JNU and to SIT then finally to SEA. Every trip was on time or ahead of schedule. FA were attentive and polite. F&B service was good. I had the food purchase options on 2 flights and was very pleased. Not overly priced and was fresh with good flavor. Only downside was in LAX boarding was chaotic. Gate agent shows up 5 minutes before boarding so many confused passengers. On all flights I noticed the upholstery on the seats were quite worn. A little surprised when most flight were on 737-700 or 800 series aircraft. Anyway all in all a successful trip with Alaska Airlines. Flights on time and my baggage made every flight. I would certainly endorse Alaska Airlines."
"Recently flew Alaska from Anchorage to SEA and then down to Redmond OR to take our daughter to college. The trip down was fine in all respects good service new 737-900 and on time. The trip to Redmond was on Horizon and they did fine as well. The return trip was Redmond to Portland then up to Anchorage again no problems. We departed a bit late from Portland due to a windshield wiper problem but due to the upper level winds due to the massive rainstorm in Portland we were just a few minutes late arriving in ANC. All in all good job all the way around by all crews and staff. I will fly them shortly to ATL and we will see how they do in First."
"I was not looking forward to 6 hours in a 737 from Seattle to Kona in first. In actuality the trip was not bad at all. Decent leg room and meal service were all complemented by a hard working and friendly flight attendant who serviced 20 people on her own. Digi player was decently loaded for entertainment. By today's lowered standards this flight was quite nice."
"SEA-ANC-SEA KTN-JNU JNU-ANC-HNL in B737s during the month of August. Managed to get a Row 6 seat in each of them which led to being offered priority boarding. Every flight was either on time or ahead of schedule. Excellent in-flight service. This is an exceptional American carrier in the north-west of the country. Being slugged twice for baggage despite travelling on a single itinerary was the sole gripe."
"LAX-PDX. Very good early morning flight to PDX. Cabin a little tired and cramped but service was some of the best. The breakfast was actually really good - eggs benedict and bloody mary's. First time flying them and would again. They need to upgrade there interior product though as looks worn."
"Flights Bellingham to Honolulu in Coach. Seats are tight but that's the sign of the times. Service was sparse. You are nickeled and dimed on everything now. Gone are the days of Wardair. Guess that's why they aren't in business. Miss the days when air flight was fun. Having said that out flights we good and we didn't really expect much more for the price we paid. Would take this trip with Alaska Air again."
"Upgraded to First Class from JNU to ANC for $50 (1.5 hour flight). This was my 1st First Class experience and I was not impressed. Water was offered before take off. The plane was a slightly aged 737-400. At first the seats seem okay but they hardly recline and there is no adjustable headrests. This makes the seats unsuitable for sleeping in. There was also a lot less legroom than I was expecting. I wouldn't recommend putting a bag under the seat in front of you unless it is very small. Since it was morning we were served breakfast. Our drinks were served first along with the standard snack bag that's also served in coach. Then the meals were served. The meal was an egg and bacon French toast sandwich. It was okay but not very filling. I was expecting more for first class."
"Exceptional flight from PHL to SEA on Aug 6th. Everything from checking in online using the mobile app to the inflight experience was smooth cheerful and efficient. The new recaro seats in Y class was smartly designed and comfortable as Y class goes. Inflight crew were cheerful and chatty particularly the senior attendant. Virgin America has great amenities on transcon flights but I find Alaska to offer the best service!"
"Flew from Bethel AK to Anchorage AK on a 737-400 Combi. Flight left on time and service was great. Flight attendants were very nice and smiled. I purchased a Mediterranean Tapas picnic pack for $6 and it was very good. A couple of days later flew from Anchorage AK to Juneau AK on a lei themed 737-800 which is rare for the route (usually only 737-400s are flown). It was nice having an adjustable headrest but I noticed that the seats on the 737-800 don't recline as much as the seats on the older 737-400. The flight was pretty empty with only 50 passengers. The flight attendants seemed tired and didn't smile as much but the service was still okay. Flight left on time. 737-400 Combi's don't have inflight Wi-Fi but all the 737-800s do for a charge of $4.95 for a single flight pass. Overall Alaska Airlines is a great airline."
"LAX-ANC-LAX. Seats were very comfortable and the staff service was great. They even gave us free peanuts and cookies! Although all of these were good the in-flight entertainment is horrible. It is basically an IPad that you rent at $12. Not worth it. Overall this was a great airline. I would definitely fly Alaska Airlines again."
"Flew from San Jose to Fairbanks via Seattle. A good trip. Flight was on time. We knew no food was served so took our own. AA guarantee that if you don't receive your bags within 20 minutes of the plane arriving at the gate they will pay compensation ($20 I think). Our bags arrived within this time limit."
"We flew from Seattle to Las Vegas with a connection in Portland as a direct flight would have meant hanging around too long. As we live in UK we were nervous that flights would be delayed given some negative reviews here. Everything went smoothly and right on time. We were impressed with complimentary drinks service given that similar budget airlines in the UK all charge for drinks. Our return flight direct to Seattle was again on time . We found baggage check in quick and friendly and with the exception of one rather curt stewardess everyone else was absolutely fine."
"PHX-SEA-PHX. Service was great. They were on time. Boeing 737-800 both ways. I would recommend."
"On time and even had two inflight beverage services from Los Angeles to Seattle. This was economy. On the way back to Los Angeles I flew First Class. Was nice to have a meal."
"SEA-MFR via PDX then PDX-SEA. All flights on time. Service great. No complaints except maybe the skimpy selection of beverages but these are such short flights."
"Flew from Honolulu to Newark return in First. Flew Alaska last year in first and was so impressed booked with them again. Great service and the meals are just some of the best I have had on a plane. Flights were on time except for a delay because of weather but that's flying for you. Cant blame the airline for that. The staff are helpful and polite. Love the small first class of only 16 seats. Makes it feel like being on a small business jet as very individual service. Again well done to Alaska and would fly with them again."
"SJC-OGG SJC-LIH SAN-BOS return in F on relatively new 737-800 aircraft. While Alaska planes may not have the \"bells and whistles\" of JetBlue or Virgin America Alaska succeeds by running a very reliable operation offering a decent inflight product and friendly service. From Bay Area to Hawaii I was able to upgrade to First via online check-in for $100. Worth every penny! Check-in was fast and no charge for 2 bags. On board pre-flight beverages offered and menus were distributed. Mid-range wine choices but glasses were kept refilled throughout. The Alaskan Amber beer is quite good too. Breakfast served in 2 courses and Lunch/Dinner in 3 courses and the pace of service was quite relaxed. A snack later in the flight. Food and portions were very good on all flights. Crew were very polite and addressed passengers by last name. One FA even personally thanked each passenger for their business at the end. IFE consisted of a \"digeplayer\" providing a wide choice. The touchscreen worked well and the picture was clear although the sound quality will be much better if you bring your own headphones. F seats are basic domestic F but the extra width and legroom certainly make the upgrade worthwhile. Best part is their excellent on-time performance. I've only encountered 2 delays in the past 30+ flights."
"Victoria - Seattle - Maui return in First Class. The service was impeccable and breakfast on the outbound flight was very good and spread out over a couple of hours which helped pass the time. Lunch on the inbound flight was equally good with a choice of sirloin steak or sweet and sour chicken. Frequent offers of alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages throughout the flights. Individual entertainment tablets with a wide range of films and TV shows. Attendants were very friendly and attentive. All the flights departed on time and arrived on time. This is the first time travelling on Alaska First Class and it was well worth the additional cost. My only disappointment was The Boardroom at Sea-Tac. It was pretty drab with a poor choice of food/snacks (both in the morning and early evening). It is certainly not worth $45 a visit. It is not a patch on Air Canada's Maple Leaf lounges."
"After a very unsatisfying flight on Delta from ATL to SEA it was a privilege to board our Alaska Airlines flight to ANC. Not only the extra legroom and comfort of the aircraft but the excellent cabin crew made me forget the horrible service Delta had just delivered."
"ANC to RNO with stop in SEA. I must admit that I was pleased with Alaska and Horizon Air in both directions. I flew their 737/8 on the way down and the 900 model on return. Planes were clean service was much better than I have had in the past. If they keep it up I may end up with them again soon. Good job and a decent price for what I received."
"I flew from SEA to PHX the flight was great the ground staff and inflight staff very accommodating. They give out free snacks and a choice to purchase a inflight meal/snack. I will be flying Alaska Airlines again."
"Shuttle flight from Seattle to Portland and we missed the original connection as our international flight was late. AS couldn't have done more to help us and got us on the standby list on loaded and even sat together. Quick flight friendly crew and always my first choice for us domestic flights."
"DCA-LAX on a 737-800. Plane pushed back from the gate 15 minutes before scheduled departure time and was in the air right on time (I can't remember the last time this has happened). Aircraft was very clean and the leather seats were very comfortable. The crew did 3 drink runs and we received plenty of updates from the flight deck which I always appreciate. Will definitely consider flying them again since they have a codeshare agreement with American Airlines."
"Seattle to Maui return. Planes departed on time and arrived slightly early both ways. Baggage was already waiting for us when we arrived in claim area. Attendants were very courteous and pleasant. Food purchased was just fine-deli pack. I usually travel Alaska if possible and have not had anything to complain about. They have always departed on time and done a good job!"
"SFO-SJD return. The flight to Los Cabos left and arrived on time the return flight left half an hour early but was required to circle SFO for almost as long before landing. Snacks on the 2hr 40min flights were edible nothing more. FAs were attentive. Seats were comfortable but legroom was as tight as any I've experienced in a first class (or business class) cabin. Alaska now departs from the new SJD terminal it lacks some of the features - dining options in particular - that made the \"old\" one a pleasant place to await boarding."
"First class KOA-PDX. Flight was on time. Seats fine. Food fine. In-flight entertainment (individual hand- held devices) fine. Nothing spectacular but we had no complaints. We chose Alaska over Hawaiian because it was fully refundable in first class and also non-stop from Kona to Portland where as Hawaiian was not unless you purchased a much more expensive ticket."
"I recently flew round-trip from Boston to Seattle on Alaska Airlines. I was happy that we: 1) arrived safely 2) arrived on-time. I didn't check a bag so cannot rate their handling of my luggage. I was surprised to learn that even on longer haul flights in-flight entertainment was not complimentary as it is on other airlines. In addition the food offerings had no hot meal suitable for a vegetarian at any meal. My seat on the flight to SEA was very uncomfortable but adequate on the return flight. Alaska Airlines got the major points right but there's plenty of room for improvement!"
"The day we were to depart was a bad weather day for the North Eastern part of the country and the aircraft we were to take from Reagan International was delayed due to weather. When we arrived at the airport shortly before the flight I received a call regarding this delay. When we finally go to the ticket counter the agent informed us that we would more than likely miss our connecting flight and they wanted us to depart from Dulles. After speaking to the customer service agent we were informed of the situation and they would pay for a taxi to get to Dulles send our bags and upgrade us on the United flight to first class. We got to Dulles with time to spare boarded our flight and got to California early enough to get a good nights rest before catching our connection. End result we arrived to our destination refreshed on time and ready. Our luggage arrived with us as well."
"DCA-SEA Dec 24 Y class. Orderly bordering and flight left on time (it helped that DCA was practically empty at 5pm on Christmas eve). Seats clean and definitely provided more legroom than my United flight a few weeks later. Service efficient but nothing extraordinary. Solid and consistent performance."
"BLI to HNL on 26 December 2012. Alaska's in-flight staff were excellent on this flight. Three beverage services and free mai tai's before landing. The rented Digiplayer was delivered promptly after take-off. Staff were all very cheerful and did their best to make our flight enjoyable. Excellent work."
"Excellent flight on new 739-900ER yesterday (AS 109) from SEA to ANC. Excellent crew and great service all in light on a very bumpy flight due to strong winds along the route. Last few flights on AS have really been good with on time departures and arrivals."
"I fly Alaska a lot - MVP Gold for several consecutive years. I maintain this status mainly through partner airline miles. The main reason I stick with Alaska is that they have direct flights to two of my primary destinations from SEA where other airlines have stops in between. Service on Alaska is wildly variable. One flight will be the best service I can remember and the very next flight will be painful and unpleasant. So - if you are lucky and get a newer aircraft and a good crew you are good to go. If on the other hand you get one of the worn-out planes and/or a crew that couldn't care less if you were there or not."
"Flew from SFO to Seattle Seattle to LA and then Seattle to SFO. Check in and boarding was seamless - for each flight we departed either on time or ahead of the scheduled departure time and luggage was always ready to be picked up within 20 mins of exiting the aircraft. Flight crew are friendly. Will fly with them again."
"I choose Alaska over United on my flights from LAX to PDX or SEA because they fly 737 and not commuters and offer a better Coach product than United. Crew seems happy to be there and they have hot food to purchase with good coffee! Having Wifi is a plus as well."
"Flew Newark to Honolulu via Seattle and Bellingham First Class. First time with Alaska. Very impressive. Seats comfortable food was great. The flight from Bellingham to Honolulu had the best airline food I have had. The crew were friendly on all legs. One thing that did annoy was that even though an announcement was made at the start of each flight that the front toilet was for first class only during the flight Economy passengers would use it and not be stopped. The digeplayer was not up to the standard of in seat units and did not have a good selection. But overall excellent flights. Would fly with them again."
"Alaska Airlines is slightly better than other major U.S. carriers. Like the legacy carriers they have also done away with blankets entertainment and free coach food. Fortunately flight attendants were actually kind and I did find the seats to be noticeably more comfortable. Having a friendly smiling crew and a nice seat made quite a difference."
"I booked a one way trip from Seattle to Los Angeles and after reading some of the negative comments I was a little concerned. It turned out my worries were unfounded. I booked my trip online some time before the trip and got a very reasonable price. I was able to select seats on reservation and was able to change them when checking in online. On arrival at Seatac check in was smooth and swift and the boarding process was well organised. Staff on board were pleasant and informative and I found the on board wi-fi excellent - and cheaper than what some hotels charge! All in all a very pleasant flight and would certainly use Alaska again without any hesitation."
"MCI-SEA-ANC- May 2012. All flights on time no delays. Had an excellent Tuscan pasta dish. Return was also without hitch long layover in SEA but got passes to the Boardroom and enjoyed to space and quiet. All of our flights on Alaska have been positive and enjoyable."
"Overall my flight was very pleasant. The crew were nice and friendly and for the most part the plane was clean. They forgot the digeplayers however and the wifi was iffy so definitely bring a ipad along with you with non-wifi apps. The headrests are annoying for shorter passenger as they are literally a pain in the neck. Overall Alaska Airlines was a cheap alternative to other airlines to Seattle."
"PDX-LGB return. While the flight was technically on SkyWest it is abundantly clear that this is an Alaska Air operation from the plane livery to the standard level of service given - which is to say a cut above. Clean CRJ planes 2x beverage service - no charge for microbrew beer or Pacific Northwest wines arrived on time with not much fuss. Only quibbles were the standard narrow CRJ seating and any food other than a package of pretzels had to be purchased. I liked the fact that the counter person suggested I check my bag plane- side avoiding the ridiculous $20 surcharge on all counter-checked luggage."
"OGG-SEA-BOS First Class. Flying in first class and not having to worry about paying $18 for the video player plus 2 suitcases each was almost worth it. We boarded on time and were given a plastic cup of water. The flight attendant took our coats and was polite and attentive. He let us know our food choices and was very attentive throughout the flight. We arrived early into SEA and had a 3 hour layover we went to the first class lounge in another terminal but had time to kill. Free food relaxing and comfortable lounge was appreciated. We boarded on time for BOS and again were given great service and lots of attention. I was pleased with my time in first class and just booked again for our return next Feb."
"ATL-SEA in First Class. Lamb dinner was very good. Service excellent. New version of Digiplayer entertainment system is a big improvement. Left on time arrived a little early. Seat comfortable. Couldn't ask for much more."
"Cost-cutting measures are showing more and more. Although first class is quite expensive it really isn't worth the extra expense anymore except for the larger seats and increased legroom. Meal service is a shadow of what it used to be just a few years ago. A recent flight from Anchorage to Seattle features a chicken curry salad that was frightful while the nice desserts have shrunk to a small piece of candy. Not impressed."
"YVR-LAX-YVR. Both flights relatively full and on-time. Great service FAs and surprisingly comfortable seats (though narrow). The only negative thing to point out is their terminal in LAX which is not good at all - overcrowded and dirty."
"My family and I were scheduled to traveled from DC to Seattle this week but we accidentally went to the wrong airport. Our mistake completely however you would have never guessed that considering the way the ground crew treated us. They immediately got us rescheduled on another flight to LA and on again to Seattle. They made sure we had our seats together as much as possible and were as hospitable as could possibly be. I've always felt that our prior experiences on Alaska Air were always good but I was truly impressed with their service on this last trip. I am certain that we would not have had such luck on any other airline. I want to thank Alaska Air for making a possible bad situation a positive and comfortable day for us."
"I've had to fly Alaska almost every Monday morning and Thursday evening for the past 2.5 months from Seattle to Oakland because of a project I was on. Their miles plan is quite generous and I will continue to book with them. Consistently good things about Alaska are their customer service quality (always respectful and accommodating) and on-time flight status (not one single late flight with the exception of a bomb threat which isn't their fault). Consistent areas for improvement with Alaska are their seat comfort (the adjustable headrests are good on the larger planes but the smaller ones lack them and the seat bottoms across are painfully hard across the board - a 1.5 hour flight should not have me in physical pain at the end of it) their wi-fi offerings (there is no way I am paying $10 for slow internet access for 1.5 hours; that's absurd) and their MVP Gold status is so heavily overloaded now that it seems like the majority of the flight is boarded early by them rather than normal flyers (they need to consider revising how these points are earned and applied). Overall I have enjoyed them however and I will continue to use them for my return flights now that my weekly commute has moved to a Seattle-to-Houston trip (there are no nonstop flights going to Houston on Sunday afternoons with Alaska or its partner airlines so I'll have to get there using Continental and come back on Alaska which is fine)."
"SEA-MIA. I had the misfortune of missing my flight the night before (my fault). I ended up flying out the next morning on my birthday my travel partner mentioned to the FAs that it was my birthday. They went out of their way and made me feel quite special. The FA asked me if I liked sweet or sour and soon came back with a special drink which he'd put dry ice in to make it bubbly! Then later they lent me a complimentary movie player. They were small gestures but really made my day. The service was great."
"San Diego to Seattle return. The overall trip was excellent. The crew were nice and gave me a free extra snack. My carry-on was 2 inches larger than the maximum but the gate agent offered to consider it check-in luggage for no extra cost. Only negative point is that both landings were hard especially at San Diego."
"Burbank CA to Seattle WA. My mother is quite elderly staff were very courteous from the moment she exited the car. She was supplied with a wheelchair with and pushed by a staff member to both the ticket counter and security without waiting and then helped onto the plane. The trip went without a hitch."
"Bellingham to Las Vegas return. The flight was great and they provided us a free snack and drinks. Seats were comfortable crew are very friendly. Both flights were on-time. The only negative is that don't have enough check- in counters and staff at Bellingham it was a mess lining up."
"MFR-PDX-LAS. Adequate flight to Portland with Horizon. Limited service and bumpy ride in crowded Bombardier. Great flight with Alaska in First after chaotic boarding at Portland. Pleasant cabin and comfy seat. Inflight service good drinks flowed freely though the meal wasn't to my taste."
"BLI-HNL on 737-800. ALOHA card on seat with \"Here's the Flight Plan\" on one side and \"Island Trivia\" on the other side sets the Hawaiian mood. Complimentary macadamia nuts and mai tai near arrival leaves a good impression. FA's efficient served free juices and cookie. Does not compare with international flights on Asian carriers but about as good as can be expected nowadays on a domestic flight."
"LAX-YVR Economy. Boarding was a little chaotic and confusing as the announcements were not made clearly and sometimes hard to hear in the big departure hall at LAX. Staff seemed pretty laid back but were generally helpful. Nice to see an airline that still serves free snacks and drinks. 737-800 was in average condition with pretty basic interior decor."
"SEA-YKM on Horizon (connecting to international flights in SEA) but I have been a customer for over 15 yrs. The interior of their planes is standard but their service is what puts them above other American carriers. Numerous times when flying out of YKM and connecting in Seattle to Continental Delta BA etc they have waived second bag fees. Ground staff gate staff and FA are all helpful and genuinely want to make your trip easier. On their longer domestic flights Alsaka still has the full service feel that was the norm in the early 90s. What really sets the apart is that twice now my flight to YKM has been cancelled or forced to return to Seattle due to freezing fog and both times I have been given a full refund without argument from the call centre staff. Highly recommended by a very loyal flyer."
"In general Alaska Air has been my number one go to airline. They have been customer service oriented for as long as I can remember. The only bad experience I had was when I had MVP Gold status. I called the then Horizon MVP line and asked to have my husband seated next to me. They refused since he was not an MVP Gold. So I called the Alaska MVP Gold number and they put him next to me no questions asked. As for booking I recently booked a vacation through Alaska and had a difficult time. It would not pull in any of my account information from either my personal or EasyBiz account so I had to enter it all manually. Also unlike when you book just a flight you cannot pick your seats in their vacation page. I found both of these items to be frustrating. I doubt I will book a vacation through their site again. I will do everything separately."
"I was a little surprised to read the negative reviews of Alaska. I have always flown them and almost always satisfied and comfortable. Most recently I went Juneau to Kona and back with no complaints. I have found them better than other American carriers I have flown. Also of note due to flying in bad weather in Alaska most of their planes have cutting edge navigation technology in the cockpits."
"BZN-SIT-BZN. Thanks to having a friend who works for the airline we were able to fly standby over an extended Easter weekend. We got everything we should have had we been paying the regular fare - planes were on time crews were friendly enough baggage was unloaded promptly the snacks were unappetizing the cabins were clean and seating was comfortable enough. We appreciated the efforts of the gate staff in Seattle to keep us informed of seating status on a full flight to Sitka (we were the last ones on the plane). The only complaint I have is a mild one and while not the airline's fault I mention it in hopes that maybe the airline will lobby a bit harder - the waiting area at the Sitka airport past security is cramped and without restrooms or any other amenities and the only food outlet at the airport was closed for the holiday."
"SEA-LAS. One of the very few direct flights to Las Vegas from Seattle so choice is very limited. I ask for very little on a short haul flight. There was a free soft drink and the usual packet of indescribable pretzels. Decent seat size and overall a clean aircraft. Landing at McCaron improves any flight as it is one of the best domestic airports I have ever been to. Functional though unspectacular."
"Kona-Oakland First Class. A very comfortable flight despite the conditions at Kona International (no loungeno wifi etc). B737-800) is adequate for the 5 hour flight. Great flight attendants good food and drink fairly comfortable seat and decent entertainment via a Digiplayer."
"LAX-MEX-LAX January 2011. I had not flown on Alaska in quite a few years. This airline is in my opinion better than the average US carrier. B737-800 was clean newish and with pleasant staff warm snack. No baggage fee! Overall I would recommend Alaska Airlines."
"OGG-PDX-LAX and OGG-SEA return. We live on Maui and use both Alaska and Hawaiian Airlines to travel. This is a new market for Alaska and we hope they continue to improve their service. These flights were okay - standard mainland business class. Food was average. Service was good and attentive. What is lacking is a seat with better pitch foot rests and pillows or blankets. Hawaiian Airlines give you a seat with about 140 degree recline leg and foot rests and pillows and blankets. Both airlines are attentive to needs but Hawaiian has the edge with unsolicited water drinks etc. Costwise Alaska charges about $300 less than Hawaiian. For the money and the additional comfort I want Hawaiian is the better deal. But keep trying Alaska."
"First class from Atlanta to Seattle. The service was attentive and friendly. The meal on Alaska was beautifully presented flavorful and nourishing."
"STL-SEA-ANC December 24-25. Upgraded on a whim at check-in in STL. Took a little time for the agent to get it taken care of. Some slight delay due to de-icing. First Class STL-SEA pleasant crew in a holiday mood. Safety briefing done to \"The Night Before Christmas\" fun and got people's attention. Good meal and attentive service. Economy class SEA-ANC. Crew was not as jolly as previous flight and the cabin was full. Still good service. All luggage there when we arrived in ANC early Christmas morning."
"SFO-ANC. Economy class flight was fairly good. The crew was courteous and efficient. The cabin was clean. Flight was on time and checked bags came fairly quickly."
"LAX-MFR via Portland in first class. Both flights on time. Staff very professional. The \"light meal\" seemed rather skimpy since this flight took place around dinner time."
"Very pleasant flight in Y-class from Newark to Seattle on Christmas eve. Online check-in to boarding were all a breeze. Clean plane leather seats and friendly and professional flight attendants that offered frequent beverage service. Two attendants in particular were warm friendly and professional and made the flight quite enjoyable."
"SEA-PHX in first class for the holidays. The first leg left an hour late due to the lavs not working. They brought around water and orange juice while waiting the hour on board. Breakfast served was pretty tasty. Return trip left on time drinks served quickly. Dinner also very tasty. Landed back in SEA early and checked luggage was very prompt. All in all Alaska air is improving their first class experience."
"Miami-Seattle. The inflight experience was great however it was a different story at the airport. Alaska Air is located in concourse E (or Central Terminal) at Miami Airport. The ticket counter area is small and a very inconvenient part of the airport. Unless you arrive very early for check in the line will stretch to where it will block the entrance to a food court behind the counter the exit path of Concourse E the entrance to a TSA check point and the exit of Customs located just below them. The flight departs from Concourse F and the upside to the airport is that there are only about a handful of flights departing from F that morning so TSA checkpoint a breeze. Boarding process was poor there were no pre boarding announcements and passengers just saw other's making the line to board and assumed it was time to board no matter what row they were in. The cabin crew was attentive and cheerful there was actually space in the overhead bins. The seats were comfortable however seat pitch was terrible! Alaska offers Gogo inflight internet and they rent DigEplayers which come with movies/games etc. The flight was 6 hours 24 mins - I had no idea a 737-800 had such a long range. The meals they served (or sold) onboard were fair at a reasonable price. We had the option for a hot or cold meal. Given the long length of the flight the crew did go around the cabin about 3 times for beverage service."
"PDX-LAS B737 a pleasurable experience. After a 4 hour wait at PDX we were very relieved to get onto the aircraft. The aircraft was a little outdated but crew more than made up for it. Very attentive and professional. Overall very efficient."
"DFW-SEA-YVR. DFW-SEA sector in first class. Crew were very chirpy for early morning flight wih smiles all round and quick service. Seating ok for domestic First and digiplayers offered free of charge. SEA-YVR with Horizon air. Gate staff pleasant as were crew. 40 minutes after boarding crew were unable to close door and we were deplaned and sent back to terminal where we informed flight was cancelled. Ground Staff were excellent handling the situation and re- booked me on the next available flight with Air Canada. Bad situation made good by well trained friendly (even got a smile) and empathetic ground staff."
"Due to booking a flight with Delta which sold the seats on Alaska beware. Alaska does not honour your original seats even though you resubmit and get confirmation of seat assignments. We had bought tickets for row 10 for my wife and I - Alaska decided to leave me in row 10 and at first had my wife in row 22 then row 28 after complaining the lady at the Kiosk put both of us in row 30 - the very rear. They do not seem to care much about customer relations. The flight was OK - on time etc."
"Coming back from Maui to Sacramento we were able to buy a 1st class upgrade for $100 each. It was a pleasure to have the improved room and service of first class. The counter staff at the Maui airport were extremely helpful and courteous. The food and service were great compared to traveling in coach. We feel we had a great value."
"Verified Review | Fort Wayne to St. Petersburg. I had completely different experiences at the airports. Fort Wayne had amazing staff and were very accommodating! Once I got PIE it was a completely terrible experience! Fort Wayne has great staff and the manager there was exceptional! St. Petersburg could really learn customer service skills! My ratings are only applied to Fort Wayne."
"Verified Review | Harrisburg to Orlando Sanford. Could not have been more happy with the experience from use of app for boarding, to the airport and then the plane. It was my son's first flight and he couldn't have had a better time. Yes, you have to pay extra for baggage and seat selection (as you do with most airlines now), but with the low airfares, it is still cheaper! The staff and pilots were extraordinary. The A320 we flew home in was practically brand new (they are moving towards an all Air Bus fleet). Flights were on time, no delays - arrived at destinations early. Also rented car through Allegiant and all I needed was the app on my phone to pick up. Overall great experience and will fly Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | We decided to use Allegiant Air to travel from Stockton to San Diego direct flight and value good. Once Allegiant opened we check in, luggage. Customer service representative at Allegiant was able to scan our boarding tickets from my phone. I would recommend you down load Allegiant app on your phone and pre-check in night before this process will be easy process. My friend recommended this and made it easier for us. Before we boarded our flight I informed the staff that scanned boarding tickets, my travel partner needed assistance with wheelchair. It would be difficult for her to walk the ramp to board plane. She took care of the arrangements and my travel partner was boarded with assistance and great customer service. Our departing and returning flights on time. She advised us to ask for assistance once we arrived at San Diego Airport and returning to Stockton Airport too. Our experience with Allegiant Airlines was great! Thank you!"
"Verified Review | Fort Walton Beach to Cleveland return, which apparently is only a seasonal route. The airline offers a no-frills service. When you buy your ticket you get a seat at a very reasonable fee. If you need more space you have the option to buy more at that time for a fee. If you decide later to bring more luggage, that decision will cost you a few dollars more. When you purchase your ticket, the airline will assign a seat at check in. If you need to have a specific seat, you can purchase that seat for a fee. The airline boards in about 6 or 7 zones, based on seat assignments. If you are the kind of person who likes to get on early, you can pay for that as well. Lastly, tickets are non refundable, and allow for no changes. So, if you think there is a pretty chance you will need to change you ticket, you had better buy the option to change it for a small fee. The planes I flew were A320s, which seat about 177, no seat back pockets and seats are fixed in place and do not recline. You get no free snacks or beverages, you can use major credit card to purchase snacks and beverages. So that is Allegiant Air in a nutshell. If you can deal with that, it is a great value. My flights were on time, actually one arrived early, and the staff was polite and professional. The airline starts boarding about 45 minutes before scheduled departure, so arrive early; because they do close the door 15 minutes before departure and you ain't getting on. I would fly Allegiant again, and recommend them."
"Verified Review | We paid $89 to fly with Allegiant Air from Las Vegas to El Paso TX. Our expectations were \"you get what you paid for\" but actually it was far better than we expected. Our flight was supposed to be departing at 7am, it was 7.40am when we departed but it wasn't the airlines fault and they kept us informed about the situation. We arrived at the airport at 6.15am, the employees were friendly and when we told them our flight was at 7am they sent us to the front of the line. When checking the bags they were supposed to weigh 40 lbs and we ended up with 42 lbs, they didnt charge us any extra fee. It was a really good experience and we will fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Allegiant was one of the better flights I have taken in the last year. While everything is a-la-carte right down to a carry-on bag, to a bottle of water, the price was amazing, the flight attendants were professional, the airplane was new and clean and our flight departed and landed on time. We will fly Allegiant whenever possible as long as the rates and quality service continue to be amazing. My advice - take advantage of paying for the checked baggage or carry when booking or when they email you a flight reminder. Do you know you get one carry-on free as long as it can be placed under the seat in front of you. If you have to store it in the over-head bin then you have to pay. Also, drinks are $2 each, credit card only, no cash. However, I paid $3.90 for a bottle of diet soda in the airport when I could have bought one for $2 in flight. Knowing your options up front is the key to a successful trip with Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Flew from Newark to Knoxville with my family of four. Tickets were $58/per person. Flights are very specific with regard to what days/times they fly to & from locations so you have to be flexible if you want a great deal! Our Thursday flight out of Newark was at 11:57am, because that's the only flight they have on Thursdays. We weren't able to fly home with Allegiant because they're flight between TYS & EWR on a Sunday is a 9am flight (like I said, very specific) and 9am on Sunday morning didn't leave us enough time to enjoy our last day away. So here's the scoop, the seats don't recline, food and drinks are for a fee (nothing is complimentary), and there's a fee to pick specific seats on the plane so your party can all sit together. That all being said, we left on time, the flight attendants were friendly and professional, the ride was smooth, and we arrived 5 mins early. The next time we travel, Allegiant will be the first airline I check with for travel deals. No complaints what-so-ever."
"Verified Review | Oakland to El Paso. Fantastic last-minute airfare. Flights departed on time and arrived early. Cabin crew was top-notch. Ultra-friendly and helpful. Boarding process was fast and efficient. In-flight announcements were crystal clear. Aircraft aren't new. You pay for every service, including in-flight refreshments. And you pay for carry-on bags. But, you're sometimes able to get a round-trip airfare fewer than four days before departure for the price of other airlines' cheapest fare."
"Verified Review | St. Petersburg to Huntington. I have always been very happy with Allegiant. I have been flying this route routinely for the last 3-4 years. I have experienced few delays, ground and in-flight staff been always polite and accommodating. From booking the trip to arriving at destination, I have only good things to say. Good value for the money. I really hope they continue to fly this route for a long time!"
"Verified Review | Mesa to Springfield. We had a situation that required a ticket modification. A staff member with Allegiant out of Las Vegas was so gracious and patient. She went above an beyond the call of duty to listen carefully to what we needed, to reassure us that she was there to help us and then to make the necessary changes to the ticket so we could extend a stay to attend to a family matter. We have flown extensively around the world over the last 20 years. Her care stands out as exceptional and ranks as one of the best customer services experiences we have ever had."
"Verified Review | Punta Gorda to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air. Flights have always been on time, uneventful, and flight crews have always been friendly and helpful. Some may complain about the comfort and add-ons/upcharges, however, it is a discount airline, and with that, the fancier whistles and bells some higher prices carriers offer aren't going to be offered. No, the seats aren't the most comfortable, especially for plus sized individuals, but again, it's not meant to be first class accommodations when flying a discount carrier. Overall, I am pleased with my experiences with Allegiant, and will both recommend and fly them again in the future."
"Verified Review | Fort Walton Beach to Las Vegas. In hindsight I should've definitely taken the car rental discount Allegiant Air offered. I would recommend and will fly with allegiant again. Unless you need the extra legroom or just prefer a certain seat or need to sit together, I wouldn't pay to reserve a seat. Perfect for short trips!"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Medford with Allegiant Air. I have flown this route every few months over the last 5 years. This airline offers amazing value. If you just buy the basic ticket (let them assign your seat, use mobile boarding pass, and pack light in a backpack), your price is always 50% less than the competing airlines. I think it is amazing. As far as airline performance, I would say 90% of my trips have been uneventful with no major delays or problems. I think that is pretty standard for air travel. I've experienced just as many delays or cancellations flying this route with Alaska or United."
"Unverified | Knoxville to Fort Walton Beach. This was my first flight using Allegiant Air. The 2 concourse employees plus the two agents at the counter were shabbily dressed and those at the concourse were eating and drinking at their kiosk in plain sight of the customers. Once onboard we were very professionally greeted by the 4 flight attendents! The lead gave the usual intructions preflight but spoke in such a rapid manner it was very difficult to understand him. When beverage service began I put my tray down only to see it was filthy with crumbs and greasy fingerprints which I brought to the attendent's attention. She did immediatley return with a clean wipe and cleaned my tray. I noted that crumbs were all over the floor in front! All 4 attendents were very professional and neatly dressed. The pilot and copilot never came out of the cockpit to thank the passengers for flying Allegiant as very usual on all flights. I must congratulate the ground crew at VPS for their rapid unloading of our luggage for it was the fastest I have ever encountered! By the way, my flight number was 684VPS on 3/06 and my seat allocation was zone 3 seat 10E. We were informed was only 1/2 filled but we were not allowed to change our seats because of \"security\" reasons. I much prefer a window seat. I confirmed my reservation as requested 24 hours before departure online. The flight was supposed to take 1 hour and yet we arrived at our destination 20 minutes early! I love the cheap prices of tickets and easy to access online site."
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant Air from Raleigh to New Orleans. No frills airline, solid bang for your buck. Yes, you get nickel and dimed for literally everything (all the way down to printing boarding passes $5). No, the seats do not recline. No, there isn't wifi on board. No, you don't get a free drink for flying (drinks/snacks offered aren't outrageously priced). No, the gate staff aren't the best. Yes, flight attendants are just as good if not better than some I have flown with. Would definitely fly again. We were delayed on our initial flight out of RDU to MSY for Mardi Gras due to mechanical issues, but that happens to every airline. The direct flight that's offered now was significantly cheaper (over $400) than other airlines and honestly no complaints other than the nickel and diming and the initial delay. Would fly again."
"Unverified | I had another great experience with Allegiant Air flying from Concord, NC to St. Petersburg, FL. This is probably my tenth time flying them and I continue to be impressed. Yes, they are an ultra-discount airline which means that you pay for any necessary add-ons. When you do your reservation on-line, you will see all the added fees before hand and not have any sticker shock at the airport. My round-trip from Concord, NC to St. Petersburg took place without a hitch. Both flights were on-time. The crews (except for one surly-faced flight attendant on the flight down to St. Petersburg) were all polite and professional. The planes were very clean and the gate crews at both ends did a good job of getting everyone on the plane in an orderly and timely manner. I would definitely fly with Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Las Vegas. I love Allegiant Air, it is great value, with wonderful flight crew and direct flights. I've flown them at least 5 times with no issues. I think some people get put off by some reviews, but for a long weekend somewhere, Allegiant Air is usually always the best value in my opinion, and I always buy the extra perks."
"Verified Review | Stewart to St Pete Clearwater. I flew alone with my 3 kids (their first time on a flight, ages 6, 4 and 2). I didn't pay for seat locations so I had them assign our seats. They were great to place us next to each other however I couldn't do online check in. I had to wait at the ticket counter to check in and get charged $5 for each boarding pass to be printed. The plane is no frills but I came prepared with snacks and ipads and crafts for my kids to pass the time. On the return flight we were supposed to get a huge snow storm at home. Allegiant cancelled the flight around 12 pm when our flight was set to leave at 7 am. I received a text and email which was nice and a few minutes after that another one with the new flight info. I was nervous since Allegiant only flies Thursday and Sunday to my destination but they rescheduled it for the following day, Friday. Overall I am very pleased with Allegiant and look forward to flying with them again!"
"Verified Review | Memphis to Las Vegas. I had a very mixed experience with Allegiant. First, our flight was delayed, but they emailed and texted us almost 2 hours before to let us know that would be the case. It happens, we appreciated the heads up. We were a little disappointed by the absolute now frills and nickel and diming that the airline does, but that's what you get with a low cost airline. Our big hiccup came when we landed in Las Vegas and found out that our bags had not been loaded on the plane. That meant that my wife and I, and our 3 year old and 1 year old had nothing (Due to charging for carry-on's we chose just to check everything). We were on vacation for 10 days and it took them 7 days to get our bags and car seats to us. But before I condemn anyone, Allegiant did right by us. They told us to go out and buy what we needed and they would reimburse us. Obviously we were skeptical, especially as the days went on without us getting our bags or car seats. But when all was said and done, they did reimburse us and we got a weeks worth of clothes out of it. It wasn't an amazing experience, but they did what they could to make it right. I'd definitely give them another shot."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Oakland with Allegiant Air. This airline got the job done. Simple as that. Customer Service over the phone is terrible. I've spent a collective 3 hours trying to get in contact with a representative. Speaking with the workers of Allegiant at the airport, they even confirmed that trying to contact Customer Service over the phone was an average 45 minutes to an hour. Ridiculous. The flight attendants were great people. I would recommend this airline, but only to those who understand that it's not going to be a great experience if they run into issues and need to contact customer service."
"Verified Review | Flint to Clearwater. My girlfriend, my friends and myself fly Allegiant very regularly. Out of our last 10 round trip flights we have had one overnight delay and 2 one hour delays. Which in the big picture of life is nothing."
"Verified Review | Newark to Savannah. Allegiant Air is a very good budget airline. As you would expect, you will pay extra for even carry-on bags, but since that's known, the net final payment for a round trip ticket was really quite good. What we also got (a very pleasant surprise( was good legroom. I am 6' 6\", with a 36\" inseam - this was a really comfortable seat and there was plenty of room between my knees and the seatback in front of me. Our round-trip, Newark to Savannah, was really good and on-time. We'll definitely use them again!"
"Verified Review | Grand Rapids to Fort Lauderdale. I just reached my final Florida destination via Allegiant Air. I believe other postings of Flight 1729 gives a pretty good description of a New Years Eve we will never forget. I believe I take another view on how the crew on the flight and the ground crew handled this event. First if the captain refused to question the inspection we may not be here to complain. The crew did hand out snacks and juice to drink. They used what they had, and kept their stress under control considering the flack they had to endure. We needed to add fuel, because the captain kept the engines running to maintain our comfort. Our cell phones were receiving updates all evening our flight was resumed the next day. Trust me by the time we got to the hotel Allegiant Air put us up in we managed to only get 3 hrs sleep. But the ground crew returned the next morning to check us in, with less sleep. Our compensation $100.00 voucher was not adequate. So hats off to hard working employees of Allegiant Air Grand Rapids. However management missed it opportunity to make it right to all of us on Flight 1729."
"I flew roundtrip Phoenix to Springfield. I was nervous to fly Allegiant given many of the other reviews, but we had no problems. To describe this airline as no frills would be an understatement, but I was only looking to get from Point A to Point B, and they did the job. I don't understand the reviews complaining about getting nickeled and dimed. That is the business model. You pay a low fare for the ticket. If you want to sit in a specific seat or with a group, or if you want to bring a bag, you have to pay extra. They aren't screwing you - if you bother to do a little research, you can make an informed decision. Service is a little lacking, and the planes are a little shopworn, but I would have no qualms about flying Allegiant again."
"Flight from Knoxville to Vegas was very smooth. I did not see much difference flying with Allegiant Air versus the major airlines including Delta and United. The major difference is their pricing tier. It seems with Alligent everything is separate charges and other airlines one charge. This gives the concept of nickel and diming consumers. I did like the direct flight. I have booked another flight for next year. I did pay extra to pick my seat and others may not need to do this. I like extra leg room and willing to pay. Hope next trip is as smooth."
"St. PeteClearwater to Tri-Cities Regional Airport. Nothing bad to say about this airline, very friendly staff. Pilot was outstanding, very friendly, entertaining, made you feel comfortable in putting your life in his hands! Love the prices! I live in Florida, Tampa area and my children/grandchildren are in VA; Tri City area and Richmond - no problem jumping on a plane for a long weekend visit, with no changing planes! Will continue to use Allegiant. People who are complaining about having to pay for seat, luggage, ticket - compare to what other airlines charge with the reminder of changing planes just about every time you fly!"
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Baltimore. Allegiant Air is awesome. Their presence at CVG opens up many opportunities to fly nonstop on a limited budget or limited time. One hour in the air versus one day of driving saves me one day of PTO, or a vacation one day longer. I'm a very frequent flier on several airlines, and the value for money with Allegiant is excellent. I prefer a la carte pricing. Since I'm normally carry-on-only, I don't want to pay for someone else's checked luggage, but I'm more than happy to pay a little extra for legroom and priority boarding - both of which were well worth the money. I skipped to the front of the line while checking my bag (the $6 I paid for priority boarding includes priority check-in / bag check), and had enormous legroom in my seat. Frequent flier hack: I found that I could get a cheaper international ticket on a mainline airline out of Washington DC than I could via anywhere in Ohio so I took Allegiant to BWI, then continued on from there to England. Saved $500 that way! On discount airlines (Frontier/Allegiant), I always tip the flight attendants, they are very grateful, and I never go thirsty."
"Albuquerque to Los Angeles return with Allegiant Air. Review their policies before you head to the airport. Checking in at the counter will cost an additional $5 each way. I downloaded the app which worked well for passes and only had a personal item. The prices cannot be beat. I saved $300 over competitors. The flights were on time. Service was bizarre. Flight attendants wore ripped jeans, and were completely disinterested in providing service. Seats are uncomfortable, but I acknowledge I am 6'3 so flying is usually not a joy for me. For the short 1.5 hour flight, it is passable, especially for a fraction of the price of other airlines. Allegiant uses the low cost terminal at LAX, which is terminal 3. No TSA pre-check lane, with long lines. You get what you pay for which is fine. I have booked several more trips with them, because of their cost, but am prepared to be squished. Overall, the interactions with crew were unprofessional, but I'll grin and bear it to save money."
"Verified Review | Orlando Sanford to Greenville-Spartanburg. First off, I did a dumb thing and booked our flight backwards. I called and they switched it with no problem for the cost of the difference of the tickets and did not charge the change fee. Second, we went down to Orlando when Hurricane Matthew hit. We did not want to stay during the hurricane since we have a four year old and a one year old who would have been scared to death. I was afraid for our safety as well. Allegiant switched the flight free of charge. We were able to fly out safe and sound quite literally right before the storm hit. All flights had been canceled after 10. We were supposed to fly out at 7:20, but the pilots had been delayed. We flew out at 11 and thankfully had little turbulence. I definitely recommend flying them again!"
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Fort Lauderdale with Allegiant Air. After reading the reviews here I was skeptical but given the direct flight and price I decided to take a chance. I was very happy with everything. The weight limit for suitcases was less than other airlines at only 40 pounds and you need to indicate in advance how much checked and carry on items you are bringing and pay for them. Although I paid for carry on I didn't see anyone checking this. You need to print your boarding pass in advance or they charge you $5 at the airport per person. The flight boarded on time and was turned around quickly. They board from the back forward unless you buy priority boarding. I paid for the premium economy seat and it was comfortable. They don't recline but they start out partially reclined so it was comfortable and there was decent room. It was an older plane retrofitted but I was happy with it. I would recommend this airline and I would fly them again. In Europe many of the discount airlines have similar policies so you need to read the fine print and follow their rules but all in all, a good airline, great to fly direct and great price. It's no frills though. No TV, no wifi. But for a short direct flight its worth the trade off. Hopefully they will get wifi on the flights in the future."
"My wife and I flew out of Grand Island Nebraska to Las Vegas on Friday September 23rd 2016 for the weekend. We had previously printed boarding passes so all we had left to do was go through security prior to boarding. The Flight was actually a little ahead of schedule on that day. Flight attendants were very friendly. We arrived in Las Vegas a few minutes ahead of time, took a cab to hotel. This is where my wife went into panic mode as she could not find her wallet. I contacted the airline, which took 45 minutes before someone actually answered the phone to report a missing wallet. I also contacted the airport as well and filed a report with the Las Vegas police. The wallet contained a substantial amount of money, drivers license and credit card. More than 2 weeks went by with no information on the lost wallet. On October 7th I received a phone call from Allegiant Air headquarters notifying me that the wallet was found. I applaud the flight crew on that particular flight out of Grand Island as the wallet slipped out of my wifes carry-on and one of the flight crew turned it in to lost and found with Allegiant Air. Here's the best part - Money, credit card and drivers license were all intact."
"On September 11, we left Pittsburgh to Punta Cana, an hour and a half late. During the flight (#7000) I experienced low blood sugar. The head flight attendant and the attendant working with her at the front of the plane, did everything they could and everything that I asked to get me through the episode. I thanked them at the end of the flight, for all they did, but I just wanted to go public with my sincere thank you to those two women."
"Orlando Sanford to St Louis. I fly Allegiant at least 4 times a year and fly my children and grandchildren on Allegiant when they come to visit. I also recommend Allegiant to family and friends who come to visit as well. I usually pay at least half of what the major airlines charge and that includes my checked baggage. I have only encountered one long delay and that was when I flew to Memphis. We were offered an $8 voucher for a bite to eat and $50 off our next flight. Quite frankly I did not expect that but pleased with the offer. The seats are not plush but are not uncomfortable either and my flights are usually no longer than 2 hours. The seats could use some extra padding but I am thankful they do not recline - it is a definite plus not to have the person in front of you practically lying on your lap. I am happy with paying under $200 for a round trip and $2.00 for a soda instead of getting a free soda and snack and paying over $400 for the ticket. The staff have always been courteous and try to accommodate passengers. My biggest concern is safety and pleased to report every take off and landing has been smooth. Since Allegiant flies out of smaller airports there is far less congestion and waiting."
"Fort Lauderdale to Asheville. I fly Allegiant monthly and recommend it. The website has made improvements and once one becomes accustomed to it, booking is easy. One problem is customer service via phone. Very difficult to get through. Flights in the early am are least likely to be delayed. It's a good value for the money."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Richmond. Can't beat the price! Only complaint is cost for bags should be round trip if have round trip ticket, not per flight. Economical value flight, not luxury. Pilots and staff friendly. Fly to smaller airports, which depending on trip, can be more of a hassle. As much leg room as other airlines. Will fly again."
"Flew from Pittsburgh to Myrtle Beach. My husband and I were first time flyers and glad we picked Allegiant. The flight attendants were nice and very helpful. The airline was on time going and when we came home. The airline rates were great as well. We will definitely fly with Allegiant again for our next vacation."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Punta Gorda. I traveled with my two and four year old and my two year old was a mess on the flight. All of the flight attendants went above and beyond to help me in any way they could. I am highly impressed and grateful."
"Las Vegas to Wichita.I was flying with my 18 year old son who has only flown once. We knew the airline has a reputation for being delayed, but it was ok since I didn't have a small child and had the time and patience to wait. The flight from Las Vegas to Wichita was on time and a wonderful flight. On our way from a small town outside of a Wichita (an hour away)when returning to Las Vegas, we didn't know until we got to the airport (2 hours prior as told to do) we found out our flight was delayed 2 hours. That's ok, like I said, we had time to wait. The gate representative told us they had food vouchers for us, which we used. Then they made an announcement that the flight had been canceled due to problems with our plane and they had no other planes to come get us. They offered us a hotel voucher for the night and a shuttle to get us there. All staff was apologetic and understanding, which made it easier to stomach. We knew within an hour when our flight would be going out, which was the next day (a Tuesday when they don't even fly out on Tuesdays) at the same time. We got to the airport and checked our bag and they price our boarding passes since we couldn't access them online. They gave us more.food vouchers, gave us vouchers for another flight discount within the year, remembered me from the day before and moved us along expeditiously AND the costly snacks and beverages on the plane were free to all! I understand things happen and I appreciate them not putting my son and I on a broken plane. But they were gracious and sincere about what a problem this may be to some. But they made up for it with the vouchers and discounts without someone demanding this. I will definitely fly with them again!"
"Jacksonville to Memphis. I was a little nervous after some of the reviews, but my first experience with Allegiant wasn't bad. Tickets were inexpensive. Allegiant is for those who want to simply get from Point A to Point B for the best price. Our check in bag weighed less than 40 pounds so we did not have to pay extra for that. We printed our boarding passes at home so we did not have to pay the fee to print them there. We had 2 backpacks we took on that we kept under our seats and checked in our one suitcase. Seats were comfortable to me. On flight food and drink - yeah you have to pay and originally we didn't plan on it, but $2.00 for a soda was perfectly reasonable and the Kids Snack Pack was $5.00 and it came with a pin. My son loved it. As much as we saved with the flight ticket prices, 9 bucks for 2 sodas and a kids meal pack wasn't bad at all. Check in attendants, pilot and flight attendants were friendly. Our flight was delayed but only by about 20 minutes. No major issues. Will very likely fly them again."
"Verified Review | Tulsa to New Orleans. I just completed flight 1 of a 2 flight trip. I spent time reading many Allegiant reviews just before boarding, and I can say the negative reviews were unfounded. I boarded the plane, flew to my destination and disembarked. It met my minimal expectations, I got that for which I paid. Job well done. The flight was delayed 30-45 mins but I was informed of that before I left my house. As other reviews have indicated this is an ala carte experience. Anything beyond getting a seat on the plane will cost you. Read website info carefully to minimize extra charges. We did experience some charges but still a very reasonable cost. I will make a return flight in a few days and provide an update."
"We flew from Kansas City to St. Petersburg, FL and then back. We had absolutely no issues on either flight. Both flights were on time. I was impressed with the comfortable seating (better than Southwest in my opinion). I was very skeptical to book this airline after reading all of the negative reviews of delays and cancellations so I wanted to add a very positive review. One thing I can tell you is that I have a friend that did experience a delay from Kansas City to FL but she was given vouchers for a hotel stay and food. So maybe they are improving in that regard (not sure). I will surely fly again. Unbeatable price, great seating, great staff, great pilot, great trip! They also had great options for snacks in my opinion. Yes, they do cost extra. However, I did see others bringing their own snacks aboard."
"Verified Review | This round trip flight with Allegiant Air was on time, well managed and efficient. the plane was clean and comfortable and the staff professional and polite. I have read a few complaints about this airline, but for me everything was just fine, no complaints from Punta Gorda FL to Rockford Il."
"Verified Review | My Allegiant Air flight from Bellingham to Las Vegas was scheduled to leave at 527 pm, arrive 8:03 pm. As I arrived at the border, I received a text saying it was delayed until 9pm. Well after more than one delay, we landed in Vegas just after 3am. The delay, it seemed was due to mechanical issues. While it inconvenienced both myself and the person picking me up in Vegas, I would rather have a safe plane than attempt to be on time with a malfunctioning place. And this is not the first time I have had a delay (with other airlines). They emailed out $50 vouchers to the passengers (I haven't had an airline do that before). It's a nuisance that they charge for on board luggage, seat selection, even water, but the other airlines charge for some of those things too. They don't provide the same prices tho. The website is easy to use, and so far, of the flights I took or my friend in Vegas has taken to come up to Bellingham, this is the first incident with Allegiant. Staff is friendly enough, and I am not paying for seat selection, and coming home on the airbus, I managed to sleep a little of the way. No real complaints."
"Flew Allegiant Air from Omaha Airport to St. PeteClearwater. The seat was a little uncomfortable but was great price, great service, on time, smooth flight with the usual food. Loading and unloading was quick and staff were very helpful. I would definitely recommend this airline. Cheap, direct flights are definitely worth the price."
"Stockton to PhoenixMesa return with Allegiant Air. After the bad reviews I thought I would give my good review. I haven't flown in about 10 years and after reading bad reviews I was upset at myself that I didn't check before I bought. Anyway, I guess I was lucky to have no delays, the plane was on time leaving and landing round trip. The staff was great, very nice and no problems. The flights were great and I will fly with Allegiant Air again."
"Allegiant Air seems to get a bad rap however as someone who flies a lot and has status on other airlines I wanted to share my recent experience. This is the 2nd time I've flown Allegiant. I made my reservations with Allegiant because 1) It was half the price of the major airlines and 2) It was a direct flight from Springfield, Mo to Las Vegas. I paid extra for priority seating and carrying my bag on the plane. I printed my boarding pass off at home and then downloaded the app so I had it in my phone as well. This way I never had to deal with the counter. I always have snacks on me so the fact that you had to pay for Snacks/drinks (water too) didn't bother me. I also didn't think the seats were uncomfortable or there was a leg room issue. If you fly a lot most planes these days have decreased their legroom so for 3 hours it wasn't a big deal. My only \"complaint\" is that departure time seems to be a suggestion. We left about 45 minutes late. The boarding process was slow so be prepared for that. I would suggest paying the $15ish fee and get priority boarding and a seat at the front of the plane. I thought the staff were friendly and I would fly them again. I've had worse experiences with the major airlines. You just need to know what to expect."
"Bellingham to San Diego. I would only recommend this airline when you're flying somewhere less then 4 hours away. The legroom was ok, but the snacks were a little overpriced, there was friendly service. But flights from LAX get delayed and the airport waiting areas are not good. At Bellingham the airport is perfect."
"Flew Pittsburgh to Sanford with Allegiant Air. Got the ticket for a good price and didn't have any issues with them. Carry on fee was an ok price. The only downside to the flight was that the seats were not very comfortable. If I was flying for longer than 2 hours I would probably go with another airline. The seats didnt recline and were on the smaller side. But all in all not too bad."
"Bismarck to Las Vegas. The key to using Allegiant is to be realistic in your expectations. It is a budget airline that uses business tactics different than the major carriers to stay profitable. That means, older aircraft, younger crews, and gotcha games. If you can accept that and live with some minor first-world inconveniences, the cheap tickets are well worth it, especially for families like ours. Our flights were on time and comfortable. The crew wasn't overly friendly, but professional nonetheless. My only complaint is their iPhone App for boarding tickets. Though it is a good concept, the app caused my phone to freeze up right at the TSA checkpoint. Quite embarrassing. Overall we will use again without question."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Minot. Was an excellent flight from start to finish. On time, actually slightly early, crew and staff we dealt with from baggage to flight crews were all very friendly. Flight went smoothly, had enough leg room and I'm 6'2\". Bags weighed in at what I prechecked them at. As far as any extra charges for seating and luggage, etc. we knew what we were paying for as we actually read and selected what we wanted beforehand. We brought our own snacks and water bottles. Still way cheaper than any other airline option and was the only airline to offer a direct flight. Plane was older but in the end was all good!"
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Clearwater/St. Petersburg. I flew priority boarding with two granddaughters. I would like to commend the ground crew in Syracuse for their caring hospitality. The ladies at check in were more than accommodating and could not have been more polite. The gentleman who transported me in the wheelchair also was polite and friendly. This made for such a relaxing way to start our flight. The girls were allowed to go along with me through the whole boarding procedure. Thank you grounds crew in Syracuse from Allegiant Airlines and the crew of flight 843."
"Bellingham WA to Los Angeles CA with Allegiant Air. Our family has been flying down to LA for about a month each week for medical treatments. Allegiant has been on time and the check in / boarding pass system works well. If you are travelling with kids the online check in will not allow you to check in if you did not pre select your seats for a fee. I have had negative experiences with this airline in the past but it is exceeding expectations largely in part to the new aircraft on this route. Be warned that you can experience very long delays with this airline with no compensation."
"Indianapolis to Sanford, and I loved it - it was a straight flight (2 hours) and you can't beat the price. If you can give up your snack for a cheaper ticket, then I will do that. We checked in on our phones and it was super easy. I hope they can keep their prices down - we will definitely be using this airline again. Thank you Allegiant Air."
"Taking the time to read the information on Allegiant Air's website would alleviate a lot of bad reviews. Allegiant is a budget airline. Absolutely everything beyond a seat on the plane costs extra. I booked a very cheap flight and knew what I was getting so I was pleased. The Allegiant personnel in OKC were wonderful and helpful. I was putting my teenager on a plane alone for the first time and they offered, without me asking, to give me a gate pass to walk her through security and to the gate. Great, friendly service. To avoid extra, surprise charges, read all the info on their website. Book all luggage when you book the flight or incur greater charges at the airport. Even carry on luggage costs. Only a purse or laptop is free. Print your own boarding pass. Bring your own snack."
"We have flown with Allegiant Air on 4 occasions round-trip from Bangor to St.Pete/Clearwater. We have never encountered any issues. Flights have been on time and smooth. The price is right but remember that this is an economy airline so expect that you will have to pay extra for baggage (entitled to one free personal bag), seat selection (free otherwise), and any and all snacks (bring your own). There is no inflight entertainment so bring your own tablet or laptop with movies, music downloaded."
"Excellent flight from Charleston to St. Pete-Clearwater with Allegiant Air. Low cost. Fee for checked and carry on bags. Left on time. Nice seats on jet. Air crew were efficient and friendly. Quick direct flight to sunshine and then home. In airport staff both locations seemed friendly and efficient too. Enjoyed my trip which I rarely say about flying."
"Amazing bang for the buck. My girlfriend and I flew round trip for $320, combined! Yes, the seats do not recline. Yes, you have to pay for assigned seats. Yes, you have to pay for snacks. But, if you are a low maintenance traveler like we are, this is the airline for you."
"Allegiant offers flights at a great value. My flight both to and from my destination were on time. Both flights were smooth, and I felt like I was in very capable hands with the pilots. The flight attendants on both flights were friendly and helpful. I would book Allegiant again."
"First time flying with Allegiant Air from Los Angeles to Honolulu and it was much better than we expected based on the negative reviews. Both flights were on time, boarding was organized and efficient, and the flight itself was very smooth. All employees were personable and friendly. They were helpful to passengers who needed any assistance finding their seat, putting luggage away, etc. We had no challenges with our carry on luggage so no additional charges. We found the snack and drink prices reasonable, $4-5 for snacks and $2 for water and soft drinks. Most people did take their own food and drinks on board and the crew picked up all trash in a timely fashion. We will fly Allegiant again in a few months. We paid about $628 for two RT Los Angeles to Honolulu flights and look forward to saving money again. No WiFi so we took books. No reclining seat so take a neck pillow. These are small inconveniences for the money saved."
"Niagara Falls to Orlando Sanford, and this is our third time flying Allegiant. Never had any issues and this flight was the best so far. We flew with three kids under 3 and the stewardesses were beyond amazing. Super helpful, accommodating and went out of their way to make our flight as easy as possible. Would recommend."
"Bellingham to Vegas, and I have flown with Allegiant Air several times over the years and not once had an issue with service or flights. Flight crew are friendly and flights have been on time and best pricing. You get free beverages and snacks, with the option to purchase meals which are quite nice. Try Allegiant Air for great service!"
"We flew Allegiant Air out of Fort Wayne to Punta Gorda and the flight was little late because of weather, so not a big deal. On the flight back a little delayed because plane before us was waiting for six lost people again not big deal. However when we get home I found a 100$ charge from them - so three phone calls later (45min) each wait (had to hang up twice). I was told I was charged because of my personal items. Well how do you charge someone and not tell them?! That is what their people told me and I could only get a voucher with an extention (which I pushed for because we are not sure when we can go again). Then I get an invoice last night that says the reason I was charged is due to my checked bag being overweight. I know for a fact it was 36 lbs because I joked to my husband that we could have bought some more stuff. So the questions that begs to be answered - how can I be told two different things and the agent checking us in never said that we would be charged. In my opinion that's just wrong. So check your bill carefully!"
"First time I flew Allegiant Air, it was recommended by a friend. I was impressed with the amount I paid, everyone was very nice. I have never flown alone so i was nervous but the stewardess told me if I was still nervous to let her know and they would do everything possible to keep me at ease. The plane was clean. My flight arrived early and was a great ride. I will continue to fly this airline they make it affordable to come home to see family more often. give them a try. I didn't need to check a bag so there was no added cost for that. Thank you for making it affordable to fly."
"Used Allegiant Air to fly from Appleton to Phoenix on December 22nd and returned today January 3rd. Very clean timely and professional staff. Saved a lot on airfare over Southwest and got comparable service - happy all the way around. We don't need all the extra add on so it's very economical. For people that don't understand the charges, study the website closer before you book your trip - it's pretty easy people, figure it out."
"We have flown several times on Allegiant Air and last night makes the second time that we have been late, and they don't offer much of an answer to anything. This company is very hard to communicate with. We had a flight sometime back from Florida to NC with no weather issues and the plane was very late and no explanation was really offered. Yesterday afternoon we should have been on a 2:49 pm flight and they said the flight was diverted and would be late. The times for arrival kept changing. The plane finally got us to Greenville SC late in the evening. No apology except by the captain in flight. If you don't like the high risk of being late then go for the no frills ride. I think we will pay the extra money and get less boundaries on luggage, seating etc with a major airline."
"We've flown on Allegiant a half dozen or so times and are very happy with every aspect of all our flights. When we flew in October, the incoming plane had mechanical issues in Fl, and our flight eventually was delayed overnight. Allegiant processed the full plane of passengers as quickly as they could and got anyone who had to travel over 30 minutes to get home put up in a local hotel. As we waited in line for our hotel vouchers, the crew passed out bottled water and chocolates and chatted with us to help ease the wait. In addition to a night in a hotel (which probably cost them more than what we paid for our flight to begin with!) we each got a $100 voucher for future travel - we are using it in January and will end up flying round trip from NH to FL for $13, plus the cost of picking our seats because my hubbs likes a window, and because of motion sickness, I need an aisle seat - and we both like the extra leg room seats. So for a grand total of $79, we have the seats of our choice and round trip fare. I find Allegiant customer service to be quite pleasant. The seats are as OK as most that I have had on other airlines - it's a 3 hour flight, I can sit in almost anything as long as I have room for my longish legs. All in all, we continue to fly Allegiant and are very happy with their rates, their service, and their airline in general. We are minimalist and can each fit what we need for a 10-12 day stay into a bag that conforms to Allegiant's standards for a free personal item that stows under the seat in front of us - but, having said that, if we needed to check bags, it would be more than worth the extra charge since parking at the terminal in Portsmouth, NH is free. If we were to go to Manchester or Boston to fly, we'd have to pay probably over $100 to park for 10-12 days"
"I had a great experience with Allegiant Air! Everyone was decent and cordial. The stewardesses were polite and so were the pilots. I did my part and arrived at the times I should and everything went smoothly. The seats were ok, I'm 5'8 and for the cost of the ticket I'm not complaining. I'm not the type of person who needs bells and whistles when I fly. I just want to get to my destinations safely. I should add I have a massive fear of flying and taking off scares me greatly. You can get your alcohol and snacks like with anyone else. So for anyone looking to book with Allegiant I say go for it, the money you save can be put towards better use on your vacation or drinks on the plane. BTW the price difference was about 200 bucks compared to other airlines for an adult and child."
"I was nervous at first to fly Allegiant Air because I had never flown it before and I saw a lot of bad reviews of it . Though you get what you pay for, it's a really good value. So what If you have to pay for a snack and drink you can buy that before boarding. The staff was very nice. However flying home from Punta Gorda was kinda stressful. They had to switch out our plane because the other one broke but the new plane they gave us was great. Very nice and comfortable. It took no time at all for boarding. I will definitely fly Allegiant again."
"Personally, I've never had a horrible experience with Allegiant Air, and I've flown with them 3 years in a row for our annual trip from Grand Forks, ND to Orlando/Sanford, FL. The price is right, and my husband and I are able to pack both of our things in one suitcase, so we only have to pay to check one bag. You are allowed a personal item free of charge, so I normally use a backpack. I've never been cold on an allegiant flight, normally warm. Though temperature varies and that's to be expected with any airplane. I've never encountered a rude stewardess. In fact we've had the same male stewardess for all of our flights back from Florida, who is friendly and personable. Seats aren't the most comfortable, however I can deal with it for 3.5 hours. I always buy a few drinks from the airport, and pack snacks from home, so that I can avoid having to pay for something on the plane. Restrooms are fine. Overall, I've found that there have been no surprises. Just read the FAQ on their website and you'll know what to expect."
"We were a little worried after hearing some stories from past customers regarding late or cancelled flights, but we were pleased with our experience. The base price of $93 round trip was the draw. Even with all the extra charges (seat selection, luggage charge, etc.) The total came to $233 for the 2 of us. When checking in on-line we opted to change to the front seats for and extra $6. The flight left and landed 15 minutes early! The Punta Gorda Airport is tiny (but growing) with only 6 gates. We didn't have to wait at all for our bags and parking is free. Our return trip to Pittsburgh did leave and land 30 minutes late. We would definitely fly Allegiant again."
"My husband and I have been flying with Allegiant Air for over a year. Something like 6 round trips. We are more than satisfied with our experiences. The last time we flew in Oct, our 6:45 PM flight was cancelled due to mechanical issues with the plane before it left FL to come to NH. Although Allegiant employees rarely have flights cancelled, and are not regularly using the cancellation procedures, the Portsmouth staff treated us with respect and kindness. They made arrangements for us to be put up in a local hotel that offered free breakfast. They passed out bottles of water and Lindt chocolates as we waited in line. Allegiant had us on our way to Sanford early the next afternoon. The plane we flew down on, was a different one than we were originally booked on, and the extra leg room we paid for wasn't available. Allegiant credited that extra charge back to our debit card, and gave us each a voucher for $100 toward future travel. Considering we can book flights for $54 one way, that's a good deal in my mind. We are not employees of Allegiant, nor are we related in any way to any employees. We are 2 people who appreciate a good value. We have learned the art of minimal baggage and can get by for 10 days with what will fit in the free personal item that will fit under the seat. We pay a great rate for only what we use. That we appreciate. We are looking forward to our next travel with Allegiant Air"
"First-time flyer and I'll be back! Allegiant is new to Fort Lauderdale, but the price was too good to pass up ($44 one-way to where I wanted to go at the last minute). Friends had warned me it might not be pleasant, but I gotta hand it to Allegiant. For about $120, they got me on time to where I wanted to go - far less than what I would have paid on a larger airline. And it was one of the best crews I've seen on any flight. Everyone gets the same seat on the A320, doesn't recline, no roomy pocket to store stuff. But the seat was comfy, and it got me there. Boarding was a breeze, they're very upfront about all the extras they charge for, so if you know that ahead of time, it's perfectly fine. The staff was great, some of the best service I've ever experienced. Everyone was friendly, helpful, even the captain came out and said goodbye as everyone was getting off the plan (both flights). A woman two seats over suffered from awful motion sickness on the return flight/landing, and the flight attendant was amazingly helpful. Got her an ice pack, stood there for about 10 minutes and fanned her with a safety card to cool her down, talked to her the whole time. Very wonderful service. I will fly again, especially if I need to save money to get from Point A to Point B."
"Mesa Gateway to Williston, and I can't thank Allegiant Air enough! I had my service dog, they were so accommodating, and welcoming. The flight was on time both ways, the service couldn't be better. I have flown Allegiant before from the Midwest and have always been satisfied. I look forward to flying with them again over the Thanks Giving season!"
"I have flown Allegiant Air several times and the experience has been just fine concidering the huge savings. My family of 4 flies to SW Florida for vacation each year and we can fly direct from our local airport 1.5 hour flight. Our latest trip ran $412 plus $140 for 2 checked bags. The next least expensive option was American. It would have been $2332 plus $100 for 2 checked bags. It also includes a connection in Charlotte and takes 4 hours. Nearly $1900 less. The difference is less than our vacation rental is for the entire week after taxes and cleaning. I always get my boarding pass online and check the bags with a sky cap. You just show your boarding passes on your phone to the gate and you're on the plane. Alot of people on here are saying they'd pay more for larger carrier and I have to say go ahead. I also can't agree that the airline nickel and dimes people. I'll happily pay less for things I don't need. As for the customer service, I never need anything from them so I let them do their job. Of course they're rude when people complain all the time about everything. You are getting a killer deal on a flight so get over it."
"On October 5th we were to fly from Allentown, Pa to Orlando Fla. We were to leave Allentown at 8:30pm. The flight was moved back to 12:10am October 6th, our plane was stuck in a storm in South or North Carolina. They had to bring a plane from the mid west to service Orlando then to Allentown and back to Orlando. We got free sodas, water, and they brought about 30 pizzas free for everyone. They kept everything open at both ends for us, car rentals etc. We arrived about 3:00 in Orlando. Everyone connected with the airline was super courteous and friendly even under trying conditions. I thank the staff at both ends and the flight crew."
"South Bend to St PeteClearwater. Overall, flying with Allegiant wasn't bad. Got me there in one piece, and crew were friendly. Our flight was delayed for an hour or so, but that's not too overwhelming. Overall, a pleasant experience."
"I was hesitant to use Allegiant Air because of the poor reviews but decided to try it because of the incredible price. My husband and I both flew the same route 2 weeks apart. His flight was slightly delayed landing but only by a few minutes. Both of my flights were on time. I had no issues and we will definitely fly this airline again. I see people complaining about buying refreshments on the flight. This can be avoided by buying a drink after you go through security and bringing snacks from home if you don't want to buy the snacks. This flight was $400 cheaper than the other airline. I booked within 1 week of the flight. The flight attendants were professional and it was an enjoyable flight."
"I fly Allegiant Air round trip a minimum of 4 times a year and have recommended friends and family to fly it as well when they come to Florida to visit. Only on 1 occasion was the flight delayed and that was a trip leaving Memphis to Sanford. I have flown in and out Springfield, Bloomington, and Belleville. I do not know why anyone would complain about paying for a beverage or a snack when the flight rates are so affordable compared to other airlines. I have found the total price is more affordable even when you pay for luggage, snacks, and a seat than the major airlines. I love the direct flight since you do not have to worry about luggage being transferred to a different plane or hurry to a concourse so you don't miss your connecting flight. I have found the flight attendants to be very kind and accommodating. It would be more convenient if they flew out of each town daily in the event a flight was cancelled. We have choices with Allegiant and can control to a degree the amount we spend and I have chosen to fly Allegiant."
"Allegiant Air offers a great saving value ticket compared to the other airlines. All the website details were very clear, regarding allowed sizes of the luggage and the 5$ fee in case you didn't make your booking before you arrive to the airport, etc. The staff were friendly and helpful, the airplane was clean and had comfortable seats. If you want a snack you can bring your own or buy one from them. The only bad thing about this airlines is that it has limited destinations in the US, wished that it goes to other states."
"We had a good experience with Allegiant Air. Flight from FLL was delayed about an hour due thunderstorms, lightning in the area, and some airport related fueling issues but nothing the fault of the airline. No big deal to us, we were coming off a cruise and were in no rush anyway. The plane we flew on was a freshly refurbished A320 originally from Iberia and looked very fresh with new paint, interior, and seats. The slimline seats aren't bad for a couple hour flight (I'm 6'0\") and as long as you learn how to fly and pack for the discount airlines like Allegiant Air or Frontier you won't be shocked when you either book or arrive at the airport. Do your research and read before you book and they'll get you from point A to B which in reality is all we needed. Flew Frontier on the way down to FLL and it was a similar experience and seats. Only difference I noticed was that Frontier provides you with free cups of ice water where as Allegiant asks you to pay for even that but thats a non issue to us. Flight crew was nice and pilot was humorous during his announcements. All in all as I mentioned before if you simply do your homework and know what to expect on low cost airlines you should not have any reason to complain and they'll get you where you need to go."
"I thought the experience with Allegiant Air was good and everything was very easy and on time. I booked through their website (roundtrip, rental car, hotel) for a stay of 4 nights for a total of USD 397 including everything. The airport out of St Pete is small and very easy to navigate, not crowded when I went. I would say the price is decent, I stayed at a 3.5 star hotel and got a nice rental car. The food and beverage offered on the plane is limited, but nothing to complain about. I would recommend for a cheaper alternative that is comfortable and safe."
"I liked my flight with Allegiant Air, they worked with me on changing my flight and the telephone customer service was very good. However, the customer service they have at the gate was subpar, the staff seem disgruntled and pretty much ignored me when I tried asking a question."
"My wife and I flew down to Naples for the weekend and Allegiant was the only direct flight from Raleigh/Durham. We were a little apprehensive after ready some reviews but they saved us over $800 for the same flight with other airlines and 3-5 hours of flight time. Yes, we had to get picked up at the airport as our destination was Naples, but it was only 30 minutes farther than Ft. Meyers. The flight was perfect, the seating was comfortable and the staff was friendly. I can certainly recommend this airline to anyone flying from Raleigh to the 3 destinations in Florida."
"Overall I was satisfied with Allegiant Air. After reading reviews I realized I would not be saving any money compared to another airline (they do charge for absolutely everything on top of the apparently cheap fare) however I still chose them because they were flying direct from our small local airport, at a time of day that was convenient for me. Crew was friendly and efficient. They walked us through the process of doing a few things on our Iphone right at the airport, instead of making us pay for them to do it (like printing boarding passes for instance, and checking in more luggage). So yes, they were aware that the airline charges for a lot of stuff but they were more than happy to show us ways to cut down on our spending a bit. Aircraft was fairly new. No bells and whistles: very basic seats that do not recline, and no personal TV monitor. Oh well, it was a 2.5 hour flight, and I was not expecting anything luxurious. I was just happy to get to my destination safely and on time. That's pretty much all I ask of an airline these days, especially at this price! No problem with baggage delivery. Note: they do not offer a plastic bag to wrap your baby car seat in."
"I was anxious prior to flying with Allegiant Air because of all the bad reviews. Flew round trip and had no issues with either flight. Both were on time and crew was friendly. Definitely no frills, but you get what you pay for."
"I don't understand all the bad reviews? This airline does what it says. It gets you from point A to point B for a fraction of the big airline prices. I had a direct flight with not having to go through Atlanta airport. Thats what ppl should complain about it's a madhouse. As far as my flight it was perfect departed on time (that's never happened on other aircrafts I've flown in the past) so what if you have to buy your drinks etc for the price who cares to spend 2.00 extra on a flight. My boyfriend and I flew for $224 that's including checking a bag and paying to sit together big deal. Other airlines were well over $1000. The staff were very friendly. I have nothing but good things to say. Give it a try for short flights."
"This was my first time flying Allegiant Air. Wasn't sure what to expect but I was very plesed with the experience. At Niagara Falls we were late, just 20 minutes before departure but they accepted checking bags at plane door and moved it to cargo without extra charge. On the way back, my Allegiant Air app didn't work. Showed some secured connection issue (have to open browser and accept conditions). The counter agent said since I have the Allegiant Air app, he believes that I had boarding pass, saved me $20."
"If you go to the University of Oregon or OSU, this is pretty much your only way to LA for cheap. I never actually had any major problems, but a few minor issues. After flying them about 3-4 times last year to come home, I quickly learned it is the same pilot and first officer, sometimes flight crew. They are all incredibly nice and even joke around with the 95% college student-filled flights.However, when I was flying home in May, my plane was supposed to leave at 9.26am for LAX. The night before at approximately 11.45pm, I get a call saying the plane is delayed two hours due to mechanical problems. I get to the airport the next morning and it is delayed another hour because the plane was delayed in SFO for weather-related issues. Finally board the plane and didn't have any issues. When I arrived for my flight back to EUG, it was delayed about 20 minutes, but had us board the plane anyway. The pilot tells us they were adding more gas just in case we are diverted to Portland which is 3 hours from Eugene. We sat on the tarmac for another hour before departing and getting to Eugene safely."
"I have to admit after reading all the articles, I was a bit nervous flying Allegiant but my experience was a very positive one. We had to wait a bit to check in, but it wasn't too long or too bad. Staff were courteous, helpful and cheerful. This is no frills airline and one should investigative all add on charges. They don't serve complimentary soft drinks or snacks and you do have to pay for carry ons, but the overall savings was a plus. I would fly with Allegiant again."
"We have absolutely no complaints and would fly with them again. We did not encounter any delays, cancellations, and hidden fees like other reviews stated. Having said that Allegiant only flys the Pittsburgh to Myrtle Beach route seasonally. I don't know if that's possibly why we did not encounter any problems. As far as the free personal item that can be carried on and worrying with measurements I didn't even see any employee even concerning themselves with measuring anything that was carried on."
"First time flying this airline. Couldn't beat the deal to get to Orlando for family vacation. On the way down - no problems. Had the bulkhead seats and were quite comfortable. Was a little surprised by the request to clean the area and set the seat belts for the crew. On our way home I was asked to remove my earbuds (not plugged into anything) before takeoff. This was quite surprising as I was using them as earplugs to drown out the sound of the young child behind me who was throwing a fit and kicking the seats. After I took out my earbuds I covered up with my wrap and tried to get some rest (it was an early morning). The attendant tapped me on my shoulder while I was sleeping to ask if my seatbelt was fastened - and he had just been there to see that it was fastened and my earbuds were out. Not a happy or comfortable flight for me."
"Our flight out of Pittsburgh was delayed due to a mechanical problem with the aircraft. The gate agents tried their very best to keep everyone informed. It was a very long delay, we were scheduled to leave early morning and never departed until very late evening. They eventually re-routed another plane to Pittsburgh to fly us to Jacksonville. Delays and mechanic problems can happen, I wouldn't want to fly on a questionable aircraft. I believe Allegiant did all that they could do, things just happen. We were given water and snacks at the gate while we all waited and thank goodness for the great nearby bars/restaurants in the airport. Allegiant is a low cost budget carrier, so, you get want you pay for. A no frills airline. How can you complain even with the long delay, (mechanical problems and weather) do happen, the airlines doesn't have control over those things. For the cost of the flights, even with the carry on and boarding fees you can't beat their prices. You need to understand, that Allegiant does not have co-shares with the major airlines so they cannot put you on another flight with another airline, so you are stuck and have to wait for them to fix the problem. I'm sure they don't want unhappy customers any more than we want to be unhappy customers. I say give them a try, do plan extra time and remember, you are flying for a very low fare, decide if paying triple on a major airlines for the same flight is worth it. Our return flight was on time and very pleasant."
"I didn't check in luggage and just took a carry on. The flight left a few minutes late due to typical afternoon storms in Florida. We made up the time in the air and arrived on time in Huntington. The flight crew were friendly, seats were comfortable, I picked the emergency row for more leg room, at little to no extra cost than other seats. On the way back, we arrived ahead of schedule. I thought the value was great. You do get nickel and dimed for little things, so bring your own snacks and water."
"I was a nervous wreck for 2 weeks leading up to this trip due to the horrible reviews. This flight was delayed approx 30 min. Boarding was fast and efficient. Crew was friendly, not overly nice, not rude. Flight was uneventful. Would I fly again? I will let you know after the return flight Aug 1st. I had no horrible complaints but no rave reviews either. You get what you pay for."
"Couldn't have been better. Ground crew and flight crew were professional. Plane was on time during both flights round trip. Will fly Allegiant again!"
"We booked our trip a few months ago and just recently Allegiant has been in the news for delayed flights, mechanical issues, poor customer service etc. so of course we were worried about our flight. Our flight out of South Bend was very pleasant. Boarding went rather quickly and the staff were very nice. The flight went well and landing was smooth. We arrived in Vegas on time. Our flight home today went the same way and we arrived 20 mins early."
"Booked my ticket for $199/RT total, which included airfare, taxes, and 1 checked bag each way. You can't beat that. The check-in process online was fast and simple, as was the check-in process at the airports. All staff that I encountered were very friendly. The overall experience was great and I will be flying with them again. Most of the complaints that I have read are in regards to \"hidden\" fees. If you read all of the fine print on Allegiant's website, there are no surprises. This is an inexpensive no frills airline. You will pay for everything including carry-ons, beverages (yes, even water), even printing boarding passes at the airport. Also one thing to keep in mind is the checked bag weight limit is 40 lbs, instead of the standard 50 lbs with other airlines. This too is stated on their website. Bottom line, Allegiant is an excellent inexpensive way to get from point A to point B, just remember you're getting what you pay for."
"I spontaneously bought bargain tickets on Allegiant, then read numerous negative reviews. After reading those, I was very uneasy about flying Allegiant to Florida, especially with two young children. Our non-stop round trip from Columbus to Fort Lauderdale was one of the easiest experiences that I've had with an airline. The price was half of the competition, all flights were on schedule, the planes were clean, and staff were courteous. The plane's seats were not plush, but were more than adequate in size. We will be flying with Allegiant again!"
"I hear all sorts of complaints with Allegiant Air online and my personal experiences with this airline have all be very positive. Besides getting the best fare, I only end up paying for what I want. All employees I've had contact with have been pleasant, helpful and courteous. No, you don't get a free bag, a free carry-on, a free soda or any other complimentary items. If you want them you pay for it. I'd always been a fan of Southwest, due to their renegade ways in bringing down the cost of flights, but Allegiant has beaten them at their own game. While I'd be willing to put up with some issue for the sort of savings I get from this carrier, but as of this date, I have no complaints with Allegiant Air."
"We fly Allegiant often. Typically no problems. No frills, which is fine by me. The only issue with Allegiant is with calling customer service. The last time I was on hold for 45 minutes and gave up. Today, I have been on hold for an hour and 15 minutes and counting. I know they want everything self-service on the web. Sometimes getting help from a rep is required - today is one of those days."
"Our flight had been delayed 4 hours due to mechanical problems, the staff was wonderful - helpful and friendly. The airline supplied pizza and soda or water. Everyone on the plane seemed relaxed and understood the staff were all working hard and doing their best."
"Allegiant Air is a discount airline and as such all extras will cost extra to keep the ticket price low. So if you can travel with just a small back pack sized carry on you won't pay for bags but otherwise any larger size bag is going to cost extra. Drinks and snacks on the plane will cost extra, but you can bring your own snacks for free of course if you think ahead. Seats are not as comfortable as a United or larger carrier, they don't recline and they aren't as cushy. But the upside is that my flight was a direct flight and the price was super low. I think it was $65 one way or something ridiculous like that, not even on sale. Staff were friendly, and I had no issues whatsoever."
"My husband and I frequently fly from Chattanooga to Florida. We have always viewed the value as very high for what you pay. We would pay at least double for a Delta flight to the same locations. We have only had one flight ever delayed and it was only for an hour. Considering that on any other airline, we would have a layover of at least this long, it has never deterred us. We always choose to pay for our seats close to the front and have never had an issue with the checked bag fees. As long as the item you bring with you will fit in under the seat in front of you, you can consider this item a personal item instead of a carry on. We have always managed to have our backpacks with us without any additional fees by putting them under the seat in front of us instead of in the overhead bins. For half price flights to Florida, the value is great! We have never had a real complaint and are planning on taking another flight with them this fall."
"First trip was on May 2, 2015 from Punta Gorda to Pittsburgh. My wife and I paid for seat assignments that were not necessary as the plane was half full. Contrary to a lot of reviews, our experience was fine. The Allegiant representative in Punta Gorda was very friendly and set the pace for the rest of the trip. We have booked two more trips to Punta Gorda and hope we don't have the bad experiences that others have had."
"Flew from Las Vegas to Cincinnati on May 14. Flight took off and landed on time. All employees were friendly professional and helpful. The flight was comfortable. I paid extra to choose my seat and check my bag and both were worth it. Even with the extra charges it cost more that $200 less than Delta. I will definitely fly Allegiant in the future."
"Flight 755 from New Orleans (MSY) to Indianapolis (IND) on May 8. For fear of delayed flights we only took Allegiant home from New Orleans to Indy because a delayed flight would negatively affect us less in that case. I'm sure in part we were just lucky with our plane customer service and such - our plane was fabulous. The seats were very comfortable. There was so much leg room. Our flight was on time to leave and land. The employees were a little disengaged but not rude. It wasn't an issue or a benefit. The only hiccup was the flight attendant who told us immediately that some seats including ours were getting some dripping and mist from some sort of condensation overhead. She moved us up 12 rows to avoid it. We were lucky that the plane was only 40-50% full so we had three seats to share between the two of us. Per sitting together I'm sure the less-than-full flight helped but we checked in right at the 24 hours prior mark which I hoped would better ensure us sitting together. I have no doubt anyone on the flight could've switched seats to be together in they wanted - perhaps flight attendants are kinder to do that than in-airport staff who don't want to make things hard on the inner staff? Tips: 1) Read all FAQ and prices. 2) Check in as early as possible. 3) Go in expecting potential delays and such. Will continue to use them."
"Overall our experience flying Allegiant was pleasant and as expected (flew from PIA to PIE). They are very particular and charge for every \"extra\" along the way but to be able to take my family on a direct flight from our local airport at such a low cost is worth any perceived hassle. Flight out was delayed by about 30 minutes return flight arrived early. We were traveling as a party of 6 (including 1 lap child) and were able to get seats together on both flights even though we had not paid for assigned seats in advance. Not sure if this was because the flight was not full or if we just lucked out. I had to check in at the airport with our infant so got a paper ticket there but needed to check in the rest of the group using their app to avoid the $5 ticket fee. The app had assigned seats all together when we checked in. Unfortunately on the way back we were running late to the airport and they close the online check-ins 60 minutes before departure so we were forced to pay the $5 fee for the additional tickets (the agent gave us all seats together without us even asking). We choose to take two checked bags and each had a personal item. I was surprised by the very small dimensions for the personal items they didn't seem to be monitoring closely the size of these at our airports but I wasn't wanting to be caught with a surprise carry-on fee so we made sure our luggage fit within the size limitations. We did get caught on the way back with one overweight bag but they gave us an opportunity to move things into our personal items to avoid the extra weight fee. Total cost for 5 round-trip airfare tickets with 2 checked bags was"
"Allegiant airline was exactly what I thought it would be - a cheap direct flight no frills but efficiently and effectively got me from point A to point B. I was very worried having read all the reviews but most people only come to sights like this when they have negative things to say but I can't say anything extremely negative - sure the seats didn't recline and weren't very comfortable and I wasn't given free snacks/drinks but I knew this going in. Will definitely fly Allegiant again! Great value."
"Syracuse to Fort Lauderdale 4/17/15. Fort Lauderdale to Syracuse 4/20/15. Both flights delayed about 40 minutes but was probably due to congestion on runway in fort Lauderdale which delayed arrival in Syracuse. Bought seats 3 months earlier because it was getting old having to drive to Buffalo to get a direct flight. Read their instructions carefully so we knew to check one large piece of luggage and 2 personal items to stow under seat. Paid for two seats in aisle's 10 (flight to Ft Lauderdale) two seats in aisle 11 on return flight. Also paid a little extra for my window seat. All add on fees are stated clearly when you book the flight. Since we booked 3 months in advance and it was not a special holiday weekend we got a good price. With travel insurance the total cost for 2 round trip tickets was $540. The planes may be older but the one we flew was recently refurbished. It is spartan and if the flight was longer my back and bad hip would have paid the price. The leg room is fine (I'm 5'6) and the seats are large enough. They could use a bit more cushioning so maybe next time I bring a cushion. The seats do not recline which is a negative unless the person in front of you would have caused a problem if he or she wanted to. The staff was friendly but you can only buy beverages (no coffee) or calorie galore little snacks (purchase by credit card only) for a modest cost. Bring on board your own food and the problem is solved. They deliver what they advertise. A modest cost direct flight. You won't get stuck with a connecting flight or have to drive to a city with a direct flight. There are no surprises if you read the material. Is a free carry on item cheaper when the total cost is higher. Obviously my opinion would be altered if the delays are endemic and since the planes are old I can imagine the frustration of sitting at an airport for hours awaiting a replacement to arrive. Other interesting titbits. They load the plane from front to back and they keep the boarding pass at the gate (so remember your seat assignment). I was pleased overall. If I want more comfort a different airline might be in order. After all Buffalo is a nice city to visit and fly in and out of (if the thruway is open)."
"After reading some reviews I was a little sceptical seeing how this was my first time using Allegiant Air. The plane departed from Knoxville TN on time and landed in Orlando on time. I looked up bag information online before the flight and there were no surprises as some reviews had mentioned. There were snacks on the plane for sale and the staff was courteous and helpful. The seats on the plane were comfortable as an economy airplane seat can be expected. This is the perfect airline for anyone traveling light or just looking for the best price. Will definitely plan to use Allegiant again in the future."
"We flew from Toledo OH to St Pete/Clearwater this past week. At both airports we were treated courteously and efficiently. We downloaded the Allegiant app and so downloaded our boarding passes for free and with no waste of paper. Perfect. Our flight was short so it didn't matter to us that the seats did not recline. In fact space was tight and reclining seats would have likely caused some conflict. The seats were comfortable but again I wasn't travelling far. We packed our own snacks (cheaper and much healthier) and brought our own drinks on board. No inflight entertainment but a small inconvenience given our cheap our flights were. Love that Allegiant flies into smaller airports as it makes the whole process easier. Very pleased overall and would book with them again."
"It is worth booking with Allegiant only if you book early for the best possible deal and do your homework. I did not do the former but was glad I did the latter (which if you're reading this you are also doing.) Pack light or the charges add up. Bring food and fill a beverage container after security or the charges add up. Print your boarding pass before heading to the airport yup more charges. Finally keep your expectations in check. This airline is a means from A to B not a 'travel experience' on which to build memories. There's no in-flight entertainment or free food. Best for relatively short trips that do not require frequent washroom use. Oh and contrary to many reviews here I found the crew to be attentive good-natured and even humorous."
"We just flew out of Niagara Falls. We are Canadian and saved a lot of money by driving the extra hour or so our only snag was an ice storm we had to drive through. Long story short we sat in the airport all night waiting for our flight to arrive from Sandford after they couldn't land because of poor weather conditions we were all shipped to a local hotel where we stayed at no charge. The next morning we were all given an $8 food voucher and a $100 credit. The airport was small the people were friendly especially the flight attendants to and from Sandford! I will definitely be flying with Allegiant Air again!"
"It is worth booking with Allegiant only if you book early for the best possible deal and do your homework. I did not do the former but was glad I did the latter (which if you're reading this you are also doing.) Pack light or the charges add up. Bring food and fill a beverage container after security or the charges add up. Print your boarding pass before heading to the airport yup more charges. Finally keep your expectations in check. This airline is a means from A to B not a 'travel experience' on which to build memories. There's no in-flight entertainment or free food. Best for relatively short trips that do not require frequent washroom use. Oh and contrary to many reviews here I found the crew to be attentive good-natured and even humorous."
"February 20/15. Just returned home from a RT flight and package from Niagara to Fort Myers. I had read a lot of reviews regarding this airlines. It made me nervous. But our experience was great. If you do your homework before hand you won't be surprised with a lot of extras and confusion. I would definitely fly this airline again. They were slightly late returning home (20 min). This was it unusual for any other airlines we have flown. The luggage arrived on the carousel quickly and without incident. The check in at Niagara was quick and easy. The same couldn't be said about Punta Gourda. We were there in plenty of time but soon became fearful of missing our flight. We didn't but it was close. Both check-in and security were backed up severely. The staff on the plane were great. There was a medical emergency on the plane and they handled it well and kept their cool. All in all the whole experience was every bit as good as any Air Canada flight I've been on. Only complaint would be that they charge for water. Took my own on the returning flight!"
"We had a wonderful experience despite being worried about the bad reviews. 2 adults and 4 children and probably would not have taken this trip were it not for the \"unbundling\" Allegiant does that allowed us to fly people to Florida at only $130 each RT! We definitely \"unbundled by printing boarding passes at home and then at the hotel (savings: $60) and by packing light (4 carry-ons and 6 personal items (backpacks between us. We also flew with children over the age of 11 and chose not to board early (savings) and not to guarantee seats together. Another big savings even though Allegiant did book us all together on one flight and 3 and 3 on the way to Florida so it was not as if we were scattered all over the plane. We brought our own snacks on board (savings!) and we were able to go directly to the gate. The gate agents did not quibble about the size of the kids backpacks which were technically a bit over the size restrictions but we were processed right through happily. The stuffed toys they won in the theme parks their blankets and their food/snacks were allowed on with no problems. Our flight to Florida was right on time and the service was very friendly. We were even allowed to move seats to find window seats for the kids!! On the return we flew just a day after a massive snowstorm in the NE with multiple cancellations and yet our flight had only a 1 hour and 15 minute delay. During the delay I was astonished to see Allegiant set up a \"drink station\" with cups ice an ice scooper and free water and several kinds of sodas in the waiting area at Sanford/Orlando. Considering this was a weather related and very short delay we were amazed by that gesture. Yes you might be \"nickle and dimed\" but only if you feel you must purchase the 'extras' like leg room or extra bags or snacks or if you need someone to print out your boarding pass for you. If you want to have that service great! But for those of us who don't need that service and would rather spend our money at the theme parks on our children - Allegiant is a wonderful option. The flight attendants and gate agents were friendly and the customer service on the phone was top-notch. We will be flying this airline again."
"Very pleasant experience. Would definitely fly with them again. I went out of Concord NC to St. Petersburg FL. I traveled with my cat. Unfortunately my cat screamed the entire flight (something that was I was not expecting). However the flight attendants were very understanding. The seats were comfortable. There was plenty of room under the seat for my pet carrier. I did not order any drinks. However the drink selections looked more than adequate and the prices were comparable to other airlines. This was a short flight (1 hour)."
"Flew Sanford to Asheville 1/26 on time no problems. Our last 12 or so flights have been on time without hassles. We have experienced most if not all of the problems expressed on this board at some time. Know the rules. It will save you headaches."
"Flew from Minot to Phoenix and back on the weekend. The price was right and there were no surprises with luggage costs we read everything online before we left. The staff was very helpful and extremely polite. All flights departed and arrived on time with no delays. Our luggage was unloaded quickly and we were on our way in no time. I would definitely fly with Allegiant again!"
"Flew 1/22/15 from AVL to PIE on time no issues. Last 10 flights have been on time. Remember several things: 1) Check in online at least 1 hour in advance or it costs you $5 per adult2) luggage weight limit is 40lbs or they charge you 3) every flight we have flown has been packed. This is a no frill airline that's adds costs for everything. They fly into small airports not the big ones. Know and follow the rules or it will cost you $."
"I have flown Allegiant Air 8 times in the last 12 months usually with my wife other times with friends and children (a total of over 30 flights). Overall we have had excellent experiences with minimal delays (usually caused by snow storms) and once even arriving early! This airline is very good value for what they charge! I will continue to regularly fly with Allegiant in 2015."
"My wife and I flew from Hagerstown to Sanford/Orlando round trip. The trip was very enjoyable. I will fly Alligiant Air again."
"If you carefully read the website while booking your flights and know and understand exactly what extra fees might apply to you then it's an incredible value. This is truly a \"no frills\" airline. Old generally uncomfortable airplanes but efficient and cordial staff and competent pilots flying out of small airports. I flew Niagara/Buffalo to Sanford and both flights arrived relatively on time (one flight was 15 minutes late due to a handicapped passenger trying to get to and into their seat which is nobody's fault). I paid for my carry on beforehand and while their carry-on sizing is on the small side I was eventually able to fit mine into the sizing holster and be on my way. It was an easy 1hr 20 minute drive to Niagara/Buffalo airport from the east side of Toronto. Parking at Niagara airport is almost like mall parking. Find your spot and you'll be at most a 3 minute walk from your car to the departure desk. I'd downloaded my ticket to my phone so no fee for that and was at the gate with plenty of time to spare. The other benefit was rental car pickup at Sanford is literally a one minute walk out the front door of the terminal. No shuttle/bus to get to rental cars like Orlando Int'l Airport and others. I paid $220 round trip including my carry on baggage fee. The same flight with Air Canada Rouge out of Toronto would have been $600 and for sure would have been a far inferior experience both at the airport and from a service perspective. To put it into perspective a 25 minute taxi ride to get from Toronto to my house is $80 each way. So for $60 more I flew to Florida. Again if you go in knowing that this is total no frills no free entertainment no free food/drinks and you just want to get from A to B in as inexpensive and efficient a manner as possible then I'd have no hesitations recommending Allegiant to anyone. It's rare these days to be pleasantly surprised by an airline experience. Kudos to Allegiant and associated small-time airports."
"Booked a RT for my family for a Christmas vacation from Tulsa to Sanford and this was our first trip on Allegiant. Departed right on time on a MD-80 with a refurbished and comfortable interior. As a frequent traveler who rarely reclines a seat in other planes in consideration of the passenger behind me I was relieved that these seats were not reclined seats so the passenger in front would not infringe on my space. Flight crew was friendly and professional. Return trip was 2 hrs late departing but I got a text message 7 hrs in advance and I adjusted our schedule accordingly and all was well. Return flight was on an A320 in great shape and the crew was friendly and professional. We liked the approach of paying for only the extras you want and the web site was very clear about this so we don't understand why anyone is surprised and can't comprehend the pricing model. Allegiant Air is a good product fairly priced and we will certainly be repeat customers."
"I flew from Hagerstown to Sanford and back five days apart. I found everyone in both terminals to be very cordial. The boarding agent in Hagerstown was actually humorous and made the wait seem shorter. The flight attendants were not exactly warm but they were nevertheless efficient. Both flights left and arrived on time. I have read complaints about luggage fees but I think the website is quite clear so I decided to travel light. I had a small bag as my one small free carry-on item and I thought that I might have to pay a fee for the dozen roses in my other hand but there was no extra charge. No problems on my first flight using Allegiant. I'll do it again."
"Ft Lauderdale FL to Greenville SC. 12/04/14. Flight on time. Clean aircraft. Pleasant flight attendants. Have flown Allegiant many times and have never had any problems."
"Booked several weeks in advance for a trip from Minot ND to Las Vegas. We paid for advanced seat selection and a checked luggage item at the time of booking. The Allegiant website and online check-in app were incredibly easy and intuitive. I did have difficulty getting the boarding pass to load with the app at first but a couple of tries later it worked. The check in agent in Minot wore a Frontier Airlines uniform and generally was kind of ignorant. The Minot terminal was very cold. The flight was delayed briefly for an issue with an inbound passenger but eventually left about 20 minutes late. Flight was uneventful and went by quickly. I found the MD-83 to be actually quite comfortable even though the seats didn't recline. There was no inflight entertainment system but the onboard magazine was decent and even contained Vegas coupons! We arrived only a little late. The crew was efficient and friendly and even cracked a couple jokes over the PA on arrival and bags dispensed quickly. On the return flight check-in and boarding were pleasant and quick and we left on time. The airplane however was absolutely filthy! The seats were worn the tray tables were slopped all over and even the window had food on it. We had the same crew situation as outbound in that they were efficient friendly and helpful. On arrival to Minot we were early but luggage took 30 minutes to dispense. In the end yes this airline is acceptable. They're certainly inexpensive and the crews are on par with most other carriers. If you want to save up to a few hundred dollars I'm sure you can put up with buying your soda onboard."
"This airline is based on everything being a la carte. You pay for your ticket your seats (yes even seats) your drinks and your baggage and yet the whole experience turned out to be better than many other airlines. For one this airline made it possible for me to take my whole family along because of the low rates. Secondly the staff was super nice. There is only one class in their aircraft's and everyone gets the same service. Bucket leather seats are pretty comfortable even though they don't recline. There is no inflight entertainment but then again with all the carry-on gadgets today who needs another console in your face? I am giving inflight entertainment five stars because I actually enjoyed not having another console blasting ads in my face."
"I've flown Allegiant Air 10 times in the last 2 years. I normally fly out of Sanford Fl to Bangor Harrisburg or Youngstown. The problem I and my wife have is each time we fly into or out of Youngstown. They are very unorganized and always cause a problem. On Sunday Nov 9 2014 I was told that my carry on bag was too large and I had to pay an additional $50.00. I had already paid $12.00 for the carry on. They said that is not their problem. They also charged me $5.00 to print a boarding pass. I only have problems in Youngstown."
"I flew to CVG and back to Punta Gorda and have no complaints I received excellent service. The flights took and landed on time. I had my dog with me on the return flight and there were no issues there either. The plane was clean crew was nice - how could I complain about a reasonably priced direct flight? I suppose if you need frills and pampering maybe this is not your cup of tea but for easy going people who want to get where they are going for an excellent price check them out."
"10/12 CKB-SFB flight 670. 10/19 SFB-CKB flight 669. I recommend Allegiant Air. Fly non-stop no frills low cost comfortable on time no hassle. At small airports spend less than 20 min from landing to your car and 60 min from arrival to departure is enough. Newly refurbished MD80-great plane. I am 5ft 10 and had at least 4-5 inch free space in front of my knees. Charging $26 for carry-on is good so people pay $40 for 40 lb / 81 in checked bag and the overhead bins are empty to put the allowed personal item. Room under the seat in front of you is big. Seats do not recline-big deal! Allegiant is low cost with egalitarian all-coach plane. No marketing or pressure for you to but food or stuff like on Ryanair. You want priority boarding $10 and its yours."
"Provo UT to LAX on Oct 16 2014 flight 130 and 131. After I booked my flight I started to have second thoughts. Many people complained that the seats do not recline they sit back better than some of the popular airlines and do not need to recline. I think all airlines should have seats like this. Why should passengers in front of you be allowed to stick their seat in your space! The leg room was far better than most other airlines. Both my wife and all those that came with us were very happy with the seats. Could they have done a better job putting us all together - yes. If you have a lot of luggage you might be better off with a different airline. For the price I was very happy."
"Allegiant lured my friends and I in with very affordable fares from Lansing MI to Sanford FL (there and back again) for a mini-holiday in mid-October 2014. Our flight from Lansing was on time and the gate staff were efficient and pleasant. We boarded on time made it out to the tarmac and the captain announced that they had an open flap sensor warning and couldn't take off. We were back at the gate for about 10 minutes to check out the issue and then FL bound. The flight lasted approx. 2.5 hours and we arrived on time even with the small delay. The McDonnell Douglas MD80 was clean and as comfortable as is to be expected with single aisle 3-2 seating. The flight back was on time and we arrived in Michigan earlier than expected. The flight attendants were pleasant on both flights (not overly attentive but did their job). Our flight back to MI was smooth. Keep in mind Allegiant is a budget airline. If you don't want to pay the $5 fee to print your boarding pass at the airport do it at home. Bring snacks if you don't want to pay for snacks on board. There are no free food or drinks. Allegiant makes their money by charging for extras. I am 5'3\" and found the legroom to be sufficient. However if you are taller you may want to consider a row marked with extra legroom. I will say that we did pay extra when we booked our tickets to choose our seats (row 15 for minimal noise) and sit together. I recommend this if you are traveling with others and want to sit together. Allegiant got me to my destination safely efficiently and at a cost significantly less than other airlines. The added bonus of flying to/from smaller easier access airports not served by other airlines is a nice touch. I definitely would fly Allegiant again."
"Flew from Plattsburg NY to Sanford (Orlando) FL. The ride to and from was pleasant without any issues. I used their convenient iPhone app for boarding pass. Rode on an Airbus 320. It was a relatively short ride approx. 2hrs 20mins so you can't expect much. The airline caters to budget travellers with no frills. If you are looking for all the fancy stuff (reclining seats in-flight entertainment better food choices etc.) go elsewhere and pay more. As far as I'm concerned you get what you pay for and Allegiant fit my budget."
"Flew from LEX KY to Punta Gorda Florida four times. The last time was April of this year. Arrived on time flight was great crew were nice and for the age of the plane wasn't bad for what I paid. I couldn't afford to go if Allegiant wasn't around. Could not find a better airline for the price anywhere."
"I enjoyed Allegiant as a whole. I flew to Las Vegas with my two children aged 10 years and 3 years of age. Staff was polite and friendly in answering any questions since it was our first time flying this airline. My itinerary was done online so there wasn't any hidden charges to expect. On the way home from Las Vegas the plane was already there and waiting and we were an hour and half early. Allegiant will see me a lot more often."
"Bellingham to Las Vegas - The MD80 was quite old but the cabin was clean and fine for a short flight. We had an aborted take off at Bellingham due to a faulty toilet. We stayed on the aircraft for an hour whilst they cleaned up the mess and took the lavatory out of service - lovely. At least we didn't have to change aircraft or get off the plane. We were on our way after an hour with no further delays or issue. The cabin crew were friendly and the pilots were very good at keeping everyone up to date with the delay and progress during the flight. I'd fly with Allegiant again although clearly they have reliability issues with their older aircraft which can cause unexpected delays but for the price I can't complain too much."
"Flew from Bellingham to Las Vegas on September 8th. We were very weary after reading negative reviews but we were 100% satisfied. Flight was on time for take off but delayed for landing due to weather in Las Vegas. Great employees friendly service. Very impressed overall. Would definitely fly Allegiant again. Great value. No free food or entertainment but we knew this when we booked."
"My parents have retired and moved to North Port Florida. Since March of 2013 I have flown on Allegiant Air 5 times. Besides one delay of about an hour we have always flown on time both ways. Oh by the way I fly out of Allentown Pa. Actually most of the returning flights have been early. I didn't mind the one delay it gave me an extra hour to enjoy a couple more cocktails. I do agree however the flight attendants are a tad bit rude. Maybe \"short\" is the correct word. But then again all they do is listen to a bunch of whimpering cry babies about a stupid delay. If you want first class go fly another airline and pay double the amount for a ticket. I also fly my 2 boys with me so I really can't complain about paying $500 to $650 for 3 round trip non stop tickets to see the parents for a week. Not to mention Allentown pa is 20 minutes from my home and Punta Gorda is 25 minutes from my parents. I will always fly Allegiant."
"My first Allegiant Air experience. I booked two weeks in advance. Traveled from LAX to Idaho Falls. I go to Jackson Hole WY every summer and I always have to get creative about getting there as there are always high ticket prices. I decided to give this airline a go. Both flights were on time - every aspect was fine. Yes it is no-frills and you pay for everything but if you know that going in you can adapt. We became better packers and brought our own food onboard."
"I flew Allegiant for the first time from Las Vegas to Moline Illinois 8/8/14 and returned on 8/15/14. Both flights were on time and very convenient as they were non stop. Prior to these flights all my trips were on other airlines where I had layovers and plane changes which added lots of extra travel time. I was very pleased with the check in service I received. The seats were comfortable for a three hour flight. I did not need a food or beverage service during the short flights. The charges for luggage still did not make the total cost more than for the flights of the other non direct carriers. I would fly Allegiant again and I wanted to make my good experiences known because I read many of the comments before my flight and some were quite negative."
"Columbus to Myrtle Beach. Flying out of Rickenbacker was great-parking at $5 per day. No delay and nice employees to deal with. Paid $5 for a snack package on the plane. Good enough for 3 kids. Myrtle Beach to Columbus. Nice airport and easy car rental. Employee at the gate check in and boarding had a poor attitude. Changed seats on us at the last minute. They board you in zones 2-4. In that order. We sat in the last row of the plane but they wanted us to board in zone 4? Made no sense-I've always seen the back of the plane board first but maybe that makes to much sense to me. Anyway I would recommend this MD-80 plane and Allegiant even though seats don't recline."
"I was initially worried about flying with Allegiant when I read all of the terrible reviews. Shockingly neither of my flights were delayed from LAX to Honolulu. If you're a low maintenance person then this airline is for you. You get what you pay for no reclining seats no complimentary beverages ($2 for a can of ginger ale not bad in my opinion) no inflight entertainment you have to pay for any extra features and to check in your bags. The staff was very friendly. We even landed 20 minutes early coming back to LAX since everyone on the flight checked in early. The only reason why I took this flight was because it was $400 cheaper than the next flight. I would have no problem flying with Allegiant again to save a few dollars!"
"Flew Allegiant June 30th to Vegas and back on July 4th Trip was great. Left ATW on time and arrived in Vegas on the.time The ticket counter were great no problems Flight crew were just fine. Ok the seats don't recline no big deal only 3 1/2 hour flight. We brought our own snacks and bought soda at the airport. Return trip also left on time and arrived on times. ALL in all Love flying Allegiant we have never problems never once a delayed flight going to keep flying with them."
"We just came back from our vacation to Florida flying round trip from NIA to PIE with 11 people including 3 seniors 3 young adults 4 kids (ranging from 3 to 11 in age) and a 2 month old infant. After reading the reviews here we were very concerned especially about the delays but were pleasantly surprised. Both flights exactly on time and arrived a little earlier than scheduled. The staff both in the airline as well as at the airport were extremely helpful and extra friendly. The airplane on the way there was a little older but on the way back the plane seemed new. This is a budget airline with the lowest rates around so that needs to be kept in mind. There are no frills luggage is charged a premium and there are no free refreshments. IMO the flight is just to get me to my destination quickly safely and at a reasonable rate so I will definitely be traveling with Allegiant again."
"I knew what we were getting into with this airline. We were prepared for the worst. With that said we followed every little thing they asked on their website from online check in to weighing each check in luggage and their app to check for delays. Our party consisted of 5 Adults 3 children and 2 infants. Maybe its sheer luck that we escaped going to our vacation in Oahu and coming back to LAX. The flight going to Oahu was on time they did not give anything complimentary but that's expected. Yes the seats did not recline. We brought food and drinks from the LAX. Flight left approximately 2pm. The delay came from LAX only having one runway available. Our entire party came in 2 hours early just in case. At the check-in line everything went through without a hitch no additional fees added. 8 days later we had an early flight 9.30 am going back to LAX. Again we knew what to expect We did the online check in and printed the boarding passes constantly checking alerts for delays through the app/text alert. They had 2 lines at Lobby 6 one for online check in the other is a more general line. I'm glad we did the online check in the general line was a bit too long. Got through ticket counter no hitches. After the TSA check point we were in gate 22 along with other passengers with 45 minutes to spare. Bought food and drinks at the airport. After boarding I noticed the plane had some condensation dripping from the ceiling. The window by my seat was broken had a tough time trying to close it so light couldn't get in. Flight left on time arrived in LAX on time. When we arrived there was a shuttle to take us to the gate I don't know if that's normal but everything else came through okay. They even gave us free drinks since my sister's twin infants were pretty quiet for the duration of the flight. The crew were nice gave the kids badges. With that said I would fly with them again. With knowing what to expect. A couple of things check in online and sign for text alerts if you can don't check in luggage if you can get away with a carryon. Be prepared just in case of delays."
"Stockton to Las Vegas. Hear all these complaints so I was a little worried when I booked. The flight left on time pilots and crew very friendly landed in Vegas - ready to go and on time. Also these super 80's they fly might be old but they deliver a smooth ride. I'll definitely fly this outfit again."
"Recently flew from Bangor Maine to Orlando Florida. Excellent service friendly flight attendants. Departed and arrived on time both leaving and returning. The ticket agent however in Bangor was not very helpful. My daughter and husband were travelling with two children and required a baby seat. They had checked and were told the baby seat was allowed with no charge. The agent didn't think the car seat qualified. After bringing in another to consult she finally allowed it but was not very nice about it. A little customer service goes a long way. A great experience and I would take this flight to Orlando again."
"My daughter and I flew from Avoca Pa to Sanford Orlando from July 3-10. We greatly enjoyed our smooth flights and onboard service. However there were delays going down and coming back of about an hour. I know Allegiant has great deals but need to improve on these delays for better traveling. Even though there were delays I will still chose Allegiant for future travels due to the value and convenience."
"We recently flew to Los Angeles with Allegiant Air and are thrilled that we have discovered this affordable airline option. We read all of their information so knew to weigh our luggage before leaving home as well as to bring our own snacks. We had a 50 minute flight delay which we were informed about via text. We downloaded their app which also enabled us to check in 24 hrs before and avoid the need for printing boarding passes. We had a gate change again no big deal. All the gates are in the same large room at LAX. The staff were helpful and informative - one suitcase was slightly overweight. They gave us time to transfer some items to another suitcase to avoid paying overage charges. We had a suitcase go missing - it was fed exed to our hotel after being located with Customer Service being very helpful with this issue. I would much rather pay these kinds of prices (our savings approx $1000 for 2 people) then pay to have an airline provide me an onboard coke and movie. I have dealt with flight delays lost luggage and gate changes with other airlines as well so feel these issues are not unique to Allegiant Air."
"Oakland CA to Provo Utah. Initially I was very excited to use this airline as I saw that the price for the trip was much less expensive than the usual commercial airlines flying into SLC. However I was disappointed as I continued the checking process and realized that I had to pay additional money for seats and for carry-on luggage. I then realized the total cost is not that significantly cheaper than Delta or another big airline. However I bought my tickets only 3 weeks in advance and may have saved significant money if I had purchased the tickets much earlier. I arrived to OAK 2.5 hours early in case there were any problems. Security clearance was a breeze. I am happy to say that there were no issues with delays or cancellations on this leg of the trip. The service was very good. Yes all beverages/snacks must be purchased but it is only a 1.5 hr flight and really who needs to drink/eat in that time. I can see why customers complained about the comfort of the seats as the backs are very thin and do not give a lot of cushion support. Anyway I had paid for a first row seat and I'm glad I did as I could easily get off the plane without waiting. I'm happy to say that I had no problems with my flight but I do wish the total price of the trip was much more of a \"deal\" than what I got in reality."
"I recently used this airline to travel round trio from Belleville IL to Orlando FL. I suppose to summarize I would categorize this as a fair airline. If you are planning travel with them make sure you take note of all the charges as basically everything (including advance seat selection etc) has an a la carte separate charge. Also the departing flight was two hours late and there was no explanation given by Allegiant staff as to why. The advantage of this airline is it flew out of a small general aviation airport that obviated the need for me to travel to St Louis. Recommended but be aware of all charges and propensity to lateness."
"6/12 flight No. 2073 departing at 8.30 am. Allegiant has no secrets of who and what they are. My trip from LAX to Hawaii was on time. Check-in was quicker than others Allegiant does not have as many forms and paperwork. Flight crew was pleasant and offered good service. Yes $2 for water or coke-but only $5 for Vodka on the rocks. If you are over 6 feet your knees will be flush against the seat in front of you. We saved $140 each on our round trip to and from Hawaii. I will use them again."
"6/19 - 6/26. Flight 1115 and 1114. I recently flew from LEX to Myrtle Beach and back on this airline. I read all the directions and requirements showed up prepared and on time with the luggage I prepaid for. It was a wonderful experience and a great bargain. I hope they keep this flight because I plan to use it several times a year and with the friendly staff and price it has made my trips possible."
"I just returned from a round trip on Allegiant from Greensboro - St. Pete. I have absolutely no complaints about the airline. This is a super discount airline. If you keep that in mind when you book your reservation you should not be too surprised when the final price of your ticket is determined. I have no comment on delayed flights. On none of the ~10 round-trips that I have taken with Allegiant have we been delayed more than 1/2 hour. Cabin crew and ground crew on all flights have been courteous and professional. I will definitely be flying Allegiant again."
"Have flown out of Grand Island NE to Phoenix/Mesa twice in the past two years. All departures were on time as well as arrivals. Staff at both ends pleasant. Can't speak of any other routes but this particular one seems to be doing a good job. Mesa airport can't be beat from what I have experienced."
"No complaints here. My flight was to Phoenix/Mesa. It was affordable very quick and efficient and all of the employees were very nice. Will definitely fly Allegiant Air again."
"I flew last month from Chattanooga to St. Pete FL. The flight there and back was great. Plane arrived on time friendly attendants. Online check in was easy and simple it made waiting in line a breeze. I flew with my daughter and did not pay extra to get assigned seats. I was nervous that we would be split up but each time we were placed together. The flight attendant coming back seemed confused about what gate and plane we were actually going to board at first but she figured it out. The plane looked new and spacious. The seats did not recline back but were bearable since the flight was only an hour. The security guard at the airport was very helpful in giving instructions to my ride. Overall I received great service for great price. I plan to definitely fly with them again and will recommend to my friends and family."
"We have flown Allegiant 4 times now from Grand Forks ND to Sanford FL and have only had a delay once (our first time) due to a mechanical issue. The staff were very friendly and apologetic and after being delayed for 4 hours we actually arrived in Sanford in pretty good time. To people that are dissatisfied if there is a mechanical problem would you rather they discover it in mid-flight or would you rather have the delay? The money that we save with this airline is phenomenal and we will continue to use them as I think it is great value for the money."
"Flew from to Niagara Falls to Sandford Florida and return. Both flights were somewhat on time (delayed a few mins leaving but arrived early at destination) and were smooth. Using the smaller airports is so much easier and more convenient.. All of the \"extras\" are subject to additional costs but on a 2 hour flight who really needs much more anyway. The flight down was aboard an old MD83 and the flight back was on a much newer Airbus A320. Good cheap non-stop flight and remember to read all the fine print and you will not be overcharged. Those complaining about \"Surprise\" charges did not read the disclaimers."
"After reading reviews I was nervous about my upcoming flight from South Bend to Mesa. However my experience was very positive. I was very pleased with all Allegiant employees I encountered. The flight attendants were very helpful and friendly and would go above-and-beyond to help a customer. The plane's cabin was very clean well- kept and fairly comfortable. I was concerned about leg room so I up-graded to an exit seat for the trip there. However I did not have that option on the return trip but did not need the extra room. I am 6'3\" and had no issues with leg room or being comfortable. And yes there are no free snacks or drinks but their prices are extremely reasonable. I would rather pay a small amount for something I would like anyways. Overall I was very pleased with my experience and will fly Allegiant again. I hope Allegiant continues to expand to other airports and increase their routes."
"We recently flew out of Bellingham to Las Vegas. The flight was on time crew were friendly I agree the seats are a bit uncomfortable but it's 2.5 hours so not a big issue. The only issue we had was on our return flight from Las Vegas we checked our bags at the airport at an outdoor kiosk and were told after our bags were taken that the fellows outside work on a tip only basis. We thought that was quite tacky and next time will check our bags at the counter inside. Overall though there were no issues worth mentioning and we would fly with them again."
"Having read some of the reviews I was a bit worried when I booked my flight to Honolulu. We left on April 25th on time. The Allegiant reps and flight attendants were very nice. The seats were a bit tight. They didn't give me free peanuts and drinks but since I saved nearly 800 dollars per person I could overlook that. The flight back was on time flight attendants were very nice people were on staff to check us in."
"We had a great flight today. It was our first time flying with Allegiant and felt it was a bit of a gamble having read some poor reviews but our flight today between Clearwater and Harrisburg PA was perfect. From the check-in person to the pilots and flight attendants I truly noticed an attention to customer service I was not expecting. It was little things like just being friendly and talking to us like humans not robots that made the biggest impact. It made me feel so glad we chose to give Allegiant airline a chance and look forward to doing so much more in the future. We knew in advance we would be paying extra for luggage and for drinks etc. The rates were still the best and only non-stop available. And the fact that the seats did not recline back was considered a plus by me."
"Flew round trip out of Fort Wayne to Phoenix. This was the only airline close by that was affordable for entire family to fly. The flight left early both times boarding started 45 minutes before departure time and we were on the runway 5 minutes prior to departure time and arrived earlier. I did pay for 5 seats and a checked bag and still came out ahead. The kids used backpacks and my husband and I each had a small bag that we put under our seats. They may have eyed our bags but never measured or asked any questions. The check in desk attendants and flight crew were all very nice. This trip definitely can compare to flying Delta. The plane was MD-80 very clean and comfortable. I will fly them again. I highly recommend being at the gate and checked in ready to go at least one hour prior to departure they board early and quickly!"
"We went from Greensboro to Sanford for a Spring Disney Trip. The staff was great from the check-in counter to landing. The flight attendants were very friendly. We had the same attendants on both flights and they remembered us and asked about our trip. The lady at check-in also told us that military doesn't have to pay for bags which saved me about $180. Overall great experience!"
"Have flown many times with Allegiant and always expected some delays but never encountered one at all. Our fare from Orlando to Springfield MO was priced at $408 with Delta a 2 hour layover at Atlanta. We booked with Allegiant and paid just $110 round-trip and non stop. The aircraft was clean and flight attendants wonderful. I regularly travel from Orlando to Little Rock Springfield MO Newport News and Salisbury (now deleted) and thoroughly recommend Allegiant."
"Flew round trip from Allentown to Orlando/Sanford. Was a little worried as I never herd of Allegiant before and that the planes are old but we had no problems and they were on time. I would use them again."
"We flew Concord to Orlando and back with Allegiant and we loved it. We were careful to read all the rules about baggage etc before we got to the airport so we had no issues there. Yes you do have to pay for even a soda on the flight but it was not a big deal. The flight was comfortable the attendants were nice the flight was a little delayed but not by much and certainly no worse than any other airline. I really don't get all the complaints I have seen on other reviews. I really liked Allegiant!"
"I have flown with Allegiant only twice round-trip from SGF to AZA. Both times we were always on time or even somewhat early. They deliver exactly what you pay for. From the ground crew to the air crew they are all professional and very pleasant. I only hope they continue to grow and look forward to using them more as they add destinations."
"TUL to SFB flight and back after a weekend. The main motivation to use this airline was the affordable price and a direct flight to desired destination. We did our homework and were mostly pleased. This airline asks you to sacrifice comfort and charges less for it. If you demand extra they charge you extra. Have your boarding pass ready and be at the airport early. Print out your boarding pass as early as you can to get the best seats it is very important if you would like to sit with the person on the same reservation. Pack light. We just used the carry on allowed bag that has to fit under the seat. This also allows you to go straight to your gate. All check in bags and bigger carry on ones will be charged extra. The seats do not move but bring your own neck pillow. They allow a lunch pack and I had it with me so did not have to buy any food on the plane. Well I did buy a can of ice tea for $2. Bottle of water was also $2. Make sure you have an acceptable credit card for that. Restrooms are free! I did not like that the flights I took were both late. 30 and 45min. Not sure why. Seemed like that the first flight had been placed with the different plane (new airbus) since the seating arrangements were off and the second flight had some turbulent weather. Second plane was really old Douglas 80. Staff were nice and helpful. People do forget that this airline is different and demand the same service as on other airlines. Then they get frustrated if they get charged. I think I will fly again with them."
"Flew yesterday with my family to Orlando for Spring Break and the flight was great when your on a budget this is the airline to choose. I read all the negative comments but every airline has delays. I fly for business at least once a week and I can't count how many times I have been delayed for numerous reasons. Direct flight was a big plus and Orlando/Sanford is an easy airport to get around in and you are out the door with your luggage in 20 minutes once you land. I will definitely use them again!"
"I fly Bangor to Punta Gorda or Tampa/St Pete a lot. For what I save in cost I can't complain. However my attitude is that I am simply paying to get from point A to point B safely and on time - and at minimal cost. That always happens. I've had delayed flights on every airline I've ever flown - except Allegiant. That's simply a coincidence and it will surely happen eventually. It seems people can't wait to post bad news never the good. Allegiant specializes in low cost flights so don't compare them to airlines that hype about making your flight the highlight of your vacation. If you want to pay (a lot) extra for all the luxuries that's your choice - don't fly Allegiant."
"Bellingham to Las Vegas round trip. Surprisingly the trip to KLAS was really smooth. Our personal item was a bit big width-wise but we got through no problem. Our plane arrived few minutes early the staff were professional and humorous (not expecting that) and the seats weren't that bad. The flight was really smooth. The trip back to KBLI was delayed by an hour because the incoming flight from Bellingham was delayed by the rain and even though the plane was parked in the gate both pilots were on the incoming flight. We made up some time because of strong tailwind (the pilots were trying hard to arrive a few minutes earlier). The pilots landed in the wind smoothly. The only thing I dislike about this airline is that you have to pay to select a seat even upon check-in. When you look at the price tag ($400 for 2 ppl round trip) all those pay drinks could be forgiven even the expensive carry-on. I think that you see all those negative reviews because people who had positive experience took it for granted (though really those delays are horrible to hear). I will travel with Allegiant again and hopefully Allegiant will train more professional crews."
"Flew from Niagara Falls to Sanford. Flights were on-time. No frills airlines but additional charges were excessive. Normal checked baggage with other airlines is 50lbs. With these guys its 40lbs. Had to pay additional $150 for overages. Convenience has a price tag other than that I would fly with someone else."
"We flew the Charlotte to Orlando route and had a great experience both ways. The flights were a little delayed but no worse than any other airline and one delay was truly weather related. You do have to pay for every bag soda and snack on the flight but the flight was literally 1/3 the price of other airlines so I didn't mind spending $13 for a bag or $3 for a soda. Flight attendants were nice flight was comfortable...no complaints here."
"I have flown this airline numerous times and my experience has been similar. However this week I flew on 3/10 from Asheville to Punta Gorda and 3/14 back. Both flights took off and landed on time with no hassles."
"This is probably my seventh or eighth round-trip between Greensboro and St. Pete. Like all the other flights I was very pleased with Allegiant. Their flight crews are quite professional yet very friendly the planes are new and are usually quite clean. Both flights this time were either on time or just a few minutes late. Yes you pay for everything. But I find that everything is explained on their website. I will continue to fly with Allegiant in the future."
"We flew from Syracuse to Clearwater and after reading all the bad reviews we were very nervous as to what to expect. We flew with 3 small children during the March Break too. The customer service on both ends was excellent the staff were very friendly and accommodating with our children. The check-in line was quick and efficient on both ends. Our flight was delayed on the way down for an hour but once the plane arrived we quickly boarded and were up and away. Complimentary water and pretzels were given and the flight was smooth and quick. I would totally fly this airline again and as a family of 5 discount rates during the March Break a non-stop flight and small lineups beat a larger airline with more frills any day!"
"Flew to St. Pete's from Bangor (return) - no issues on the flight there. Flight home was delayed 1 hour which was not a big deal. Complimentary water and pretzels provided due to the delay. Staff were friendly and things were kept very simple. Liked the fact that it was a direct flight and the price was considerably lower than other airlines."
"Fly from MDT to Orlando/Sanford. Check in was a little rough due to no one delegating which line was the line for people who already checked in vs people just arriving and not checked in ahead of time. Flight left on time. Seats weren't anything special but it's an airplane not your living room sofa. Flight attendants were helpful and nice. The airline is a discount airline so you're going to get charge for the \"frills\". You get a discounted ticket but you're going to end up paying for the extra stuff right down to the seating and bags. Our flight back to MDT was delayed 2 hours but the weather was bad that day with snow up North and thunderstorms down South. Not much anyone could do with that setback. All in all I'd use them again and even suggest it to people I know could handle it."
"We travelled to Punta Gorda Fl. on Feb 10th and returned Feb 28th. Both flight were on Miami Air and went smoothly we were given complimentary pretzels and water both ways. Allegiant and Miami staff were friendly and helpful the seats on the 737 had plenty of leg room."
"My husband and I travelled to Florida from Bangor recently on an Allegiant flight. Staff friendly and everything else was very satisfactory. We were leaving in poor weather so the plane had to be de-iced. That meant our departure was delayed for one hour. When we compared the cost of flights from other departure points and with other airlines there was no comparison for value for money. And the fact that the trip was non-stop was a real bonus. We would definitely fly Allegiant again!"
"Recently flew out of PIE. Surprisingly we left on time even arrived early. Even though they said we had a tailwind behind us I think it was more like less planes traveling that day because of a snowstorm. I had the time for this flight and was actually prepared for their tardiness and was pleased to be on time for once! Would recommend because of price but be prepared to be late."
"Orlando/Sanford to Belleville Il. Feb 9. I have 2 million plus miles on the 3 major carriers and flew Allegiant Air for the first time last Sunday. I was pleasantly surprised by my experience. Flight was a few minutes late but with the snow that was fine. The crew was great and I enjoyed my conversation with the flight attendants. I have no issue with pay-as you go. I will fly them again!"
"Flight 813 from Roanoke to St. Petersburg on 1/26/14. Return Flight 812 on 1/30/14. My husband and I flew down to Florida from Roanoke VA last week. It was perhaps the best airline experience I have had in decades. The reservation process was excellent with the site being easy to navigate and all details being clearly explained. We paid for pre-assigned seats and for one carry-on each. We printed out our boarding passes prior to arriving at the airport and everything was a breeze. We had early arrivals and the flight was comfortable. I will definitely travel through Allegiant Air in the future when going to Florida."
"I travel from Appleton WI to Orlando/Sanford FL at least two to three times a year and I always have a pleasant experience. I am a paraplegic and require aisle wheelchair assistance and they are excellent about it. I find the prices more than reasonable even after adding your baggage."
"Family of 9 (5 adults 4 children) travelled from ST Cloud to Orlando. Excellent service flight and price! Will definitely travel Allegiant again."
"I flew from Austin to Las Vegas on a Thursday and returned on a Sunday. I had nothing but positive experiences the entire time. The $55 airfare was a steal compared to the other airlines which made it pretty easy to overlook fees for luggage and seat selection. I am 6'6\" so I paid $21 each way to sit in the exit row (31st row) in the aisle and I had at least five feet of space in front of me. The flights started boarding an entire hour before scheduled take-off which I guess was nice. Both flights left exactly on time and both arrived to their destination ahead of schedule. I would definitely fly Allegiant Air again."
"Flew December 21 from Knoxville to Punta Gorda. Flight was on time. Paid to sit in the third row seats were fine. Overall this airline is just fine! Significantly cheaper than all other airlines and flying to a small airport meant no traffic jams. Yes you have to pay to choose your seat and to carry on an item but still it is so much less expensive and trip went well."
"Originally the airline pushed our December 9 2013 11.20am departure (from Sanford/Orlando FL to Hagerstown MD) to 5.20pm (they notified us 2 days in advance via email). We were glad that they emailed in advance allowing us time to change plans which benefited us. However with the change to 5.20pm we arrived in horrific weather conditions and Hagerstown airport closed after we had circled for a while. So we were diverted to Youngstown OH. Allegiant paid for overnight stays for all customers aboard at 3 nice local hotels (including limo service to and from and full hot breakfasts the next morning). Hagerstown airport was not well equipped to deal with this \"special\" situation so it took 2 hours to get everything organized but we were very pleased at how Allegiant took care of us. We will definitely be glad to rate our experience as very positive and we will most certainly be return customers in the future."
"Why does everybody expect something for nothing? We flew Allegiant on November 21 2013 from Cedar Rapids to Las Vegas. Departure was on time as was arrival. Returned on Dec 5 and once again departure was on schedule and we arrived in Cedar Rapids 15 minutes early. Yes I paid for one checked bag and one carry-on. No the seat did not recline - but at least there wasn't a kid in front of me who felt that he had the right to slam his seat into my knees. I really didn't have a problem paying 2 bucks for a Coke either. The aircraft was comfortable and clean and the total fare was reasonable. Oh I almost forgot - as a non-stop flight we didn't have to put up with the hassle and stress of changing planes in Denver or Chicago."
"Saw all the bad reviews and don't understand why. I have flown Allegiant many times with no delays other than weather and the staff were great. Can't beat it for the cost. Would recommend to anyone. How else can you get to Florida in 1hour 45 minutes from Ohio for 75 dollars."
"Absolutely prefer this airline. Love the price direct flight and the smaller airports. Flew Sioux Falls to Tampa 11/16/13 and back 11/19/13. Will consider them first before any other airline."
"Springfield Missouri to Punta Gorda November 14-17 2013. Flight out was delayed slightly but most time made on the way to Punta Gorda. No problems on return. $150 pp R/T including bag fee. Staff was great service was good. If you know the rules and play their game on ticketing luggage and check-in you can save money. With older second hand aircraft you are bound to have some delays but for the price you can not do better. Many trips on Allegiant and only one serious delay."
"Was very apprehensive about flying Allegiant after reading all the bad reviews however the return flight from Bangor to Orlando was absolutely fine. The check in staff were the friendliest I've come across in a long time the flights left on time without incident and the price was right."
"Flew from GSP to FLL this week. Flight on time and arrived on time. Fly with Allegiant every month and have only had one issue with late departures. Friendly crew and clean aircraft."
"Just flew from St Pete to South Bend and back over the past weekend. We purchased and checked in online with no problems. They're a nice airline with friendly staff and clean fairly roomy planes. Our only issue was the punctuality problem they seem to have with everyone. Our flights were delayed both times by 20-25 minutes. Not deal killers but still annoying. Seems like they would be more concerned about maintaining their schedule but they don't apologize and everyone acts as if that's standard procedure. Feel free to leave the A/C on while we're waiting to depart or deplane. It gets stifling real quick."
"When flying from Tri-Cities Tenn to Florida they are the only direct-flight game in town. We have used them for several years with minimal delays. They were particularly good at responding to the loss of several aircraft a few days ago. If money were no object I suppose we all would be using a chartered Lear but for most of us money is a factor and Allegiant provides reasonable service at an unbelievably low price."
"For the money that we paid it was an excellent flight. I flew from Las Vegas to Kalispell MT - Yes they charge you for any added things such as carryon luggage seat assignments onboard drinks etc but if you are interested in a low fare and getting from point A to point B - I don't think they can be beaten. Our flights were on time the crews were cordial and the check in experience was comparable with other major airlines. Allegiant is a discount airline so you cannot compare their services with a Delta or America. They provide basic transportation at a very reasonable price. The downside to them is that unlike the major airlines they do not have a large number of extra airplanes sitting around so should you encounter a mechanical problem the plane will have to be fixed before you can fly they cant fly in an extra aircraft. I think for the money paid they provide an excellent value in airline travel - you simply must realize what they do and that is basic air transportation."
"A couple of weeks ago I flew for $66.00 to Florida and $66.00 return. I have a vacation home south of Tampa so I don't need to take luggage. I take my purse and walk on and off the plane with no hassles. Yes I have to pay 2.00 for water pop or a snack but compared to paying 500.00 return flying from Ottawa I just can't justify spending the other 350.00 difference and Air Canada doesn't provide meals anymore. Yes I have to work around the Allegiant flight times and pay for my snacks and yes I have less flexibility but I am saving a lot of money! I find the staff courteous friendly helpful and professional. I don't need an inflight movie it is only a 3 hour trip. I applaud this airline for providing good service at great prices and direct flights."
"We have flown Allegiant since they came to our area and have never had a problem We flew out September 1st to Las Vegas. Ticket agent was great fast and friendly plane took off on time and we even landed in Las Vegas a few minutes early. Return trip was the same ticket agent was friendly and funny. Flight attendants on both flights were friendly. Plane took off on time and we landed on time. Ok so the seats don't recline not a problem we just stood up once and a while to stretch our legs. Food no problem the wife packed some snacks for the flight out and the return trip. All in all we have had great trips with Allegiant and we will continue to fly with them. We love the direct flights."
"Flew Allegiant for the first time from Bellingham to Maui. Flights were fantastic (left on time and arrive in Maui 30 minutes early). We are a family of 4 from British Columbia Canada and by flying Allegiant we were able to save over $3000 in air fare. The flight wasn't full so you could spread out between the seats or sleep on 3 if you wish. We brought our own food and purchased bottle water at the airport. Yes the planes are basic and don't have TV's etc. but if you're prepared (bring your own portable DVD players cards books etc) the flight was good (actually spent time talking to our kids rather than having their noses stuck to their phones). Would definitely fly Allegiant again already planning our next trip!"
"Pasco to Las Vegas 3x to Mesa 2x and Los Angeles 2x. You don't fly Allegiant if you expect comfortable seats warm service or even being on time. It's a relatively inexpensive ride that's all. Bring your own drinks and food. Get to the airport a couple hours before the flight. Don't show up with overweight bags. Expect flight delays. Expect skeletal staff that's worked to the bone doing multiple tasks. Don't fly Allegiant if it's a really significant trip like attending a wedding or going to Hawaii. Don't get same-day-as-flight show tickets in Vegas. If you play defence like that and expect nothing more than bare minimum no frills travel then Allegiant isn't a bad way to fly. The longest delay I ever had was a 3 hour delay leaving Pasco for Vegas. It killed that evening there but we hadn't booked and shows that evening either. Just flew to Los Angeles this past weekend. Short acceptable delay going down. Return flight an hour delay because they initially didn't have a flight crew. That was a new one. But they flew faster and we arrived only 45 min late which is essentially on-time for Allegiant."
"Great for the price. Even with the extra charges for baggage stored in overhead and paying the small fee for a selected seat to ensure we all sat together the total cost per person was still half compared to using a major airline. We flew from Mesa AZ to Rochester MN round trip and there was only about a 30 minute delay at departure and about a 45 minute delay for the return flight. You can also save on baggage fees by paying a head on line any time before check-in. For only a 2.5-3 hour flight the tight seating was bearable. I would hope for a longer flight that they use a larger airplane with more room for comfort."
"I have taken 3 flights from Des Moines IA to Las Vegas the last 3 years. Overall the price was good flights on time and staff friendly. Even with the added costs of luggage seat purchase etc the airline is still cheaper than others. The older MD 83 aircraft are a cause for concern and I am aware from friends that they have higher than average delay rate. I will still fly them because of price and non-stop service. All airlines have problems."
"I have flown with Allegiant a few times over the last couple of years. They fly to the city closest to my daughter (St. Pete FL to Plattsburgh NY). Generally the best value and location for me and good service. All airlines have mechanical problems from time to time but I do worry about the age of the planes. They had plane trouble today (July 29) again and bussed passengers from Albany GA to St. Pete FL. I am planning a trip for November and contemplating my options based on today's flight problems."
"My wife flew Allentown-Sanford one way on July 7 and all went smoothly. No hassle printing out online boarding pass with aisle seat assigned for free no security hassles at under-utilized ABE airport flight smooth was actually due in 10 minutes early but in fact arrived on time. She was travelling with a personal item only so no extra fees to her rock bottom one way fare. I agree with prior reviewers that their fees do add up quickly so plan accordingly. Also keep in mind Allegiant flies from small airports which generally mean higher fares so at least you get the non stop service with them. Also bear in mind if you suffer a delay which is common with all airlines these days this could have been time wasted with 1-2 hours at a hub airport. As in most customer service reviews people quickly point out the bad without reporting the good. My advise is give them a try and judge for yourself."
"Nov 2012 we flew out of Bellingham family of 5 2 adults 3 under 12. We saved almost $1000 flying Allegiant the parking was where we saved as well as Allegiant flies into smaller airports. Check in was fine and we paid for assigned seating. Well worth it as we were 5 and we had the first row. The seats were fine no complaints. Flight left on time. The cabin crew were nice and attentive. No high pressure sales. My kids loved the snack packs they sold on board and I didn't mind paying for them they were not that expensive. The plane was clean but they are older so there has to be some wear and tear. Flight times were exactly as mentioned. We paid for 5 carry-ons. Coming back we were delayed 4 hours at LAX and had to move to another gate. Yet when we boarded the flight was good. So with the small fees and delays I being not wealthy will continue to fly Allegiant."
"Flights both ways from Vegas to RFD and back went well. Flight out was on time. Plane was clean and seats were comfortable. Staff very friendly and courteous. Experienced good communication from staff and pilots re: gate change need for full runway slightly warmer cabin until engines full on and longer taxiing and delay about an hour on return flight. Airline does charge for both carryon and checked bags and food/beverages but this is mentioned on their website. Smaller plane so important carry on baggage meets their specifications which is listed on their website. I had no problems re: carryon checking in and printing online boarding pass. Overall a good experience with them. Would fly them again."
"Verified Review | Memphis to Las Vegas via Phoenix. Excellent customer service and professional flight attendants. There was a lady sitting in my assigned window seat. When I told her it was my seat, she would not move. I confirmed my seat with flight attendant and she advised the lady that her seat was in the next row and the lady still refused to move. I sat in another seat and explained it was no big deal. The FA said thank you so much and gave me a bag of snacks for my patience and kindness! She handled the situation smoothly and very professional."
"Verified Review | Norfolk to Dayton via Washington. I was flying with my 90 year old grandmother who has limited mobility. Our first flight was delayed about 30 minutes in Norfolk so it was a rush to catch our connecting flight. I was very worried we would miss our next flight with my grandmother being in a wheel chair. American Airlines was very helpful to accommodate us. They brought us our own handicap-accessible bus, took us right to our gate and wheeled us straight onto the next plane. We made it with time to spare! The pilot saw how exhausted my elderly grandma looked, and upgraded us to first class. He made our whole day! Thank you American Airlines!"
"Verified Review | Just a quick review, since I think so many people only \"review\" when they've had a bad experience. I flew Portland OR - Boston RT and had a terrific experience. Nothing remarkable but online ticketing and check-in was easy, everyone was friendly, got the seats I wanted, no hitches, delays etc. Great experience overall from American Airlines."
"Verified Review | We are happy to report an excellent experience with American Airlines. We took a long-anticipated vacation to D.C. and the flight there was on time and very nice to inexperienced travelers. The flight was good and we were comfortable. They handed out snacks and a drink to passengers. Unfortunately, our trip was cut short due to an unexpected death in the family. My mom had also been hospitalized after learning of the death, so I just wanted to get home asap. I called American Airlines to help change our plans for an emergency flight home, and the woman who helped us was so kind and patient as we were still reeling from the news and trying to make a decision whether to take an early flight with a layover or take one in the afternoon. They waived change fees that would have been over $400 and just charged us less than $20 for the difference in the ticket costs. The woman from American Airlines handled everything, and got us home at the earliest possible time we could get out. We are inexperienced fliers and have never had a transfer. The ticket agents helped us figure everything out. When our flight was delayed due to weather I started to panic for fear of missing out connecting flight, and the steward was so helpful and kind - The transfer ended up getting off and then getting back on the same plane so we didn't have to worry about missing the connecting plane! Thank you American Airlines - we felt like people, never like sheep."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to New York JFK. More often than none, passengers bash the airline that failed to meet their personal expectations. There are so many components that go into air travel that it becomes trite to focus on event that left a bad taste. So, this review is to extol American Airlines. Checking in at SFO was quick and easy and the women who placed the luggage on the belt was charming. The Admirals Club was staffed by friendly workers and the morning display of food was more than enough to satisfy even a picky traveler. The Aircraft is amazing as is the business class seats. The FAs were professional, warm, friendly, and proud to be serving the customer. The food was as good as the service. IFE was outstanding. This was one of the best flights I have taken. American is doing what they do best. Perhaps it is the route that warrants this service."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Ontario to Phoenix. I had to call the customer service for a question about baggage and upgrade. I would like to say how impressed I was with their customer service. Upon completing a short voice prompt, I was directed to the appropriate department. I expected a wait time as with most lines. I was pleasantly surprised to be connected to a customer service representative in under a minute. When I talked to her, she was most gracious and helpful."
"Verified Review | We flew with American Airlines from Hartford to Orange County via Dallas. My wife and I had to use the customer services of wheelchair. We found the staff helpful and accommodating. We felt we were taken care off. Staff of AA were courteous on our journey. Will fly AA again."
"Verified Review | An overall pleasant flight from Rome to Philadelphia - aside from the complimentary hot meal and wine/beer, free pretzels and water/juice were available at the rear of the aircraft throughout the flight. In addition, ice cream was provided mid-flight, followed by a hot savory snack as well as a sweet snack. Personal screens offered a wealth of options, and seats featured a USB port for device charging. Flight attendants were all friendly and helpful, although a few were a bit more informal that they should have been. This is a much better product in terms of value for money than British Airways offers at the moment."
"Verified Review | Being able to fly First Class on a transcontinental route (New York to San Diego) is certainly a treat that I looked forward to. I decided to treat myself to the Admirals Club at JFK which to me was one of the highlights of the journey. Great healthy snacks, fresh guacamole and well made cocktails. The aircraft cabin was standard with leather seats, ample space and well stocked personal Samsung tablets. Now, I believe First Class service should be special including the check-in, what happened to the First Class Check in? It's just \"Priority\"! The food was quite tasty albeit the meals were different from what the web-site listed in the pre-order. Here's the issue: the FA's were nothing but robotic and functioning. Fake smiles with minimal service. One drink service, expedited food presentation and that was it! I had to get up to get a simple glass of water. More time was spent in the galley complaining to each other about the company, which was easy to over hear, rather then taking caring of the premium paying passengers, First Class FA's should represent the high standard of the Airline. American is doing a great job but customer service should be a paramount determinant."
"Verified Review | Nassau to Pittsburgh via Miami. I was traveling with my 2.5 year old daughter and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. This was only her 2nd flight and I truly appreciate everything both flight attendants did to make our flights so enjoyable! Thank you again."
"Verified Review | My family was returning home from a wonderful vacation that included a Cruise. We arrived at Ontario, CA airport 09.30 pm for a flight departing at 11.59 pm. Upon arrival my sister dropped me off at the terminal with our luggage and proceeded to return rental car. The American Skycap helped me get the luggage inside when I started to tip him, I discovered my wallet and phone were missing. Firstly the skycap called my sister continuously with no reply (kudos to him). I was panicked as you may imagine, my next contact was a very knowledgeable and caring ticket agent. She picked up her phone and tried to reach Hertz who did not answer her many phone calls on my behalf, then called airport police. Officer also attempted to contact Hertz with no avail. Finally, my sister arrived and went back to Hertz and the car and found my wallet and phone, all was well. I want to say a huge thank you to our ticket agent who also checked us in, for everything she did. When we reached the gate the agent they knew my name and asked if I had found my wallet. Kudos to the entire Ontario, CA Int, staff and especially to our American Airlines ticket agent."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Dallas Ft Worth. On our trip, we were delayed due to weather. We were very pleased with how American Airlines' customer service took care of us. They re-routed us while we were on the delayed flight because they knew we wouldn't catch our next flight. They contacted us immediately to give us our new flights. When we arrived in Dallas, our bags did not make it. They contacted us the minute we exited the plane to let us know they would be delivered so we didn't have to wait in baggage claim. Their customer service was outstanding."
"Verified Review | I was headed from Chicago to Dallas Fort Worth with an 80 year old friend to attend her grandson's wedding. Upon arrival I dropped my friend off at the curb of the airport while I parked my vehicle. An American Airline employee saw me and immediately assisted me. Even though he was not yet on duty he still jumped in and helped me from start to finish. The flight was smooth and I cannot thank George and American Airlines enough for their wonder service!"
"Verified Review | Tallahassee to Vail via Dallas Ft Worth. We are the only ones in priority check in just to be ignored while employees are having a great time talking and laughing. Then the one employee checking coach class customers helped 2 other customers while we felt like fools for paying first class prices. All was well and the 1st class cabin was comparable to competitors. Food was a disgrace. Service was good. White wine was served warm with no apologies. On our return again ignored while standing in priority check in while watching coach class customers jump ahead. Again food was a disgrace. This time the stewardess did say the white wine was not yet cold. And gave us the option of warm or waiting a while for it to chill. While waiting to board in DFW we ask if there would be a meal served. Trying to decide if we needed to purchase and carry on something for lunch. To our surprise neither of the 2 AA employees knew and had no idea how to find out. I guess my biggest problem is that first class prices should be supported with first class service and food. Our expectations are based on Delta's 1st class service. Pre flight video wasted no time bragging about being the largest airline with 6700 planes. And yes that's impressive, But please note, I can only fly in one plane at a time and really expect that flight to compare to the airlines with less than 6700 planes. AA, clean up your first class service."
"Verified Review | American Airlines check in was very easy and we dropped off our bags at the bag drop. I am Pre Check so security was quick. However the gate area was crowded as the flight from Phoenix to Maui was full so it was hard to hear boarding announcements. Gate agent was pleasant. This is a B757 which means it is old. There is no seat-back IFE just the large monitors placed throughout the cabin. Didn't watch the movie because the sound was not very good. I had my tablet with me so I just watched a couple of downloaded movies on the 6 hour flight. Flight attendants came through the cabin a couple of times with drinks and selling snacks. One of the attendants was cranky but the others were very pleasant. Seat was worn and could use an upgrade. The flight was generally comfortable, we left on time and arrived on time and our bags were out about 20 minutes after we landed. Overall a reasonably good flight. Sometimes I think only people with bad experiences write on these review sites. I have generally been pleased with AA."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Beijing. I normally use British Airways for long haul but decided to change because of poor service. The plane was new and the business class seats comfortable. Probably the best entertainment I have seen on any flight. Food menu was bland but this is normal on some western carriers. American could be world class if only they taught their staff to be human and empathetic. If they concentrated on making the passengers comfortable rather than themselves it would have made the grade. Conclusion better than British Airways but not as good as Cathay."
"Verified Review | Flew from New York LGA to Chicago ORD on a flight that surpassed every expectation! It left and arrived on schedule. I had checked in a bag and it was on the luggage carousel soon after arrival. The in-flight service harkened back to the joyous days of flying. Two exceedingly courteous and solicitous flight attendants catered to the first class cabin whose 16 seats were all occupied. A full breakfast with choices was provided. Beverages were offered numerous times. Attendants came regularly to check on passenger wishes. Free giveaway headphones were offered to listen to music or watch a show on the drop down from the ceiling TV screens - no screens on the back of the seat in front. Bathroom was kept clean and tidy. A hot towel to refresh was another pleasant perk. Pilots kept us in the loop on the flight's progress. It was a very early morning flight on the first day of the month - the July issue of the inflight magazine was in the pocket and the crossword puzzle was quite engaging. The cabin was pleasant, spacious and clean with ample overhead space to stow bags. Very high performance by American Airlines! Hope they can repeat it again and again."
"Verified Review | If you are in trouble, you can count on American Airlines. I lost my passport before my flight from Las Vegas to Toronto and you should see all they did for me. More than I could ask. They found me a solution, reorganize everything and didn't charge a cent for it. All the staff were great."
"Verified Review | New York to Dallas. The first leg of a return from New York to Sydney via Dallas. The first headache on this trip is getting out of Midtown Manhattan to La Guardia. That was an hour to cover 9 miles. I try and avoid JFK as the run takes two hours. La Guardia is old but functional. Light loads means clearing TSA quickly and into the small but fine Admirals Lounge. New aircraft, great IFE and early arrivals meant hassle free travel. Sure you have to bring your own food but that's the way it is. AA has its critics and I am not one of them based on this and the recent trans US travel."
"Verified Review | Montevideo to Miami. Overall a very good experience. Check in nice staff on the ground. Lounge Access at Montevideo. Boarding on time, grups, all well done. Once on board very nice FA. Seat configuration on the Boeing 767 it`s very comfortable. Seat with lots of personal space, flat bed, comfy blanket and pillow. Tablet for IFE lots of chices. Food selection ok, and wines very good. The FA were great, and the flight departed just on time, arrived 15 min early at the gate. Great flight."
"Verified Review | Chicago to London Heathrow. On time departure and arrival in a clean Boeing 787-8. Crew smiling and polite, service was exceptional and the food really good. Extra snacks and many rounds of drinks were provided too. Legroom was ok but since I am a big guy it could be better, but still not an issue. Entertainment system was very good with a wide selection of movies, games, music etc. Overall a great experience."
"Verified Review | Miami to Los Angeles. Excellent, fresh new plane (the flagship aircraft for AA). Was able to snag a biz class seat by requesting an upgrade about 2-3 months in advance. 15J is right near the window with reasonable privacy. Fully lie-flat seat with a mirror and an amenity kit. A huge plus were the Bose noise-cancelling headphones. The pillow was okay, blanket was great. The meal service was excellent - salad to start with warm nuts, great wine choices (I sampled the two whites) and a sea bass entree with pesto rice and carrots. The signature hot fudge sundae followed. The service was polite without being spectacular. I was able to take a nap just before we landed into LA (beautiful sunset landing). One of the few negatives: my laptop charger could not charge in the socket (perhaps due to its bulky size)."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to Chicago return. I had apprehensions but prices were lower than Asian carriers with significantly shorter travel time including domestic connection in Japan. Online check in for feeder flights with Japan Airlines not possible, but could change and select seat for longhaul both ways. Window on the way there, legroom rather tight as mentioned in other reviews, but bearable as seats are slim (I am 6'6\" or almost 2m). On the way back, had an aisle seat but a crew member was nice enough to let me sit on 18K/L which were both unoccupied. While most crew members just did the bare necessary, service was overall fine, and especially on the way back some of the crew were genuinely friendly and seemed to enjoy their work, especially the more senior crew members, contrary to what I expected from other reviews. Food was alright (except for horrible, cold, way too salty mid-flight sandwiches) somewhat better out of NRT, soft drinks, wine, and several beers free. Three drink rounds per meal were plenty. Entertainment system responsive and with good choice, all flights on time. Can't find much fault with AA overall and would fly them again for the right price."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to San Diego. New aircraft with mood lightning and new style of seat, big tv screens and Bose headphones. Only negative was the headrest, which was not well padded. Large movie selection. Excellent preordered food, but very restricted wine selection. Liked especially the ice-cream Sundae. Pilot had been sucked in a huge traffic jam, so arrived about 40 minutes after the plane should have taken off. Additionally evening air traffic delay at JFK, so that the plane departed about 2 hours late. Made up some of this delay, but we arrived nevertheless 40 minutes late. Very strange baggage delivery in San Diego, belt changed three times before they started delivery. in summary a quite good flight and service."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to San Jose. When I got to the airport I was running late. I was actually too late to check my bags so I went to the front counter to see what my alternatives were. The woman who helped me was amazing. She had said that there was no way to get my bags on the flight so she would have to switch my flights. She worked it out so that I only got into San Jose 9 min later that I would have with my first flight and I was seated in an exit row! People say that the American Airlines staff doesn't care, but that has never been my experience with this airline."
"Verified Review | London to Colorado Springs via Dallas. After reading the reviews, before my flight earlier this month, I was concerned to say the least. Dreading my upcoming flight almost. But, after having flown Delta to Colorado Springs in December 2016. I am pleased to be able to say the conditions on AA main cabin were as good as, if not better in one area, as Delta. I can't actually see the justification for bad reviews in main cabin. It wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. The seat pitch was fine. I would go as far to say I feel like I had more leg room on AA than I did on Delta, but the seat width is noticeably less than other flights I've been on. Thankfully there was a seat between myself and the other passenger in my row, otherwise we would literally be squashed in, banging elbows and almost would be impossible to eat comfortably without encroaching on the space of the person next to you. I was contemplating paying extra for main cabin extra, but from what I saw, I'm glad I didn't. I would save your money as I couldn't see any significant difference in leg room, although it's supposed to provide an additional 6 inches. I wasn't uncomfortable in normal main cabin where I'd see paying extra worthwhile. Food is to be as expected when flying economy, it was acceptable but I've had better presented, tastier food on economy with other airlines. Drink choice was bare minimum acceptable. Not the best economy experience I've had, but acceptable. Cabin crew service was polite and friendly. Nothing really to comment on over and above what's expected. IFE was actually quite good. Lots of choice with current and classic movie choices. Overall. Not a bad experience. Certainly better than I expected."
"Verified Review | Denver to Washington via Charlotte. I arrived into Denver on a United Flight. Spent time in the United Club West, then the Delta Club in Term A, as I prefer the Delta Club in Denver vs. the Admirals Club. Some drinks and light snacks then it was time to board. A321 being used for this 2hr 39 min flight to Charlotte, first class was full and economy was about 2/3rds full. Welcomed onboard by the 2 flight attendants servicing first class. A pre departure beverage followed by what turned out to be a 1 hour delay due to a maint issue in the cargo hold. Updates from the cockpit every 10 minutes, additional beverages offered and everyone was allowed to use their phones and the restrooms during the delay. Off the gate 1 hr late, a 15 minute taxi and we were airborne. A round of drinks with American's signature warm nuts were offered, followed by Lunch, with a very tasty appetiser, for the main I choose pasta, with a fresh side salad. Warm Rolls were offered, followed by an excellent Cheese Cake with caramel topping dessert. Drinks continued until decent. A fairly quick arrival and we arrived at the gate only 16 minutes late. Stayed in the Admirals Club in CLT, Term B for 90 minutes then boarded a B738 to DCA. This time in Main Cabin Extra. Good Legroom with a standard economy class seat. Full flight tonight, 59 minutes in the air, a quick, but full beverage service. I was on the ground and at my DCA hotel before our scheduled arrival time. Overall a nice lunch service on the first segment and a quick and professional crew served the economy section, on the second segment. Nice job American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Auckland, returning from Sydney in Business Class. Boeing 787 to Auckland and Boeing 777 from Sydney. American long hauls across the Pacific are excellent. Got on the plane in LAX for late evening departure and warmly welcomed. Asked for PJ's and changed before we took off and put mattress pad on the seat. Promptly put the seat back after takeoff and enjoyed seven hours of sleep. Good breakfast and thanked crew for a great flight. Similar experience from Sydney on the 777. Crew were also very good through the whole flight. Meals, wines and movie selections were excellent. Would definitely recommend American on these legs."
"Verified Review | The American Airlines staff in the Akron Canton airport were incredibly polite and helpful. My flight with Southwest was delayed which meant I would not catch my connecting flight to Las Vegas. American Airlines was exceptionally courteous, especially about my emotional support dog, who travels with me everywhere. They were happy to greet and pet my dog and she was pleasantly invited into all three flights I had to take home. All other airlines I have flown with were not so pleasant about my dog flying with me. I was met with positivity and an excellent level of customer service from every employee. Thank you so much for easing what would have been a very stressful travel day. I will fly with AA again!"
"Verified Review | Miami to San Jos. Outbound flight on time, but bags were very slow to show on the belt. Return flight left an hour late due to the crew being held up in traffic in SJO. This was a bit surprising as traffic problems in SJO are not exactly difficult to predict, but they did make up lmost of the lost time. Plentty of space and the seat was comfortable, but the food on both sectors was unappetising, particularly breakfast on the return which featured a dried out ham omelette smothered in tomato sauce."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Boston. I hadn't flown on an American carrier for over 20 years. My experiences from back then were not among the best to be honest. I even considered to take the train instead. Therefore I had mixed feelings concerning my connecting flight from JFK to Boston during Easter Holiday. I shouldn't have worried at all. The gate was close to the Admiral's Lounge at Terminal 8 and I was able to spot the aircraft while being seated in the so called \"bureau\"-section. Boarding started well ahead of the actual departure time and there seemed to be a very light load on this short hop to Boston. I only noticed upon boarding that this aircraft had a three-cabin-configuration and is usually used for transcontinental flights. As a frequent flyer I was assigned a seat in the C-class section. I was able to stretch out and use the interactive map. Doors were closed 15 minutes before departure and there were no delays on the tarmac and runway either. The friendly crew even managed to serve all passengers a softdrink and a cookie. Take notice: This was a 42-minutes-flight only. Arrival into Boston was 20 minutes before schedule and bags were out on the belt 10 minutes later. I will not hesitate to use American Airlines again in the future."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Hong Kong. Boarded on time for 0155 departure. Sat in 3J a very private business class seat that has only one window. A large pillow, seat pad and duvet was on the seat. Slippers, a cole haan amenity kit and bottled water was in the side storage area. Pyjamas and predeparture drinks were offered. The dinner service was promptly started after departure. The quality of food was good and the flight attendants were attentive and checked on me throughout asking if I was ok or if I needed anything. Prior to arrival in HKG breakfast was served. Snacks were also available throughout the flight. I was pleasantly surprised with the comfort and service on this flight. My expectations weren't high, but this was every bit as good as my prior business cabin experiences on Qantas, ANA etc"
"Verified Review | DCA-ORD-DOH-CMB-DOH-PHL-DCA Route. This was an AAdvantage OneWorld international roundtrip award, using American Airlines (AA), Qatar Airways (QR) and SriLankan Airlines (UL). All sectors were above average, and reasonably close to being \"on time\". They connected well, and baggage was transferred with no issues. Check-in at DCA, reconfirm at ORD and check-in at CMB were very good, with CMB being the best, as UL has a separate \"Silk Route\" counter and entrance for business class. Meal service was good on all, and the seats comfortable based on flight length, with the A359, A333 and E75 being the best. Flight attendants were good on all sectors, and were outstanding on QR flights. My BA Executive Club Gold/OneWorld Emerald card gained me access to AA Admiral's Club lounges in DCA and PHL. QR used the AF-KLM Lounge in ORD, QR's own Al Mourjan Lounge in DOH, and the UL Serendib Lounge in CMB. My overall rating for the entire trip is 8/10, broken-down as follows: AA = 7/10, QR = 9/10 and UL = 8/10. I would fly all three OneWorld airlines again, and recommend them based on this trip experience."
"Verified Review | Sao Paulo to Los Angeles. Haven't flown AA for many years and had read reviews that made it sound bad. Turned out we had a very nice experience. As an Alaska MVP Gold, we got Main Cabin Extra seats- the increase in pitch from 31\" to 35\" made a huge difference during the 12 hour flight. Seats were reasonably comfortable, plane was clean and entertainment system had decent options. Took off at 10:30p (on time) and shortly after, flight attendants came through with drinks and a dinner service. Wine choice was decent and food was as well. Portions were small but for us just right to sit for 12 hours. FA's came through and picked up quickly and cabin lights dimmed for sleep. Flight attendants were very nice, efficient. Had a nice talk with one of them- this route takes more than 20 years seniority with AA but FA's were engaged and helpful. I asked for a head set for the entertainment system and one of them remembered and found one for me. All in all a good experience. Landed at LAX at the American terminal and had a long hike to the International terminal to go through customs. Baggage showed up promptly and in good condition. American did a nice job- certainly up to any of the other US airlines."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Boston via Charlotte. Our flight on Spirit was cancelled. We were booked onto American Airlines (same airline in which we flew in on). The staff were amazing and even made sure my very tall husband had a seat he fit in (we were not charged for upgrade on the way home), they insured we sat together. We had a medical issue with a passenger. The staff handled it wonderfully and professionally. I was amazed by thier calmness! While it wasn't straight through, our layover in Charlotte was awesome. Excellent service."
"Verified Review | Excellent flight from Miami to New York JFK, everything went off without a hitch, the way it should be. Premium check in was fast and efficient. Flight boarded and left on time. This particular 757 is equipped with lie flat international style seats; they were super comfortable and were easy to use. Pre-flight drink served, dinner pre-ordered of chicken and couscous was ready, it was tasty although the chicken could be a little more tender, warm cookie is already a nice touch. FA was kind and congenial and offered to top up our glasses multiple times. The only disappointment was the flight was only 2 hours and 30 minutes, so I only could enjoy the lie flat bed for about and hour and 15 minutes. American has a great first class product."
"Verified Review | Flew Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Very nice surprise, aircraft very new, good staff and Wi-Fi. Was surprised with the good service, full flight left gate on time. American Airlines made us feel that the flight was about serving the customer."
"Verified Review | Flew from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. The same as the first flight, flight full and left early, the only problem is that on arrival at LAX, the place to park was not ready, so we had to sit on the plane for more than 1 hour and upon arrival to the stand had to go for another ride because it was still not ready. But not American Airlines fault so all ok."
"Verified Review | I was on flight to Charlotte from Munich via London. My plane from Munich was already delayed due to weather, so my 1.5hr layover in London for a USA flight was cut down to 40 minutes (in which I needed to change Terminals, go thru security and get to the other side of the airport). My American Airlines flight which left on February 22 at 1:30 pm was already closing, so I had started to run. I finally arrived, out of breath and about to collapse. The gate lady let me quickly run across the hall to purchase a bottle of water before I dehydrate. Finally on the plane. I sat a good 10 minutes in stillness, trying to catch my breath. I wanted to get comfortable and \"set up\" for a transatlantic flight when I noticed that I had lost my cellphone! I ran up to the stewardess and explained my situation. She calmed me well, but explained that I couldnt leave the plane. Another staff came up and inquired what was wrong. I told them I needed to leave and get my phone, thinking I hopefully left it by the gate or the small store across the hall. He walked out and some minutes later returned with my phone. My vacation was saved and I couldn't thank him enough. Both of those flight attendants had done such an awesome job at calming and fixing the whole ordeal. I flew again with AA on my return trip on March 6th to London and they were my attendants again! It was wonderdul to see them again. I will always recommend American Airlines."
"Verified Review | I had a connecting flight from Miami to London. The boarding had started early and it was underway when I got to the gate. The cabin crew were greeting passengers during boarding. It seemed that the crew were happy to be there and were chatty. flight left the gate 10 minutes early so arrived into London 30 minutes early. The dinner service was quite quick. I had to decline the dessert as I was full from the main course. The breakfast was ok as I had a fruit bowl."
"Verified Review | It was a morning flight from Buenos Aires to Miami. There was only one check-in desk for business and first class but it wasn't marked on the screens at all. The staff were nice. The boarding started only 20 min before departure but the passenges were stuck in the jetway for 10 min before getting aboard. Boarding was more or less chaos. Only one of the cabin crew were greeting passenges and the rest of them were just talking to each others. The breakfast was served after take-off and it was quite small for a business class meal. The second meal was a pizza. Ice cream or cake were served between main courses. The seat was good as it's new generation seat for American Airlines business class on B777-300. Not a bad flight but most of the cabin crew just did the minimum. They kept the safety belt signs on for the last 6 hrs with only a few occasions of turbulence."
"Verified Review | In terms of pricing, American Airlines was very good compared to their competitors. The business class and first class connection between Dallas Fort Worth and Orlando then Orlando to Los Angeles on the return was comfortable. All flights and connections were on time. In fact one departed early to avoid a storm in LAX. The long haul transpacific flight offered a lie flat bed but that had a hump just at the small of your back. If you angle it 170, it disappears. Managed quite a number of hours of sleep. Food service and choice was more than adequate and of course the highlight was the sundae for dessert. However for breakfast they ran out of the egg option and had to settle for fruit and granola on both routes. Service was friendly and efficient. Late night snacks are available on demand and was good. The Bose noise reduction earphones were really effective, but the disposable ear-pieces on the short haul flights were not worth using. I have already booked another flight with AA in April from JFK to Lima Peru. Lets hope they keep it up."
"Verified Review | All perfect, flew American Airlines for work on a Tuesday to San Francisco, then to Los Angeles and then back to NYC. All flights on time. Check in at the airport was very easy all 3 times. Boarding by new group system, very organized. On board the A321 you get a personal IFE, lots of movies, all for free. No food provided, just for purchase. Drinks offered up to 3 times during a 6hr flight. FA very nice. Cabin feels very comfortable for economy. Bags fast on belt after arrival."
"Verified Review | Buenos Aires to Dallas DFW. First flight for me with the new American Airlines business class flat bed. The thing looks great, lots of storage space, great in flight entertainment system and very decent food. Staff was pleasant. It all went a bit downhill when I tried to sleep. The seat is awkward and asymmetrical when flat. It's very hard and really tight in places. In my case, seat 2D, the left armrest goes down while the right is fixed meaning great shoulder space on your left and squuezed in on the right. There is a big pad on the right side of the seatbelt which gets in your way every time you turn over. Also the tray does not stow away which means you bang your knee every time you turn. When lying on your side one side is quite restricted with regards to bending your knee. Altogether these things seriously impact sleep quality and I wonder if they tested them extensively before introducing them."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Dallas Ft Worth. I have only positive comments. My rear facing window lie flat seat offered comfort and privacy. The food and drink offered (dinner and continental breakfast) were quite good. The entertainment available was good and varied. The most pleasant surprise was a pleasant, helpful and efficient cabin crew. Hopefully this airline is headed back towards former glory."
"Unverified | Booked a seat for my mother Columbus to Washington for tomorrow March 4. She could not find her photo ID due to early stages of dementia. Called AA to change her reservation to a week later. Was informed there is a $200 \"reservation change\" charge (Ticket cost only $177). The agent based in of Dallas/Fort Worth was very understanding and extremely helpful when she offered to change the reservation date at no extra charge. In my opinion, she went above and beyond in helping me and I am very grateful. Thank you, American Airlines!"
"Verified Review | Always anxious flying any American airline and lower expectations on every aspect other than safety. Basically, you're on a bus and should expect that level of service. This flight from Seattle to Chicago met expectations although had a redeeming feature in surprise seat back TV's for the 4hr flight to ORD and an exceptionally friendly cabin attendant."
"Verified Review | With the exception of the pitiful food options which we were forced to eat after a disastrous transit through DFW, perhaps the best American Airlines flight I have taken flying from Dallas Fort Worth to Seattle. The plane was rammed as pretty much always but the saving grace was the seat back TV's with quality programming. As a family of 5 we don't have screens each, let alone travel with that many, as much as AA asserts that 90% of passengers do. Also benefitted from a very attentive and friendly FA who went out of her way to get me some milk, as opposed to cream, for my tea. Contrasting experience to 2 years ago on a flight with AA when I was literally scolded for asking that the cream not be put in to the hot water before a tea bag was put in. This was the 4th AA flight and 3 of those included FAs who were very much not part of the normal experience. Food options are seriously challenging for those unable to grab something before the flight. 4 of us opted for the $10 cheese platter which is about the best thing on offer. The other selected an overly loaded virtually inedible turkey and apple croissant sandwich."
"Verified Review | Greenville to Dallas Fort Worth. I just wanted to give a positive review to the lady who checked my bags. I'm not usually a fan of American Airlines, but her kindness and helpfulness was definitely the highlight of my day. She was able to check my bags when there was an error, and she was very friendly. I wish I could run into more friendly and helpful people like her."
"Verified Review | Dallas to New York. The internal leg of a trip from Sydney to New York via Dallas. A typical grade of airline for mid haul domestic internal flights. On time departure and arrival. No IFE, a bag of pretzels and apple juice. You could buy off the menu. Fortunately slept most of the way having come off the Sydney Dallas Qantas flight. American Airlines was at best very average and more akin to a low cost carrier but it gets you there."
"Verified Review | New York to Los Angeles connecting onto Qantas flight to Sydney. When American Airlines get it right then they do get it right bar one thing. The A321 is a superb aircraft. Economy class seating was comfortable, IFE great and the FA's were very friendly. On time. The problem - AA offer you pretzels and as much free water and juice as you want. Otherwise everything is paid for. Now on a JFK-LAX flight around 5 hours that is strange. A small gripe and next time I will bring onboard my own food. Otherwise a great experience overall."
"Verified Review | Flew from New York-JFK to Charlotte with American Airlines. The check-in staff at JFK was friendly and helpful with my overweight baggage. I was even able to check-in my cabin baggage for free at the gate, which made my journey easier and more comfortable. Although the aircraft was spacious, it was slightly old and not in a very good condition. You have a variety of sodas and coffee or tea to choose from for your complimentary drinks which comes with a packet of pretzels. There is no complimentary wi-fi on board, which is disappointing after travelling on airlines like JetBlue. The cabin-crew was well-trained and cordial during the flight. AA staff at JFK was great and managed to get this flight to Charlotte on time."
"Verified Review | Flew from Albany to Charlotte with American Airlines. The cabin was clean and spacious. Considering the flight was full, I hope AA considers using larger and more spacious aircrafts on this route. The complimentary F&B included a scarce variety of sodas or coffee and a packet of pretzels, which was disappointing after travelling in some other airlines like JetBlue. There was no complimentary WiFi on board for this flight. The staff at Albany and Charlotte was friendly and professional, giving a nice start and end to the journey. The person at the gate checked-in my cabin baggage for free, which added to my comfort. The boarding was well-organized as well. In a nutshell, the staff at AA is well-trained and the airline has got its tasks well sorted out, which negates unnecessary hassles I have witnessed at other airlines."
"Verified Review | Given the many negative reviews about American Airlines, I was dreading the journey from New Orleans to JFK via Charlotte, especially because only hours before the departure time, the area had been ravaged by a tornado. In the event, the flight was only 15 minutes late in departing. It was a bumpy flight but the flight attendant came by frequently with a basket of snacks and offers of alcoholic drinks. Connecting in Charlotte required a bit of a walk through crowded concourses and the flight to JFK took off on time and arrived almost 20 minutes before schedule! Again, very friendly service with repeated servings (alas) of the same snacks and drinks. Seats on both flights were comfortable and there was a modern entertainment system on the back of the front seat with a decent selection of shows. I merely followed the travel map tracking the flight. All in all, the flights and the crew belied my apprehensions. It is clear that there is great inconsistency by flights and crew. Could the airline do a better job with training and following their own rules and policies?"
"Verified Review | Moline to Tucson via Chicago. I have flown with American before and not had much of an opinion on them until now. I flew with a service dog prospect to Tucson and the staff in the airports and on the plane were all incredible! I couldn't have asked for better service and respect for myself and the dog!"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from London Heathrow to New York JFK. Boarding process was smooth and received great service. Food was decent and the in-flight entertainment system was up to date. I sat at the front of the cabin so I had a little extra legroom. No complaints on this particular flight."
"Verified Review | Quiet flight with half a full plane from Newark to Chicago with American Airlines. Relaxing journey so not much to criticise. Flight attendants perhaps marginally better than usual but little to do. Relaxed boarding and flight left on time and arrived early. Worse part was the experience at EWR."
"Verified Review | No real complaints flying from Seattle to Chicago and better than a number of other flights with American Airlines. Perhaps I have just become accustomed to indifference on the part of the cabin crew and can now accept it. Power at every seat is a plus and the IFE free offerings were good for the 4hr flight."
"Verified Review | Fairly relaxed boarding procedures and flight from Chicago to Seattle left on time. Fairly full plane. Limited leg room for 4hr journey, seats hard and uncomfortable. Flight attendants did their job but not much more. Liked the fact they enclosed themselves in at the back of a plane by using the FA seat belts to form a barrier."
"Verified Review | Myrtle Beach to Boston via Philadelphia. I was on vacation and found out I needed to head home to Canada ASAP just two days before intended departure (mind you, this was New Year's Eve). I looked all over the web looking for tickets with many different airlines and agencies and found nothing but economy tickets at prices typical of first class. American Airlines also were full of ridiculously overpriced last minute seats, that is except for one route through PHL and BOS which were almost fully booked and therefore was a dirt cheap ticket even compared to normal season tickets. I jumped on the opportunity and booked my tickets via PayPal, which made everything much faster and simpler. Upon getting to the airport I realized I needed to buy a tag for my duffle bag in order to get it checked... not the most enticing thing but it was a fast process through the machine and was taken care of within a matter of seconds. Upon boarding, I was not expecting much, granted, this flight was American Eagle and they are not exactly renowned for premium service. I was pleasantly surprised by the level of comfort the seat had, and the flight attendants were in a good mood as well. Complimentary service on the flights were the same, a bag of pretzels and drinks, but who needs more than that on a flight that's 1.5 hrs long? I might also add that having my connecting gate exactly next to my arriving gate in PHL was a very rare and warm surprise. Gate attendants were friendly and cheerful, and seemed to be level with what they were doing. In summary, American is by no means a high-class airline to me, but I guess I was lucky in having been under the care of some really great people and it was well worth the low cost of the ticket. In the future, American will definitely be on my radar if I need a cheap last minute deal fast!"
"Verified Review | First time I have flown with American Airlines as I usually fly United to the US. Flew from London Heathrow to Chicago ORD. Fare was on offer so I flew American Business class to the US and British Airways First Class back to the UK. Checking in - Heathrow airport I arrived at 05.30, the check in desks did not open until 06.00 for an 08.40 flight. I was aware of the desk opening times so waiting was not a problem. There was a dedicated check in desk for business passengers and when I arrived there was only one other couple in front of me. Check in quick and efficient. No problems encountered. As I was flying business class I was informed that I could use the fast track security lane and make use of the American Airlines lounge. Boarding as with all major airlines boarding was the usual, Family's with children, Passengers that require help / more time followed by business class. On boarding I was direct to my seat and once seated asked if I would like a drink, went for Champagne (very nice too). Flight attendants very attentive, refilling my glass when it became empty. Inflight entertainment, for business class passengers on the 767 you are given a Samsung tablet and Bose headphones. Great choice of films & TV on the tablet only minor niggle is that the tablet is taken back about an hour before landing so a bit annoying if you are halfway through a decent film, also I am not sure how passengers who do not use tablets would of managed. Seat - I found the seat comfortable enough, plenty of leg room. As this was a morning flight I did not feel the need to make use of the lie flat feature so I cannot comment. The seat is controlled via a touch panel and it seems a bit sensitive as while resting my arm on the side the seat started to change position, I did this a couple of times until I placed something over the panel to prevent me from altering my seat layout accidently. I was seated in 4A a window seat. Landing luggage was through fairly quickly again no issues were encountered. I will have no problems considering American Airlines again the next time I fly across the Atlantic."
"Verified Review | My wife and I went to College Station from Richmond on Dec 12, 2016 via American Airlines. We were scheduled to return to Richmond from College Station via American Airlines on January 6, 2017. We purchased our tickets from Orbitz. When we went to the Amercian Airlines ticket counter on January 6 to get our boarding passes for return flight from College Station on Amerian Airline Flight 2803 leaving at 10:35 AM, the American Airline Agent told us that our return tickets were cancelled by Orbitz perhaps by error and hence she would be unable to give us boarding passes. It was a real surprise to us! The plane was about to leave in less than an hour. I frantically called Orbitz and they expressed apology and tried to fix the problem. The first agent at Orbitz could not solve the problem and then passed the call to his supervisors and after being on the phone for more than two hours, Orbitz finally was able to reinstated our tickets in American Airline System. By the time our scheduled flight left the airport and our connecting flight from Dallas to Richmond got sold out. Orbitz suggested that we buy two new one way tickets for later flight and they would reimburse us. There was no guarantee that we will ever get reimbursed based on verbal commitment by Orbitz. So we got quite concerned. We went back to the AA agent and she understood our dilemma, she watched us talking to Orbitz for two hours to resolve the issue. She went back on her own and talked to her supervisor while I was on the phone with Orbitz. She came back to tell us that she would try to switch our reinstated tickets to a later flight from CLL to RIC via DFW. She worked on her computer for a while and finally managed to put us on a later flight. My wife and I were overwhelmed by the extraordinary help extended to us. We had to return back to Richmond on January 6. Without the agents help we would have been stranded and we are extremely grateful to her for her assistance. She is most gracious and courteous and helpful. We thank her most sincerely."
"Verified Review | I didn't have high expectations from American Airlines on this flight from Newark to Phoenix, but I was rather surprised. Boarding was quick, the flight was not so full and I managed to snatch a exit row seat without extra charge, where UA would not allow it. Crew were friendly, attentive, polite and seemed happy to be at their job. The 5 hours flew so fast on this superb flight across the U.S. The next leg to Long Beach was alright, the crew were not as friendly but it was a very short flight."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to London Heathrow. I flew with American Airlines as a code share booked with British Airways. I was concerned because I knew the BA Club World Cabin and knew what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. Airlines business cabin is far superior to BA. There is far more room in the seat for storage and shelf space as well as small pockets to stow a mobile whilst charging. The seat is far more private and the kit bag is much better too. I was on a seat near the galley, which was a little noisy so don't reserve a seat too close to the galley on a night flight. I'd had dinner so went straight to sleep. I wasn't impressed by the breakfast, but all else was far superior to British Airways."
"Verified Review | I was flying MIA to LHR via JFK with American Airlines. This review is for the MIA-JFK route. I was originally booked onto a 757, international configuration with angled lie flat seats. However I took the opportunity to do a same day flight change and get an earlier flight, this would enable me to do a quick bit of shopping. Additionally the change of flight allowed me to sample a reconfigured 767, with the lie flat seats. I arrived at MIA at 6.45am for my 9.26am departure. There was no queue for the Priority check-in and I just needed to pick up my boarding passes as I was hand bag only. The check-in associate was friendly and helpful. I had access to fast track security and I was through in 5 minutes. I used the Admirals Club at Gate 30. It was a pretty pathetic offering, unlike the AA First class lounge at JFK which is excellent. The AC had a very limited free breakfast offering and I had a bagel and coffee. I was provided with a single drinks voucher which I used to get a bottle of water for the flight. Boarding commenced on time at precisely 8.56am - 30 minutes before departure. After people with access needs boarded, First class passengers were invited to board. On boarding a FA offered to hang my coat and I was offered a pre departure drink and I selected coffee. On international legs, a Samsung tablet is provided, but only main screen entertainment was offered on this short 2.5 hour flight. I was provided with in ear headphones. The seat was excellent, fully flat with plenty of space. I was seated in 6D, I would have preferred a window but none where available at checkin. I would have been happy with this seat on an international sector, so felt spoilt for a short domestic flight. The FA who looked after me was great, friendly, attentive and address me by my name. Cereal or a three cheese omelette were on offer. I chose the latter which was definitely the most popular choice. The omelette and the sausage provided were not great, but the side veggies and biscuit were excellent. After eating I promptly fell asleep for the remainder of the flight. Overall besides the poor lounge offering, this was an excellent domestic flight."
"This was an ok flight from Boston to Chicago with American Airlines, it was incredibly smooth, and it was 20 minutes early. Now I know that it was a short flight, but there wasn't much of an option for food. Our flight was at noon, but all they gave us was some pretzels and peanuts. The seat was very small, but cozy. There were seatback televisions with on demand video, not a surmountable amount of options, wifi worked perfectly and I was able to get lots of work done. The flight attendants were sweet and caring. The landing was ok, we spent most of our 45 minute stop in Chicago taxing around the airport. Very nice staff overall."
"Miami - London - Dallas Fort Worth. Both flights on B777 with new layouts in Business class. Excellent service, not overwhelming. Food and drink selection good. Plenty of movies and live TV to chose from. Flights on time. Very good arrivals lounge at LHR terminal 3."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Miami. I have over one million miles on American Airlines, but it doesn't mean anything. Crew was great but you can see why American is rated so low. Food was nothing real. And just an overall feeling that American is in business to just make money and foolishly doesn't know or want to know how to be a great airline again. It is sad."
"Richmond to Chicago with American Airlines. Flight crew were pleasant and were occasionally making the necessary announcements. Flight was on schedule and we also had the privilege of having a commentary when flew over significant locations. It was a nice gesture by the deck crew. Luggage arrived safely and timely too. Overall good impression."
"Verified Review | AA 2234 on 20 November ORD-DFW. Originally scheduled on a later flight to connect to Paris but woke up and checked and aircraft operating the inbound flight to Chicago was already an hour late (at 7am in the morning for a 1pm departure - how is it delayed already?). Called AA and they switched me to 2234 departing at 11.45am. Fun friendly ticket agent checked my bag to CDG, and then off to Flagship lounge where you are always greeted with a smile. Good food and drink. Flight boarded on-time and flight attendants were excellent. Smiles, chatty, helpful - really nice. Salad with chicken breast was ok - nothing special but it's airline food. Landed 15 minutes early and pilot thanked everyone as they got off the plane. Great flight!"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from SJC-PHX-MIA-MVD, returning MVD-MIA-LAX-SJC, in November 2016. The PHXMIA flight departed one hour late, all other flights were on time. Check-in desk staff, gate agents, and cabin crew were consistently courteous and attentive. Complimentary food on MIA-MVD-MIA sector was acceptable, and the turkey sandwich I purchased on the MIA-LAX flight was very good. Planes were clean and appeared well kept. It got very cold during some flights. Legroom was tight and seats were minimally comfortable, which I expected for the price I paid for the trip. The Boeing 767-300 they use for the MIA-MVD-MIA sector, only has overhead TV screens where they show just one movie on a 9-hour flight, and their overhead compartments are so shallow that a standard carry-on bag only fits in sideways (instead of wheels-first)."
"Washington Reagan to Dallas/Fort Worth. The A321 aircraft appeared to be new. Our seats in first class were comfortable with acceptable legroom. The first class cabin was very clean and inviting. Very nice service by the staff and the lunch (a cooked Italian pasta dish and salad ) was not bad. The red wine was OK as well. But where this flight really shined concerned the very impressive inflight entertainment (IFE) system featuring a huge number of video and audio selections as well as an upgraded map display with a number of different views of our flight in progress available. This was the best domestic IFE I have ever experienced."
"Return trip to Miami from LAX on one of American Airlines newest A321 planes (very reasonable fare too). Left on a Tuesday afternoon so flight load was minimal. Had a whole row of seats to myself and sat near an exit row, so had good amount of space. Purchased some snacks on board. Flight departed slightly late and arrived with a slight delay, but a great onboard experience. Friendly flight attendants as well (was given a free set of headphones) and excellent IFE (good choice of movies). Much better than the Boeing 737 that American flies to SFO from MIA. Would take this plane on this route in the future."
"Verified Review | I've had my share of bad experiences with American Airlines including permanently lost luggage, misconnects, delays and rude customer service on the ground and in the air. Ive tended to avoid them except for domestic US travel so approached this HKG-LAX flight with trepidation. The key attraction was a business class fare significantly lower than any other direct service on the route (and even cheaper than one-stops via Seoul or Taipei). Perhaps I was very impressed because my expectations were set so low. This was a very good flight. Same J class seat as CX, except AA provided a mattress and pyjamas. They served plated food of decent quality and quantity, had a decent wine list and a provided a wide selection of programming on the IFE so delivered on everything you should expect from a world class premium airline. Ultimately what made this flight very good was the crew. They appeared to be enjoying their jobs  lots of smiles and proactive interaction with the passengers. I could not fault any aspect of the service. Im now willing to consider American Airlines for long haul business class travel if this is the level of service they can deliver consistently. Well done American."
"Flight in First from LaGuardia to Miami with American Airlines. Flight was 2 hours late, all flights that evening were delayed due to wind. We were notified via the AA app 4 hours in advance, and kept updated via the app and the gate agent. Boarding was quick, pre flight drink served. Two good natured flight attendants worked the cabin, smiling and pleasant despite grumpy passengers. Warm nuts, drinks, a full meal, and a warm cookie to top it off. Honestly I don't get all the negative comments that American gets, I think they provide an above average service and a usually the cheapest ticket on the route. My trip on them was excellent."
"Verified Review | DCA to LAX, as a domestic connection to a Cathay Pacific international flight. Check-in was prompt, and I accessed the Admiral's Club Lounge due to my One World Emerald Tier membership with British Airways. Staff at DCA were efficient, and some quite friendly. Boarding and in-flight service was very good. Meal and beverage service was adequate for domestic First Class these days, and the aircraft was a newer Boeing 737-800 with leather seats and the sky interior lighting. Good safety demonstration video, and a smooth, on-time flight with good information from the crew. My bags needed to be re-checked at Cathay Pacific due to their flight being the following day, but LAX staff took a while to send them to the carousel. The only things I missed in-flight were a foot/leg rest in the seat, and the lack of a GIS flight map on the TV monitors. Overall, I was very satisfied with this flight. My return flight was via ORD to DCA 12 days later, and was comparable, despite the aircraft being an older Boeing 737-800 with the fabric interior."
"Verified Review | Manchester to Philadelphia with American Airlines. Was a little worried about flying AA having read these reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. Plane a little dated. Departed a little late but made up the time enroute. Crew very helpful, inflight entertainment good and food and wine very good. Arrival process smooth and quick which is always a bonus when arriving in the US but I still don't know why immigration officials are so rude. Overall, a good flight."
"Verified Review | Miami to Los Angeles with American Airlines. I did not really fly their \"Premium Economy\" but I count the \"Main Cabin Extra\" to be that because it is still economy class seats with few premium perks. I got bumped to MCE for free at the gate upon request, and it was super comfortable, best part it was the emergency exit row, I was able to sleep well and it is seldom that I sleep on flights. The cabin crew were friendly and chatty, had two rounds of snacks service, flight arrived before time. Will definitely fly them again in future."
"Philadelphia to Boston with American Airlines. I often see folks complaining about airline. The days of being pampered went out with the Pam Am Clippers, unless you are paying $$$$$ for the plane with the shower and bar. The objective is to get you there safely. Yes, I have sat next to the 400lb man who was half in my seat or next to the woman who took her shoes off and planted her smelly feet on the bulkhead. American Airlines is my carrier of choice. I fly 100,000+ miles a year with them. Are they perfect, no. But in my experience, you get out of it, what you put into it. Instead of looking for a problem or gripe, try making the best out of it. You have over 100 unique personalities crammed into an aluminum tube at 35,000 ft. Meet the flight crews half way and you will find 99% of the time you will be just fine."
"My wife and I were flying from New Jersey to Key West Florida via Miami. Our plane was delayed and American notified us the night before. Because the delay would make us miss our connection, American put us automatically on another flight. We then decided to drive from Miami to Key West because the new plane was going to be much later in the day. American than refunded us for that part of the trip without a problem. Customer service was great (no begging to get refund or rework flight). Overall, even though the plane was delayed by many hours, American made every effort to make sure we were going to get to our destination. Very impressed."
"New York JFK to San Francisco with American Airlines. A truly excellent flight. AA transcon in premium cabins is very good. The first class seat is top grade lie flat with credenza (actually the same seat as is used in C class on Cathay, AF (some planes) and AA (some planes) on international routes. Service was very good. Food was excellent. A superb smoked salmon starter, arugula salad, and a lobster roll main course. Sundae dessert. Each course was first rate and well presented and served. Movie selection excellent. Screen was very large with high resolution. I don't know of any other domestic US service this good."
"Verified Review | Great flight with American Airlines to Dallas on the new 787-9 aircraft. It was the certification flight and second leg back to Dallas. Sat in the new premium economy seat and can say that they have picked a very good seat. Very comfortable and good amount of space. Premium economy service doesn't start until November so just had economy food and wine. But crew were good and plane was excellent. American are going to fit the new seats into the A330 aircraft first and then new B777 and refit aircraft. B787-8 will be the last to get them."
"Verified Review | Flight from Los Angeles LAX to Sao Paulo (GRU ) on business. Departure on time. Very good equipment, Boeing 787-900. There s no first class. Business is on row 1. Very comfortable seats, 180 reclining. Very good inflight entertainment, including new films and wifi (paid USD 20,00 ). Meals were OK, Nothing special. Arrived on time at LAX. Would fly again with AA, but ONLY in this aircraft and only in business"
"Verified Review | Flying AA2315 from Miami to New Orleans. Boarding was around two hours late because there were apparently some problems with the aircraft that needed fixing. But the ground staff was very kind and the passengers were even offered some complimentary snacks and drinks as a compensation. A very nice gesture by American Airlines. The flight itself was a pretty standard US domestic flight. Passengers were offered some drinks and crackers. Cabin crew was very friendly and service was fast. The seats were not was spacious as I hoped for, I (1.80 metres) did not feel very comfortable, but as this was a short flight, it was no big problem for me. There was Wi-Fi provided for the whole flight, but it was rather expensive. You could visit the American Airlines website for free however. Overall a fairly standard US domestic flight with some very friendly ground staff and cabin crew."
"Verified Review | San Antonio to San Diego via Phoenix. Both flights were to schedule and boarding very smooth. Wi-Fi was provided but somewhat expensive. Cabin crew was very friendly and service was fast. Passengers were served drinks and crackers. The planes were very clean. The CRJ900 had some very comfortable and spacious seats with plenty of leg room. I was pleasantly surprised. The A321 had the normal leg room you would expect on a short-haul flight. Overall a very pleasant journey, very friendly staff and everything was on time. I cannot think about something bad about those flights."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas via Phoenix with American Airlines. Economy, ORD-PHX) and First, PHX-LAS (upgrade due to Platinum status). Both flights were former US services. Planes have been redesigned with AA colors, but had the original US seat plan (no main cabin extra) and staff was wearing US uniforms. Self service kiosks and bag drop fast, hassle free and agents were reasonably friendly. Also, TSA quite fast and efficient, which was a surprise for ORD. Boarding at both ORD and PHX orderly and efficient. Service on board both flights professional and friendly, with the FAs regularly present in the cabin. Uniforms of the FAs were on the relaxed side on both legs. Plane (A321) on the ORD-PHX leg modern and packed, but seats were comfortable for Economy and leg room excellent due to exit row seat. One beverage service and one water run on this 3+ hour flight. As per usual alcohol and snacks for sale, but items on sale did not look appealing and rather overpriced. No IFE available, but not an issue for this flight duration. Communication from flight deck was kept to the absolute minimum and was not particularly friendly. Early arrival into PHX. Nothing extraordinary or great, but happy to say this was an overall pleasant experience for Economy. Short PHX-LAS hop in First with beverage service only, due to the short duration of the flight and adequate. Initial announcement from the captain was made from the front of cabin, which was a nice gesture. This A320 was clearly an older plane, but seemed well maintained and clean. On time arrival in LAS. Waiting time for bags reasonable and priority bags were out first. Overall, flights were pleasant without being anything special, but definitely one of the better experiences I had on domestic flights in the U.S. recently. Recommended, based on this experience."
"I am a weekly business traveler who switched over to flying American in 2014 and haven't switched back. American has truly redesigned its product, services and staff to be top notch. The US airways folks that are transitioning still need work but the American staff, crew, planes are the best out there. The staff and service have changed the game in domestic US Travel and their international product on the 777-300 leaves British Airways (also oneworld) in the dust. If you are flying to London and are a BA frequent like myself choose AA operated flight you will see the difference. American is now my only choice in travel. Try the LAX-JFK or SFO to JFK or LAX-LHR product and I guarantee you will never fly another airline."
"Verified Review | American Airlines flight 73 from Los Angeles to Sydney. I was pleasantly surprised with the level of service provided on this flight. They step their game up a notch on his international route to be more in line with Qantas. I would say they are at least on par with Qantas if not a little better in economy. The food was good. I had steak with red wine sauce, mashed potatoes and broccoli for dinner. Snack was a pizza pocket type thing. And breakfast was eggs, tomato, bacon and mushroom. The IFE operating system works smoothly and is more responsive. However I would say Qantas has a better selection. Americans \"new release\" section is not that extensive. Overall I was happy."
"Buenos Aires to London Heathrow via New York JFK with American Airlines. Ground staff excellent at all airports. Very good seating, comfortable, good entertainment. Cabin staff seemed to be doing the passenger a favour serving meals etc. Welcome sparkling wine in plastic cups, no drinks refill offered and no coffee, tea etc after meals. Polite but not going overboard with the service. If you have to connect at JFK allow at least 3 hours to be able to endure the unacceptably long immigration lines and change terminals."
"London Heathrow to Southwest Florida via Charlotte. This was a codeshare flight with BA and although a little disappointed flying with AA, it wasn't that bad at all. Clean and tidy A333 leather seats and more space than the BA equivalent. Took off on time. Individual IFE screens that were a bit temperamental and the selection of films/TV or music was fine. Crew at the back were pleasant and efficient. Food one veggie and one meat selection and free beer or wine, then an ice cream half way across. Toilets clean, the only downside was this awful snack at the end - why waste the money give us a Mars bar or something rather some fancy coconut bacon slice. So I couldn't fault the cross Atlantic leg. CLT to RSW nice clean A321, again flight crew were efficient whipped through the plane with snacks and soft drinks ( unless you wanted to pay). During the flight had a nose bleed and the crew were great, ice tissues and care immediately. Summary all on time, good crew, clean planes, almost a completely edible inflight food. what more could you want"
"Verified Review | Another uneventful on time departure and early arrival on American Airlines. Flight was full to DFW and seat 7A was a good choice being a bulk head in main cabin extra for the 3 hour trip. 1 beverage service and 1 pack of pretzels served. Boarded with group 2 so there was plenty of overhead space which is needed/required for the bulk head seats. Entertainment was on BYOD (download the app in advance as it was slow on board). Its the gogo entertainment app not the AA app that unfortunately I downloaded in error. Cabin crew were very friendly and chatty too."
"Verified Review | Dallas/Fort Worth to Hong Kong. This aircraft used was a Boeing 777-300ER with the newly-designed economy class product. The in-flight entertainment system was a great work compared with the last journey from Narita to Los Angeles (AA170). The choices of programmes were rich and updated that I'd watched a total of three movies. The system was also user-friendly since almost all the programmes contained subtitles of various languages. The meal service was satisfactory. A snack service was provided between the two main meals. Flight attendants were also competent that their serving speeds were acceptable and they were willing to serve passengers with drinks before every meal as well as collect trash regularly."
"Verified Review | I flew from Fresno to Los Angeles on Saturday 10th September. The flight was due to leave at 6:40 but due to LAX being busy we were delayed a long time which meant I would miss my connecting flight from to London - the captain was amazing, he helped me so much he contacted LAX and told them the situation and when we landed at LAX he took me and 3 others to our gate and made sure they waited for us. I was so worried I would miss the flight and he did everything he could to make sure we would make it on time."
"Verified Review | Flew Tokyo/Narita to Los Angeles with American Airlines. My seat was at the very rear part of the aircraft. It was so noisy during the takeoff, but fortunately, it was not disturbing for most of the flight. Due to easy access to the restrooms, I could use them conveniently. The meal service was also not bad. I was served the first meal (dinner) just one to two hours after takeoff. Between the two main meals (dinner and breakfast), passengers could take snacks and beverages freely in the galley. The food supply was sufficient that I didn't have to starve. The in-flight entertainment system has great room for improvement. The TV was so small and the resolution was terribly low. The options of programmes and movies were far not enough in a 10-hour long-haul flight."
"After a very disappointing, poor service from Air NZ last year we flew with American Airlines this year for our trip to the USA (Auckland to Los Angeles). Amazingly American turned a negative to a positive. When we arrived at Auckland we had an 18 hour wait due to a medical emergency that the pilot had when coming to Auckland thus had to wait for another pilot to come to NZ to take us to LAX. American staff at AKL were very helpful and provided food, a nice hotel room and shuttle to and from the airport for the night. Next morning we were on our way and a fantastic crew on board. Also found the return flight home also very good. Food service very good. One item though. I was sitting at the back of the plane and the crew were in the back galley talking loudly most of the night. They have to learn on a red eye keep it down. Otherwise great flight and will use American again."
"My daughter took this flight from LAX to OIA. She has traveled the world and has had no problems with her bags ever. This time, she forgot and left her work computer under her seat. Granted this was a 5 hr flight and they had to wait on the plane for over 20 minutes before they were allowed to get off, but in any case it was her fault and she forgot her computer. Frantic as I was to locate it, I called OIA and LAX. I must say each and everyone I called were friendly and sympathetic to my problem. When my daughter and I arrived home and realized she had left it on the plane, she went back to OIA and American Airlines Baggage claim advised they did not have it, but to check back the next day. Her plane had already taken back off for somewhere else. My daughter was due in Asheville, NC, so she left from OIA and drove to Asheville. She tried calling on her way up and I spent hours on the phone trying to figure out where that plane had gone. There was a gentleman at LAX by the name of KEN that was very helpful and I thanked him. The next day about 9:30a.m., my daughter texted me that they had found the computer in OIA American Airlines Baggage claim. I drove back to Orlando and gave them the description and retrieved the computer. They were very nice and helpful. I just wanted to thank American Airlines because that computer housed all my daughter work photos, etc. I don't think she will forget it, nor will I, we thought for sure it was a goner."
"Philadelphia to Sacramento via Phoenix with American Airlines. It was a one way flight. I was a little nervous going into the flight because I had heard that American Airlines was terrible. Check in was a little strange, as the member at the desk made us put up our bags on the belt ourselves. Boarding was delayed for 10 minutes because it was a full flight. Boarding was quick after that. The plane was in the new livery. There were no televisions, so I slept for most of it. As for the seats, I did not recline because there was a person behind me. Something that I was a little surprised is that after serving drinks and snacks, the flight attendants stayed in the back, and did not come out until it was time to serve another drink. Surely you should occasionally walk down the aisle and offer help and check everything? Our time in Phoenix was quick, just enough to use the restroom, and connect gates (we had to change terminals) This plane had the old livery. The ceiling had blue lights, and there were televisions hanging down from the ceiling every 3 seats. Baggage claim in Sacramento was quick. Based on my experience, I would recommend this airline, but be sure to bring your own entertainment."
"Verified Review | I flew from Charlotte to Boston with American Airlines on the late night flight. The boarding was slow. The interior of the aircraft was very clean. The seats were very comfortable. The lavatory was tidy. The airplane equipment was clean and comfortable but customer service was bad. The flight attendants were rude. There was a menu for the meal, I asked them for food, they rudely replied my we do not provide you food on this flight. Then I wondered, why the menu was there if they do not serve the food? But anyway, this A321 plane is super comfortable and I would recommend flying American Airlines."
"Despite the many negative reviews I have read about American Airlines, I found this Philadelphia to Athens return trip to offer a significantly better product than British Airways, which I flew exclusively for many years on transatlantic flights. With AA, my partner and I were able to choose regular economy seats for free in advance, and the A330 with its 2x4x2 configuration is preferable to the dense 3x3x3 configuration BA offers out of PHL (no stranger sitting next to us). Also, the seat pitch is better then BA's new claustrophobic arrangement, and the seats themselves were much more comfortable. In addition, the A330 offered individual air vents, which BA do not on their aircraft out of PHL, allowing me to better control the temperature. The food on AA was better than BA as well, and complimentary wine was offered with meals, with refills freely provided. The AVOD system worked well and a USB power port was provided at each seat. Flight attendants on both flights were very courteous, and the ATH-PHL segment featured a warm meal, followed later by ice cream, followed by a snack, and then followed with a warm sandwich and a muffin prior to landing - very impressed. After this experience I will be choosing AA for all my future transatlantic travel out of PHL."
"Verified Review | Having heard a lot of unsettling stories about American Airlines, I was very anxious flying with them having booked the ticket through my agency. So leaving San Francisco we were informed about a delay due to a storm in Dallas Fort Worth that made more uncomfortable, but DFW cleared us for take off. What a pleasant flight, the captain was full of courtesy informing us of flying time and we made it. On the flight from DFW to JFK we couldn't check in online, and we were late and almost missed our flight. It reflected full but we had empty seats on take off. Worth noting though is the nice lady who allowed us to board and checked in our four bags, when the other lady was wasting our time and refusing to even check us in. Inflight the crew were excellent, however the plane looked out of shape and the toilet had a nasty smell. Thanks for changing my mind American Airlines."
"Flight AA56 from Miami to London Heathrow with American Airlines. I flew in Main Cabin Extra on a Boeing 777-300ER. The groud service in Miami checked our bags even though you were supposed to do it on your own at a digital kiosk. When I boarded I didn't find a toothbrush set on my seat which is very disappointing on an overnight flight. The legroom was amazing, and that's what you expect when flying Main Cabin Extra. The seats were a bit wider than in normal Economy but didn't recline enough. They weren't as comfortable as the soft and comfy BA B747 ones and I wasn't able to sleep at all. The IFE was good with a huge range of music, many TV shows, and a adequate music on- demand radio choice. The power outlets were universal and it charged fast unlike the USB plug of the IFE. The service was good and kind, provided 3 drinks but you can ask them anytime to give you another one. The meal (I chose pasta) was pretty good, and came with a salad with dressing, a bun, crackers, cheddar, butter and a brownie. The breakfast was a fat free strawberry yougurt, a little bag of cereal for the yogurt, a cranberry snack and a flat over-processed muffin. The landing in London was the most comfortable landing i've ever had and I enjoyed the flight but it's very unfortunate I wasn't able to sleep."
"Verified Review | Am swimming against the current of opinion here but yesterday's Miami to Los Angeles flight wasn't bad at all. Wasn't stellar but it was fine. From checking in via the app to bag drop, all ok. Counter and gate staff pleasant, and welcomed aboard by smiling chatty crew. Newish Boeing 773 inbound from London so had comprehensive IFE. Seat pitch not great but adequate. A couple of drink runs during the 5 hrs. The usual buy onboard industrial food. Crew present in cabin throughout flight. Only weird aspect was after landing, had to wait to be towed to gate 43 at terminal 4 - due to large aircraft docking at terminal designed years ago for much smaller aircraft. Based on experience, happy to fly AA again."
"London Heathrow to Fresno via Dallas with American Airlines. The layover in Dallas was supposed to be about 5 hours, which is already quite long. However we ended up being there for 9 hours. The airline needed a pilot and 2 staff to fly in from Tulsa. The continuous delays on already overstressed passengers were ridiculous. We were not offered vouchers or anything else for food as we waited for 4 hours as the airline tried to pull themselves together to get the pilot and staff there. This is completely unacceptable. At the very least, some sort of voucher should have been given to cover our food and drink. I am really disappointed in American Airlines, where basic courtesy was not provided."
"All for business. 4 days 4 flights from New York to Chicago via San Francisco. Checked in online. Their web and App work perfectly. All fligths on time, boarding by groups. All planes with individual IFE, lots of movies. Seat pitch ok. FA's great in general. Really noticed all the changes, new aircrafts, great improvement. No meals on board, but free soft drinks on every flight. Always arrived ahead of time. Good job American Airlines."
"Our flight was delayed from Los Angeles to New York where we had a connecting flight to Birmingham. The staff on the plane were aware of this and were fantastic and arranged for us to go to the front of the plane once we had landed in New York so that we could get off it first and the staff had also advised all the other passengers via an announcement to let us go to the front. We made the next flight with minutes to spare and although our luggage never made it with us it was delivered to our house the next day and we therefore had a very efficient experience with American Airlines."
"Flew New York to Edinburgh. I had a very enjoyable flight despite flying on an old aircraft with an old entertainment system. The legroom was good and the cabin crew were very pleasant too. We even arrived 40 minutes early. I will definitely fly direct from Edinburgh on American Airlines next time."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Dusseldorf on an American Airlines Boeing 767-300. This flight is always prone to delays - so I tracked it for a week and it has been on-time, 30 min delays, 2 hours delays and diversions en-route. So I was worried about it as I had a separate ticket from DUS to Sofia later the next day. Luckily all worked out. Boarded and welcomed on-board with a smile and directed to my seat 8J. Welcome water/juice/champaign offered along with amenity kits, blanket, pillow already at the seat. Business cabin about 2/3 full - excellent flight attendant served my aisle and she was accommodating, full of smiles and happy to chat. Departed 5 minutes early and 7 hours 35 min to Dusseldorf. Excellent halibut dinner and nice breakfast served. The one thing American can never get right is inflight entertainment. The Samsung tablets are nice but always have issues with the plugs and keeping them charged. And the movie and TV selection is prehistoric - one episode of a show? Emirates has entire seasons! Come on AA - get with the 21st century! And even worse in coach with no PTV's! Landed 15 minutes ahead of schedule and off the plane and thru immigration in minutes. Overall a great flight and outside of ground issues, inflight AA does a good job."
"Verified Review | This New York to Manchester flight was taken on 25 February. The check-in counters at JFK Terminal 8 can be confusing for the uninitiated. Checkin was done at one station, while weighing of checked in luggages and the drop off for the luggages were at some other stations. While the queues at each station was short, it nevertheless required some effort, patience and time to figure out which was the station to get to first, and then negotiate the crowds to get to the next stations. There were a fair amount of confused travelers wondering where they were supposed to get to. I would rather stand in line for the usual check-in counters which handle everything from check-in to luggage drop-offs. The cabin crew were busy getting everyone settled at the start of the flight. They were friendly and there was lots of interaction with the passengers. I had pre-selected a seat at the back of the aircraft but was asked by the crew if I was willing to take an exit row seat somewhere in the middle of the aircraft. The food serving was quite generous."
"Verified Review | Sao Paulo to New York JFK with American. I love the American 777-300. I have never flown in real Economy (I have been in Main Cabin Extra may times). I have to say Economy looks very grim, very tight but the business class product is really very good indeed. Menu is repetitive if you fly a lot but the food on this flight was very tasty and the service good. Inflight entertainment is as good as it gets and the WiFi on board can be invaluable. Staff are good. I love the first two rows of business class row 3 and row 4. Always grab them if you can."
"West Coast to Hawaii in Economy on Americans new A321. A very pleasant flight, nice looking and clean aircraft, comfortable seats, great IFE and friendly \"Aloha spirit\" crew wearing leis (Hawaiin flower necklaces). They seemed to enjoy working this route. American should consider offering snack packs on flights to Hawaii as these flights come in around 5.5 to 6 hrs. Overall a very pleasant experience."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda return. I had the chance to fly American's international product on the new Boeing 787. I especially liked the shade less windows that lighten or darken as desired. Seat pitch for Main Cabin Extra was 34\" with comfortable seats. Food was decent with good beverage service, and snacks available through the flight at the self service galley area. Two totally different crew teams though, on the trip to HND the crew was outstanding, it looked like they were making an effort to break the stereotype that prevails about American carrier labor, not the same on the return when I experienced the stiffness attitude and \"can't do that\" persona. I was left with a very positive opinion about the Boeing 787 and the Main Cabin Extra leg space. One last observation, there was some confusion upon boarding at HND for the return trip to LAX."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Miami to Chicago ORD. Flown this route many times on the Monday morning timeslot. Generally excellent service, better than other American Airlines flights (for different city pairs) on average. Plenty of leg room in first (better than Delta but not as spiffy looking), pre-ordered omelette was good enough, and service was frequent without being over done. And of course, one person had to leave their window shade open during what is typically a sleeping flight for us all. There's not really anything I'd suggest to improve this particular flight experience,"
"Verified Review | Toronto to Phoenix via Chicago (outbound) and Charlotte (inbound). A bit of a mixed bag to be honest. For $430 CAD extra, I was able to upgrade from Economy to Business for the shorter legs and First Class to/from Phoenix. Unfortunately, a month before departure the Toronto to Chicago leg was changed to a smaller aircraft with no business class. No apology or compensation and not even a free alcoholic drink on the plane. Easy check-in, slow security (as always - Pearson being possibly the worst airport for security lines in N America) and an ok lounge with one free drink. Late boarding and departing on a small canadian regional jet with possibly the most disinterested crew member ever. He was just not interested, barely raised a smile, clearly bored and did the minimum required. On time arrival into O'Hare and on time boarding and departure on an A321 to Phoenix. Seat was ok, IFE on my ipad was average but no free wifi (hardly first class service). Slow service on boarding with a long wait for a drink. After departure, hot towel, menu, drink and meal service with wine. Poor quality dinner of steak (overcooked) and gloopy polenta) There was no bread available due to it not being loaded (on a sunday). Surely operating an airline is a 7 day a week business. The saving grace was the Purser who served the cabin well but by herself (and therefore slow). A second drink was offered and service was generally good. The A321 return trip to Charlotte was similar, an ok lounge at Phoenix with some good snacks and a free drink, on time departure, but again slow service on boarding. The meal bizarrely was a salad to start following by a prawn salad with plenty of booze. Again, the purser provided singular but excellent service to the cabin and was omni present and friendly. Charlotte to Toronto was with Eagle on an E175 which on time. Surly crew who offered snacks and one drink. (A second was given on request). Interestingly for me, other experiences with another major US carrier had excellent crew on the farmed out flights to sub contractors, and awful mainline service. With American it was the reverse - much better service with the mainline crew on the A321 and poor and miserable service on the feeder carriers. Was it worth the $430 return for the upgrade (at the time of booking) - just about. American were underwhelming - nothing particualy bad, but definately not first class service."
"Verified Review | Short haul flight from Boston to Washington D.C.-Reagan on an A319. This was my first time flying any American airline and I had no expectations whatsoever. However, this flight was one of the best short-haul flights I've ever been on. Push back in Boston was on-time. Service was on par with a lot of other airlines, or even better. Seat width was more than the rumoured sardine can and seat pitch was generous for a narrow body plane. Slimline seats didn't bother me much; it was pretty comfortable. Pretzel and beverages were served, which is awesome as some other airlines charge these. Cabin crew generous and enthusiastic as they made sure everyone got the beverages they wanted and offered a second one when asked. Flight circled over Atlantic City for 40 minutes as a result of severe weather hitting Reagan Airport. 2 rounds of trash-collecting service offered during the circling. There were connexting passengers onboard and flight attendants offered to check flight status for them. Landed an hour late and got held on the ground for another 30 minutes because of gate issues. Delays weren't really of airline's fault. Overall, a pleasant journey. As I haven't tried the long haul service yet, I don't really have much to say. However, I will definitely use American again for short haul flights."
"I was pleasantly surprised to find myself in a 777-200 plane on this two hour domestic route from New York JFK to Chicago. The flight was fine in every respect - departures and arrivals on time, a hot breakfast served - had two options to choose from, a hot towel to refresh was provided at take-off, and a blanket was available. Cabin attendants were very attentive. The business class seats are angled and lie down fully flat through I did not take advantage of this feature on such a short flight - the touch controls were easy to use. The selection of movies and TV fare was good enough - \"disposable\" headsets were provided on request. My seat faced the plane's rear and with the seats being angled the passenger across the aisle (whose seat faced the front of the plane) was directly in my sight line. This was a bit intrusive and disconcerting as each of us could see what we were doing throughout the flight. This was my first experience with this sort of seating arrangement and I felt a distinct loss of privacy."
"Chicago to San Diego with American Airlines (AA2204) in First Class. Friendly bag-check at the counter - typical overload at TSA precheck. Boarding was on-time and a friendly welcome by the gate agent. Smiles from the flight attendants when getting on the plane - and I watched and they were that way with all the passengers. On-time take off and 3:40 min flying time. Served drinks and nuts, a nice lunch with chicken-breast and salad, dessert and veggies. Pretty tasty. The inflight entertainment was overhead screens with some generic movie and NBC shows - not the best but most people were using wifi or their own devices. Pilots were very communicative and kept us abreast of the journey. Hard landing in San Diego but arrived 15 minutes early and bags out in average time. Good job AA - it's the smiles and friendly service that made this trip memorable."
"Verified Review | The American Airlines flight from Boston to Charlotte was pleasant with the seating very nice - large blue leather seats - adequate leg room but not overly generous - and even though the flight left at 6.05am no food except a snack of cakes provided, which on a flight of about an hour and a half seems a little on the skimpy side. Since the flight left from the old US Airways terminal in Boston the Admirals lounge was an old US Airways lounge, pleasant, but not overly comfortable. On board staff very pleasant and attentive. A brief stay at the Admirals Club (again, old US Airways) lounge in Charlotte with only oatmeal and breads provided. The flight to St Louis was on a new A319. I will admit that after reading other reviews of that plane I was a bit dubious but in fact found the small (8 seat) first class cabin quite comfortable. Again, no catering except cookies and treats, the the wonderful flight attendant was very attentive and liberal with the drinks. In all, a very pleasant experience with all flight departing and arriving on time."
"I flew from Washington - Hartford with American Airlines, one way on a very nice ex-US Air A319. This was right after the AA-US merger, so I expected worse-than-normal service. However, the flight and experience went surprisingly well. Ticket was only 89 dollars, cheap compared to JetBlue, the only other airline providing Bradley service. There was no delay, and the service was quick at the airport. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the A319 was wearing the Pacific Southern \"smile\" heritage livery. While on the plane, I was surprised to find that the interior was not yet retrofitted, meaning the seats were not as comfortable as advertised, as well as temporarily nonfunctional power plugs. I had a decent amount of legroom, even being 6'2\", and although the journey was barely over one and a half hours, free soft drinks and pretzels. Getting off the plane was quick and easy, with nice cabin crew. AA had great service; I will definitely fly again on this route again when the merger and retrofitting will have been completed."
"Verified Review | Both American Airlines flights from St Louis to Boston via Chicago were a few minutes late departing but were early arriving. The attendants were wonderful and very attentive. I don't really care much for the seating on the new B737 - they are too low to support my back properly. One this I don't understand is why passengers will be loaded before maintenance is performed and that we have to wait. The food served on the ORD/BOS segment of the trip was very good. Overall a good, pleasant trip."
"Heathrow to New York JFK with American Airlines. For the price, AA is the best I've experienced so far in Economy. Definitely the best value for the money. Seats are nothing to cheer for, but they are definitely okay. I could sit in the middle seat without much discomfort. It's not like I could stretch out my legs or anything but it's called Economy for a reason. Food was good. Choices were a vegetarian pasta dish, or chicken with rice. I had the chicken. and it was good as far as airline food goes. The bread, cheese, salad and brownie that went along with it were also good. A nicely varied meal. Drinks, including beer and wine were complimentary. Unfortunately all they had for beer was Budweiser but what else can you expect from AA? This was a good crew. No fake smiles - they were just regular people treating me like a regular person. Efficient, and I felt completely safe with them. Entertainment was great. Screens were big enough, and the picture quality was good. Good selection of movies, from new blockbusters to old classics. The complimentary earbuds were actually good, considering they were free. The flight did have WiFi on board, but I couldn't get it to connect. Don't know if it was because of the connection or my device. I would fly with AA again, and I am fairly certain that I will soon. I am giving this review a 10, based on my own experience. Out of all long haul flights I have made personally, I enjoyed AA the most."
"Philadelphia to Athens on American Airlines A330-300. We had almost an hour's delay at Philadelphia because the video screens were not functioning. Finally we took off and all went well until halfway when the video screens went black - and they announced they are trying to solve the problem. This they did after more than two hours without any videos or announcements. Surprisingly the food was very good and so was inflight service, although no reading material of any kind was available. There was practically no inflight announcement on this 10 hour flight until we approached Athens with an hour's delay."
"Verified Review | My wife and 8 month old daughter had a flight from Chicago to Atlanta on 7th May. I was little worried as to how my wife would manage everything during flight. The flight staff made the experience smooth. The staff were helpful and courteous, they even assigned a seat for my daughter so this meant my wife could sit comfortably. The staff took care of her luggage, took the bags at the gates and put them in the overhead bins near her seat. When my wife needed some toys for my daughter, they took the bag out and helped her take out what she needed and put the bags back. Because of the support from staff the journey was very comfortable and enjoyable."
"New York JFK to Milan with American Airlines. The flight was fine, and food and drinks were acceptable. The crew was friendly and efficient. We left on time and arrived early, and who could wish for more? I could! There was no personal entertainment, only a few drop down screens. For an 8 hour flight we could have had a plane with decent IFE."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Chicago with my wife and baby, this first flight with American airlines was fantastic. Checkin was smooth, kind and helpful ground staff. Fast track security was fast. Lounge was quiet and nice with a view of one runway. Alcoholic beverages were not included in the lounge. Boarding was smooth and friendly cabin crew offered us champagne once seated. During the flight lunch we ordered when booking was served. We really enjoyed this flight."
"Verified Review | I booked Economy Class but was actually given a Premium Economy seat without any issues by American Airlines, for this alone I say bravo to AA. This is real member benefit (I am One World Sapphire) and will bring me back to AA if there is a flight. This was not an upgrade due to a full flight, add to the fact that the flight was not full, it was a rather comfortable flight having paid an economy fare. The flight time is some 8 hrs and I arrived feeling refreshed. Completing the four segments CDG-NYC-EZE completely changed my misconception on AA and I shall be their customer if I fly EY."
"Verified Review | The return American Airlines flight from Buenos Aires to New York JFK was more comfortable than the outbound journey as it is a day flight rather than the time-saving overnight. Again I had a Premium Economy seat paying EY fare and it was quite comfortable, again I say thanks to AA for such member benefits. I think other One World partners should learn to do the same rather than pricing themselves out of the so-called Premium Economy class. Service was normal and efficient. Airport check-in and facilities and Club lounge at EZE are not as good as at NYC though."
"The second segment of my extra longhaul flight with American Airlines from Paris CDG - New York JFK - Buenos Aires. Check in at JFK was a delight, as AA has a special area for elite member to check in. The check-in service was excellent and I was treated like a VIP. Good that they print benefits such as Priority Boarding on the boarding pass, rather than the passenger having to show a card at the gate. As with the last segment I was able to get a seat that some 'partner airlines' called Premium Economy at no cost. The flight is long and a bit tiring, but what more can I ask with a PE seat that offers good space at my price?"
"Verified Review | I had an extra long haul return flight between Paris and Buenos Aires and I booked on American Airlines via New York for fare advantage and a stopover in the Big Apple. When booking I had reservations as to the standard of service etc but all doubts proved to be misconceptions with regard to American service. From check in, as a One World Sapphire member, I was allowed to change seats to what other airlines called Premium Economy seats without further charge (AA do not operate a Premium E service but charge extra for these seats), great that as a One World Premium member I had this benefit. This is more than enough that in future I will opt to fly AA above my 'home airline' CX or BA that I fly with often."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Miami return with American Airlines on a B773 both ways, family of 4. Flights left pretty much on time and arrived on time. Check-in at LHR was a bit of a nightmare but not sure who was at fault for the huge queue. Flight experience was overall good, seats are fairly comfortable being economy class. Inflight entertainment is on demand and plenty of films, games, music to chose from. Food was fine and more than abundant. Also plenty of drinks offered and before we arrived in Miami an ice-cream and a snack. However when I fly I care most about the safety of an airline rather than fancy food. Crew was fairly friendly, especially on the LHR-MIA leg and mature. Check in staff in Miami was helpful and friendly as for whatever reason I was unable to complete my online check in (think because it was ticketed by Iberia). Overall a very good experience."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Tokyo Narita with American Airlines. Surprisingly very pleasant experience with American, especially how many horrible stories you hear about US-based airlines. The aircraft was a relatively new Boeing 787, and the J class cabin was a spacious 1-2-1 layout in reverse herringbone. Went onboard and was greeted with warm nuts and welcome drink. There was an amenity kit by Cole Haan, but everything was made in China, even the lotions, which made the product simply feel very cheap and of poor quality. The seat is fully lie flat. It's somewhat comfortable, the only complaint is that when the person next to you moves, for some reason, you can feel it (and I suspect the other person can also feel when I move) The inflight entertainment system was very impressive. Not only was the screen very big, there was an flatscreen display to control the programme from the comfort of your seat. There is also an iPhone-sized control for manipulating your seat and adjusting it to any way you wish, very impressive technology! The meal service was good, and came very eloquently presented. The crew was friendly and welcoming. There was wifi service, but I did not try it as it was for a fee. Overall a good flight experience on American's new plane, would recommend it."
"Economy class flights with American Airlines, Kansas City to New York JFK via Charlotte. Both legs had a clean aircraft (particularly impressed with the A319) with good cabin crew. Both flights on time. The seats were comfortable enough for the 2hr hops, and the Boeing 737 had wifi to pass the time. I don't fly AA very often but I would be happy to continue with them if this level of competence is consistent."
"Verified Review | A red-eye flight from Las Vegas to Philadelphia with American Airlines. Flight was fully booked. All overhead storage was full, well before half the plane boarded. Our boarding group wasn't even called yet before they announced storage was full. This did cause boarding to take a lot longer than normal, as many people had to back track to check their bag with the front desk. The front desk continuously announced you could check your bag for free at the desk, due to the storage shortage, but it appeared most who were boarding ignored this. We gladly took them up on it, and dropped off our bags at the desk, well before everyone else finally realized they had no choice. This at least let us board quicker as everyone was now crowding the front desk. Desk crew was friendly enough, I think they were getting a bit annoyed despite multiple announcements that there would be no storage, that people were generally ignoring their calls. We flew economy, so seats were as expected. I'm quite tall, as is my wife, so it can be a bit uncomfortable with the small leg room after an hour or two. Knees not in the seat, but, not enough room to move them at all. So, if you are in the plus 6 foot range, and with a bad knee, can be a bit annoying, but, we realize you get what you pay for. Crew were friendly and pleasant enough, flight was mostly quite as it was leaving Vegas at 11pm and landing in Philly at 6. Napped most of the way, when I could, so nothing really to report. Flight was generally smooth and we arrived earlier than scheduled, so that's always nice. I only had a glass of water during the flight, so can't really comment on food/drink service, too much. I believe the Wifi on this flight however did not work. Disembarking was only troubled by other passengers. A middle-aged man near the back of the plane decided, rather than wait for the rows to ahead to disembark, he would just start pushing his way out, which caused people to get chippy. Not really the airlines fault, though they did not intervene."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Buenos Aires with American Airlines. New business class layout, significantly improved from the old angle flat seats. Rather unusual arrangement, with every other row facing backward, similar to BA except that the seats are at an angle, with full separation between middle row seats. Not much storage space, though. The crew however were unengaged bordering on rude, no interest shown to the passengers, mechanical, no smiles, one felt that they'd rather be anywhere else but on the plane. Food was quite a disappointment, as well, edible, but resembling canteen fare. IEE were a bright spot, screens large, sharp, HD, with tons of movies and variety of shows. Overall, a vast improvement from the old business class, but what makes a journey pleasant and enjoyable is the cabin crew, and once again America Airlines disappoints. Not sure if I'd choose AA if this weren't an award fare, paid with miles."
"Verified Review | Montego Bay to Barbados via Miami. Seat pitch of both flights was good for economy, however on the MIA-BGI flight, we were seated in the main cabin extra seats at the overwing exits - perfect! Great legroom and seats comfortable. Crew friendly and efficient and nothing too much bother. Food and snack available were a little disappointing as not much choice available, but beverages were available. They offered one beverage service on both sectors however drinks were served from the galley when asked for. I haven't flown American for some years, however would not hesitate in the future. Ground staff at all airports were very helpful."
"Verified Review | Weather is not the fault of the airline. I was due to fly from London Heathrow to St Louisvia Dallas. We left five hours late on March 28th due to heavy winds and rain. When finally on the aircraft it was immaculate. Pre-flight drinks offered and the menu given out. Considering AA now only has eight seats in the 1st class compartment of the Boeing 777-300, the two cabin staff assigned were more than sufficient; friendly and polite despite the harried nature of the boarding. Lunch served after reaching cruising altitude, starter, soup, and salad were very good. I wasn't very happy with the main course, considering the delay I probably should have chosen something other than beef. The flight attendant saw that I hadn't eaten anything she offered me another which was delicious. The inflight entertainment was great with hundreds of choices. The intercontinental WiFi took some adjusting but eventually worked just fine. My connecting flight was delayed for about an hour due to a mechanical part which needed replacing. Again on the short flight to St. Louis the cabin crew was friendly and very helpful with pre-flight offered immediately. Drinks were served promptly at cruising altitude and seconds were offered with a smile. Aside from the weather delay, not a bad experience at all. AA #51 London to Dallas, can't remember the second flight number as it was changed so many times because of the weather delay. The staff at the Flagship lounge in London were helpful and caring and assured me that I would be re-booked which I was."
"Chicago to New Orleans in First class on March 16th. Flight boarded on time and friendly flight attendant greeting at the door. Flight 3/4 full and we left on time. Bumpy flight and attendants sat for a bit before pilot let them free to service the cabin. We were kept informed thru the flight of the weather as we had a lot of bumps. Lunch was served (we departed around 10:30am) so that was nice - a decent chicken-breast salad, cake and veggies. GOGO wifi worked well so was able to work. 2 hour flight was uneventful and landed on time. Bags took a bit long to get from gate-check but otherwise fine."
"When I booked my flight with American Airlines I was a little concerned because I had never flown with them before. My trip was uneventful, which in my books is good. No delays, no issues with my bags, and no issues with the flight itself. Originally I was supposed to fly home on Saturday 12th March, but due to extreme flooding in North Louisiana, which is where I flew to, I will not be able to make it to the airport tomorrow. The airport I flew into is about 2 hours away from where I am at and the airport there was not in the extremely affected areas. At first I was told that unless I was flying out of one of the two cities that got hit the worst nothing could be done about my flight, even though the roads to get to the airport I was flying out of were blocked. I spoke to AA customer service and she was able to wave the fees and change my flight anyways, I am now a pleased customer and will be comfortable flying with them again. Now as far as the insurance I purchased for my flight, that's a different story. They did me no good at all!"
"Business class on the American Airlines 787 is an excellent product flying from Madrid to Dallas. Seat is very comfortable, food and wine were very good, AVOD selection and screen resolution made it easy to pass some time away. Cabin crew were available and friendly. Liked the stand up area around the bar. Would definitely recommend them."
"Philadelphia to Munich in American Airlines business class. The seat is pretty decent and easy access to the aisle in a 1-2-1 configuration. Upon ordering dinner I asked the flight attendant (who was the cabin services director / purser) whether a specific dish (blackened salmon) was to be expected as being very spicy or hot. The answer given was \"I have absolutely no idea\". Maybe I am used to more detail oriented cabin crew from european and middle eastern airlines however I would expect some knowledge about the menu in a premium cabin."
"New York to Miami. This was an okay flight compared to the other American Airlines experiences I had. No delay, flight attendants were nice, the IFE was for money though, but that is a minor inconvenience. The aircraft was a newer Airbus, so not one of those ancient planes American Airlines has these days."
"JFK to Los Angeles return, out in first, back in business. Both products are outstanding. The F seats are spacious and private and the lie flat business seats are just fine. Both flights left on time and arrived early. Boarding is easy; priority for premium classes is well managed and the planes fit only about 100 people anyway. Service was attentive both ways and in First French champagne is back - a nice surprise. There isn't much difference between F and C catering (except for the champagne) and the meals are not exactly culinary experiences. But they are tasty and perfectly edible."
"I flew with American Airlines to Tampa, Florida from Manchester. The flight arrived delayed from Philadelphia due to departing traffic so we had a delay. We boarded with a friendly greeting from the staff. The flight departed, and excellent food and beverage service was provided. The Inflight Entertainment system was a very good one in my opinion. We landed on time in Philadelphia with a very brief connection. We got onto the next flight with very friendly Ground Staff, on time departure. There was sufficient service for the short two hour flight, drinks and snacks. No In-Flight entertainment but a very bad WiFi connectivity, if you tried to use the free edition. We landed on time in Tampa but had baggage issues due to weather, where the bags couldn't get off due to lightning. The staff kept us updated though and were very helpful. After 3 hours from arrival, we left the airport. Amazing service from American Airlines. Want to fly again."
"Shanghai to Los Angeles. Had difficulties with American Airline online booking management as it does not allow changes or upgrade by cash through internet, which is kind of lame as most of other airlines allow that. The online seat selecting is not helpful as it was impossible for me to select three seats in a row due to American Airlines money-making seating regulations. Fortunately staff at PVG was very understanding and helpful and as we arrived quite early, and he arranged D,E,H for my parents and I. Aircraft was new and I liked it. Took off on time and the inflight entertainment more than enough, but maybe not so enough for non-English speakers such as my parents. Food was ok and flight attendants doing their jobs. All in all quite nice experience comparing to our next two domestic flights between LAX and SLC."
"I was able to access OneWorld Emerald member benefits on this trip through British Airways. Check-in was prompt, followed-by time at the Admiral's Club Lounge in Terminal C prior to boarding. A321 was newly-painted in AA colors, and immaculate inside though seven years old. The cabin was quite spacious, and didn't seem cramped despite being a full flight. I did not miss the lack of AV monitors, though I like to see the flight path images on my trips. Two complimentary beverage service runs up to PHX, and snacks/breakfast food was available for sale o board. Service on board was efficient and adequate, with pleasant staff. The same aircraft continued to PDX after a one-hour stop in PHX, with a complimentary beverage and snacks for sale run. Flight attendants did several rounds to check seat belts, and also to collect trash on both segments. Arrived on time in PDX and my bag was on the carousel reasonably quickly. Overall, I was very satisfied with this flight and the fare paid."
"I wasn't expecting much as all American Airlines are generally the pits but I was pleasantly surprised with the new American Airlines A321 service running between Los Angeles and Honolulu. Nice big TV screens with free movies, good width seats with plenty of legroom, food whilst not free was actually quite tasty, the asian chicken wrap was really good. Well done to American, certainly a move in the right direction."
"London to Miami and back on American Airlines was a pleasant experience. Very spacious full-flat seat, good entertainment system with plenty of options, a large high resolution screen and excellent headphones. Even the quality and quantity of the food was as good as on European airlines. Friendly crew, lacking a bit in sophistication. On the return flight, we waited on the tarmac for a full hour before we could disembark which caused a missed connection for me, but the airline cannot be blamed for that. The price was much lower than Lufthansa and the product was at least as good so I would fly American again."
"I've flown dozens of domestic flights with American Airlines, and generally find the experience to be somewhere between tolerable and very good. This route, the service was quite good. I had the same crew on both the AUS-DFW and DFW-ORD legs, and they were quite pleasant and even recognized that I was on both of their flights. Despite the very short duration of the Austin to Dallas flight, they attempted to serve everyone onboard the drink of their choice (not just water), which was quite impressive. I appreciated the effort and polite service of the crew. My only criticism was the plane - American Airlines MD80's are very old, and it shows. No power outlets, out of date looking fixtures, etc. I was a bit surprised they would choose to use this plane on the relatively lengthy DFW-ORD flight."
"Chicago to London with American Airlines. Comfortable flight on a refurbished Boeing 767. No in-seat video is provided but there are control boxes on the floor. Food and wine were fine. Crew were good and interacted with passengers during the flight. Overall, good basic service that gets you from A to B."
"London to New York JFK, returning from Miami, and great flights with in Business Class on Boeing 777-300. The space, comfort, and privacy on this aircraft is second to none. The cabin crew were courteous and helpful (most of my flights with AA have been in coach where the rudeness of the staff used to be legendary). On both flights, the FA greeted by name, confirmed my meal order with me (requested on line) and took my coat. Outbound lunch was good, as were the wines. Drinks constantly replenished. A selection of snacks was laid out in the bar between meals, although I didnt try them. The pre-landing snack was croque monsieur, which was ok but really no better than the pizza that you used to get in coach many years ago. Before landing, the purser walked through the cabin thanking each passenger for flying AA. A nice touch. Bose noise cancelling headphones are superb, although they collect them almost an hour before landing. On the return from MIA, the food and service were again very good. The steak on flights starting the in the US is always better than on those starting in the UK, and it was served on a very hot plate. The salad was excellent. FA asked if I wanted to be woken for breakfast. Although I didnt I was awake when breakfast came round and it was surprisingly good. Id previously flown Business Class on the US Airways A330. The 777-300 seat is similar but improved. There is no gap between the seat and the wall, where things can be lost on the A330. There is a vanity mirror in the storage cupboard. The TV screens are larger (15). The seats have more adjustable positions. However, there is no storage under the footrest. A nice lightweight duvet and large fluffy pillow added to the comfort. The seats are a bit hard when sitting fully upright or fully flat for any length of time, but are very comfortable when reclined. Sleeping on the way back, the plane was very warm and I slept on top of the duvet which was very comfortable indeed. The washrooms on this plane are very nice, particularly the one on the starboard size which is double sized. The equipment makes this Boeing 777-300 the best business class across the Atlantic, and the service was up to par. The downside of this plane is that all the seats are very private, and if you are travelling with a companion then even in the middle pair you cant really see or talk to each other. If you want to socialise with a travelling companion, you may not like this plane. IFE was fair, not a lot of new films but enough newish and classics to keep me happy. I've marked down ground service because of a problem at LHR. I am gay and was travelling with my partner. The check in operative at tried to make us check in separately. When I asked if married couples had to check in separately she said no. I explained that my travelling companion was my Civil Partner, and that we had the same legal rights as a married couple. She was embarrassed and apologetic, but making assumptions about peoples sexuality is inappropriate. Business class check in and fast track security at LHR are excellent."
"New York JFK to Miami was on a refurbished American Airlines Boeing 767 with international business class flat bed seating. The seating is not as good as on the 777-300, but its a big improvement on the angled seating on the 777-200, and for a short domestic flight it is exceptional. The 1-2-1 configuration means every seat is accessible from an aisle, and the centre pairs are good for couples travelling together. All seats are forward facing. Service was friendly and rather informal. The food was good  the steak was better than on the flight over from London. IFE is only provided when these planes are flying internationally, and is provided by Samsung tablets in business class. Having flown into JFK in International Business Class, we had access to the Admiral's Club Lounge. These lounges are poor compared to British Airways. We got vouchers for two premium drinks each, but you have to wait to be served by a lone overstaffed barman, and the choice of food is poor."
"Flew American Airlines on a 757 from JFK to Miami and returned to La Guardia on a 737, in business class. The service was quite impressive, cabin/toilets clean, seat comfortable, and food was ample with a menu choice - wine and other drinks served. Flight attendants were informal but got the work done. The entertainment system was old fashioned, with drop down screens from the ceiling, not personalized at the seat level. Overall, a quality product worth patronizing again!"
"Packed American Airlines flight from Chicago O'Hare to Los Angeles on 1st February in coach. They changed aircraft so row 7 wasn't there anymore so 6 people had to find new seats. Gate agents handled some irate passengers well. Boarding was smooth - departed on time. Flight attendants were very nice and present throughout the flight. They did 2 drink and snack runs and came through with water two times. In-seat videos provided plenty of entertainment choices for the 4 hour flight. Gogo wifi was great - worked throughout the flight. Turbulence was very bad 30 minutes out of LAX due to El-Nino winds. Pilot kept us informed and did a good job. Landed smoothly and was a good flight. AA gets really bad reviews here - I fly them 150,000 miles a year and yes - I've had some bad flights. But overall they do a good job. I think a lot of people just expect to be treated like a king when they pay $300 for a trip. Keep up the good work AA."
"Orange County to London via Dallas Ft Worth with American Airlines, and very good service. Pretty nice aircraft, good food, and friendly staff. Entertainment on board was very cool, screens were new and working. For the ground service, I have never met such unfriendly people."
"Enjoyable flight from San Francisco to Miami with American Airlines. It departed and arrived on time though nearly an hour to wait for a bay at Miami, apparently due to weather. The inflight service is very basic though - basically just a drinks service. I did overhear the male flight attendant telling the passenger behind us that the sandwiches for sale weren't flash. For a 5 hour flight on a full service airline, one would think they could include snacks."
"My husband and I were on a 10 hour American Airlines flight from Chicago to Rome for our honeymoon this past fall. I became severely dehydrated and became ill. The entire crew aboard were so sweet and helped me feel better about the incident, especially two staff who went above and beyond. One of them even gave me a change of clothes since mine were ruined and I didn't have a spare in my carry on. Kudos to both these attendants and the entire flight crew on this flight."
"American Airlines from London Heathrow to Chicago was one of the best business flights I've had for a long time. Check-in and bag-drop took seconds and the lounge was quiet and fairly empty first thing in the day. I chose this flight as it was the newly-configured business cabin on the Boeing 767-300. Overall impression very good, seemed spacious and every seat is an aisle seat, which is a huge plus. I had a window seat, and it actually was a window seat - rather other airlines where you sit at an angle and have to twist to look out. The seat had a large fixed table area between the seat and the aisle, so there was no possibility of being knocked by someone on their way past. Like all new products there were a few design issues. You have to be more or less upright before you can release and then raise the table, but you get the hang of it eventually. The seat controls are very sensitive and you can often accidentally move your seat if you arm is laying where it normally would. The meal service was good, pre-ordered main course was there, and it seemed a very honest product. A very cheap appetiser, just humous, olives and pitta bread but then a delicious fish main course, with a choice of dessert and cheese. You had to wait for the entertainment system to be distributed after take-off, in the form of content loaded tablets and noise-reducing headphones. The 767's were always noisy old crates, but if you take along your own headphones and entertainment, there's no need to wait for theirs (although there is a huge choice of material). The seat was one of the most comfortable I've sat in for ages, it moved around easily, and in combination with a built in footstool, it wans't long before I had found the perfect position and was so comfortable I didn't want to get up. I'm tall, and couldn't reach the back of the footwell however hard I tried, so it felt like there was real space to stretch out. The afternoon snack was again straightforward, a charcuterie plate of meats, cheeses and breads plus cookies. Looked after well by the flight attendants throughout the flight. I'll be booking this airline and aircraft again."
"San Francisco to Chicago O'Hare, and a well-run flight from American Airlines. Despite having a low-cost economy ticket, I was given Priority Access for free, which meant I had plenty of time to board the plane, put away my bags and get settled. Cabin service was polite. American Airlines is in my opinion, the most reliable of the three major US carriers."
"The temperature of the aircraft on or flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Fargo was so hot it melted the chocolate candy bars my husband and I had. He was sitting toward the front and I was over the wing area. We did not mention it to the flight attendant because she was so rude to begin with. I spoke with a number of other passengers and they all felt it was extremely hot. We were nauseous by the time our 2.75 hr flight was over. The temperature wasn't the part that upset me as much as the flight attendant's attitude. One of the other passengers asked for more ice and the flight attendant said \"I will in just a bit, like I told the other guy, I only have two hands\". Unnecessary rudeness."
"My review is about the customer service rather than the flight itself. I recently booked an American Airlines flight from Austin to Oakland but found other more time-friendly flights. After cancelling the flight, I inquired about a refund. The representative told me the charge was $200 for rebooking - more than the original ticket cost. Obviously I was angry. After speaking with a manager at their Phoenix Reservation Service Center, my fee was waived. It was not of course without expressing my displeasure with the airline's policy. I decided to rebook the flight for the sake of convenience and cost - why use another airline if I could not receive a refund? Passengers would do well to be wary of nonrefundable tickets and hidden fees."
"Flew LAX to Sydney on the relatively new American Airlines service and I was very impressed. I love the business class seats on their Boeing 777 - same as Cathay Pacific, very private and comfortable. I am 6ft 4 and was very comfortable when the bed was flat. The meals were great and the crew were very obliging. I wouldn't hesitate to fly with them again over the Pacific and would choose them before the Qantas skybed any day."
"We arrived at the airport at 10am and missed our 5pm American Airlines Miami to Houston flight due to gate changes. The staff was unbelievably accommodating. They heard our story and really worked with us to find a solution. We were put on a 11:30pm flight. The flight attendants were so kind to us, and they turned a nightmare into an absolutely great experience. I would recommend this airline, strictly based on the staff that we encountered on our trip."
"Flew American Airlines Manchester to Chicago, for the first time since the late 2000s, excellent cabin service. Boarding the plane was greeted by friendly staff. Approximately 20 minutes after take off, the drinks service commences along with a bag of pretzels. The first meal follows around 30 minutes after, with another drinks service. Litter is cleared quickly and another beverage service. About 2 hours later a beverage service and ice cream. Approximately 90 minutes before landing, a beverage and second meal is served. The food is decent, didn't like the sandwich, however, would have much preferred the pizza they used to serve. Boeing 757 does not have any seatback televisions except for Business Class, I brought a tablet with films pre-loaded, and it was a life saver. There is mainscreen video, but the TVs are small and a weird aspect ratio. Highly recommend going main cabin extra!"
"Dublin to Las Vegas via Philadelphia for our honeymoon. The plane was serviceable, food fine, movies fine. The staff were friendly, courteous and helpful. When you needed something they gave it to you. No big fuss, just simple good manners. We had one flight delay between Vegas and Cancun but the American Airlines staff did everything they could to make sure it wasn't a complete mess - and things worked out okay. Our flight back to Dublin with no drama, nice staff."
"I had to wait until mid-December to buy American Airlines tickets for my 7 year old daughter to come to California to visit for the holidays, I didn't think I was going to be able to afford it, or find accommodating flights for the days I was hoping for. I was helped with the entire process for a very fair price considering the timing. My daughter was extremely well taken care of by the staff, and we were 100% informed and helped through the entire process. I'm grateful that everything went as well as it did, AA is my airline for her future trips. (Tickets purchased were economy class, but because of the availability they were able to give my daughter 1st class for these flights - I don't know how often it is able to happen, but it made the unaccompanied minor fee 1000% worth it.)"
"Boston to Cozumel via Miami return at peak travel time (Dec. 26 out and Jan. 2 in). All flights on new A321. Six in our group, had the premium economy seats. Very comfortable, lots of leg room, and excellent AVOD: good-sized screen, sharp resolution, and very clear sound. Lots of choices. Service at check-in and boarding very efficient. Drink service, supplying the full can of the chosen beverage. Only downside was one sour flight attendant on the return from Miami. Otherwise, attendants were helpful and cheerful. Some delays, but pilots compensated. Seven or eight pieces of luggage made it both ways, including two gate-check car seats for kids."
"Flew Chicago to Miami with my girlfriend on Dec 2nd then on to Milano a few days later: the international flight was an Iberia ticket operated by AA which I explicitly selected as I wanted a direct flight to Milano on the way back. I have been flying with them several times in the last 5 years so I knew what to expect: basic service, aged planes and lower standards compared to major European and Asian carriers. The B738 which operated the domestic leg was kind of new instead, seats were comfortable and with a big screen (most of the services had to be paid, thoughI did enjoy the map) and crew, including the talkative pilot, nice so nothing to complain about. There was also a medical emergency on the way to Florida and it was managed promptly. MIA to MXP was operated by an old B767-300ER and, as expected, it felt like being on a bus even thought the seat is slightly better in terms of width and softness than on newer planes of any airline. Food was bad but I was prepared and I brought something with me so did not starve, it was a night flight so having no entertainment did not bother me so much but it must be painful on a daylight trip, if you are not aware. Again, crew polite and friendly but very little information from the cockpit and it was not understandable because of the bad intercom system. The only issue was the check in Miami as they force you to use the automatic machines and tag your own luggage but often you end up having to ask for help (i.e. for checking your Passport if you are not an EU citizen, like my girlfriend) and at the end the whole procedure may become slower than the standard one. The real plus of this airline is the price and I have got the feeling they are trying hard to keep their standards up to date by buying a huge number of new planes and by providing their customers a better service but it will probably take some time before they can really compete with non-US carriers in terms of quality. Personally, I will keep flying with them inside US while for overseas flights to/from USA my choice will still be for European carriers, unless unbeatable deals."
"As usual for any in/outbound flight to/from Brazil, boarding is slightly chaotic due to the lack of discipline of customers. Business class seating is barely appropriate for such a new plane. Private light not working, confusing reclining commands and even worst IFE system with several unexpected resets. Apart from a boring diner and a breakfast which I would recommend anyone to stay away from at any cost, the crew is only performing routinely, smiling and extra pampering optional. It seems that their presence is strictly contained at maintaining the cabin within permissible safety standards, all other tasks being sidelined. The herringbone layout of the cabin for some reason leads to permanent knocking on the back of your head from the passenger seating behind you. Never experiernced this before in any other new business class cabins from other airlines. Overall, American Airlines delivers a mediocre service."
"London Heathrow to Albuquerque via Dallas Fort Worth. The staff at Heathrow and on the flight were helpful, seats in economy were comfortable enough (would pay for main cabin extra next time just for the leg room), and the food satisfactory for a picky vegetarian like myself. The same goes for my domestic flight to ABQ, where everything was smooth and pleasant. I had some issues on my return flight, but the staff couldn't have been better. My flight from ABQ to DFW was delayed by 2 hours, which meant I had 10 minutes to make my flight to LHR on arriving at DFW. American Airlines staff at ABQ bumped me to main cabin extra so I could be one of the first off of my domestic flight, and put me on reserve for a later to flight to LHR if I missed my designated flight. Of course, they were sceptical about my luggage making the same flight given the allotted window, but talked me through the procedure for delayed luggage. I actually made my flight on time, and miraculously my luggage was waiting for me at LHR when I arrived. A great trip with excellent service."
"Whilst I appreciate that the vast majority of reviews are referring to domestic flights within the US, and differing factors apply, I really cannot understand the wave of negativity re AA services. From the off, these were two excellent flights, on time in both directions, easy boarding, comfortable seats, perfectly adequate food and drink for the economy cabin, and helpful, friendly staff. I like the 2-5-2 layout of this type of 777, and I see the change to 3-3-3 as a retrograde step. A large number of people travel in pairs, and it's nice to be able to sit together without having to share a row of seats. It's for that reason that, when flying economy, I try, wherever possible to choose a route served by Airbus 330 or 340. The American Airlines economy seats are wide and comfortable. The IFE is very US biased, but, of course this is an American airline. Last time I flew AA, I felt the $5 charge for drinks was ridiculous, and I'm pleased to see that they have seen the error of their ways and reverted to generous free supply of beer and wine as well as soft drinks. I'd have no hesitation using this very convenient route from N Spain to Florida (BCN to MIA) again in the future."
"Los Angeles to Madrid via Dallas and service was good on American Airlines. We were too late for our initial flight, however American gave us a new LAX-DFW flight and handled our change in flight very well. We got on the plane and left. Turns out our original flight got delayed severely, so I'm glad they allowed us to change! The seats were comfortable, the flight went smoothly, however no airline is without issues. The IFE could've been better, and the food on is gross (except breakfast and snacks.)"
"My family of nine flew American Airlines from Memphis to Harrisburg in November. There were five children and four adults, which one was with handicap. The treatment my family received was out of this world. Traveling during the holidays is always hard, but all services were great. As the father of this family, I just want let you know how thankful I am for making our holiday traveling so wonderful."
"My previous experiences with American Airlines was not so good, but this one flight compensated it all. The flight attendants were well dressed, friendly, and professional. I heard food on American Airlines is expensive, but I still bought the Asian Chicken Wrap and it was worth the price I paid. Before touching down at LA I got sick, and somehow managed to walk to the galley and despite her restriction, the flight attendant managed to get me a bottle of water and I am grateful to her for that. The flight was 3/4 full, so I went to the two empty seats at the back and rested all the way to LA, the seats were comfortable, and the plane seemed new though some seats were worn and torn. I am still not sure if I may fly this airline again because of how bad the experiences were, of the 4 flights I had with American, this one was the only one which was satisfactory."
"New York JFK to Paris CDG with American Airlines. Newer airplane thus the fully reclining seats were quite comfortable. Service was acceptable and the flight attendant was very accommodating. I was able to sleep most of my flight without disturbance from the staff. Bathrooms were clean. Would fly with American Airlines again."
"I previously travelled on this route prior to the take over of US Airways by American Airlines. I felt that although the flight from MAN to TPA via PHL was well priced, it had a rather a low-cost feel to it. Food was very poor as expected. There were very few drink runs and the crew as usual on American were all quite a bit older. However the A330 was in good condition, the seats were comfortable and the IFE worked. Internal flights both ways were 100% capacity but again were on time. I would definately use AA on this route as PHL was particularly impressive as a US entry point."
"I have accepted the fact that \"legacy\" carriers in the United States are nothing more than low frills, low service, nickle and diming, budget airlines without the budget price. At least American is. Fortunately for me, and the only reason I made this trip was the fare was extremely low. American Airlines charges for everything. Want to sit in the middle of the plane, thats extra. Want to watch anything on the brand new IFE devices, thats extra. Checking bags? Extra. Needless to say on this flight, the first leg was on a nearly new A321. If it was in service much more than a month I would be surprised. The flight left on time and arrived into LAX a few minutes early. One thing I can say, and I do not know if it was because the plane was new, or this particular model is outstanding, but the cabin pressurization was amazing. I had no effects at all from the flight to my normally very sensitive ears. On the return, the flight also left on time and arrived into Miami a few minutes early. I had no issues that needed dealing with, and the flight crew were all friendly. My issue with American is the fact that everything is extra. Fuel prices are at a record low, airline profits are at record highs, yet none of that has been invested into the flying experience in the form of reduced fees, or increased amenities."
"I was a very happy customer on my American Airlines flight AA39 from London Heathrow to Miami on 28th November. A great product on their Boeing 777-300, seats and entertainment. The service onboard was excellent. Food was good, plentiful and well-presented, good choice of wines. We fly to the US a couple of times a year in business and this is our second time with American Airlines. It won't be our last."
"American Airlines from Los Angeles to New York, and I was pleasantly surprised. FAs were professional and friendly. Food options were great. Cabin was impeccable and seats comfortable. I didn't use the IFE so cannot comment. Overall it was a great flying experience and I'd gladly fly American Airlines again."
"Overall an interesting travel experience with American Airlines. First time with them on medium haul across the Atlantic. Amazing IFE on-board the Boeing 777 for this flight from London to New York JFK. Food options limited and if you are a vegetarian, there is only an option for a vegan meal. Space and toilets satisfactory. Terminal 3 at Heathrow busy and long queues. Seat to seat calls are available besides WIFI access onboard with a minimal charge of course. Overall good and may fly with them again."
"New York JFK to Bogota via Miami with American Airlines, and a good experience. Transit in Miami is a pleasure, since terminal D is easy to walk, and nice shopping and eating experience. Admirals Club always crowded but comfortable. All flights on time. Nice FA and IFE offered on all legs. The new A321 is comfy and quiet. Even on my way back the gave me a shorter connection than originaly planned, got back to JFK sooner than expected."
"When I booked what I thought was first class for my husband and me, I realized it was economy so I rebooked into first class. I received 2 E-itinerary with with the same record locator. One had my husband going from Jacksonville to Dallas Ft Worth and the other on a different date but same record locator had me going from Charlotte to Des Moines with another person and charged to my C/C. After many calls and hangups from agents, the tickets were corrected. They said this never happens! Then I noticed I had been charged for three reservations. I called and spoke with at least 10 American Airlines' representatives. Most would put me on hold until I got a dial tone. I thought I will never fly AA again. Today one week later I spoke with a supervisor, and she not only explained about my refund on my credit card but was so courteous that my blood pressure went way down and my opinion of American Airlines went back to A1. I will continue to fly AA only because of her."
"I was very impressed by the extra service from all airline staff. I was on crutches with a broken foot and they offered to take me in a wheelchair between airlines and even to get my luggage. All airline staff was very courteous and concerned. However, I was very very offended at the end of the journey by a porter. The lady who took me to get my luggage realized that she couldn't carry my bag outside and wheel me as well, so she asked a porter to help, a Spanish speaking man. He literally picked up the one suitcase and wheeled it outside. The lady left me in the wheelchair to wait for my ride. The porter then turned to me and said, \"well?\" \"Well what?\" I asked. \"I work for tip!\" He said. \"I'm sorry I have no cash,\" I said. \"Ha! You have no cash?? I work for tip!\" He said again. \"Leave me alone,\" I said. He then threw my suitcase on the ground and walked away. At this point it was midnight, my foot was in real pain and I was really offended by this. I have no problem tipping porters, but this was a very different situation, as I didn't not ask for his help and it literally only took a moment of his time. The lady could not have taken me outside without his assistance. I will avoid the airline after this experience."
"Los Angeles to Kona (Hawaii) on an American Airlines A321. Now that I've taken two flights on this new aircraft and spoken to flight attendants it is clear that American has chosen the wrong aircraft for this route. Firstly, although new, the setup is so flawed and poorly thought out on many levels. The entertainment system is problematic with constant reboots needed and a very clumsy operating system. The whole experience is like renting a car from a budget company and getting a new car which is clearly made as cheaply as possible. The most serious issue is that due to fuel requirements this aircraft very often has to move passengers away from the front of the aircraft when loads are light. A flight attendant confessed to me that it happens with regularity including evacuation of the entire first class cabin. This is not a safety issue but an issue of very poorly thought out choice of aircraft for route. That combined with the serious design flaws make it a strange experience."
"American Airlines from Honolulu to Los Angeles. The good news is new aircraft on all Hawaii routes. Truly not bad. Flight on time, staff cordial, food acceptable - just ok. Interactive entertainment has good content but very clumsy to operate. Why tag luggage premium when it just has no meaning? It actually makes it worse with expectations not met."
"London to Los Angeles, returning Miami to London Heathrow with American Airlines. Cabin crew excellent on both flights. The return flight from MIA was delayed by 3 hours after we had to return to the gate. The expalnation given wasn't really ample, something about lack of catering and that we had to refuel due to the longer then usual taxiing, sounded really strange to us. Anyway, rebookings for missed connections at LHR were taken care of, and we were given new boarding cards when we got off the plane at LHR, no stress. Regarding the flights, we liked the new seat. It is very comfortable for sleeping although it could have a little more padding. Better than British Airways Club World seat in my opinion (BA is better for privacy if you are in a window seat). IFE and WiFi are very good, good movie selection and relaible WiFi (but it should be free of charge in business class, charging 17USD is borderline indecent). Food could also use a little improvement (love their ice cream sundaes though, which sadly weren't available on the inbound flight). There were no amenity bags for the MIA-LHR leg something I actually missed because I had most of my stuff in the checked baggage and I had no moisturiser at hand. Worst part of the journeys were probably ground service at Miami which left alot to be desired, staff were rude and not very helpful. Overall a good business class product that needs some minor improvements. Would book with the airline again."
"Los Angeles to Shanghai with American Airlines. On time, good connections, hospitable crew and a smooth flight. On a flight this long (13 hours) I've been in the habit of getting up from my seat 2 times or more and taking a short walk, usually hanging out for a spell behind or beside the crews station in the rear of the cabin. Not permitted on this flight it seems. The airplane had plenty of space elsewhere. Overall, one of my best flights, all that was important went well."
"Excellent cabin service, the dinner was better than average and the wine was very good. Overall almost back to the level of the 90's. Equipment was new with large screen individual seat video. Plane was full with usual carry-on bag kerfuffle. Left the gate 5 minutes late and waited in-line about 20 minutes for a take-off slot. Arrived in SFO about 10 minutes early. Overall excellent flight."
"London Heathrow to St Louis via Chicago with American Airlines. The flight was awesome with the attendants all performing their jobs wonderfully. The food was very good as well with, considering it was breakfast, very well sized portions. Even though it is an older product, the flight was very comfortable indeed."
"Phoenix to San Francisco, Seat 4D. Boarding priority given to first class passengers and passengers with elite status. Flight departed on time. No inflight entertainment on former US Airways aircraft therefore safety demonstration conducted by flight crew in a very effective manner. Flight crew very pleasant. Once airborne, refreshments were provided. Flight attendant on this particular flight in first class is nice and efficient. She took drink orders by rows. Once she served the drinks, she came back with the snack basket and offered to passengers. She came around second time taking more drink orders and offered more snack. Snack on offer was pretty good: Kettle potato chips, organic oatmeal cookies, mixed nuts, etc. I wish there were fresh food like banana and apple but what on offer was more than sufficient for the 90 minute flight. Interior of aircraft well maintained although the seat pitch in first class is a little tight. I think it is maybe 38 inches, like premium economy on other international airlines. But the American Airlines Boeing 737-800 aircraft seems to have better pitch, I think maybe 42 inches, but the four extra inches make a world of difference. A couple of minor complaints, no hot towel service and no pre departure drinks. That is maybe I chose to board the aircraft last so I don't have to sit while waiting for the other 180 passengers to board and walked by me and knock me over with the oversized suitcases. One recommendation for American Airlines is that they should enforce cabin bags regulations as many passengers are cheap and chose to bring the oversize suitcases onboard rather than paying check baggage fees. Smooth flight with a very pleasant female captain. Arrival into San Francisco ahead of schedule. A fairly good flight."
"Flew Miami to New York JFK yesterday on a fairly new A321S - was pleased to snag the two seater in the exit row (24D/E) which had excellent leg space. Despite the full flight and the usual nightmare of boarding and finding overhead locker space, we left on time and arrived early. The pluses - punctuality, new plane, nice cabin design and comfortable leather seats with AVOD, friendly crew (some of them anyway). The negative - unsurprisingly all the entertainment worth watching (like any snacks etc) had to be paid for, the interactive flight map also wasn't activated."
"American Airlines from San Francisco to Phoenix, seat 10D. Exit Row. Departed slightly late but arrived into PHX a few minutes early. Flight crew fairly pleasant. Briefing before taking off for exit row passengers. No inflight entertainment on US Airways aircraft therefore flight crew did the safety demonstration. After takeoff, drinks service began. Pleasant crew and ontime flight arrival. Slept most of the flight and did not check in bags. Fairly pleasant flight. Got the flight for $81. Bargain and no complaint."
"The new lay-flat seats in business class offer a great way to go. The seats offer good isolation from the other passengers and the in-flight entertainment controls were the best I have seen. Pretty much everything has been thought of in designing these seats. The service on the night flight to London was a little uneven and the food average. The service and the food on the return flight from London to LAX were excellent. The 777-300er is a nice plane and the American Airlines business class in this plane is excellent."
"I booked these flights without reviewing the airline as I thought they were in the One World Alliance and therefore should be fine. Once booked I read the reviews for this airline and thought I had made a huge mistake. However, we had no problems whatsoever, from checking in online, dropping bags off at the airport to reaching our destinations. All four of our flights departed on time and two arrived early. The boarding was fine and the flights were either full or nearly full. The first leg of our flight from Manchester to PHL left on time the the first round of service took place very quickly, the chicken dish we had was tasty and hot, one of the best airline meals I have had! Drinks were generous and came round a couple of times with each service. The flight attendants were good and we had a laugh with a couple of them. I could certainly have no hestitation in booking with American Airlines in the future."
"Because I am used to economy airlines, riding American was a change. While the flight on the CRJ-200 was operated by Air Wisconsin under the US Airways Express tag, the parent was still American. Overall the flight attendants were polite and attentive. I asked one of the stewardess (737-800 flight from DCA to ORD) how her day was going and how many flights she had today. She replied with her answer, then gave me a an entire can of Coca-Cola. Surprising considering that they aren't supposed to do that. Though $25 each way for a bag is excessive, it does beat the economy airlines. Their airfare is high, but because this was school sponsored, I only had to pay for the bags. Overall, including a 30-minute delay at DCA, not bad."
"This was American Airlines flights from Miami to Norfolk via Charlotte. This was a previous USAir route for sure. Our departing flight was delayed by nearly 30 minutes, but thanks to modern unexplicable airline scheduling, we still arrived into Charlotte an hour before our connecting flight which was on time. American is really more of a no frills airline than the so called discount airlines. Both of our flights were on repainted USAir planes which had no in cabin entertainment at all, other than wifi which I did not bother to connect to. No snacks served either. Both of these planes, while clean, were definitely on the worn side. One thing I will add, is for the first time I used Americans mobile boarding pass. This can be obtained via their app or emailed. With this and not checking bags, I had absolutely no contact with any airport agents. I also slept on both flights so I had no inflight contact with flight crew. I saw people with paper boarding passes and thought, how 2000's! I ultimately arrived on time and safely into Norfolk. I guess thats the ultimate goal when flying domestically these days!"
"I was very pleasantly surprised by the excellent quality of our American Airlines flights. The flight cost an unbeatable 300, both flights left on time and arrived well ahead of schedule. The ground service staff and cabin crew were cheerful, polite and professional. Aircraft were clean, and I found the seat comfortable and not especially cramped. The meals were acceptable, and free drink was on offer. The inflight entertainment was delivered via overhead screens, but because I was either reading or sleeping it didn't bother me at all. I have no hesitation in recommending American Airlines."
"London to Los Angeles return with American Airlines. Flights were both on time, planes were clean and comfortable. The IFE was extensive and up-to-date. The food on the LAX-LHR route was good, although the red-eye return haul had a breakfast that I mostly left. When flying into LAX the boarding was a little chaotic - whilst Group 1 boarding were announced, after this no information was given, leaving the rest of us to guess when we went to board. On the flight itself, crew were friendly at first but after about 2-3 hours into the flight they clearly were tired and it reflected on their manner as I felt like I was irritating them every time I asked for a drink when they came down the aisles, which did feel a little intimidating to me. Thankfully, my flight back was much better organised in boarding and crew were very friendly throughout the flight. Overall though my experience was positive and I would fly with American again."
"This review concerns the Philly to Manchester leg of of our trip. A customer was able to get onto to the plane with an oversized bag. He refused to check it upon boarding, tried to jam it into the overhead and under his seat. When the flight attendant was also unable to fit the luggage anywhere, the customer was rewarded with a free upgrade to first class. Flight was fine and without issue other than this customer being rewarded for breaking the rules."
"Manchester to New York with American Airlines. Upgraded to main cabin extra for a small fee, and well worth it with much more space. Food adequate. Staff did their job okay but not on par with the Qatar Airways staff I had just flown on. Shame about the poor arrival terminal with long lines for immigration and customs but that's not the airline's fault. Poor entertainment system which didn't matter to me, but my be of concern to others, especially families."
"A short flight from Tampa to Miami with American Airlines. Only 40 minutes long, so no service on board but clean and comfortable plane especially as it was a full flight. Friendly and informative staff too. Would have no hesitation in flying again."
"My adult son, who is visually impaired, travelled alone for the first time and booked assistance on his American Airlines flights from Manchester to Pittsburgh via Philadelphia. He was looked after at every point of the flights. Thank you for looking after him."
"This was my 3rd American Airlines flight this week - returning home after seeing my 5 week old grandson for the first time. Again this was the same type of aircraft as the outbound flight. The ground staff were very nice and cabin crew pleasant and efficient. My hot entre was on board and the meal very tasty. Again, my only complaint was the in ceiling screens - couldn't really see all that well. I didn't even bother using the ear buds at my seat. forgot to mention, blanket was also at the seat upon boarding - as well as my 2 outbound flights. Nothing extraordinary - just friendly, professional service."
"This is where my 4 flights of the week went downhill. First off, American Airlines changed the plane from a great A321 type that I flew out on to an old B757 - a much larger and much older aircraft. I thought I was sent back via the Twilight Zone. I hadn't flown in one of these in years! Anyway, pillow and blanket (neither of which I used) were at our seats. The seats were large but there wasn't any regular plugs to charge devices. Again, it was a 2 hour flight so no meal - just a choice of refreshments. Entertainment was provided via overhead CRT monitors anchored to the ceiling over the aisle. CRT monitors! The ground crew were very good and organized since there were many people at the desk due to the change in aircraft. Luckily, my reserved seat was still mine - just not in the nicer A321. The cabin crew were younger but friendly and professional. The captain was funny on the PA system. Overall and okay flight but thankfully short."
"I was amazed at the attention we received from our cabin attendant. She obviously has been flying for a while and she had this down pat. She introduced herself to each passenger as we boarded. We were served a drink and the warm nuts. I had placed my entre order online and it was there for me - and very tasty. The seat was comfortable. My only concern was the plane having only the overhead screens instead of individual seatback screens. All in all it was very enjoyable trip."
"Traveled American Airlines on 29th September and happy with the flight. Ground staff and cabin crew were professional and friendly. This was a newer A321 with good seats and 15 inch seat back screens with a wide variety of programing. It was a short flight with only refreshments served, but sufficient."
"Had an excellent experience from Palm Springs to Washington DC return during September. I had not flown American Airlines for a few years and amazed at the improved quality of the First Class domestic product. All flights were on time with connections at DFW. The inflight service was excellent and the friendliness of the team surpassed expectations."
"Las Vegas to Miami via Los Angeles. The A321 is quiet aircraft, comfortable seats, wonderful spacing and inflight entertainment system. Crew was exceptionally professional on the first short flight and the A321 to Miami. Food selection was good. Captains informative especially deviating around weather. Returned to DFW on refurbished Boeing 777-200 and to LAS on new Boeing 737-800, again fabulous flights. Sat on ground in MIA with baggage and weather delays and Captain informed passengers of status. Missed DFW connection, but my AA app revised flight all figured out as we landed. New Boeing 777-200 interior is beautiful, loved the mood lighting. Once again, service was great and crew very professional."
"American Airlines ground handling at Heathrow is slapdash, disappointing considering it's AA's own staff. Despite having Oneworld Elite status, no priority tags, explanation of lounge options or recognition at check-in or boarding gate (use of my name just once would have been nice). Used the British Airways lounge, and it was fine for a coffee and afternoon tea. Boarding at LHR chaotic. Onboard, the crew were friendly and jovial, the new Business Class seat is comfy, lots of storage, great IFE and Bose headsets. Wifi did dropout numerous times. The dining was second to none, compared to British Airways where a tray is thrown at you in Club World and the main course in overcooked and swimming in liquid. I have not flown in Economy with American Airlines transatlantic yet, but Business Class exceeded my expectations, and with their new product they exceed BA by miles. Looking forward to American Airlines and this aircraft on the SYD-LAX route."
"American Airlines is hit and miss on most flights. Sometimes great service, sometimes not so great. They should have longer turnaround times in London Heathrow, because I often take their flights from there to LAX/JFK and the planes are dirty. This time, I opened up my screen at row 16 and there was food, drinks and everything else on the screen. The table dirt was the same. Seats had food bits in them. This flight was okay, food was better. Planes are packed these days, so even as Exec Plat, I had no chance of the system wide upgrade."
"La Guardia to San Jose via Miami with American Airlines. The ground service was ok, and the flights were on time. The p[lanes are a bit old, and American still uses the olds 737 on this route. The transfer connection in Miami fast and easy. However, the downside is that American Airlines FA's are not interested on offering a good service. Not even a smile."
"Boston to New York JFK on American Airlines Boeing 737-800. Plane was retrofitted with new seats. Obviously makes the travel much better, as although tighter on pitch, the slimmer profile allows a certain amount of comfort. Flight time was not enough to make purchasing TV content worth it. May have been a moving map available for free. Given the revenue on the Northeast corridor routes, the upgraded plane makes sense, but not sure how much charging for TV is worth attempting to charge for compared to others where it is free."
"Amazingly, no issues with both flights on American Airlines. Flight from MIA-DFW left on time. Boeing 777 is a great aircraft, the economy seats seem to be less cramped and overall flying experience is nice. Flight from DFW to YVR also on time, and the flight was full of people coughing and sneezing. I thought for sure I would get sick, but I didnt. That's obviously not the fault of the airline! The airline staff pleasant. I got what I paid for, a basic flight that took off and landed on time, all luggage arrived, no issues or problems."
"American Airlines has definitely upped their game. I was upgraded due to my EP status on AA. Out of all the US airlines only AA regularly upgrades me. I spend a lot of money with them in my business, not sure if that is connected though. This is their A320 shuttle between LAX-JFK, replacing larger Boeing 767, which I used to fly. It cannot be compared. Seats are great, comfortable. The only illogical thing is USB / Headphone plugs and cell phones which is behind your seat, to make space in front. But it is a little annoyance. Food is great, better than on international AA flights I take from LAX-LHR. They had great starters, good wines and fresher food options. AVOD great, good sized personal TV. AA is going the right direction, I just hope they don't become complacent again. The competition is tough and I recently tried Mint by JetBlue, which I dare to say was even better."
"American Airlines Dublin - JFK - LAX - Honolulu - LAX flights on time. Fantastic crews, some of them had definitely been around a while (and I saw more than one wearing a pair of crocs) but they seemed to be genuine and take pride in their jobs. Great catering, Dublin - JFK I had the best steak on a plane. Generous meals were served on the long domestic legs. Crew offer drink top ups. The seats Dublin - JFK were old angled seats, fine for daytime flight but I wouldn't like to travel overnight with these. The full flat seats between JFK and LAX on the new A321 were superb. The old recliner seats LAX-HNL-LAX flights were nothing to write home about but a step up from shorter haul business class in Europe. only thing that could have improved for me would be handheld IFE units given out to customers in First Class on LAX-HNL legs. The flights are around 5.5-6hrs and this would have vastly enhanced the experience."
"La Paz to London via Miami. The main reason for this review is that American Airlines now check your baggage through. After booking the flights, I had a warning from a friend that you not only had to go landside when transiting, but you had to collect your bags to check in again. I had minimal time in (Dallas on the way out) Miami and AA reservations confirmed that baggage could not be checked through. They now do so and I made the LHR flight with about 30 minutes to spare (unhelpful immigration staff). The flights were uneventful and unimpressive, but cheap and got there in reasonable time. The only real gripe is the entertainment system. The Boeing 777 flights provide a woefully short number of films, documentaries, comedies, dramas and any choice would get a 'you want to watch it from 20 minutes in or wait for the next one in 10 minutes?' Sound and picture quality are very poor. The Boeing 757 flight from La Paz was a throwback to the 80's - fold down screens in the aisle, where you will watch the only showing, unless you're sitting in a window seat and you can't see the screen anyway. Point I did like was that, for a cheap cost, you can buy a better seat well in advance. As said, my flights to Peru and back from Bolivia were a lot cheaper than alternatives so if that means the TV options are rubbish, so be it."
"Flew Dallas Fort Worth to Washington with American Airlines on an MD-80 with a new and modern interior. First Class seat seemed to be smaller than the old seats, a little tight in the rear. Flight departed and arrived on time. Cabin crew was super, after take off we were served a nice lunch, surprisingly the food was pretty good. Wi-Fi was available but I didn't make use of the service. Crew was funny, professional and extremely attentive, great service. American seems to be trying harder, great improvement."
"A great American Airlines service. Flagship lounge very nice at JFK. Boarding on time, nice FA, new aircraft, very comfortable seating. Only thing, do not sit in the front row for business, it is very noisy and crew are close. Choose row 7 or 8. Nice food service, and snacks."
"Sao Paulo to New York JFK. American Airlines newer Boeing 777-300 have started looking tired and a bit dirty, like the old 777s and 767s. The service was very good and friendly. Both seat and entertainment worked well (same poor TV programming) and in spite of the fact that we had a pair of spoiled loud children on Business Class, the ride was smooth and comfortable. The food was quite average, but a very decent selection of wines. I a very pleased to see that decent service, at least in the premium cabin, is becoming more common. Not all flights for sure, but enough for frequent flyers to notice."
"The 2nd leg of 2 to Las Vegas with American Airlines. After travelling from Manchester and now feeling rather tired and weary, we couldn't wait just to get on the plane and get away. When we seen the plane at the gate it was a lot smaller than our first flight so we expected to be squashed up like sardines for 6hrs as the flight was fully booked. Again the flight boarded on time and we were greeted by the cabin crew, found our seats and to our surprise there was even more leg room than the first flight. The cabin was also fresh, clean and bright. Departure was delayed by an hour due to a technical fault with something to do with the fuel. Once up and away the inflight service commenced and free drinks were served which I wasn't expecting for an internal flight. The entertainment was in overhead TV's but I didn't expect seat back entertainment on a smaller plane. I didn't even expect TV's on the plane. We arrived in Vegas only 30 minutes late so that wasn't too bad after our 1 hour delay. No problems at all with this flight (apart from delay, but safety is paramount)."
"Manchester to New York JFK with American Airlines, being the first leg of 2 travelling to Las Vegas with my wife and son. After reading some of the horror stories previously I wasn't looking forward to the flights. The day got off to a bad start with a 2hr queue for checking in at Manchester airport, and then to find out that the seats that my wife had booked online (window seats) were then not available to us and we were put in the centre section - although one of us would be sitting by ourselves, this was rectified on board with another passenger who kindly swapped. The flight was on time and we made it with 20 minutes to spare thanks to the mass chaos at check in, the plane looked new and clean from the outside, but once inside the aircraft all that changed, and you stepped back in time to the 1990's. The cabin was dreary and their was also a stale smell in the air (like a pub carpet), and also the entertainment system may have well been non existent with the overhead TV's (no seatback entertainment here). The flight was good, the cabin crew were good - friendly and no attitude, the food was good, and also the refreshment service was no problem (free drinks). The seats may have been old, but they were spacious and plenty of legroom in front. Would I fly with AA again - if I got the same level of service then yes, if it was a dirty aircraft that desperately needs dragging into the modern age for a long haul flight then no. American Airlines need to up their game in certain departments and make sure it happens across the board so everybody has the same level of service whether it be long or short haul."
"I fly American many times throughout the year from DFW to US and international countries. The most annoying thing is when traveling via Miami, American loves to fill the aircraft with a ton of cargo so much so that flight will often be delayed departing, meaning a missed connection in Miami. Seems American loves to put people in Hotels in Miami from delayed flights. My recent flight from DFW via Miami catching American Eagle to GNV, I nearly missed with the connection because American in DFW decided to load a ton of cargo onto the Boeing 777-300ER. Granted the plane was flying onwards from Miami to RIO, but most of the passengers were making connections in Miami to other US cities via American Eagle. As the flight was delayed 1hr in DFW while a full plane sat on the ground, by the time the food for purchase came around the food had run out. So much so that the cabin crew started giving out free snack items. As to the delay from DFW, American was nice to give each person the full can of soda or Juice, and the pilots took us over the gulf to so we could reach Miami quicker. Once landed in Miami everyone ran to D60 where all the American Eagle flights depart with a mad rush for the sky train to make the connections."
"Guadalajara to Chicago via Dallas/Ft Worth with American Airlines, and no problems. Flight to Guadalajara and back were good. Seat was not comfortable on the older MD80, but well managed and very clean. The A320 has inflight entertainment, however it stopped working about 30 minutes before landing. Flight attendants were kind and attentive, and the snack pack is actually a good buy on economy. Overall, very enjoyable experience."
"London to New York with American Airlines. The cabin crew were friendly, food was tasty, and the trip was comfortable. For a relatively long flight, it was pleasant, and more comfortable than many flights I've been on."
"Paris CDG to New York JFK I only flew American Airlines because all of the one-stop flights from Cairo to New York via Qatar Airways were full, and I figured that one transatlantic flight on American Airlines was worth it to experience Qatar Airways business class between Doha and CDG. Boarding was slightly problematic. They announced business class boarding, and when I walked up to go through, I was rudely told that only business class passengers were boarding. It was assumed that due to my appearance that I couldn't possibly be a business class passenger, but once they realized the mistake, no apology was forthcoming. The plane was obviously old and the IFE personal entertainment screen was small, with a very limited selection of movies and television shows. When \"The Good Wife\" is the most interesting series available, there's a problem. However, the seat worked, and the flight attendants were nice, even though they didn't go the extra mile- everyone had to take care of their own carry-on and put it in the overhead bin. My special Halal meal was great, for both the main course and snack selectio\". My main course was similar to everyone else's in terms of presentation, but my snack was even better - instead of the Croque Monsieur Sandwich or Thai sandwich that the other passengers got, I got an awesome shrimp dish. The flight wasn't bad, per se, but if you're going to fly business class, there are many better airlines out there."
"London Heathrow to New Orleans via JFK, LGA, CLT, DFW, on Boeing 777-300ER, A321/319 and Canadair RJ900. I had a code share flight from Geneva with British Airways but I had to change terminal which meant clearing security again - American Airlines has very few European connections at Heathrow so I'd rather transit elsewhere, given the choice. While free wine and beer is a welcome addition in economy class, the food is still lacking in quality and served in little black boxes that give an industrial feel. Integration with US Airways is incomplete; I had a domestic flight segment operated with a US Airways flight number but an aircraft with American Airlines livery on the outside (and US Airways inside) and there was no way to know whether I'd have to pay for my luggage. It ended up costing me $25 from LGA to MSY - no prior warning (and another website that declared the charge would have been cheaper overall). Change of airport required for a connection in New York so I spent a few days there. Generally the cabin crew were pretty friendly and I appreciated the interiors in the new Boeing 777-300ER with individual IFE. On the way home, they would have wanted me to pay $25 to choose any other seat on my flight from MSY to DFW but the back row; $75 to choose anything but a middle seat between DFW and LHR. I thought this was stingy, especially since I checked in early. Also, when I tried to check in online, the AA website sent me to US Airways and then US Airways sent me back to AA. With my BA legs I had 3 different booking codes (I had to find the US Airways one from Check My Trip). Flight out of LGA was late - the captain never came on to explain why it took so long to taxi to the runway - but the crew were great, eg. making people change seats just before landing so that anyone with a tight connection got an aisle seat. Overall I felt that this experience was not bad; better than United but I would always choose a European Airline over American Airlines if I could. A lot of disabled people were helped by the ground crew which was good. While the apps were pretty bad in the sense that check in was hard and so was getting my own boarding pass - it's not possible to download it to the app. I did. however, appreciate the Wifi luggage checking facility - you can scan your baggage tag and see if your bags made it to the plane through the onboard wifi."
"I really enjoyed this airline. It was I'd say the cabin crew was 95.9% polite and I enjoyed the food. Since I was in economy, you'd normally think the legroom would have no leg-room. I thought there was plenty of space since I am of an average height. The toilets were great and the 9 hour flight was worth it. I would say they could've come round a bit more often, but other than that everything was great. I will be definitely taking this airline again."
"The new American Airlines business class on the Boeing 777 is very good with two exceptions. First, catering needs a serious upgrade. The food was barely edible, and I must admit although I like ice cream for dessert, my expectations are a bit higher when travelling business class on a long-haul flight. The so called \"Champagne\" is Prosecco, which is a fine Italian product, but not Champagne by a long shot. I would suggest that American Airlines should either offer the real thing, or call it Prosecco. My second exception has to do with the comfort of the seat. It is great for sleeping, but for day-time travel it is not very comfortable."
"This knocks spots off British Airways (same alliance). The business suites are much more private than Club World. The crew were friendly and the cabin was the right temperature. I was very impressed. There was virtually nothing I disliked about this flight and I will fly with them again."
"Very decent flight with excellent, personalized service. For an avid critic of AA most of my life, it is time to say that I truly believe this airline is changing for the good. There is still garbage on my seat pocket, lunch was almost not edible and WiFi remains far from great, but the human component of the service is genune and professional."
"Flew from SJO-DFW-AMS and got bit afraid to fly American due to all those bad reviews but didn't had any of all those. For starters their new triple 7 is a nice plane, even I flew in economy. For starters plenty of leg room, even for economy for a long haul flight. Entertainment system was ok, didn't had many movies that were my style but then again the fact that you could swipe over the screen to change between movies, games etc, was great. Food was poor, especialy the breakfast on the flight from SJO to DFW. Also switching between airplanes in DFW was awful but nothing American could do about. For the price I paid I got what I got expected nothing more, nothing less."
"I have had plenty reasons to complain in the past about traumatic AA flights, but my LAX-JFK flight was impeccable. Best service and attitude by crew in years on this route and fantastic seat, state-of-the art entertainment (good movies, not that great tv programs). Also a nice clean cabin, that made me forget the dirty experience of the 767s."
"Unlike the international flight I took from Europe with AA, this domestic flight was quite okay particularly because of very open cabin crew attitude. Everything else was just okay. Nothing extraordinary, but nothing that I should complain about."
"Excellent product. A first class experience. Check in, lounge,inflight service, entertainment and food all top class. Highly recommended. The seat comfort and personnel space is the aircrafts best feature. Their business class also has a very smart comfy feel."
"Flew to Hong Kong via Dallas and back. I had a nice conversation with a flight attendant in the rear of the plane while I couldn't sleep. People don't realize that there are more than one flight attendant available to serve drinks and some snacks during flight, not just during their meal times. American's level of service is very standard for major carriers like Delta and United both domestically and internationally. I find that the majority of the time when I'm traveling it is passengers who do not understand air travel that are most frequently angry or upset. Those of us who travel frequently understand, those that don't have no idea."
"I take this flight a few times a year and it is a good experience, however on my last flight the attendant went out of her way finding me a special meal and going over and above with her service. She changed my bad mood into a great mood and I wanted to thank her!"
"Verified Review | Raleigh Durham to Boston. Flew Delta on three segments in early October. All flights were on CRJ-900 regional jets. Flights left and arrived on time. Crews generally pleasant and efficient. Pilot on the first flight (RDU-BOS) came into the cabin before departure to introduce himself and the crew and provide flight info - a nice touch. Seating tight but tolerable for a short flight. Planes in decent shape and reasonably clean. Delta had changed my routing after I purchased the tickets which was not an issue for me as the timing was essentially the same. However, they did not send an advisory on this but, fortunately, I double check reservations a couple of time before I travel so I caught the change. I did print out all my copies of the schedule to be on the safe side and this turned out to be useful. When we arrived in Toronto on the return leg, the computer system did not seem to recognize the revised booking. When we could not get our boarding passes and the agent questioned our booking, I had the documentation and, though it took about 15-20 minutes, she finally got us sorted out and printed our boarding passes. Of course, they did not work when we went to board our flight but the gate agent saw the correction and got us sorted out quickly. Everyone who worked on the issue was helpful which kept our stress levels (relatively) low."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles in Delta One is superb even on the 757 which is not quite as grand as the 767. Food, seats, entertainment and service are as good as it gets, JetBlue Mint is tops and this is right up there. Amazing flight attendants. LAX to Kona. Big downgrade, especially in seats. Barely first class qualified. Flight attendants have nothing to work with and do an amazing job in tight quarters with really mediocre food offerings. They made up for most of the shortcomings on this route."
"Verified Review | The flight attendants on my Delta flight going to Atlanta and returning home to Newark were some of the most caring I have seen. They took the time to make sure I was doing ok when I was having a tough time with my assigned seat and the flights. They went above and beyond expectations, and I am grateful for them during a rough time."
"Verified Review | One of the best flights I have been on! Two of the flight attendants spent time letting every passenger know their connecting gate in Detroit and how to navigate the Airport. This was amazing and appreciated by everyone. All attendants should be giving passengers this kind of service and she did it with a smile! Will continue to use Delta and hope the airlines train all employees to be like this! Great flight, #2807 4:59 from Laguardia to Detroit."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Detroit. I was apprehensive about travelling by Delta Air Lines but this was the best flight we have been on travelling to USA. Everything was perfect, the crew were friendly, food was delicious and the seating was really comfortable. Beats BA any day. Thank you Delta."
"Verified Review | Flew Edmonton to San Francisco via Seattle. What a pleasant surprise - a domestic US carrier that is working hard to improve customer service. Check in was efficient and staffed by helpful friendly people. Boarding was equally efficient. The flight attendants worked hard to deliver genuine service and nothing was ever a problem. This was my 5th and 6th flight with Delta Air Lines this year - I have been trying them after consistent issues with AA. Based on this experience I will be using them more often. They seem to be working to lift their game."
"Verified Review | New York to Lisbon, returning Dublin to new York. The price, despite being in summer season, was excellent, especially in comparison to most other options. The level of service was the best we've experienced in many years of travel. It begins with the cockpit crew and attendants greeting passengers on entrance to and departure from the flights. They seemed more personable and enthusiastic than is common, and communicated pride and pleasure in their work. The food was surprisingly good and plentiful, free beverages were varied and frequent. We counted two passes with hot towels and four involving beverages. The entertainment options were fresh and divergent.Finally, we were forced to return due to a member of family's medical emergency. Delta could not have been more supportive and considerate related to this circumstance. Delta has announced in this past week, the upcoming utilization of a system involving in flight wifi free of charges will be initiated in the near future."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Cleveland. Delta treated me great when I needed to return home 2 days earlier due to husband illness, they made it very simple and even though I had not purchased insurance they only had be pay a 50Dollar fee. Also no problems with boarding the flight, everyone was great."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Sydney. Delta had a 3x3x3 layout in economy class on this Boeing 777 on this flight from LA to Sydney. I had an economy comfort seat, which features more legroom and slightly more recline, both valuable assets on a 14 hours flight. The seat was comfortable, and I could catch some sleep. The service was decent. However, the food was rather sub-standard. I had a tasteless cheese ravioli dish. At least, I cannot complain regarding the amount of food available: Delta served a snack in the middle of the flight (sandwich, apple, cookie) and breakfast (French toast). Furthermore, they had a snack bar where you could serve yourself during the flight."
"Verified Review | Delta allowed me to change our destination due to Hurricane Irma free of charge, on the day of the flight. I see this as an extraordinarily positive gesture. Airplanes quite new, service reasonable. On national flights weaker refreshments. Overall good price-value ratio."
"Verified Review | Amsterdam to Seattle. I have to admit having read the reports on this site I wasn't looking forward to this flight but the service was very good, the flight attendants professional and helpful and food/drinks offered were good quality and well presented. Seat was comfortable. If I have a complaint the IFE film selection was not particularly my choice but there was enough I could pick from for the flight."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Portland. I had the pleasure of travelling to and from Portland with the same cabin crew. They were really efficient, friendly, helpful and informative, not only in terms of in flight support but also useful data and advice re our time in Oregon. Further, despite being very approachable they maintained a highly professional approach. In respect of the food, there was a good range on the menu and the \"hot food\" was actually hot. The only small downside re refreshments was that we were not provided with the usual pre-flight drink on our way back from Portland. Seating and in flight entertainment were fine though I did not find the flatbed particularly comfortable. My thanks to all the great cabin staff( and of course the pilots), for facilitating two enjoyable flights."
"Verified Review | Had a very pleasant flight with Delta from Atlanta to Bogot. Delta uses a narrow-body Boeing 757-200 for this flight, which features the same business class as in domestic flights. It has five rows with 2x2 recliner seats. But for a four-hour flight, this is perfectly sufficient. The service was very good, and the food was tasty. Delta usually has a meat and a vegetarian option on this flight. I had a salad, Ravioli with fresh vegetables and a fruit platter for desert. I could not have asked for more."
"Verified Review | We had very good customer service on our recent trip to Tampa! I was worried about traveling in light of the negative publicity surrounding different airlines, especially traveling with a 5 year old, a 2 year old and infant. Allowing us to board first and get settled was very helpful as well as allowing us to check car seats, strollers at no cost. But the best part was when we were coming back and my 2year old grandson had had enough refusing to buckle, wanting to get out of his seat, etc. We were in the very back seat next to the stewardesses seat. A lady sat beside him and held his hand and talked with him, got him cookies and juice, showed him pictures of her children while we were taking off and landing. She was so good and sweet with him! Really made our trip home less stressful and more enjoyable!"
"Verified Review | Fayetteville to Minneapolis. Being disabled with a broken ankle, I was dreading my flight to Minneapolis. At the gate I was pleased to be helped so efficiently and pleasantly by a personable lady attendant. Upon boarding the aircraft, we were met by a steward who made us feel very welcomed and was so helpful. During the flight, he and a stewardess went over and above to make my grandson (age 7) and I have a delightful trip. The plane was beautiful- very clean and well maintained. The captain was great about keeping us informed and the flight was on time and smooth! Thank you so much for such a pleasant surprise trip!"
"Verified Review | Flew Delta from Seattle to New Orleans via Atlanta. I chose this flight because the aircraft was internationally configured and that made the difference. It was fine but the aircraft interior seemed a bit beat up. The service was domestic of course and ok. Crew was fine. Flight was delayed two hours but assistance rebooking connection was handled well."
"Verified Review | Excellent service from ground staff. They use your name when scanning your boarding pass and I noticed they used everyone's surnames. Pretty impressive. Onboard flight attendants warm and cheerful. All flight attendants greeted me including those preparing the galley. Seat was a lie-flat with a Westin pillow and duvet, each individually wrapped. Great selection of movies, TV shows, games and music. Slept for most of the trip but woke for the landing service. Had beef bourguignon with mashed potatoes. Delicious! They also had laksa noodles which smelled good as well. Bathrooms clean and I like the blue LED mood lighting inside. Way to go Delta! The best international service from a US carrier so far."
"Verified Review | Victoria-Seattle-Atlanta-Washington (DCA), Delta Comfort+ class, outbound on 2 August 2017, returning 10 August, using points accumulated with KLM plus $400 in taxes and fees. In both directions, YYJ-SEA legs were served by SkyWest using CRJ-700 aircraft; SEA-ATL legs used B757 outbound and A321 for the return; ATL-DCA legs used A321s in both directions. For all legs, interior cabins were clean and modern (even the B757, a model that Boeing stopped manufacturing in 2003). A321s were brand-new, but nevertheless had the seating design problem of wasting several centimetres of available fuselage width owing to an unnecessary gap between the window-seat armrests and fuselage. A321s also had the new narrower washroom design. A pregnant or significantly overweight passenger would have difficulty turning around inside. Delta categorizes its passengers under many rubrics  Comfort Class, Comfort+ Class, Delta One Class, SkyPriority Class, Medallion Class, Premium Cabin, Main Cabin, and so on. The only clearly-named category I recognised was \"First Class\". I didn't think any of my flights had a \"First Class\", but, on one of my outbound flights, the gate agents nevertheless announced it as one of the groups for early boarding (even in advance of parents with small children and passengers using wheelchairs!). By the end of my trip, I discovered that my \"Comfort+ Class\" ticket was considered also to be in the \"Premium Cabin\" and \"SkyPriority Class\" categories, which all overlapped. A full set of definitions should have been provided as part of the ticket. IFE offered a decent selection of audio and video, but the categorisation made no sense: better to look for the full A-Z listing. For Comfort+ class, \"snacks\" were offered; but the only real food was a banana. Alcoholic beverages were supposed to be available without additional charge for Comfort+ passengers, but at no time did the FAs explicitly say so. Outbound, the ATL-DCA leg was cancelled, as were three other Delta flights that evening serving the same route. Delta apologised profusely, explaining that thunderstorms in the US northeast corridor had prevented flights from landing at DCA and mentioning air-traffic-control congestion as a contributing factor. Oddly, after I arrived in Washington the next day, friends told me they could recall no rain or thunderstorms in Washington the night before. Passengers on the cancelled flights were required to stay overnight at ATL at our own expense. Many passengers did their own rebooking of flights online. Only one Delta agent was present at the service counter near the gate to do rebooking in person. Nearby were Delta telephones where rebooking agents could be reached, but few people noticed them. For overnight lodging, Delta gave us a print-out saying that it had a \"negotiated rate\" with a nearby motor hotel, although it didn't make an outright recommendation. It was a seedy place, well worn and with visible damage to walls and fixtures. It is unwise for Delta to associate its name with that motor hotel. I had one G&T on the ATL-SEA return leg. The FA had no idea how the drink should be poured, even though I'd done my best to ask her to (i) give me a cup with a couple of ice cubes, then (ii) give me the little bottle of gin (they offered Bombay Sapphire), and then (iii) let me pour the tonic water as the last step. She kept giving me a combination of ice and tonic water first, for me to add the gin as the last step. My Grandma would be horrified."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Amsterdam via Atlanta. I am a Diamond Medallion, almost 2 million mile flyer. I have flown Delta forever and stand behind the company as (generally) nearly world-class. On this trip I really needed some help, asked for it, and was ignored by Delta. I flew FLL-ATL-AMS, travelling in Delta One and First Class, connecting in AMS to KLM for onward travel. I bought the flight on Delta.Com and despite have a 1:04 connection time in ATL did not see the timing as a problem. Bad weather in ATL delayed us and, oddly, FLL agents boarded the flight, then unboarded, then immediately reboarded the airplane. While in the terminal waiting to reboard I asked a Redcoat to notify ATL of my close connection and asked for meet and assist help upon arrival. I watched him type in the request and listened as he read it to me. We arrived in ATL on an A gate with 24 minutes to spare  my AMS departure was leaving from an E gate. Of course, no one was there to assist and the one gate agent had his hands full with normal gate arrival activities. While running to the connections train I saw on a departures board that the AMS flight, which had been showing on-time on the Delta mobile app, was now delayed 30 minutes. Not sure what to believe I hustled to the E gate, where boarding had not even begun. I am disappointed because on this trip I needed help from Delta and got blown off. As a passenger asking for help I hoped they would step up. I am hugely disappointed in their lack of response. Apparently loyalty is oneway only."
"Verified Review | We flew from Detroit, connected in JFK and final destination Punta Cana, upon arrival at the gate at JFK for the connecting flight via Delta we needed to check in at the gate because boarding passes were not available at departure city. The representatives were great and very professional at the JFK gate B22 - very patient and professional and got my and my wife to sit together even though the flight was already boarding upon our arrival at the gate."
"Verified Review | Boston to Detroit. Big shout out to the gentleman flight attendant who gave the whole plane a Vegas worthy magic show! Made the flight enjoyable and the whole plane was laughing the whole way it was awesome. I hope Delta hires more people like him who really take pride in their job!"
"Verified Review | New York LaGuardia to Sarasota. I was waiting to board and looked out the window and saw a Delta baggage handler throw each bag from the baggage truck onto the bag escalator. He was an able bodied young man- why does he need to throw the bags?? It shows a great disrespect and carelessness, and is not representative of the Delta I know and like. Please fix this attitude."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Salt Lake City. This is about the flight attendants on this flight. They were absolutely fantastic. I got extremely ill midway through the flight and they were ready and willing to help with whatever I needed: ginger ale, ice pack for my neck, snacks to settle my stomach. I spent most of my flight standing in the back in case and one of the women talked to me and helped take my mind off of how I was feeling. I am so grateful to those flight attendants. I'd fly Delta again simply because of them."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Orlando. We had a fantastic experience with Delta. My husband and I flew for the first time ever to get to our honeymoon cruise out of Orlando. Delta made the entire experience so easy and stress-free. They made sure we knew exactly where to go every step of the way, and we got to our gate plenty early. The flight attendants were kind and very helpful. We got to enjoy a snack and a drink on our flights to Orlando and back home. And the TV screens with games and movies made our flight home even more enjoyable. We are so grateful to Delta for making our first flying experience absolutely perfect, and we look forward to flying with them in the future."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to Detroit on the Boeing 747-400. First time flying with Delta Air Lines and having very low expectations with US carriers, I was surprised with Delta. The food, IFE, and ameneties provided were much better than expected. The two veteran crew serving my side were really friendly and interactive with passengers. The crew on the opposite aisle were grumpy and not smiling."
"Verified Review | Edmonton to Seattle. The flight was delayed for 5 hours. That was the worst part. We were promptly notified that there was a technical issue with the plane and that there would initially be a 30 minute delay. After 30 minutes we had to deplane. The flight crew was professional and extremely helpful. As soon as we got off the plane they were already distributing snacks, drinks, coloring books for the kids, and also some playing cards. Throughout the ordeal the station attendants were helpful, even when passenger tensions were rising, they remained professional. They even helped some passengers with connecting flights and got them on another flight. After the delay the flight crew were amazing. The pilots got out of the cockpit and addressed everyone face-to-face and apologized for the long delay, which to me showed a high sense of professionalism. The free alcoholic drinks in premium economy were excellent. The snacks were suffice for a short 60 minute flight, just some cookies and pretzels. The seats were highly comfortable and had excellent recline as well. There was no seatback entertainment, however, there were magazines provided. I highly recommend flying on Delta, they know how to treat their customers well."
"Verified Review | Washington to Los Angeles. Thanks Delta. My boyfriend and I will check to book with Delta first for the air excellent choice they give customer's - complimentary light dinner with 3 or 4 great choices, as well as snacks and beverage choices. We enjoyed the free headphones with a large selection of the latest movies and television shows, each seat has it's own tv. My boyfriend stated he is getting Delta Credit Card to earn flying points as well. Delta, thank you for treating us like human beings and not a cash machine. You stand out from the airlines want to nickel and dime and treat their customers as cash machines instead of human beings."
"Verified Review | New York to Orlando was the best short haul flight I've taken. Cabin crew were friendly, casual but efficient. I was amazed by the retrofitted cabin design and how bright it was. Overhead bin was massive and a carry-on suitcase could fit sitting on the side of the suitcase instead of flat as they normally do. I appreciated when the crew kindly reminded every passenger to get to their seat as soon as possible and move away from the aisle to speed up the boarding process, since we started boarding a few minutes behind the scheduled boarding time but arrived in Orlando 20min early. The entertainment system was very amazing and it's even better than those on long haul international flights. Big screen and a lot of movies to choose from. Free non-alcoholic beverage and snack is a common practice in US domestics flights. I will choose Delta again."
"Verified Review | Wonderful customer service. The customer service staff who serviced flight Delta 2414 from Las Vegas to Seattle on 22 June 2017 was amazing. This gentleman was polite and professional and was absolutely funny. I was also amazed that the pilot who was standing at the counter also spoke and joked with customers waiting for seat allocation. This is very refreshing and cool. The special treatment continued on the flight with very friendly flight attendants. The snacks provided on this domestic flight is better than what you get on a premium airline in Australia. I am very impressed with the service from all levels. Keep up the good work Delta. My family and I will definitely fly with Delta again."
"Verified Review | Dublin to Seattle via Boston. Amazing service from this flight. The crew were exceptional. There was a man that needed medical attention in the back of the plane and the crew asked overhead if any nurses or doctors could come back. I am an critical care nurse in Seattle, so both me and my sister (also a nurse in Seattle) went back to help. We spent about 15 minutes back there with the man (who turned out okay), but they took our seat numbers in case he needed any more medical attention. Later on in the flight, a flight attendant came by to take our name, email address and home address so that they could give us each a $100 voucher for our services. I was so touched. Delta was kind enough to not only express their gratitude but to give us a reward. Delta was already one of my favorite airlines because of the quality of the flights as well as the entertainment selection, but now they truly are my favorite airline."
"Verified Review | An early morning start at Dulles, check in was very smooth and boarding was orderly, the aircraft was old but the service was very good arrival at Atlanta was on time. Delta attendants at arrival were very helpful and courteous, our connection at Atlanta was distant, we had to go from terminal C all the way to terminal F and our flight to Honolulu was on time. We boarded an older A330-300, from it's registration number it was one of the old Northwest Airlines aircraft, but the layout of the Business First is the latest Delta product. Delta have an excellent record of their upkeep of their aircraft even if they are very old. The entertainment system worked well but the food was very poor. Again the service was professional and top notch. Arrival in Honolulu was ahead of time and we had a great view of the Big Island and Maui and towards landing we saw beautiful Waikiki."
"Verified Review | Flew Tampa to Raleigh-Durham. Kudos to Delta for going above and beyond. I bought tickets three months in advance for my mother and I to attend my nephew's graduation assuming prices would start to rise after that. To my surprise, fares lowered dramatically a few weeks after my purchase. I had originally purchased \"Main Economy\" tickets, Delta's middle tier in economy. Upon seeing the new lower prices, I called Delta who offered to upgrade us to Delta Comfort+, their top tier in economy which offers more legroom, advance boarding and guaranteed overhead bin space. The ticket price of the upgraded seats was lower than what I had paid for Main Economy and Delta's response was to issue each of us the $49 fare difference in vouchers for future travel (which we will definitely use this year before expiry) even though they were under no obligation to do so. My mother requires wheelchair assistance and this was handled flawlessly on both ends of both flights. Both flights left slightly late but arrived on time on the outbound and early on the return. Outbound seat very uncomfortable, return was fine. We had \"bulkhead\" seats both ways on these regional flights and as there is no wall separating First and Economy we were able to stow belongings under the First seat in front of us avoiding the bulkhead inconvenience of having to stow everything in the overhead. Crew polite, helpful and professional on both flights. On the return crew pilfered First snacks in order to provide my mother with a nut and seed free option. WiFi was provided though I did not attempt to use it so cannot comment on speed. If Delta continues to provide this level of service I will continue to fly with them."
"Verified Review | I had a family emergency and had to cancel my Washington to Akron via Detroit flight 18 hours prior to take off. I notified Delta customer service of my situation and with no questions asked, they cancelled my flight and awarded me with a full credit. I'm very pleased with Delta and their graciousness towards myself. They gave me one less thing to worry about. I definitely will go out of my way to fly only Delta in the future."
"Verified Review | Delta continues to be the best of the American legacy airlines. Check-in at Barcelona was easy and the gentleman who printed our boarding passes and took our baggage was very personable and made us feel very welcome. Business class seating was fine and service was efficient and pleasant. IFE was fine and I was able to watch two current movies during my flight. Food was fine and water and beverages available throughout the flight. Overall the flight was a pleasant experience."
"Verified Review | Delta Air Lines flight from Paris to Newark was smooth and pleasant. Efficient boarding, take off on time. Very good food: both meals and ice cream and bottle of water in between. FAs were swift and attentive. IFE with a very broad selection of movies/programs. The only downside was a quite old aircraft with all related issues (loose panels, exposed repaired details, drafts in the cabin), but the seat (economy) was surprisingly comfortable. I think Delta would gain many more credits with a newer fleet on the long range flights. In general very good impression. With 2 points subtracted for the aircraft cabin condition, I definitely recommend Delta for trans-atlantic travel."
"Verified Review | I can't express how wonderfully Delta has treated me and my family during this time of need. My father passed away suddenly and I needed a bereavement rate. They provided it with ease, saving my two sons $600 each over the price of another carrier. On the plane, they offered a selection of snacks including Kind bars which were a great alternative to pretzels. I was treated well by every member staff. I can't say enough about how great Delta is. When I fly in the future my choice will be Delta."
"Verified Review | Excellent flight from Rome to New York on Delta Air Lines. Check in at Rome was fast and efficient. The Business Class seat was extremely comfortable. The cabin staff and service was excellent, friendly and polite. The IFE had several choices between music, movies, ant TV. The inflight meals and beverages were outstanding with ample choices. This was an excellent experience with Delta and I will be happy to fly with them again in the future."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Singapore via Narita. Two wonderful flights proving American carriers can give equal or better service if they choose. Lounges, seats, staff, entertainment were all as close to perfect as it gets. Crews were different but very friendly and efficient on both legs. Bravo to Delta for picking up their game. They have won my loyalty."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Iron Mountain. My flight was cancelled and the Delta employee was amazingly patient and caring with figuring out the best route for each person on the cancelled flight. People were crying and upset but she held it together and did not get frustrated with anyone. She did an outstanding job and probably deserves to be paid way more than she is being paid. On the flight that I got switched to, all the staff were equally as helpful and patient. Delta hires good employees and this counts them as a trustworthy company in my opinion. If you have flight problems, Delta will take care of you well."
"Unverified | Little Rock to Flint. As a mother traveling with a 3 year old and 5 month old, I had a stroller and bags/carry on. The Delta staff was so helpful. Carried my bags to my seat. My connecting flight they moved my seat so I could have more room with the kids. I had flown other airlines recently instead of Delta. But after this experience I will be sticking with Delta from now on."
"Verified Review | May 11th 2017 DL1218, Atlanta to Los Angeles. Great service from three flight attendants who handled a medical emergency on board. Passenger behind me had a seizure and they were calm, listened to my direction (I'm a RN) and very professional. Thank you Delta Air Lines."
"Verified Review | Dublin to New York. Best airline I have used. Me and my friend got lost in Dublin airort and missed the flight - two persons from Delta was looking for us everywere but it was too late. Can't find right words to express our disappointment. However, we were ofered another flight to Amsterdam, then to New York. The staff was incredibly nice and polite. We didn't had to pay another flight. On the flight with blankets, free drinks and delicious food. Movies and music. And really very nice and friendly staff."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Orlando. I was positively surprised by Delta's staff good attitude, not common in US carriers. Flight departed on time, seat comfort was acceptable with standard First domestic class pitch. Plane was clean and flight attendants were alert to serve during the short flight between Cancun and Orlando."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Los Angeles with Delta. The flight was more then fine but what I am happy to say is the quality with which they handled a 12 hour delay due to a sick pilot which was no ones fault. Every passenger was efficiently issued vouchers for a room at a five star hotel, a round trip taxi and meal vouchers. In addition Medallion members received 10,000 extra miles. Everyone was gracious, kind and efficient. Kudos to Delta Honolulu for their actions."
"Unverified | Delayed flight and express baggage transfer Delayed due to weather led to a late departure giving a really tight transfer at Minneapolis for onwards flight to Amsterdam and connecting to Bristol. They had about 35 minutes to make my onward flight and luckily that was not an issue. Did not expect my checked bag to make it and geared up for a late delivery once I got back to the UK. To give all at Minneapolis full credit that checked bag arrived at AMS and finally at Bristol. A job well done."
"Verified Review | Flew Indianapolis to Salt Lake City via Atlanta. Got the ticket at the airport because Frontier cancelled the original flight unexpectedly. First time flying US domestic with Delta Air Lines. Although the service was not as good as the International service with Delta, it was similar to other US airlines. Complementary drinks and snacks such as pretzels and peanuts are provided throughout the trip. The domestic inflight entertainment system is the same as the international IFE. However, headphones are not complementary unlike international routes which is not a big problem if you bring your own. Overall, Delta is a good airline for your travel needs."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Phoenix. As a first time Delta flyer, I was nervous because of bad reviews I've seen. But in reality, the airline was great. From the gate person to the customer service, all was excellent. The only bad thing was that I got off with sore knees because economy is not very accommodating for anyone above 5 foot 6. So if you're above average height, you may want to save up for First Class for that extra leg room. But otherwise, Delta was great!"
"Verified Review | Panama City to Appleton via Atlanta. Flying with a lap child was convenient. The staff was attentive and very sweet on all legs of our trip. It would have been helpful to have in flight entertainment included in the price of the ticket on the MD88 like on the A319 however. The A319 had headrest television with multiple options for children, the MD88 had no entertainment and a fee of 16 dollars to allow use of wifi. It was a short flight, however and our child was entertained with toys and l looking out the window. There was preboarding for us on all flights and no extra fee for her to fly."
"Unverified | Orlando to Detroit. I never write reviews, but this time I am. I had the best experience with Delta airlines last Saturday. I was flying with my two young children, who are both afraid to fly like their mother. The seats on Delta were very comfortable, roomy, actually had leg room. Plane also came with your own personal tablet/tv with a great variety of videos and movies to watch. The pilot continuously kept us informed, as occasionally there was some turbulence. The stewards very humorous and friendly. My son said after, \"mom I like flying\". I was very impressed from the time I drop my luggage off all the way to picking it up. Delta was a little more expensive then the other flights, but worth it. Thank you, as you have no idea what anxieties we had after our last flight with a different company."
"Verified Review | Excellent transcon on DL1290 from Atlanta to San Francisco in first class on a refurbished B757. Flight departed on time and arrived about 10 minutes late. Weather was forecast to be turbulent but pilot altered course and altitude to provide a smooth ride. First class flight attendant was first class. Friendly, energetic, and a pleasure to fly with. Service was fast, food was decent, and glasses were refilled. Noticed that wine is now served from a full bottle, which is a nice upgrade. The B757, while an oldie, had a completely new cabin with in-seat power, personal TV screen, and wifi. The wifi didn't work well on all four segments of my trip. Not sure if it is Delta's receivers, traffic load, or the fact that Gogo doesn't support their connection app anymore, but it took over 45 minutes to connect on each flight. (Gogo was great on Virgin America the week before). Fast gate arrival and my baggage was on the carousel at SFO before I made it to the arrivals level. Baggage was priority tagged and handled accordingly, except they ripped off my luggage ID tag. From chocks down to exiting the SFO parking garage was 5 minutes tops. Delta continues to be my first choice for long hauls from SFO, even though a connection is usually required."
"Verified Review | Delta Air Lines from New York JFK to Honolulu. Perfect from start to finish. International lie flat seat, good food, excellent entertainment but mostly a warm and efficient staff. Flights to Hawaii are often on old aircraft with bad food and crabby attendants. This flight was a joy. I hope this seasonal service is extended to year round. Delta really gets this one right."
"Verified Review | Guatemala City to Montreal via Atlanta on 1st February. The first leg we were in first class. The steward who served us from Guatemala City to Atlanta (DL910) was excellent. One could not ask for better service. We would like to pass this on to him and add it to his file. The rest of the flights were okay."
"Verified Review | Washington to New York. Delta Air Lines a great for a short haul flight because they gave me what I expect. Although there was no food because it is only short haul I never felt bored. The seat was good and it has enough legroom. The cabin is clean and the flight attendant funny and very accommodating."
"Verified Review | New York to Buffalo return. On both flights, check-in and luggage drop-off at the airports were a breeze with hardly any need to queue. Several check-in desks were available. On my return flight, I reached the airport about 1.5 hours to departure and again, there was no need to queue. There were many kiosks available for self check-ins. Baggage drop-off and counter check-ins all took place at the counters. I appreciated the ease of joining a single queue that handled both check-in and baggage drop-off. The customer service person attended to my check-in baggage, tagged it, and brought it straight to the conveyor belt behind the counter, all in one station. This was so much easier compared to another US airline I flew with last year, also out from JFK, where I had to join 3 separate queues at 3 separate stations: one for check-in, then another one to have my luggage weighed and tagged, and a third station to drop off my baggage. The areas surrounding these 3 stations were, needless to say, crowded. chaotic and messy. For the passengers, I cannot imagine it being a superior experience than having one station that handles everything from check-ins to luggage drop-off. Boarding for both flights were orderly and according to frequent flyer status, premium or economy seats and zones. The planes were small and did not have a lot of storage space was available but the airline allows passengers to place their larger hand carry bags at the aero bridge prior to boarding which were then brought by handlers to be loaded in the cargo hold. On the out-going flight, free pretzels, cookies or peanuts were offered to passengers in economy with free drinking water. On the return flight, there were free pretzels or cookies with free water, tea, coffee and I believe soft drinks too. The captains made announcements at the beginning of each flight on the traffic at the airport and the expected take off time. The outgoing flight was on time but the return flight experienced a 20 mins delays. Passengers were able to access entertainment programmes like movies, sticoms, etc, through their own devices by logging into Delta Studio using the wifi onboard. The access to the entertainment programme which had a good selection of American and foreign movies is free. This was my first short haul experience with Delta. I experienced a Europe-US flight with Delta last year on A KLM ticket which was a good one. I would definitely consider flying with Delta again if the ticket price is competitive."
"Verified Review | Denver to London return via Detroit outbound, and Minneapolis on return. Delta provided punctual flights, comfortable seats, acceptable food, and good cabin service. This review pertains only to the Detroit to London return flights. Delta Comfort seats had excellent legroom (I'm 6'3\") and width (weight 160) and cushioning. We sat in seats 17A/B both routes. In-flight entertainment was OK, but I prefer to watch iPad or do crosswords. Sleep was possible with the recline and own neck pillow, but it was fitful because I dislike sleeping sitting up. Cabin service impressed me. We received two meals, a snack, and at least three beverage rounds (drinks, coffee/tea, juice). Cabin crew were attentive and conscientious. We have flown British Airways and American Airlines internationally on this same route previously and were not impressed. Delta wins. I might add that the Detroit airport was great. We landed about 8:30pm and our flight departed 10pm. Very few people were in the terminal, but most shops were open for water, snacks, etc. It's a modern place."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Portland, Oregon with Delta Air Lines. First, my ticket said terminal 4, even though the departing terminal was terminal 2. Check-in was fine. Boarding Counter people were excellent. Plane was very clean, IFE was responsive. Flight Attendants were kind and helpful, and I especially love their new uniforms. Seat was nice, declined to 160 degrees, and was very cushioned. Steak and mashed potatoes with garlicky greens were better than delicious. For dessert, I had Italian ice in a plastic cup. All in all, very comfortable, very good flight. I recommend Delta Airlines."
"Verified Review | Over Christmas time I had flown 5 sectors on Delta. La Guardia to Winnipeg via Minneapolis, returning to San Francisco via Minneapolis, and then San Francisco to New York JFK. 4 out of 5 flights were on time, with even earlier arrival, one flight as delayed by 40 min, but we were advised by the delay. Excellent service at check-in, gate and on board. Cabin crew were attentive and drinks and snacks were served several time during flights. Good entertainment system onboard the longer flights from MSP to SFO and from SFO to JFK. Bags were delivered on the baggage belt in good amount of time. Will certainly fly with Delta again and recommend that other will do that as well."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Madrid via Atlanta. The flight from DFW to ATL boarded on time, the staff was very friendly with everyone. We got drink and snacks. Once we arrived at Atlanta I had to transfer to the international gates. The flight was pretty full the staff on this flight was outstanding, they started serving the drinks quickly then came out the food right after that. Overall a very smooth flight and they staff were very on point with keeping the drinks flowing to everyone."
"Verified Review | Flew from Amsterdam to Boston. Most Delta aircraft are aged but nicely refitted. The IFE is nice but movie selection and variety I have experienced better. In the aircraft's we have flown there were no power sockets. Attendants not the most courteous I have seen. Overall the price was excellent and seats were comfortable so the airline is worth it as partnering with Skyteam offers excellent flight combinations with partners airlines to and from USA."
"Verified Review | Stuttgart to Atlanta. Delta Air Lines messaged early morning about a flight delay which was appreciated. Flight had been oversold and when checking in online I was offered the opportunity to volunteer. Flight was completely full including a large bulldog used as a \"comfort dog.\" Cabin crew was somewhat senior but gracious, in the aisles to assist passengers as they boarded. Service began quickly and the welcoming attitudes continued with flight attendants engaging with passengers as services were offered. While there is nothing specific to tag as having made the flight good, it just was. Everything - food, entertainment, staff availability, even the seat - was comfortable. Delta economy class service outshines their SkyTeam partners and this flight was a perfect example."
"Verified Review | I wanted to take the time to recognize the Delta Staff that helped in making the start of my vacation an absolute dream! As a Stage 4 Breast Cancer patient they literally made the start of 2017, a start I will not forget! On January 2nd my friends and I were set to board a Delta flight from Chicago to Paris where we had a layover before getting to Dublin. I made Delta aware two months prior that I needed an accommodation made to have a seat in Bulk as I had just finished chemo in September and my oncologist wanted me up moving and stretching throughout the flight. Unfortunately, upon arriving to check in, I noticed that this hadn't been done, but explained my situation to them and they kindly placed me in an appropriate seat. Prior to boarding my name was called and they had decided to move me into business class. In addition when they found out I was flying with friends they moved their seats up to premium economy, so that I would be able to easily be able to walk up and down the aisles and talk with them. Throughout the flight the staff checked on me and my friends as well. Delta Airlines has a Breast Cancer Research Foundation and this is the first time that I've actually seen a company represent the Pink Ribbon so well! The staff didn't have to care about my situation or consider my friends in the mix, but they did and the fact that they made this flight what it was to me, means absolutely everything!"
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Salt Lake City. A very good flight with the attendants being very attentive. Food was as per airline food. Seats were a bit tired but for economy, but reasonable room. The screen for movies etc was not very responsive. Having said that, it was way better than American Airlines whom we flew to Salt Lake last year via Chicago."
"Verified Review | DL1598, Dec 25 I was traveling for the holidays with my husband from Seattle to Atlanta and we were in row 14 seats A&B. I started to not feel well from a cold and I had asked the steward if I may please have a tissue or napkin. He promptly replied that there were tissues in the bathroom. I said, Sir I know but I don't want to have to wake the women sleeping next to me and I really didn't feel well enough to get up and walk around at the moment. He repeated his statement about the tissues in the bathroom and walked away. This was the general attitude if we requested other things such as headphones we offered to buy for $2 (which they said was the price) but they never came back. My family has worked for Delta for 20 years and I have always favored this airline but as a paying customer traveling with my family this year this was a flight that certainly lacked respect and customer service which was incredibly disappointing."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Boise via Salt Lake City. I had an excellent experience with Delta. Easy boarding, staff were helpful, the plane was newly renovated and had one of the best in-flight entertainment systems I had used recently. I really enjoyed my trip, and the Delta staff went above and beyond as far as I was concerned."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Atlanta in First Class on a B737-900ER. Delta provides its domestic First Class passengers with premium lane privileges at security but not the use of its lounge. The aircraft was quite new and the cabin was in good condition. Seats had enough width but limited incline, as is the norm on most US domestic carriers. Each seat was fitted with an interactive monitor that was responsive and state-of-the-art. On-board service was friendly and efficient, and the food served better than average. The in-flight wifi service through gogo was $33 for the duration of the flight, which is ridiculous, but I still bought it. The lavatory was unusually small and given that this pane was just 2.6 years old, I wonder why they had to make it this uncomfortable. On the whole, a comfortable flight."
"Verified Review | Was due to fly from Asheville to St Louis via Atlanta. Kudos to ground staff of Delta Flight 5226 for working hard to get passengers revised flights after a delay. Staff were courteous, professional, patient, and went above and beyond to assist passengers. Thanks for the extra snacks and smiles. Delta folks in Asheville NC are top- notch."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to San Jose return on Delta Air Lines. Both sectors were operated by refitted neat and clean Boeing 757-200. Check in fast and friendly. LAX Delta Club not bad. However, DL provides no lounge for business pax in SJO. Both flights on time. Fantastic professional and friendly crew on board. They could not do enough for pax. IFE was excellent. The only criticism was the food. However, have had worse. Baggage was out fast in LAX and SJO. Price paid was competitive and worth every bit."
"Verified Review | Cedar Rapids to Grand Forks via Minneapolis. This is just a little kudos to the two Delta employees working in Minneapolis, gate A2. They created such an atmosphere of teamwork and positive attitude that I saw it spill put amongst the passengers. Real laughter, helping people, and I am impressed. Keep it up!"
"Verified Review | I planed a trip to Las Vegas and started searching for flights, most important for me was the flight time. It was my first time flying Delta and I and the rest of my family were positively surprised. Beginning from the ground service to the cabin I was impressed, the only thing I could say is that they could do with slightly better seats in economy class. Another thing I would like to point out is the ground service - lost and found items and damaged luggage. Unfortunately it happened to me that we lost important documents and my luggage was damaged. Delta contacted me right after we landed informing us that they found our documents and money. In terms of my damaged luggage, I made a claim, Delta responded in minutes, with a very professional service, returning the whole cost."
"Verified Review | Washington DC to Houston via Atlanta. Delayed start at Washington DC due to technical snag. but Delta let the passengers out of aircraft into terminal and provided refreshments. Due to about 90 mins delayed departure, my connecting flight to Houston missed, but was pleasantly surprised upon landing they were prepared to lodge us overnight and give the next day connecting flight with an apology. Liked the overnight stay in Atlanta in Holiday Inn, following day was promptly picked up from hotel to airport. Overall satisfied with Delta hospitality and sensitivity."
"Verified Review | Zurich to New York JFK. The travel went without a problem from the check-in to getting our luggage. I appreciate the level of consistency in the service. All personnel were professional and efficient. Airplane was clean and comfortable. Food and beverages were better than average and more than sufficient. The flight attendants were attentive and the pilots kept us informed. This is the standard I expect from Delta and I am rarely disappointed."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Kona with Delta. This was a good flight with one bizarre and inappropriate exception. First, the positive. Great friendly efficient staff on the ground and inflight. The overhead bins are the largest i've ever seen and for the first time ever in Hawaii the priority tagged luggage arrived first and in record time. In addition, the Kona ground staff were at luggage claim offering bottled water. Here's the bizarre twist. The first class meal offered was a cold processed sandwich with 3 slices of apple and a Saran wrapped cookie. The wonderful cabin crew was embarrassed and had no idea or explanation. I have flown this flight at least 20 times in the last few years and a hot meal was always offered. This is a 5 hour flight with a 5pm departure in a first class cabin. In addition for a while now Delta has been the only carrier offering wi-Fi between the mainland and Hawaii. Although the aircraft was equipped the service was not available. Again, the flight attendants were as mystified as myself. I thought the new aircraft was an upgrade from the 757?"
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Los Angeles with Delta in the Premium cabin. Of the old legacy carriers only Delta provides real service. On this internationally configured aircraft I was lucky to have private comfortable space and a lie flat seat. The meal was fine, the entertainment very good and the staff on the ground and in the air were amazing. Friendly, efficient and caring in the old school way. Miles ahead of UA and AA on the same and any route."
"Verified Review | Our family of four flew from Toronto to Philadelphia via Detroit in Nov 2016, and back again on the same segments. I believe it is the first time we've flown Delta, and we were impressed despite a few hiccups: In general the staff were professional and personable, there seemed to be a real priority on leaving/arriving on time, ground services were able to move passengers onto the plane in good time despite the challenges. Appreciated the free onboard movies and being able to download the gogo app real-time to play the movie, did not use Wi-Fi for Internet access. We got a super deal for this fare. Toronto to Detroit a smaller plane - we were all seated apart from each other, which was not optimal but we knew check-in seat assignment was a condition of the fare we purchased (just didn't realize it could be at the gate) - apparently our names were called at the gate but we did not hear the announcement, and by the time we got to the desk, these were the best seats we could get - one of my children is 10 years old, so I think the system should aim to seat a parent with a child that age or younger - seat assignments at the gate are a bit frustrating, you're in 1 line with a mix of customer issues which take a little to a lot of time to resolve - I stood in line for about 15 minutes only to be told that I would have to wait until my name was called - I was seated in a window seat, in row of two seats. When an obese passenger sat down beside me, I felt very squished (the passenger took ~ 1.5 seats) and I knew (being somewhat claustrophobic) that flying for an hour would not be a tolerable situation - I requested and was granted a seat change to a spare seat so that issue was resolved. However, I think Delta should have given this passenger two seats, it was unfair for both of us, and I'm not sure how the issue would have been resolved had there not been a spare empty seat. - flight was smooth and on time - we were very impressed Detroit to Philly - larger plane, we were able to check-in online and get these seat assignments then, we were all seated together, flight was on time - the landing was a bit hard. Return from Philly to Detroit we were unable to check-in online for some reason, and the error message said we should speak with a Special Services agent at the airport for check-in. It was strange, unlike the online check-in process Toronto-Philly, where I was able to check all four of us in, this time the system separated the two adults, and each child into a separate party - ie. we received three email notifications to check-in separately (which didn't work and we could not check-in online) - we had to speak with a Special Services agent, who was able to seat two of us together (adjacent aisle seats) and the other two in separate areas of the plane. Flight was smooth and on time, they were overbooked (probably due to the previous flight issue) but this issue was resolved. Detroit to Toronto there wasn't enough room to accommodate everyone at the gate area (I believe a previous flight had been cancelled) -the gate was small, seemed more like a hallway. The agent in Philly was able to seat 3 of us, we had to get 1 seat assigned at the gate - flight was delayed because there was a problem closing the cargo door - other than that the flight was smooth, great landing."
"I fly the Europe-Chicago route once to twice a year. I often fly AF-KLM and Delta was a very good surprise! I flew Delta on 23 October and my seat was 29F. Check in was fast since I was connecting in Amsterdam from a flight from Brussels. The aircraft was a 767 in a 2-3-2 layout. The pitch was average in the 31-32 inches and seats ok for economy. What came as a very good surprise was the meal and beverage service. We had a choice of 3 different dinners (one being vegetarian) and they came with an entre, salad, cheese and dessert. We had a mid-flight snack in a small box and a pre-arrival sandwich. We also had ice cream. Beverages were served often and each was given a bottle of water. Coffee was good and wine and beer was complimentary. I beleive this was of my best economy class flights ever, better than Air France for sure. On the outbound flight, I had seat 10c on the Detroit-Amsterdam in an A330. Great legroom and worth the money. The ticket cost me 460 return and that inlcudes Comfort class from DTW to Amsterdam @ 89 one way. You can't find cheaper for Bru-Amst-MSP-Chicago-DTW-Ams-Brussels, and luggage was on time and no complain with my 15 kilo carry on either. Great experience and very kind staff."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Atlanta. Thank you Delta for your patience and understanding during our flight today. My son had a panic attack regarding flying and the flight attendants went out of their way to try to calm him for the remaining of the flight. They offered food, drinks, and headphones to calm him. They continued to check on us and was very patient. I can't thank you enough."
"Verified Review | I have been so impressed with Delta on our flight from Rome to Detroit, the inflight staff were awesome. They remembered the drinks we typically order, they actually smiled at us. The food was pretty decent as far as flight meals go. And on our long flights they kept us well hydrated and well fed. Finally, when we needed to ask questions at the ticket counter, the staff was very kind and helpful. I did not feel like I was putting them out when I had questions. Thanks very much Delta. We will definitely fly with you again!"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tucson with Delta. Awesome! We missed our 11:55am flight. Delta rebooked 3 of us on the 5pm flight with 1 more in our party on that flight provisionally. The other 2 in our party booked on the 8:30pm flight, with the option of asking for standby on the 5pm flight. We all got on the 5 pm flight, sitting in the last 2 rows, perfect for traveling with 2 kids, Not only that, but the flight attendant was absolutely super - got wings for the 3 year old and got him a visit to the cockpit when we landed. Kudos Delta."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Grand Cayman Island. I had flown 16 hours and had gone more than 2 days without sleep before getting on this last leg. Onboard I requested the flight attendant for warm water and she asked if I were alright and when I told her what I was going through she gave me a glass of ginger ale which worked instantly. What I love about Delta is just how cheerful their cabin staff were, going out of their way to make passengers happy."
"Verified Review | Flew from Los Angeles to Atlanta. I get to the Delta terminal at LA after a somewhat 11-hour flight, the self-check-in was easy and the staff were helpful, I dropped the baggage, the lady serving the counter was really helpful and the baggage drop itself was efficient. I went through TSA and into the terminal. The Delta terminal at LA would be an insult to 3rd world airports because there is absolutely nothing going on there. Unlike the competing American carrier's terminal where there is always music playing and all duty-free on one side, and all planes on the other so passengers can watch planes come and go, it kind of already made me hate the airline. The boarding was pretty efficient, and the cabin crew was the highlight of the experience. This was a red eye flight, and despite that the FA's kept making rounds of the cabin offering water, drinks, and snacks. In addition to that, they went out of their way to shuffle baggage in the cabin to make space without having to check them in. The flight on the plus side arrived 45 minutes early and I couldn't have been happier. The seat was really uncomfortable, and IFE was decent, but you have to press really hard to get it to respond. Other than that, I will fly Delta again in the future."
"I purchased first class tickets for a Delta Air Lines flight from New York JFK to Rapid City with a layover in Minneapolis . Then I get email that they changed equipment to an all economy flight from Minneapolis to Rapid city. Now for the first flight on October 4 at 11:40 am, the A319 was wonderful, the staff was available offering drinks. The meal that I had ordered was grilled chicken with a barley salad that included dried cranberries and walnuts, excellent meal. My husband had the sliders with fruit salad and potato salad, and said that it too was excellent. The movies were abundant and a wide variety. No complaints whatsoever. Now for the flight out of Minneapolis on the CRJ, the overhead couldn't hold a carry on bag with wheels. Unbelievably tiny, the seats were in good condition, but I was so unconfortable. They should retire these planes or make the overhead bins larger because my carry on fits in every overhead. When we arrived in Rapid city, our bag was the first to come out. I'll let you know if the return flight is as good. Just make sure for a CRJ flight, your carry on is small otherwise, check it in, that's why I gave this a 9 out of 10."
"San Francisco to Atlanta. I flew in for the birth of my grandson and after his birth there were complications and I had purchased a non changeable, non refundable ticket , but I called the airline to change the ticket and I was surprised when the supervisor said she could help. She managed to get my flight date and the city changed. She was very helpful and very pleasant. Delta personnel were very helpful and understanding. Thank you for excellent customer service."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Cincinatti with Delta. We were coming home after a cruise and our original flights were FLL to ATL to CVG. We were able to come to the airport earlier than we thought and went to check in at 12:05 for a 3pm flight. However, the lady at the counter said if we want to we could go in a direct flight to CVG that leaves at 12:30pm. We said sure and she printed new tickets for all 5 of us direct to CVG from FLL. We barely made it to the gate after going through TSA etc. We arrived in CVG before 3pm (even earlier than we were supposed to leave from FLL). So, I want to commend the quick thinking of the staff who was at the check-in counter at FLL. Also, during the flight to CVG we were given fruits and drinks, not once but twice. Much better service than even west to east coast flight on any domestic airline (economy)."
"Indianapolis to Rome return via Atlanta and Detroit. We flew first on the domestic segments and Delta One on the transatlantic segments. The flights were on time, the planes were clean with new interiors. The best thing about this trip was the service provided by all the flight attendants. It couldn't have been better. The attendants were all simply outstanding."
"After having a terrible experience with Alitalia going to Italy, it was so nice to get the service you pay for with Delta. We flew Venice to New York JFK. Left on time and arrived 40 minutes early which was nice because customs is a nightmare in NY. The service was wonderful. They constantly fed us and passed around with beverages. The A/C was just right. Alitalia it was so cold I felt like a piece of meat in a freezer. There seemed to be more room on the Boeing than the Airbus. Flight was good but the entertainment system was not working that well on our flight. But anyway that is the least of your worries when you are flying for 8 hours. It's all about being taken care of and flight attendants not having a nasty attitude. I would fly Delta again."
"Six segments with Delta Air Lines (one KLM codeshare in Europe), five were on time or early and the last was unavoidably delayed due to fog. Overall a good experience. I found the A330 business class seat to be extremely comfortable. Great for reading, screen time and for napping. AVOD was satisfying, movies included some classics, some new releases and a nice selection of non-US films with subtitles. Good mellow-music channel too. The ground and inflight staff were competent, efficient and a pleasure to deal with, which is my usual experience with Delta personnel. I am not a foodie, but I was not impressed with the catering. Perhaps too high expectations, given all the hype about celebrity chefs and the fancy menu. The first courses (starters, soups, salads) were great, the entrees were barely OK. Likewise the desserts. Wines were good. KLM from AMS to MAD first class is economy three-across seating with nobody seated in the middle, and it probably has some extra leg room. Food was good though."
"It was a bit of a hipcup at Heathrow as we were travelling to New York via Amsterdam and only after we checked in our luggage and were in the departure lounge we were notified that we were transfered to a direct flight. Wrong information was given to us as when we arrive to transfer point to have our new boarding passes that the flight was closed. The staff in the transfer were helpful and staff at the gate was brilliant, although I gave them hell (sorry) they were very helpul and corteous. We were notified prior taking off that the luggage will not be on board. Flight service was excellent. They were very apologetic all the way through and dome their best to none to put things right. Despite the initial impression I will fly Delta again. Comfortable seats and spacious. Great inflight entertaintment."
"Flew Delta from Detroit to Munich. Overall a good flight, the 767 has seen better days and its age shows with the AVOD system being very slow. Selection of movies was good and kept me reasonable entertained. The flight departed on time and arrived early, staff were friendly throughout the flight and came around often with drinks. The food served tasted good, the small snack that served as breakfast was ok but since they ran out of water they couldn't serve any coffee. Seat lacked padding and at the end of the flight my back paid the price."
"Purchasing ticket with Delta worked out cheaper then booking with Virgin. Flight with Virgin to and from Atlanta was very good. Delta flies MD90 from Atlanta to Daytona Beach, as a pilot in a previous life I found that very nostalgic and had to take a few pictures of this old bird. Ground staff at Atlanta all friendly and helpful. Last minute change of gate handled well and all passengers cheerful. Cabin crew worked hard on this 1hr flight. Landed on time. Will fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Philadelphia via Atlanta with Delta for business and here are my observations. Aircraft retrofitted and new and clean. Crew were friendly and gave good eye contact. Ground crew were also so kind and went out of their way to help us. All flights were on time - I was very impressed with Delta."
"Verified Review | Early flight from San Diego to Detroit was full. Flight departed a few minutes late but arrived early into DTW. Flight crew were friendly and came around frequently to sell food and beverages, although in this instance I didn't purchase anything. Plane was clean and the AVOD system was new with a wide range of movies. The seat offered plenty room even for economy. Only thing I can't understand, is that why after boarding the premium and loyalty passengers, they choose to go from front to back."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Salt Lake City. I was impressed by the staff on this flight. I had one passenger behind me having a serious panic attack. The flight attendants did everything to comfort her and help her in any way possible. The passenger sitting in front of her ( next to me) spoke rudely and disrepectfully about the poor lady having the panick attack only adding to the situation. The flight attendants asked politely for the women in front to move her seat forward in exchange for complimentary drinks the rest of the flight. To help the women feel more comfortable having the panic attack. The lady flat refused loudly and rudely. During all of this. As if they didnt have their hands full they had 3 different people who repetitively pressed the assistance button to demand alcholic beverages. One group pressed the button non stop for 5 minutes until they where helped. The flight attendant apologized and made them aware of the situation. So I applaud the flight attendants on this flight. I would never wish a group of customers like that on anyone."
"Verified Review | Munich to San Diego via Detroit. After reading all the reviews I had set the bar very low. As it turns out flying with them was painless. Seats were comfortable, although the domestic leg offered more leg room and a newer entertainment system than international. The staff although older than most carriers I've flown were friendly and professional. Selection of shows to watch was extensive with a very wide range to please most tastes. The only real down sides is that the touch screens on the 767 old and didn't respond that well. The other being the cold cabin on the international legs. The food offered was quite good. As far as the punctuality goes all flights left on time and arrived early."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Hong Kong with Delta. A very nice flight. Ground staff helped me to check in as the self-service kiosk couldn't cope with me taking a one-way flight, so got checked in super quick. Adequate and reasonable food. Plenty of alcohol. The FA just said started pouring the wine and said, 'You tell me when to stop'. Frequent offers of water throughout the flight. Plenty of movies to watch on the IFE. Good earphones. Polite FA's on the whole. Amenities kit provided. Flight left on time. No complaints at all."
"Verified Review | Flew from Vancouver to Washington DC via Minneapolis. I'm in shock. Although the A320 on this three hour flight is 18 years old the interior is completely refurbished, including panels and overhead bins. The seats are new and very comfy. Every seat has a power outlet. Even the lavatories are completely refurbished. Then came the meal. Glass glasses. Nicely patterned table cloth. Bamboo looking non-slip trays. Copious amounts of delicious food presented in an elegant way. Great red wine. Wonderful service. Add to that the great onboard free streamed entertainment system titled Online Delta Studio, which you can access on any of your devices, and an internet connection that actually works. I'm so impressed with Delta right now for this is an airline I despised, and rightfully so, for having some of the worse onboard experiences. But if they can maintain this experience and keep it consistent throughout all their flights, I'm ready to convert. An actual 5-star experience on one of the US legacy airlines. Never thought Id witness the day."
"Verified Review | RaleighDurham to Brussels via New York JFK with Delta. I had an great experience, particularly on the JFK to Brussels flight. The cabin staff, and especially the staff who served my meals, provided excellent care and was very attentive. It made my whole flight very enjoyable. I will definitely fly Delta again."
"Las Vegas to Orlanda via Atlanta - we were supposed to be on Delta flight 1450. I want to commend some of Delta's excellent employees. We were notified on our way to LAS via Delta phone app that our flight had been cancelled. We were pretty distraught, as we had been re-booked for a 6 am flight and were hoping to fly out that night and not have to stay in Vegas. I called the number for Delta and talked to a helpful agent who was able to get us on stand-by for the 1:00am flight, since our previous, 12:45am flight had been cancelled. When we got to baggage check-in, the staff made sure that we could get on the flight without being on standby. The flight left late however, so we did not make our connecting flight in Atlanta. They were able to get us on the next flight and we were still in Orlando about the same time we would've been had we made the cancelled flight."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Atlanta. Had a problem with my upgrade not showing on ticket. When I arrived at the counter to pre-check my bag, the staff was not only polite he had a smile on his face the entire time. That's a simple thing that is too often forgotten. But can make my choice of doing business with Delta a continuous success."
"Albuquerque to Seattle via Salt Lake City. Good flights, Boarding passes printed improperly so the TSA pre-check scanner could not scan them causing us to go through the normal line, which would be fine, except we tried to do pre-check in the first place. Time waste was 20 min due to TSA's confusion. Flight was good, Salt Lake was packed with people and incredibly uncomfortable. was a breeze, except for the traffic."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to San Salvador with Delta (Flight 729). The flight was onboard the newly retrofitted B757-200. The aircraft cabin was amazing. The seats were all new and clean, the mood lighting the overhead bins made the cabin look much more open and inviting. The flight crew was very helpful. All the flight attendants spoke Spanish and they assisted elderly and young passengers. The flight departed a couple minutes prior to scheduled and the captain kept everyone informed about the flight. Once airborne the flight attendants served us a sandwich, pretzels, cookies, and a snack size snickers with a beverage. This was good since the flight was a short international flight. Onboard every passenger also had access to inflight entertainment. The seats where more comfortable compared to the older B757s. Overall the Delta Air Lines experience has upgraded and was exceptional."
"Verified Review | Excellent service flying Delta domestic first class from Minneapolis to Omaha and flight landed early. Comfortable newer seats with the snappy red lined blue leather seats. Plenty of overhead space for my luggage. I am mid or top tier on three airlines in the US and travel multiples times a week for both business and leisure, so I feel I have a reasonable context from which to rate each experience."
"Really happy with our Delta flights. Flew from Dublin to Atlanta on a A330-300 which was comfortable and had adequate leg room (I'm 6ft 1). Drinks were served 4 times and we were served food 3 times. The cabin staff were more mature and I always find they are a little more professional. A smooth on time arrival and we waited 3 hrs for our connection to Orlando. For the second flight we flew on a brand new A321 aircraft, the captain telling everyone it was the second day in service. The seats were very comfortable in Economy class and even when the person in front reclines you lose very little space with the way these new seats recline. The flight was only 85 minutes and it was turbulent for most of the flight which caused the staff to stop serving drinks before getting to us. No big deal and we landed safely in Orlando MCO for a 25 day holiday. All good for Delta Air Lines from us and we enjoyed the same quality service on our return journey."
"Baltimore Washington to Atlanta. My first experience travelling on Delta Air Lines was very satisfying. I was going with hand luggage only therefore the check-in process worked perfect. Delta's Premium Economy are stylish as well as comfortable. Wifi is offered. No in seat screens but Delta Air Lines is offering entertainment via your own device - was working good. Crew on board was friendly and funny. My rating 7 out of 10 is only based on the very old aircraft!"
"Los Angeles to Sydney in Business class. Liked the Delta One Kerb entrance at LAX T5. Staff theree organised by boarding pass for SYD-MEL on Virgin Australia. while I had cold glass of orange juice in their 'lounge'. Whisked through security with a minimum of fuss and went upstairs to the lounge. That was modern and spacious with enough variety in the beers, spirits and wines. Lounge had shower facilities, Wifi was very fast. However, the food on offer is far below what is available in the lounges in the TBIT. Boarded about 20 minutes late then sat for an eternity before takeoff. Left LAX an hour late which we did not catch up on the 14 hour flight which was probably due to head winds. Meal after takeoff was poor so I left it and went to sleep. Lie flat beds are ok, if a little narrow. Pyjamas, two pillows and a great duna provided me with the creature comforts and enabled me to sleep for ten hours. I had seat 9A which was tucked away in the back of the first section. It seemed to be more private than the other seats. As mentioned in my earlier review, I am not a fan of the reverse herringbone layout. I'd prefer either herringbone or the more traditional forward seating. Breakfast was just OK. Overall, the whole experience was adequate but nowhere near outstanding."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Omaha via Minneapolis with Delta in First. Newly redone seats. Excellent service. A drink before we even departed. I am mid or top tier on 3 airlines in the US and travel multiples times a week for both business and leisure, so I feel I have a reasonable context from which to rate each experience."
"Salt Lake City to Atlanta with Delta. Very friendly and good service. My only complaint would be that the FA in First Class rarely cracked a smile when addressing passengers. However, he was friendly and constantly walked around to see if the passengers needed anything. This Boeing 737-9 was absolutely beautiful with a first rate inflight entertainment. The gate agent did announce that it was one of Delta's newer planes. It looked brand new. Of the major carriers in the US I would rate Delta \"ahead of the pack\". The flight departed and arrived on time."
"Verified Review | A bit of a late start due to mechanical, arrived on time with Delta Air Lines. Update announcements could have been more frequent. Decent amount of leg room for a small plane. Pleasant efficient cabin service. Short flight from Chicago to Cincinnati. Similar to other airlines with C700 equipment. I am mid or top tier on three airlines in the US and travel multiples times a week for both business and leisure, so I feel I have a reasonable context from which to rate each experience."
"Delta in my opinion, is the best american airline to fly transatlantic flights. Had a very cheap ticket for my vacation to Italy. On the first leg, I was seated in the very last row, and there was no window where I was sitting. The plane was very full, so I was not moved. The crew were nice and gave me extra snacks and drinks and apologized for the bad seat. The seats were rather uncomfortable, but they were tolerable for the flight time. Best part about the first leg was the IFE. Delta has free streaming from your device, so I was occupied during my entire flight. At JFK, we had a very short connection, of only 51 minutes, but the previous flight arrived 20 minutes early and the international flight left 20 minutes late, so we had plenty of time. Delta terminal at JFK, terminal 4, is nothing special, and lacks food options. The last leg, going to Pisa, was very good. The 757-200 is very good to fly transatlantic routes, and it had a new interior with mood lighting, IFE, and extremely comfortable seats. The touchscreen were very fast and responsive, with plenty of movies and other options. Dinner and drinks came out right away, and the options, the classic chicken or pasta, of which I chose chicken, was very good. Plenty of food and drinks to keep me satisfied throughout the 7 hour flight. I slept for 4 hours, which is a lot for me, I usually don't sleep on planes, but the seats were extremely comfortable. All the seats had USB and AC power, so I kept all my devices charged and ready for taking pictures. Flight arrived 20 minutes early, and all my baggage arrived, so I was very satisfied with this flight, much better experience than what can be found on American or United. Will definitely fly Delta and this route again."
"Verified Review | Wilmington to Portland (Maine) via La Guardia. Delta seems to be using a bait and switch booking for their flights. I booked this trip for my 90 year old parent and this is how she was treated. First early morning flight was canceled, no warning after she was already at the airport. Delta rebooked for the next morning. The next morning, the rebooked flight was canceled, again she was at the airport before they announced it. Delta rerouted her through multiple airports. It took another 12 hours to get to destination, so lost a full day and a half of vacation, plus the exhaustion and cost of multiple cab trips to and from the airport. Flight home, checked flight and said on time, got to airport - flight was canceled. Delta rebooked through another route. Got to second leg and connecting flight is canceled, so she is sitting at midnight in the airport, waiting again, exhausted. This makes 100% of Delta flights I booked, canceled after getting to the airport. ."
"Sydney to Los Angeles with Delta. Although each seat in business class has aisle access, the reverse herringbone seating is a bid off to me. I like to look out of the window but with the reverse herringbone layout, it is difficult. I'd like to see each window seat pointing towards rather than away from the window. Service was good. Food good, cheese and crackers was great. Entertainment options were very limited. Movie choices, television shows and music album choices were all disappointing. Seat was comfortable but a little narrow. Not much in the way of storage space. My phone went flat over the 13 hour flight when plugged into the USB port. I'd give Delta a 7/10 on this flight. Not bad but nowhere near as classy as the likes of Singapore, Cathay Pacific, Lufthansa, Asiana, etc."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Diego to Atlanta nonstop and had an overall good experience with Delta. Flight was delayed slightly (less than an hour) after boarding, but the captain was diligent in relaying the delay and reason for delay. Captain also relayed information about storm systems over Texas upon takeoff. Due to the storm, seat belt signs were on for a long time, but this was understandable. I booked online, and my assigned seat only changed when they switched aircraft sizes well before the actual departure date. Crew offered snacks/drinks two or three times during the 4 hour flight. We landed appx. 15 minutes late. I only had a carry-on so I have no knowledge of checked baggage for this particular flight."
"Sacramento to Washington National with Delta. I log 40-60k miles a year with DL, not tons but not nothing using several classes (upgrades to F, Y+, Y). While far from perfect, they are the better of the legacy US carriers. On the positive side they seem to be pretty consistently on time, or close enough. I've had tight connections in hubs and never a problem, even though I've had to sprint on occasion. SLC is best, then MSP, DTW. ATL is spotty, LAX is definitely a problem spot. The cabin crew is far, far better on the whole than United. Much more professional and caring, usually well put together. While it's impossible to use miles (like all carriers it seems), they offer decent perks for status. On the negative side, they change their schedule all the time. Like, weekly, but tend to firm up about 10 days out (so more planning than execution). It can be problematic when your tickets come from a company travel service, since you'll need to go through them to re-accommodate. Skyteam coordination is hit-and-miss. Seamless with KLM, pretty good with AF, disastrous with AZ, inexistent with CZ."
"Travelled recently on Delta to Paris CDG, opting for the EWR flight as the time was more convenient than the earlier departure from JFK (I was using Delta Sky Miles for this segment). The Delta \"rotunda\" at EWR is actually a near-pleasant experience. For one, the departure time, just after 9pm, means its the last Delta departure out of EWR for the day and the entire security experience to gate was hassle free. The Amsterdam flight departs much earlier, at 6.30pm. The boarding area is standard Delta fare. There is a small Duty Free shop, some relatively tidy bathrooms, and one sports bar in the long corridor that leads to the gates. Boarding was chaotic (flight was full) and plenty of additional passport checks were conducted at the gate. Flight push back was delayed 35-40 minutes due to a Sofia bound passenger that didn't board, and the luggage had to be removed from the hold. The plane was a 1991-build 767-300ER, which once flew for Gulf Air. Delta has done a nice job of renovating the interiors and even Economy Class was decent. AVOD was great as was the USB port to charge your phone. Meal service was nothing spectacular, but did the job for what is a 6 hour 30 minute flight. Cabin crew were efficient, relatively friendly. Plane was in great condition. Arrived 25 minutes late and was on the curb within 15 minutes. CDG is an awful airport but for a point to point flight, it works."
"Excellent and friendly service by the gate agent and flight attendants. My wife and I were greeted by name by the gate agent as we boarded. The FAs called us by name and constantly walked around to see if we needed anything. I would rate the food as above average. The fight departed Atlanta and landed on-time in Salt Lake City. Our luggage was delivered timely. The pilots kept the passengers informed during the flight. I would certainly rate Delta Air Lines higher than their competition."
"Verified Review | Denver to Manchester via New York JFK. Delta offer no lounge facility at Denver and nor do they offer any vouchers or other compensation for this - Not good enough. The airline brags a lot about its ability to stick to schedule and pulls one or two tricks to achieve this. We pulled back from the gate within a couple of minutes of schedule but then sat around for an age prior to taxiing. On time departure is calculated from pull back from gate, even if you go only a few feet. Service on board both sectors was excellent with very pleasant and efficient crew. Food offerings on both flights were very good and beverages were frequently offered. Denver to JFK was a midday flight and JFK to Manchester an overnight. Service on both flights was excellent. The lounge at JFK was welcoming and had a variety of hot and cold food on offer. Having eaten on the plane we did not bother with the offerings in the lounge. There is a complimentary bar service (you pay for premium and imported) with a good range of beverages supplemented by tea/coffee machines. The flat bed on both sectors was comfortable, IFE has a small selection compared to many airlines, not a problem for the overnight flight as I slept most of the trip. Bags were on the belt quickly in Manchester. Overall a good experience but Delta need to get lounge access at Denver."
"Verified Review | Though a frequent traveler this was my first experience with Delta flying from New Orleans to San Antonio via Atlanta. I found the staff courteous and professional. The aircraft carrier was very clean and comfortable. Unfortunately on my return the flight schedule got botched up because of bad weather in Atlanta. I had an international flight early the next morning, I went up to the service person who was prompt and courteous to re route me via Houston. He put me on United Airlines and I reached my destination 1 hour ahead of my actual itinerary."
"Delta Air Lines from Munich to Atlanta on an old Boeing 767-400ER, flight time 9:50. Pre-Boarding in MUC I was surprised by the captain stepping outside the plane and anouncing the flight infront of the whole B-Gates. Crew was nice and welcoming. I preordered veggie food and tasted like it was bought at a Wholefoods market. I have seen better Entertainment Systems with a wider selection of movies and TV shows, but it worked out fine for me and was easy to use. Atlanta serves as the biggest Delta Hub and makes it quite easy to transfer. It is the busiest airport in the world, though, so short connections are usually not reached. ATL to CVG was on a MD88, not the newest aircraft but clean and on time. It was full, so some passengers were offered to check their bags during boarding for free. Onboard service like any other domestic airline, but onboard WiFi seemed to have worked good. When I came to the baggage claim at CVG, my bags were already there, waiting for me. My flight back to MUC was from PHL on the new connection via DTW. Flight from PHL to DTW was on a Boeing 717-200 and delayed by 2 hours due to heavy thunderstorms in PHL and temporary airport closure during that time. Not Deltas fault and they seemed to do everything they could to rebook passengers with tight connections at DTW. Aircraft used was small and again packed full. Again basic service. DTW serves as Deltas second largest hub and is easy to get around since domestic and international Gates from Delta and partners are just across the hall. DTW-MUC again on an old B767-400ER, but with flawless service and nice selection of beers and wines even in Economy Basic. Also love the fact that the B767 has only two seats in the outer rows, which makes window seats even more attractive. Flight was only half full with plenty of room for sleeping. Flight time 8:20 hours with a landing 20 minutes earlier in Munich than scheduled. Based on the experience I will fly Delta to the US again, because DTW seems a good airport to enter US soil and connect to different cities."
"Verified Review | Delta is good for a US airline, but US airlines in general are not very impressive. I do prefer Delta to other US airlines, however. Flew Detroit to Shanghai. The leather seats are pretty nice, as they feel less dirty than the fabric seats can potentially be. The inflight entertainment had a pretty good selection, but the setup of the system was not the most convenient. In the economy cabin, you plug your headphones into the system itself rather than the armrest, thus if you need to let a passenger leave his seat, you have to unplug your headphones for him to do so. The food in economy class was just what you would expect of airplane food, nothing special. When boarding the plane, the cabin was disgustingly heated, as the air conditioning was not working very well on the ground. The air conditioning did work while in the air, however. The jumbo jet was among some of Delta's older aircraft, and Delta is planning to retire the remaining ones in their fleet by the end of next year."
"Verified Review | Bangkok to Indianapolis via Tokyo and Minneapolis with Delta Air Lines. Excellent lie-flat seats on both international sectors. Very roomy flat bed. Delta staff were professional and friendly. From Tokyo he captain talked to Business Class in person before take off. We know you paid a lot for these seats and we want to thank you for choosing Delta. You keep us in business.\" Then the spiel about the 4 pilots in the cockpit. Food very good. I ordered Lacto- Ovo Vegetarian meals. I arrived in Indianapolis on time and rested with all of my bags."
"Newport News to Denver return. I just want to say how pleased my husband and I are with the service we received by Delta. Our flight from Denver to Atlanta was delayed by over two hours, so we were going to miss our connecting flight from Atlanta to Newport News. The counter clerk in Denver was very kind, and went to work to see what she could do for us. She found us an earlier flight that allowed us to make it to our connecting flight in Atlanta. Had she not done that, our only other option would\"ve been staying overnight in Atlanta to catch a new connecting flight. She also upgraded us to first class, and we received VIP treatment during the flight. Additionally, during that flight from Denver to Atlanta, there was a flight attendant who went above and beyond in making sure we had everything we needed. I was very dehydrated when I boarded the plane, and she showed genuine empathy and concern. She made sure I did not run out of water the whole flight, and asked several times how I was feeling. By the time we landed, I had greatly improved in how I felt! This flight attendant on DL1916, May 16th 2016 was great. I can't say enough about her kindness!"
"London to Tampa via New York JFK with Delta Air Lines. Flights were all on time, aircraft clean and seating space adequate. Pleased to see the plane was only half full so passengers could move to other seats and I was lucky enough to have the 3 middle seats to myself. Food was ok, usual chicken or beef but could not describe what vegetable was with it, plenty of drink runs throughout the flight with bottles of water offered and nice to be offered beer, wine or spirits for free on the international sectors. Inflight entertainment was excellent with a good choice of latest box office movies, tv shows also available, as on previous occasions disappointed with the music selections available. I like the fact that you can reserve your seats on booking, unlike some airlines who charge for this, or won't let you confirm seats until 24 hours before departure. Third time I have flown Delta and as long as their fares remain competitive will book with them again."
"Verified Review | Roundtrip with Delta from Frankfurt to Las Vegas via Detroit and San Francisco to Frankfurt via Atlanta. Overall a good experience. All flights on time or even ahead of schedule. Transfers at Detroit and Atlanta were easy and smooth. Delta has well organised hubs with plenty of \"Need Help\" centers. Staff is fantastic from check-in to flight attendants, always friendly, attentive and willing to help. Long-haul flights were on an older B767-400, but cabin was modern and well maintained. IFE was good with a wide selection of movies, but only 4 (FRA-DTW) and 2 (ATL-FRA) in German language. Meals were tasty and beverage service very generous on intercontinental flights. Beer, wine and spirits were free, served in the biggest plastic cups I ever got in economy class! Also water cups or bottles were offered by cabin crew every 45-60 minutes. US flights were a bit different. Planes (B737-900) were new, with IFE at every seat. Some movies were free, some you had to pay for (6$). There were a lot of movies available in German language (20-25), more than on flights to Germany. Free drinks and snacks (pretzels, cookies, peanuts) were offered several times, but you have to pay for alcoholic beverages and \"real\" food. Food offers were expensive and selection was rather poor. There is a lack of fresh food (e.g. salad) or hot meals, most offers included industrial food like crackers and crisps. That was the only negative aspect of my journey, in total Delta offers a good product."
"Our Delta Air Lines flight out of Seattle to Bismarck was delayed five hours, but they switched our flights no problem and included free pizza before the one that was delayed! Never seen that before. And we got a $200 gift card for our trouble! The delay sucked but they really took care of us."
"Flew Six segments on Delta from Michigan to Honolulu via Los Angeles, five on time and one with a 30 minute delay, no missed connections. I remain very impressed with the Delta ground staff and onboard staff that I come in contact with. Always cordial and efficient. Besides the beverage cart pass in the first hour and last hour of all 4 to 6 hour flights, the attendants passed water and/or coffee at least twice. The domestic B767 aircraft was showing it's wear, particularly with the IFE, which worked OK at best, but it was clean and everything worked. The internationally configured B767 is very nice, with new, comfortable seats, a large screen and excellent movie choices (to and from HI they are complimentary). The one weakness was a flavorless Asian-inspired chicken wrap (so-called) that I purchased. I'm not sure why they settle for such mediocre catering."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Dublin return with Delta, and travel to and back the seats were changed, but still were able to not only stay in Premium Economy, but in the two seat arrangement. DUB to JFK was in bulkhead seats with great leg room, but the meal tray was an issue, should one be lets say on the heavier side; I had set up the seats a few months ago. Customer service on the phone upgrading to Premium Economy was easy. Flight was good, stewardesses were great, extra leg room and seat comfort with the pillow they supply was decent, movie selection was good, watched two going over, three coming back. I have a gluten intolerance and received my food a bit earlier and it was actually pretty decent. The priority check-in, especially at JFK with the shorter TSA line was really nice, the bottled water at check in was just a plus. Flying again in a few months in Premium Economy and looking forward to it, especially since the flight will be an A330."
"Felt like I hit the lottery with an internationally configured 767 from Honolulu to LA. With a lie flat seat I was already happy. Add to that a welcoming, friendly crew, very good food and a great video selection accompanied by very rare WI-FI over that section of the Pacific. LA to Vegas was short and sweet and comfortable with another warm group of attendants. Only negative comment is about the shabby Honolulu Airport which is not Delta's fault."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Frankfurt with Delta. Awesome service, flight attendants are helpful, polite and efficient. Flight entertainment is nice and the food was tasty. Flat bed seat was very comfy. Flying Delta airlines is always a nice experience. Ground crew is nice and willing to help. Lounge is nice and clean, with nice food selection."
"Verified Review | Delta is always an excellent experience I flew from New York JFK to Boston and found the flight crew nice and friendly. Even on a short flight the attention you get from the flight attendants was excellent. Seats were nice and comfortable, enough legroom and space. Ground crew were helpful. I have flown with many airlines and I still think Delta is one of the best."
"I flew Delta Air Lines on 2 economy class legs from Newark to Kansas City through Detroit on B717s. The aircraft's are a bit older but are kept in great shape, with comfortable enough seats. The crew were quite friendly and were prompt with their services and trash pickup. Both flights left and arrived on time, and with wifi on board there isn't much to complain about."
"Detroit to Las Vegas return with Delta. Chose economy comfort+ and very glad we did. Three of us had plenty of room and priority boarding. Both flights were smooth and pretty much on time. FA's were friendly on both trips but the outbound crew seemed to be a bit more attentive. Will fly Delta in the future."
"Verified Review | Seattle to New York with Delta Air Lines. My husband and I were extremely unhappy with the lack of food service on this transcontinental flight. We paid for Premium Economy with the understanding that there would be complimentary food included. I asked at the gate to be sure and was told we didn't have to bring any food on board. To add insult to injury, there is food included on flights to California. What kind of nonsense is this? The movie selection was only mediocre, in addition. We're not eager to fly Delta again, and we do make frequent trips to Seattle because we have family there. We're not giving Delta a good review with our friends either."
"Paris to Salt Lake City, and I would like to thank Delta for a fine experience over two long flights. Our group of 8 were well looked after by hard working efficient staff. Entertainment worked really well to help pass the time. Would be glad to fly with Delta again. Got a pleasant surprise as I've dreaded longer flights in the past"
"Minneapolis to Las Vegas and a very nice flight with Delta. Staff was nice and gave us drinks before takeoff. It was my first flight in first class and I didn't know what to expect. Delta provided a very high standard for me. Inflight entertainment was nice too. Good choice of movies and tv shows for all."
"I was impressed with the significant improvements in Delta's transatlantic service since the last time I flew them. The 767s, though old, now have personal IFE installed, with clear, sharp screens. Movie selection was good. Catering has improved as well, with decent wines and spirits served (instead of wine out of a box!). The food could be further improved however, and the bagel served for breakfast was memorably bad, rock-hard and cold. Crew were professional, though some of the more senior crew were on the brusque side. Overall, I was impressed on my flight from Atlanta to Paris that Delta's service is finally on par with the European carriers."
"My wife and I flew Delta from Spokane thru Seattle to Honolulu return and had a very good experience both ways. They ask for 15 people to check their carry-ons because of the full flight. When I went up, she noticed that we were not seated together and move us up to the bulkhead with greater legroom for the long flight. Very welcomed for my long legs. The flight attendants kept us watered and fed and were very pleasant. On the return trip, a similar thing happened, as I noticed we were assigned seats a row apart. I approached the countered and ask if we could possibly be moved to the preferred seats again without paying the $99 up charge, and she said no, but she would try to get us seated together. She came through with the extra legroom seats just before we boarded. Overall, a very good experience."
"We flew with Delta from Amsterdam to New York JFK and everything was fine, luckily the flight time was not that long, as the economy class was very crowded. The meal was ok, we had everything we needed including an IFE with latest movies. The landing at JFK was a bit rough, but no harm done. Would fly Delta again, I would say they are the most reliable US airline at this point."
"I flew with Delta Airlines in Feb 2016 from London to NYC return and the experience was positive. Our check in was quick with no delays and our flight ran to time. Our flight was only about 40% full and it was nice to have the extra space. Flight attendants friendly and attentive. We got given a blanket, pillow, eye mask and headphones. Each seat had a TV with a great choice of recent movies. We were given nuts and pretzels, biscuits, lunch (lasagne, salad, bread roll, cheese and biscuits), ice cream, brownies and cheese and ham bap. We were also offered drinks. I will be flying with Delta again, thank you for a great experience."
"London Heathrow to Las Vegas via Seattle, returning via Minneapolis in economy with Delta. Friendly crew offering excellent service on all flights. Food was of a good quality and very appetising. Onboard entertainment was excellent, lots of movie and TV choices available with complementary headsets on the international routes. Connections were quick and painless and information was clear."
"Very pleasant flight. Departed from Dublin on time and landed thirty minutes early in New York JFK. Cabin crew was bit rude toward an elderly passenger who was not able to lift her own cabin bag and fit it into the overhead compartment. Cabin Crew said that insurance wold not cover her sick leaves if she get injured by lifting the bag. Breakfast was very poor - only a really hard bread with cheese and a frozen orange juice with yogurt. Ticket was really cheap and my experience was good with Delta. I will fly with them again but the crew should be more polite and kind to passengers."
"San Antonio, TX to San Jose, Costa Rica. A volcano erupted in Costa Rica the day I was suppose to arrive causing my flight to delay twice because of ash in the air. The first night we were stuck in Atlanta and Delta provided us with discounts for nearby hotels and an overnight bag with toothpaste, toothbrush, brush, tshirt, etc. I chose to stay in the airport as the flight was rescheduled really early the next morning. The next morning while still in the air the pilot got word that the airport had not opened as planned so we had to land 4 hours away in the Liberia airport in Costa Rica. This would be a stressful situation for anyone in a foreign country without international calling to contact people back home. But instead of leaving us in Liberia until the ash cleared (which would've been like two days later) Delta helped make the situation easier by paying the fare for us to ride an air-conditioned charter bus all the way to our intended airport in San Juan. The airline was very clear and helpful throughout the situation. The rest of my trip went smoothly and so was my ride back home."
"Booked these Delta flights through the Virgin Atlantic web site travelling Heathrow to Palm Beach via Atlanta. No complaints whatsoever about the aircraft, check-in staff or onboard crew. In fact it was a pleasure to fly with Delta - the cabin crew on all flights were friendly, approachable and helpful. It is also nice to sit in business class seats which all face forwards. Entertainment system ok, great selection of films not so for the music. If you are planning to fly with Delta compare the prices on both Delta's web site and Virgin Atlantic's to ensure you get the best deal."
"Bozeman to San Diego via Salt Lake City. Kudos to the agent at Bozeman for helping me with a lost ID issue. He went above and beyond in getting me checked-in, advising me on TSA procedures and trying to help me recover the ID by contacting the rental car company which opened only after boarding call. He even came aboard the flight to make sure I had gotten my seat and to advise me of his efforts. Also, the flight crews were excellent too. Friendly, helpful and never once acted like the customers were a bother."
"Managua to Los Angeles. Nice flight, would not recommend upgrading to business class. Not a full flight and the seats were not significantly larger. If on this flight from Managua to LAX likely won't be full due to odd time of flight (2:02AM). Delta currently flies from LAX to Managua once a week. Great crew and flying experience otherwise. Pilots were super nice as were the crew helpful. Would not hesitate to travel with them again."
"Vancouver to Managua via LAX with Delta. Great flight, super easy and it felt reassuring to travel with a familiar airline to a new country for the first time. As a nervous flyer the cabin crew and pilots were amazing. Sat in 2D thus flight was worth the upgrade, no one sat next to me and the entertainment system was surprisingly updated with a great selection of movies. Meal was surprisingly good (vegetarian lasagna). Watched a movie and arrived in no time. Appreciative to the staff for making such an enjoyable experience."
"I had a fantastic experience with Delta Air Lines customer service today. When I deplaned in Atlanta I accidentally left my Kindle in the seat back pocket and didn't realize it until I boarded my next flight. I told an agent in ATL and gave her my information. 4 hours later when I landed, I had a phone call from an agent in TN saying they had my Kindle. A few minutes later they had my address and informed me it would be in the mail tomorrow! I was so impressed by their help and service!"
"New York JFK-Bermuda-JFK with Delta Air Lines. Seat reasonably comfortable for a less than 2 hour international flight on packed plane. Experienced staff onboard very welcoming. Check in with ease and courtesy. Security check tedious and lengthy - over one hour at Terminal 4 at JFK due to high passenger volume. Drink service both ways with tiny snack, 2 small cookies or pretzels and soft drinks, coffee or tea. Pilots informative. Barely space for overhead luggage but allowed two unchecked hand luggage. Entire experience far superior to American or United (both dreadful) on this route and equal to Jet Blue (which has more legroom than any of the other 3 airlines which fly New York City-Bermuda). Delay in boarding in Bermuda upon return due to late arrival of aircraft but announcements precise and apologetic"
"New York to Paris CDG with Delta Air Lines was a very pleasant flight. Staff were knowledgeable, friendly and hard working. Food was fine and enough. Drink was copiously in large cups. Compliment to the staff who asked regularly if we needed anything and nothing was too much to ask.!"
"Delta's B717-200s are probably my least favourite in its fleet. This type was used on my flight from Toronto to New York JFK. It really looked old inside and out. Boarding was on time and so was our arrival. The cabin crew were friendly and were smiling all the time. Snack was provided and it wasn't too bad. No IFE on this flight but it was okay. I enjoyed the view. I enjoyed the flight but it would have been better if a newer aircraft was used."
"Flying transatlantic is at least 7 hours so it is vital that you fly with a good airline. I was right to book Delta Air Lines on my way back to London Heathrow from New York JFK. I checked in using the Delta IOS app - very straightforward and efficient. Boarding was smooth and on time. The cabin crew were attentive and friendly. Other airlines must learn from Delta on this one. Most cabin crew from other airlines talk to you like a robot, mostly closed ended questions which is probably understandable when they are offering food for example. However, not all interactions must be of such nature. The food was great as well as the snacks. It did not look and taste horrible and cheap at all - a call out to Virgin Atlantic. It was a very comfortable and restful flight. I was impressed with Delta on their transatlantic products. I will definitely fly with them again."
"The Delta flight from Paris to Seattle on 20th January was one of the best flights I have had in a long time. The seats were comfortable, entertainment was great with lots of movie choices and meals offered were tasty and plenty. One main meal service and two snacks. Amazing cabin crew provided excellent service throughout the flight, with many drink service runs. The return flight from Detroit to Paris was most disappointing in comparison - with unfriendly crew, after meal service not seen again until an hour before landing in Paris. No drink runs and when I asked about the meal the reply was impatient and uncaring. It goes to show that the quality of the flight can vary according to the crew - what a stark contrast between the two flights!"
"Four segments on Delta, one on KLM and one on Air France on a return trip from Ford Airport to Delhi. The Delta experience was really solid, from the friendliness of ground and onboard staff to cleanliness of planes. I am partial to the A330 because the 2-4-2 seating feels less cramped than the 9 or 10 across seating in newer widebody aircraft. Seats reasonable for economy, AVOD had nice foreign film choices and everything worked. Food was OK at best, probably the weakest part of the experience but not bad. Checking into a Delta flight at CDG was a little puzzling due to using Air France desks. SkyTeam does a great job overall, though, getting Delta passengers beyond Europe."
"Early morning flight from Manila to Tokyo Narita on a 747 was something I did not expect. I last flew a 747 5 years ago, when CX used it quite a lot on the HKG-LHR route. I fell in love with the 747 again, thanks to the amazing Delta service. Their online check in was without frills, very straight forward. When I arrived at the airport in Manila, I was greeted by a battalion of Delta ground crew. They were all very helpful and attentive. One of them carried my bag to be weighed, whilst two of them assisted me with checking in on the self-service kiosks. I was only meant to check one bag (as it says on the ticket), but, they gave me the option to check my hand luggage, which turned out to be very convenient for me. We boarded on time. We were greeted by friendly cabin crew. I always select seats at the end of the plane because from a 3-4-3 configuration for example, the last 3-5 rows will only be 2-4-2. The flight was packed but the service was superb. What I really liked about this flight was the captain keeping us informed in a very transparent and friendly way, and not to mention the cabin crew keeping us comfortable, fed, and hydrated. The inflight entertainment was good. The food was good too. We arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule. This flight will probably the last flight I will have on a 747. Thank you Delta for making it a good experience."
"Great service from Seattle to Kona with Delta. Enjoyed the complimentary entertainment options. Would fly again in a heartbeat. Staff went out of their way to be sure that our needs were met the entire flight. Restrooms were kept clean. My son was excited to watch our flight on their touch screen map."
"We were supposed to return from Asia on Saturday the 23rd through JFK, but the winter storm had other ideas, so after spending a couple of days in airports and getting rerouted, I ended up purchasing tickets from Delta Air Lines just to get home. By the time we got to MSP we were tired hungry and much less than happy. But our last leg helped tremendously. The plane was a newer A319, and the flight crew was gracious, helpful and funny. The flight was smooth and early, and the plane had a great AVOD in each seat which helped the flight go quickly."
"Web check in fast and easy with Delta Air Lines for New York to San Juan flight. Security at JFK a bit slow but fine. Boarding on time, by areas. FA very nice, not much interaction but correct service. Both flights to and from SJU on time, early arrival. Comfortable seating in economy, personal IFE, nice selection of movies for a 4hr flight. Drinks and sandwich free of charge."
"When I went to check in for this flight (which connected in New York with an Air France Flight to Paris) the Delta check in people in Rochester told me that they needed my visa information to check in. I didn't have a visa, as I am getting it while I am in Europe. This seems like an oversight on the airline's part, but the people managed to get me checked in with another system. While on the flight, we were informed that since it was a short flight, no drinks would be served in economy (which was annoying). Other than that the aircraft was clean and we arrived in New York on time. The wifi on the flight did not work well enough for me to use the Delta app or Delta Studio."
"Maui to Los Angeles, and a first in almost 30 years of travel between Hawaii and the mainland was the working Wi-Fi. Pretty sure Delta is the only carrier offering this and only on certain aircraft. Cabin service was very good, although refurbished aircraft layout is odd with premium economy customers in the same cabin as first. What genius thought that was a good idea? Entertainment system was very good and food was pretty good. Seat pitch just barely ok for 6 hours. Lead flight attendant excelled at his job."
"The flight from La Guardia to Buffalo with Delta Air Lines was fast and cheap. Their ground services at the Delta terminal at New York LaGuardia are great, you could obtain free water, you could use their tablets and you are well informed. The flight itself could be recommended, the seats are very comfortable!"
"I've frequently flown First and Business Class on American Airlines so I was keen to experience Delta's Premium product, flying from Salt Lake City to Paris CDG. Beginning with the boarding process, we boarded slightly late. Then with no notice they started boarding us. I was welcomed on board and made my way to the seat. The seat and private space was smaller than I am used to from flying with AA, but it is also a smaller aircraft. The seat offered a full recline, duvet and pillow. I found the seat fairly comfortable and although there was a massage function, it wasn't very effective. I also found there to be very little space to store anything small in the seat. Additional there was no call button for the crew. I was provided an amenity kit which was a very nice Tumi case. After settling in I was offered a drink. The TV display was smaller than I expected with an adequate range of entertainment. The aircraft was WIFI equipped. After take-off I was offered a hot-towel and had my drink order taken, then served a very nice dinner which I could chose from a menu. I found the cabin crew of a very high standard, they went above and beyond and made sure every request was taken care of quickly. This was probably one of the most professional premium class crew I have had the pleasure of experiencing. Unfortunately for breakfast they had run out of the choice I wanted even though the cabin was only 1/4 full. Nonetheless the crew made sure they did whatever they could. I was particularly impressed that I was offered a selection of teas."
"Flew Delta Air Lines from Amsterdam to Seattle (A330), Seattle to Las Vegas (CR9) and Phoenix to Atlanta (Boeing 757-200). A solid 3 star performance. The flights were on time and clean planes. Edible food, but nothing to write home about. Coffee really bad - but than I think so of 95% of the coffee I get in the US, because I'm used to much stronger. Would use Delta again if price is right."
"Have flown Delta before and had problems, but this flight from Amsterdam to New York JFK was fine. Prompt service drinks not long after take off, good selection including spirits on the flight. Snacks served with drinks and then meal service after this. Another few drinks services, ice cream and a snack before landing. Crew were pleasant enough. Decent entertainment onboard with radio channels. On time flights and no delays."
"Honolulu to Los Angeles and a full red eye flight. The hard working crew were gracious and seats up front most comfortable. I passed on the meal so I could relax and enjoy the IFE. FAs helped a couple quiet their screaming infant who thankfully slept most of the way. Otherwise just a hassle free trip on Delta."
"Our family flew from LAX to BUF via ATL in first class and the service on both flights were outstanding. FA's were working and addressing passenger needs throughout the flight. The lunch served from LAX to ATL was delicious! The Delta app is easy and user friendly. You can even track your checked luggage while you travel. Delta's Glass Bottom feature is so cool. You can virtually see the cities and landmarks that you are passing over while you fly."
"London to Montego Bay via Atlanta with Delta Air Lines, and it was extremely satisfying service from London to Atlanta. The female cabin crew were amazing on that flight. Inflight entertainment was of a great standard even though lack of music options. Food tastes good and the drinks were coming to me, my family and all the other passengers on a continuous basis. Great flight. Definitely recommend Delta Air Lines."
"Paid for First per usual with Delta Air Line on my trip from Austin to Boston via Atlanta. Newer B737-900 to ATL. New seats, cabin was clean, IFE was very good via large screens in FC. Beverages only to ATL. Made trip to Term F. to experience the SKY Club there. Much better lounge with some decent food. Definitely worth the travel between terminals, if you have the time. International config B757 to Boston. Seats are okay, with lots of gadgets and somewhat narrow. I like the storage areas, as there are several and once again the IFE, on a very large screen was very good. A decent lunch, but still substandard in comparison to AA. Decent and professional flight attendants. All flights on time. First bag off. Not a bad trip at all. Overall good value and as I travel often I will travel again."
"London to Cancun via Atlanta. Brilliant service from cabin crew and extras offered - good food on the long haul stint of the trip to Atlanta. For an economy ticket I was very impressed. Nothing was an issue for service staff on the airplane. I wasn't too sure what to expect, but made a great start to my holiday. My only improvement would be made to the ground staff in London Heathrow who were okay but miserable."
"Delta Air Lines flight was on time, AMS-ATL, Boeing 747-400. Cabin crew were friendly, helpful, cheerful. Entertainment systems were very nice and had a big selection of movies. It was a pretty calm flight considering the flight was completely full but the flight attendants were quick and professional. Flight had delay of 1 hour, ATL-MEX, Boeing 737-700 but for a 3.5 hour flight it had an entertainment system at each seat, food was ok, flight attendants were friendly and cheerful."
"I usually fly business class, but on short hauls like this Tokyo Narita to Bangkok I can deal with economy. On the Delta Air Lines Boeing 767 you have seating of 2-3-2 in economy, so it is not bad with a companion. The plane is old, but was refurbished a few years ago so they have good AVOD. The food going and coming was actually good. The FA's were quick and efficient and even smiled. The economy seat gets hard on your lower back after 3 hours. Seat pitch was tolerable. Surprised that it all went well and was uneventful. Gogo in-flight wifi was not available. I do not think that the 767-300ER is a good one for business class. It looked really cramped."
"Our flight of 5 passengers including 1 infant and 2 young children from San Francisco to Toronto via Atlanta on Dec 28/15 was delayed by 3 hours which resulted in us missing our subsequent connection flight. Instead of letting us get on the delayed flight and letting the Atlanta staff deal with the connections which were all overbooked, the check-in counter staff put us at a hotel for the night and got us on a direct flight the following the morning. I have flown with 20+ airlines and traveled to 40+ countries. I am very impressed with Delta's courteous customer service and the thoughtful solution provided."
"I went on Delta to Seattle via Denver. The service was pretty good, even though the plane itself was small. The refreshments onboard was good enough for a 2hr 30 min flight. The pliot flew the plane well and gave us a soft landing at Tacoma Airport. Overall, Delta Airlines is a great airline."
"Inclement weather at my connection caused reroutes and significant delays, obviously very frustrating, but the Delta crews were professional and helpful throughout the ordeal - making sure we had drinks and snacks and even ordered pizzas for us when we were diverted to Huntsville to wait out the storm. Really pleased with the team members on each leg of my flight and in the terminals. They were so friendly and sincere despite the pushback they were likely getting from many passengers. Delta continues to make themselves my airline of choice. Thanks to the ATL and MSP based crews, appreciated you all today!"
"Our trip to Brussels started out in Austin, Texas with a short two hour flight to Atlanta, as per usual when flying transatlantic with Delta, you are usually directed through Atlanta, New York, or Detroit. The domestic first class seats were comfortable enough, and there was a charging port between the seats as well, however there was no inflight entertainment. We were offered snacks like peanuts, potato chips, and crackers out of a basket, and all drinks were free. However, because of the short length of the flight there was no meal service, and even some of the larger snacks like tapas were unavailable. The flight attendants were polite and nice, but they were not above and beyond, and didn't interact with the passengers more than they had to. As we were flying in the Delta One cabin international, we got free access to the Sky Club, however with so many people flying for the holidays, it was overly crowded, and a restaurant by our boarding gate was a much better option to spend our two hour layover. When the flight from Atlanta to Brussels finally boarded, we were promptly offered champagne or orange juice. There was a Westin pillow and comforter set, TUMI amenities kit with a pen, lip balm and lotion, eye mask, socks, tissues, mouthwash, and earplugs. After passengers were seated, attendants brought cashews and refilled our champagne. About an hour after take off dinner service included option of beef or cod. The inflight entertainment was rather limited with about 30 or so movies and a handful of television shows on seatback screens. The staff was friendly, but didn't quite go out of their way to do anything. When we arrived in Brussels, after a quick mix up at passport control, we were on our way after an enjoyable flight in relative comfort."
"Amsterdam to Tampa via Atlanta with Delta. I never thought I would write this about any airline but the food from Amsterdam to Atlanta was delicious. I had a couscous salad with chicken and it was great. The cabin crew was also nice and helpful. I'm very satisfied with Delta and look forward flying with them again."
"New Orleans to Toronto via Atlanta. As I was checking into my flight I noticed that my flight had changed and I was arriving about 90 minutes after I was initially meant to. I was flying home for the holidays and really wanted to be home as early as possible. I called Delta and the customer service woman was very kind and changed my flight for no extra charge (despite the change in flight times being slightly less than 90 minutes as is their policy) and I arrived home almost 2 hours earlier than I was originally supposed to!"
"Amsterdam to Newark. After having flown with Delta before we booked again this year, however the seats going to New York were poor. Although we checked in online the day before, we were not given a choice of seats and on arrival at the airport were allocated seats, right at the back of the plane near the toilets! During a long haul flight the queues for the toilet were constant and a disturbance, also being the last seats on the plane our choice of food was non existent as we had to have what was left. I contacted customer service at Delta from New York as I did not want the return flight to be as bad. I was informed that I should or could have chosen my seats when I booked online to begin with and this was on the website, which I have to confess I had not seen or noticed (but I will look out for it next time I book). I explained I was not happy and was offered seats further down the plane at a cost of $40.00 each (total of $160.00), I told the lady in customer services that I was unhappy that I had to pay an extra $160.00 for something I could have had for free and she very kindly spoke to her supervisor and waived the costs which was very good of Delta. I really want to point out to people as I had not noticed it that you can request seats as when booking to begin with which is quite obviously what most people are doing."
"Flew Delta Air Lines in First AUS-ATL-BOS. Flight to ATL on a newer B737-900 with Sky Interior. Nice Seats, a little less legroom, as Delta's domestic FC only has 37\" of pitch. Seat pretty comfortable, inflight entertainment is really good, on demand. No food service as this flight is 86 miles short of qualifying for breakfast, just drinks. Flight attendants were fine, yet hardly seen as once again, no real service. Hiked it to Terminal F to experience the Delta Sky Club there. This is a much better club, with some pretty good food offerings. ATL-BOS leg on a Intl configured B757, seat looks nice, is somewhat narrow, seat does not offer a full leg rest unless you recline into the full bed position., so a decent seat with a short leg rest, in the seated position. Lunch was a Turkey Pastrami sandwich, with bagged chips and a store bought wrapped cookie. Come on Delta, this is First Class, which, I pay for, as always, not an FF upgrade, prepackaged food for lunch. The food service is where Delta fails in comparison to American, my other preferred carrier. Delta's food tastes fine, yet presentation is totally lacking. Im Elite with Delta, American and Virgin America, Deltas gate employees tend to be very nice, but on board offering are not up to par."
"Mexico City to Nashville via Atlanta with Delta Air Lines. It was a good flight overall. In the four flights we arrived before the schedule time and thats always good, but I was unconfortable with the space between seats, theres not enough space to enjoy the time inthere. Also, some of the flight attendants werent as polite as the should be."
"Delta Air Lines business class from London LHR to New York JFK. Smooth checkin at T3 - I could not checkin on line, as if you are not an US Citizen or travel with Visa Waiver, but have a visa, you cannot checkin online - ridiculous. Virgin Atlantic Clubhouse was amazing and a pleasure to use. Boeing 767-400 has 1-2-1 configuration in Business Class, but seat is quite hard and very narrow, especially when reclined - it is hard to move when you sleep. Cabin crew was quite young and very friendly. Boiling hot hot towels (some passengers drop them on the floor, as it was hard to hold it). Surprisingly good food, average wine list (I'd expect more American wines), but Delta Sunrise Signature Cocktail was a hit. Excellent dessert cart. Very disappointing IFE - no blockbuster hits, just a few new movies, TV shows I've never heard of - simply, there was nothing to watch. Because of some turbulence there was no second service. Arrived on time. Generally, decent product, better than expected, very nice crew, but nothing special to remember except signature cocktail which was a hit."
"Flew Delta Air Lines from SAN-PHL with a layover in SLC and PHL-SAN with layover in AL. Gate agents were nice and got us onboard quickly, all flights were on time. Didn't purchase food on the plane, but drinks and snacks were given. Entertainment was only on longer flights but was good. My one complaint is that the TVs didn't have ABC which caused me to miss the Michigan-Ohio State game. I think thats an issue with ABC, because United and Jet Blue which use Directv also don't have ABC. (Delta uses Dish Network.) Staff were friendly throughout and seats were ok comfort wise."
"Living in Miami I fly the dreaded American Airlines 95% of the time, but thanks to their unusually high fares this year, and a spate of bad experiences, I switched to Delta for this trip. Unlike AA, I have zero \"privileges\" / status on DL, but even with that the flights were far better than what I have become accustomed to. Boarding on the two outbound and the two return segments went smoothly. Ground staff, and cabin staff were friendly, smiling, and even uttered words like \"please\" and \"thank you,\" which the AA employees forgot sometime back in the 1990s. Their uniforms were neat, clean and pressed. The boarding process, even in \"Zone 2,\" was organized and efficient, again in contrast to the priority boarding / rugby scrum I usually encounter at AA gates in Miami. DL pulls off boarding, somehow, with only one agent, which probably cuts labor costs and frees up more money for amenities like charging stations all over their Atlanta terminals. IS DL up to European or Asian standards? Probably not. But for the money, and a domestic US trip, this was a good value. I'll consider switching again in the future. A pleasant surprise!"
"Orlando to Rochester via Atlanta with Delta Air Lines. I had been visiting family in Florida when I had to go into the hospital for emergency surgery. Upon release we flew home. Every step of the way Delta employees went out of their way to make the trip as easy as possible. They were efficient and friendly, and made what could have been a painful trip totally smooth. Wheelchairs were waiting at every point; the flight attendants were caring and attentive, and our luggage was checked as a courtesy and was waiting for us when we arrived at baggage claim. We are very impressed and so grateful."
"Flew Delta in First from AUS to SAN, via SLC roundtrip. IM Silver with Delta, Platinum with AA and Gold with Virgin. Delta ranks third for their First Class offering. Seat pitch is the tightest at 37, the food options on flights under 900 miles is a snack basket. As a Sky Club member, in addition to Admirals Club membership, we used both. I feel Deltas Clubs are minimalistic in comparison. The bars are small and the food offering are somewhat amateurish. Dont get me wrong. Boarding was orderly and we did not have to wait due to Priority. The planes were clean, the seat cushion is comfortable. All our flights left on time and arrived on time. Breakfast served to SLC, a plate with a Bagel Breakfast Sandwich on it, a side dish with some fruit. The Quality and taste were fine, the meal just looked un substantial compared to my other proffered carriers. The flight attendant to SLC was pleasant, did his job quickly and sat and read for the remainder of the flight. The Flight to SAN had a very proactive flight crew, constantly in the aisle, refilling drinks and constantly passing the snack basket, with some decent offerings. The return flight to SLC offered again the snack basket and some wine. A somewhat cold, but very professional attendant served us on this leg. She performed her job very well. The last flight to Austin offered dinner. After my earlier in the week breakfast flight, I was not expecting much. I was surprised to be offered a perfectly cooked Fillet, with sides and a dinner roll. Desert sadly was a pre packed brownie (Really, Prepackaged in First). All in all Delta did its job, we were spot on time and our bags came out fairly quickly. The food offering are spares in compared to other, but what was offered was of decent quality. We fly a lot, hence the Elite status with (3) carriers. Delta, while still good, ii is still my 3rd choice. The inflight GoGo Entertainment failed completely on all four legs. We were glad we did not have to pay for it."
"Tokyo Narita to Singapore, and the Narita airport experience is very nice. Ground staff friendly and helpful. While waiting for boarding Delta has an area for economy class passengers in Narita Airport. I've found it very relaxing and comfortable because they do have a reclining chair which where you could take a nap (but just be mindful of your boarding time). Boarding was smooth, and onboard the flight attendants are very nice, especially the Japanese crews. The only regret on my experience is that the IFE is poor - they have limited movies to watch. Also, the blankets aren't really comfortable. But the meals are okay, and waiting for the baggage was quick on arrival."
"My daughter and I checked in online and were set to use our phones as our boarding passes. My daughter, for some reason didn't receive her text message. As we were discussing this, the curbside baggage check attendant, overheard us and told us not to worry, he's got us covered. Once he took our bags, he produced both of our boarding passes printed out. Since my phone died shortly after that, it really came in handy! Thank you so much for your outgoing, random act of thoughtful kindness! The Wifi was another issue - I paid for it, but never was able to get on."
"Delta Air Lines from Atlanta to Jacksonville. Flights in and outbound same day, DL 1258 and 1616. Both were MD-90's. The flights were fast. In the first case, I landed earlier than the scheduled landing time. On return, while we had to wait about 20 minutes to take off (for whatever reason), we still landed early. The only downside on the outbound flight was that the flight was so quick that beverage service couldn't be completed. Both flights were completely filled. However, by getting to the airport early for the return flight, I was able to get moved from a center seat to a window seat further up in coach class. The flight attendants were very polite and efficient."
"New York JFK to Amsterdam with Delta Air Lines. A medical emergency forced me to return to Hamburg earlier than booked. Delta was very supportive and changed my flight at no extra charge and without asking any unnecessary questions. Their service on the ground and in the air was excellent. Wheelchair assist worked well. Thank you Delta."
"Every airline has its bad days, but I have been very happy with the service on Delta Air Lines. I recently made an error in my booking and the agent on the phone fixed it immediately. Then it turns out the agent had double-booked me on the flight so I called again. I am still waiting for the refund to my credit card but thanks to their helpful and smart service reps, I feel fairly confident they will figure it out. Traveling is so stressful these days that good customer service on airlines means more to me than almost anything else besides safety."
"Our Delta Air Lines flights from Columbia to Seattle were close to flawless. All arrived ahead of schedule, so twice we had to wait about 15 minutes for a gate to become available. We traveled with just carry-on and were able to take our bags on-board even on full flights. We especially appreciated the overhead compartment valet service in Atlanta, our only experience. The Atlanta flight crew was also the most upbeat and friendly, but being fellow Southerners, perhaps that was the most familiar. Beverage service was often on our long flights. The only negative was a bit of crowding with an oversized passenger on a three seat row, but that couldn't be helped."
"I have not flown Delta in several years. Only because I find better prices on other airlines. I recently had the opportunity to fly Delta. I missed my connecting flight, but when I landed there was someone there to help me get another flight 30 minutes later. Their information was correct and informative. The desk person even checked to see if the original planes door had been locked. She then worked to get the next flight. The employees on and off the plane were so nice, polite and as helpful as you could ever want. They spoke with genuine politeness. They can cut your stress and truley make your trip relaxed and enjoyable. Thank you Delta."
"Delta Air Lines from Los Angeles to New York JFK. Check in efficient. Bought a day pass and used the DL Skyteam Lounge at LAX Terminal 5. Simple but good selection of food. Drinks had to be paid for. Wifi good. Able to use clean showers. Boarding on time. Flight operated by Boeing 767-300ER with updated interior. Left on time. Friendly Cockpit crew and cabin crew good. Since red eye flight slept most of the way. Crew did 2 services during flight offering beverages for anyone awake. Good IFE. Arrived early. No issues at all. Again super flight."
"SLC to ATL, Airbus 320. All staff were very friendly and professional. Boarding was orderly. The snacks offered in EC were very good. The food for sale was surprisingly good. My wife and I selected items that were in a brown paper bag and included 2 roast beef sandwiches, a bag of chips and cookies. My only complaint was that there was no IFE system. This could be that the flight was only 3 hours. Basically, I do not see much difference between first class and EC on Delta. I would say that I see more smiling faces from employees on Delta than on their competitors."
"New York JFK to Saint Martin return with Delta Air Lines. Check in good. Boarding process well managed. Prompt offer of beverage by engaging crew. Flights left on time and arrived 30 minutes before schedule. Both planes had personal IFE. Return Boeing 757-200 was a newer plane with new Boeing interior and comfy seats. Outbound flight meals were nice, return was so so. Efficient crew and who enjoyed their job. Pleasant and good experience."
"Take off on time. Good leg space - paid 64 per seat to upgrade to Delta+ which is the premium economy section. The one negative is that if you are not a regular flyer with the carrier, online check in is a pain as the seat options are terrible and you have to pay extra to sit together. However, once on board, was impressed with the service and the timeliness. Aircraft looked better than any BA aircraft I have flown on recently. Very friendly FAs. Very bumpy flight across the pond but the crew kept serving water and juice through the flight. Lunch was good. Entertainment options are limited. I would not hesitate flying them again."
"San Francisco to New York with Delta Air Lines, and very impressed all the way around. On the ground the Delta club was quite comfortable with a vast array of breakfast items: juice, good selection of fruits, bread, pastries, hot and cold cereals, espresso machine. The new Delta One seat is very good (obviously made by the same supplier for the SWISS business class long haul seats). It is lie flat and seats have direct aisle access. Service on board attentive and friendly. Food a notch above. The usual fruit selection and omelet, but Delta added a smoke salmon plate. Flight on time. IFE decent. On the whole I liked the product."
"It started off as a short delay because the captain didn't show up, the cabin crew were very nice and interacted with the passengers whilst the delay was on. Once we got going, the crew was amazing, young, etc. The uniforms and cabin were very up to date and nice. We arrived only 5 minutes later than our initial arrival time. The cookies and complementary beverages were great."
"My flight with Delta Air Lines from London to New York was good. Very nice flight attendants, nothing to say about the check in and airport experience as in transit. A nice IFE system, and food was ok. The only downside were the seats which were too small and not comfortable."
"I was very disappointed with my Delta Air Lines flight from Honolulu to Salt Lake City. The male flight attendant that serviced my area in First Class was rude and impatient conversing with me. I couldn't hear him as he was asking me a question about what I wanted to eat. He had to ask me three times due to my hard-of-hearing. He rolled his eyes, then strred at me for my answer as he asked, do you want meal? The person next to me overhead light did not work. My light switch worked her light. The male flight attendant kept telling the lady next to me how to touch the screen because, \"it's sensitive, just like me\". This is all done without a smile. How Rude!.And no can tell me that's Hawaii humor. Never during the flight did a flight attendant smile or have any gestures of kindness. One third of the way into the flight, my video screen didn't work. The flight tracker didn't work. I couldn't watch my video. When I told a female flight attendant she just said that she would, \"be sure to tell them to write it up\". No apology! So, I just stared at other peoples monitors without sound because I couldn't even read cause my light didn't work and my switch controlled the person sitting next to me! In defense of Delta. I had four other stops (back and forth) and they were all ok to good service."
"After being stranded by Hainan Airlines, Delta stepped up and not only was able to get me on a flight at a competitive rate, but I was surprised their quality of service, seat room and meals as well as waiting area accommodations were all superior to what I've been putting up with for years. Absolutely no doubt both my wife and I will do all our travels to China with Delta from now on, but they will get our recommendation at every opportunity."
"Travelled Delta Air Lines premium comfort from LHR to Seattle then returned to UK from Honolulu via Seattle three weeks later. Pleasantly surprised to see that the Honolulu Seattle leg of this trip only cost about 200 or so than the round trip flights from London to Seattle even though it is a five hour journey - perhaps because it is an internal USA flight and not international. Anyway, the first leg when off without a hitch, seat comfortable, food fine entertainment good. The trip from Hawaii to Seattle was overnight, a little less comfortable (it was an economy seat) than the trans Atlantic and packed as an early flight had been cancelled some months earlier. Myself and others offered to have our hand held put in the hold and this worked fine as these bags were the first ones off in Seattle. Third leg was going fine 'til we started take off down the runway. Whereupon the plane slowed and returned to the gate. Apparently a generator had failed so we de-planed and waited 3 hours for a replacement. We were kept informed all the time and given snacks and beverages. Just as about a 100 pizza boxes arrived they announced we could re board and off we went. Unfortunate delay but these things happen and otherwise a routine flight back across the pond. No problems with Delta."
"Used Delta Air Lines for the first time, flying from London to New York JFK in October 2015 and I was pleasantly surprised. The flight was on time, boarding was smooth. The supply of food, snack and drinks was really good. The quality of the food was pretty good and they serve pretty big portions too. The plane was a Boeing 767, seats in the economy section are pretty much standard, but more comfortable than other airlines I have used. Entertainment wise, there was a good selection of films and TV series to choose from. Overall it was a very good flight (better than my return flight with Virgin Atlantic) and I would use them again."
"I'm submitting this review because of what I thought was outstanding friendly and helpful ground and cabin staff during this trip from Los Angeles to Cincinnati via Dallas Fort Worth. This trip was remarkable for how polite, patient, and free-from-corporate-speak the ticket agent, gate agent, and cabin crew were to me - an experience I had not had with Delta in years past. My flights were punctual and the leg room was tight, but not unreasonable."
"Los Angeles to Las Vegas with Delta Air Lines. Punctual, comfortable and nice crew, and the flight fulfilled my expectations. The Boeing 717 is a nice and silent plane, especially if you fly first rows. No real catering was offered, but was else can you expect on a 45 minutes flight, just drinks and snacks service. The seats are comfortable, wide and with sufficient distance to the next row. Boarding process fluent and prompt take off. The SkyClub lounge in LAX is fantastic!"
"Delta Air Lines from London Heathrow to New York JFK. The seats in economy are a little cramped. My friend and I are 5ft 10 and 6f t3 and we felt squashed especially when the person in front reclined their chair. However, that was the only negative. The IFE had a good range of movies, and the food was satisfactory. The staff were very friendly and helpful. All in all, a good experience. Although, I will book exit row seats the next time. As long as you get to your destination safely, consider it a good flight."
"London Heathrow to Tampa via Atlanta return with Delta Air Lines. Only the return flight was delayed 45 minutes but captain passed through the cabin to apologise about the delay. Food was ok usual standard airline fare but choices available, beer and wine was free on the international flights. AVOD on transatlantic flights with a good choice of movies and tv shows, bit disappointed in the audio selection though and this could be improved. Flight attendants passed through the cabin regularly on drink runs offering water or orange juice. This is my fourth time flying Delta Air Lines and will continue to fly with them if their prices remain competitive,"
"Flew by Delta after a really long time. The aircraft used between SEA and Atlanta looked very new with video monitors for every seat and the mood lighting was very refreshing. The crew also greeted everyone pleasantly with a smile. All in all a much improved experience."
"Flights on time, attendants very courteous and helpful. In Columbus I explained to the Delta clerk that I was scheduled for knee replacement surgery and could I get a wheelchair in Atlanta to make my connecting flight. When I arrived I was met by a very friendly lady who zipped me thru the airport to my connecting flight. I would not have made it without her. I received the same service on the way back home. All luggage on time as well."
"I visited my daughter in June and the Delta Air Lines crew were very helpful and professional. I had recently had unexpected surgery earlier in the week and was having so much pain, I called and asked if I could have my flight moved up so I could go home earlier. After I gave them the information to prove my situation they were incredibly kind, and helped me move up the date. I again recently called them because I had purchased tickets for some family members and these had to be changed, and again were kind and refunded my tickets. They went above and beyond and I am very grateful for their kindness."
"After booking return flights from London to New York with Virgin Atlantic, I was informed that the outward leg of our journey was a Delta Air Lines codeshare flight. I had heard bad things about Delta but my flight with them was extremely pleasant. Food service was extremely prompt, despite sitting near the back of the plane, and the attendants were helpful. Large bottles of water were handed out regularly. As a nurse I was glad to see that they had taken their passenger's health and hydration to heart. It was a much better experience than the Virgin Atlantic flight on the return journey, where I was hungry and thirsty for much of the flight, and the entertainment system crashed multiple times!"
"We went up the Delta Air Lines gate agent and asked for an upgrade or the confirmation we had good seats, as we had missed a lot of sleep due to bad aircraft seats. The DL staff tried to help us out, and we ended up with a middle row (3 seats) for the two of us, which was excellent for us to get some rest on this 8 hour flight home. Boeing 767-400ER with a spacious cabin, comfortable seats, good looking interior and mostly friendly cabin crew. I didn't like the food served. From a quality standpoint it was good, but it just didn't taste good (pasta and chicken)."
"Philadelphia to Salt Lake City on a new Delta Air Lines A320 in Premium Economy. Seat was comfortable, plenty of leg room. Boarding not an issue. Full flight but only backpack so no big deal. Snack fine, Delta cookies, candy and drinks. FA's polite. Return was Boeing 757 from SLC to Detroit and A320 from Detroit to Philly. Again 320 was fine, the 757 was older, had not been upgraded so was pretty cramped. Service fine on all flights."
"On my Delta Air Lines flight to Philadelphia from Detroit, the flight attendants were excellent - attentive to passenger needs, upbeat and proactive. Their in-flight review of safety procedures contained a bit of humor, which we enjoyed. During the flight I accidentally pushed the \"call button\" - but I was helped to find the reading light in the dark and there was no criticism. A pleasant experience, after I had been humbled by TSA employees, who really do know how to make flying unpleasant. I cannot recall the names of these flight attendants, but I was on flight DL1749 on Sept. 19, 2015. Thanks!"
"An overall pleasant experience. I upgraded to Delta Comfort+ on the first leg of the journey and chose seats right behind first class bulkhead. There was more than ample leg room. The Comfort+ seats also recline a little further as well, and include priority boarding and free drinks. At ANC airport, there were several other airlines with lines that seemed to go on forever, I think one of them was American. There was no line for Delta and the check in agents were friendly. Flight left on time, landed in ATL on time, and our connecting fight to Miami in a different terminal also was on time. While the MD-80 on the second leg was clean, and seemed to have been refurbished, I do not enjoy flying on those older planes as the cabin pressure is horrible. All bags arrived. Overall again, a pleasant experience. Its nice that Delta serves snacks in economy as well."
"My son and I recently flew Delta Air Lines out of Harrisburg to Atlanta, then on to Denver. This was our 3rd annual trip, previously we flew another airline, this year it was Delta. All the staff were courteous and extremely friendly and helpful. It was refreshing and I would recommend Delta and it will be our airline of choice. All of our flights arrived ahead of time."
"Afternoon flight on Delta Air Lines from Reagan National to Minneapolis. Initial departure was delayed for a half hour (I did not ask the reason). This was offset by the pleasant service I received gateside. I had a complicated route to take, and I asked to check my carry on (and lo and behold, it arrived at my final destination at the same time I did!). The flight was generally uneventful, flight attendants were courteous, the seats were comfortable. I found the A320 to be a very comfortable plane for economy class, and despite my proximity to premium economy, I didn't see them get excessively pampered. Overall, an enjoyable trip. The plane was clean (if a bit rattly on touchdown), and I was overall comfortable."
"Delta Air Lines from Honolulu to Los Angeles on Boeing 767-300, and as this aircraft originated in Japan we were treated to an internationally configured aircraft which provided a comfortable and wonderful flight. The crew, especially the lead, were wonderful and efficient. Food and entertainment were also very good. A positive experience."
"Delta Air Lines flight from Panama to Atlanta left on time. No welcome greeting when boarding the plane as the stewardess preferred chatting with the pilots in the cockpit. The crew showed a clear lack of interest and were constantly chatting in the galley about their working conditions. They did not bother to close the separation curtain between the cabins during the flight so passengers from the main cabin were eventually queuing up for the business class toilet (why paying business fare?) Breakfast was excellent. The crew on the flight to Brussels was very friendly, very professional. Food was excellent. In spite of the old 767 plane, the business class cabin offers decent comfort, although the seats/beds are a bit cramped indeed. IFE is up to standard."
"We flew Delta Air Lines to New York from Manchester in August, and had a wonderful flight where we couldn't fault anything. The seats were comfortable, the inflight entertainment had everything you could want, food was great and the staff were excellent. The Purser on this flight took such great care of us."
"Returning home after a long holiday in the US, flying Delta Air Lines, Orlando to Amsterdam via Detroit. Departure from Orlando was delayed due to airport closure for lightning, the aircraft was an old Boeing 757-200 and age was clearly showing. There was no meal service even in first class, but the service was good, the Delta Airlines ground staff receiving the flight at Detroit were not interested in helping us with the connecting flight to Amsterdam - until one official at a different gate helped out. Detroit to Amsterdam flight was a newly refitted Boeing 767-400 with nice business class beds but the monitor screen was small and could not compare with competing airlines. I selected the vegetarian option on the food which was a cannelloni with goat cheese on a bed of spinach, a very bland and uncooked dish, the bottom half of the pasta was dry and hard there was a sprinkle of marinara sauce - not even enough to taste let alone to moisturize the pasta. Breakfast was a cereal which was OK. IFE selection was better than average on the international sector. Both sectors had a very good WIFI connection."
"MinneapolisSaint Paul to Seoul Incheon, and Delta Air Lines staff and service has continued to improve over the last year. Ground staff and flight crew were all friendly and attentive. Inflight entertainment options are among the best and I like that you can access it before you are airborne and after you land and are taxiing. Seats are not comfortable especially on a transpacific flight but the added legroom of Economy Comfort is worthwhile."
"Overall, we were pleasantly surprised by Delta's first class service from Lafayette to Montego Bay via Atlanta. Our LFT-ATL flight was operated with a Boeing 717 that appeared to be new inside, but was in fact a refurbished aircraft. The flight attendant greeted us warmly and professionally. There were pillows, blankets and bottled water at every seat in first class. On time departure and arrival. It would have been nice to have been served a hot breakfast snack on this 6:00am departure; however, only small snacks were offered. We made a quick 40 minute connection at ATL with no problem. Our ATL-MBJ flight was operated with an older Boeing 757-200 that had some age on it but was still in good condition with regard to first class cabin. Once again, we were greeted professionally and pillows, blankets, water at every first class seat. We were also greeted with a glass of sparkling wine. The breakfast burrito was pretty good as was fresh fruit served with breakfast. Beverages were kept topped up on a regular basis. Arrived just a few minutes late and our bags were among the first off the plane."
"It was good value for the money that I spent for this Delta Air Lines flight from Frankfurt to New York JFK. The new Business Elite Seats are good, the IFE seems to have some updates and run smoother than last time. You may complain that the lie-flat seat has a real narrow room for your feet, but value for money was good. I would have paid 200 more for Singapore Airlines on the same route, but I was too late. Delta is always a good option if you get a Z or J fare."
"There have been a lot of negative comments of Delta Air Lines business Elite seats and I initially thought of them as being overly critical, until I had a first hand experience on my recent flight from JFK to Moscow. The seats are narrow, but so are many other airlines. What I liked was the configuration with single seats in a zigzag pattern on either side of the plane giving privacy to single travelers. Not much storage space, though. It's the tunnel like part of the pod where one's legs go in when the seat is in full flat position. The space is so confined that it's impossible to keep the feet straight up, forcing a person to lie on one's back only, unable to bend knees, requiring a contortionist skills to attempt sleeping on the side. The feeling is actually of being forced into a very narrow coffin. I honestly could never imagine being so uncomfortable and claustrophobic on a plane. I wonder if anyone at Delta actually tested the seats before installing them, certainly would fire those responsible for the decision! It ruined an otherwise highly pleasant flight, with professional and attentive crew, good and tasty food and extensive entertainment choices."
"The connection was not managed by Delta but by its subsidiary Endeavor Air. The airplane was new and clean. I was skeptical about this company as it was the first time I flow it, but I have to admit it was very good. I will rate very low the ground service, thinking more about Delta than to Endeavor Air. Our original flight in the evening was cancelled and Delta did not provide any support to find an Hotel and to get at least a discounted fare."
"Inside the Delta aircraft the cabin has been renewed, each seat has TV screen with a large selection of films (I mean films in Italian ). The seat is comfortable and it is reclining. Cabin crew is very helpful and kind, but the food is not so good. Aircraft is quiet and they give you a pair of earplugs and an eye shade. I was satisfied by Delta Air Lines."
"Excellent service with Delta Air Lines. Plane food normally isn't enjoyable but thoroughly enjoyed on this flight. Staff were friendly and wished me a happy birthday while aboard. Entertainment variety was fantastic, and I would fly Delta again. Much better than Virgin Atlantic, plenty of leg space and very clean too."
"Biggest problem is the transit in Atlanta. What a hell. More than 1 hour in line for passport control. Running to catch the connecting flight. Delta Air Lines staff seem uninterested, not very unfriendly. In-flight entertainment of very low quality and the touch screen hardly worked."
"All in all, a very good flight. Yes, the aircraft is old but has been nicely retrofitted by Delta to include modern IFE (with a decent selection included), and fairly comfortable, if firm, seats (use the complimentary pillow as a backrest if you need extra comfort). I had a window seat in the 2-3-2 layout, so much less cramped than other widebody aircraft. The crew were friendly and welcoming, and delivered a full service throughout the flight. Also, great value considering it was booked just two months before. Would definitely fly Delta again."
"We took an afternoon flight and arrived close to midnight, though both planes were older 757-200 and did not have any personal entertainment system but you could see that the aircraft's were well maintained, the leather seats were all in good working condition and showed no age, though the food selection did not entertain vegans but the drink selection was very wide. The cabin staff were all helpful and the Internet was a huge plus. One of the nice things is we forgot one piece of cabin luggage on our first flight and we told the cabin staff of the second flight and they told operations and they transferred the piece to us so we where surorised to see it on the belt with our checked baggage."
"Flew DL2039, ATL to SEA in economy class on August 4 and DL2327, SEA to ATL in Comfort Plus on August 11. Flight attendant crew on both flights were engaging with the passengers and provided great service. Was able to purchase meals both ways, which were very good. Flights departed and arrived on time. Especially nice was the video on demand with a wide selection of programs to watch. Added cost of Comfort Plus was worth it, with priority boarding, upgraded free snack and free alcoholic beverages if desired."
"I liked the check-in systems when I reached PHL. When I boarded the plane, I sat in Premium Economy. There was no IFE on the flight, so I passed the time by sleeping and enjoying the view. Scheduled flight time was 2 hrs 17 mins from PHL to ATL. Once I arrived in ATL we went on The Plane Train from Concourse A to Concourse T where my flight from ATL to DFW was departing from. Unfortunately, the flight was delayed. It was supposed to depart at 11.30am local time but delayed to 12.16pm. Therefore the flight arrival in DFW was also delayed, from 12.45pm local time to 1.26pm. Scheduled flight time was 2 hrs 45 mins."
"I'm a loyal Diamond Delta customer that finds myself using United and other airlines of late. Delta has trimmed so many flights by day of week that I can't use them. Three weeks in a row I have gone elsewhere. Trying to book Detroit next week, a hub, and I can't because there are no seats. Delta Air Lines zeal to cut capacity means losing the loyalty of a very loyal customer."
"First time flying Delta. Cabin crew were very friendly and attentive. Food was average. Cabin door closed on time, but waited about half an hour before we left the ground, still arrived on time. Overall the flight was better than average except for the seat. I was in premium economy and when you recline the seat back, the seat itself also moves forward. This initially seemed like a nice reclined position. However with no foot rest, this position created severe strain on my low back, and gave me a backache. I thought it was a fluke. However the same thing happened on the return flight. I loathe taking extra paraphenilia on a plane for \"flight comfort\" but you might need to consider lumbar support for long haul flights on this plane. On return to the US, I went through the immigration kiosk and my bags were on the carousel 5 minutes later."
"I flew with Delta from Chicago O'hare to Pisa via Detroit and Amsterdam. Between the big three American airlines (United, AA, and Delta), Delta would be my favorite. On all the flights they were organized, fast and on-time. From Chicago to Detroit, which was flown on a crj900, lasted only an hour but they still handed out snacks and drinks. On that flight my family and I were put in Comfort+ for no extra charge. Comfort+ had very nice legroom and very good seat width. The long haul flight from Detroit to Amsterdam was flown with a 767-400, which is in my opinion the nicest plane that Delta flies. With a 2-3-2 layout and me traveling in a party of 3 made it so we traveled in the middle section and were still undisturbed by an extra person next to us. It made the entire flight feel a whole lot more private. The IFE systems were great and had plenty of movies to watch. Were left on time and arrived 20 minutes ahead of schedule. This made it super easy to catch my connection. At Amsterdam we had plenty of time to relax and explore the airport. We had to fly with Transavia, one of the low-cost carriers linked with KLM, and that was slightly chaotic in boarding but comfortable inflight. We arrived on time and I'm impressed with the quality of Delta."
"We had an early morning departure from Boseman Montana, we were a large family and we got a very helpful Delta Airlines check in staff. The flight in itself was nice, both legs were short but I was more comfortable with the older 757-200 seats from Salt Lake City to Las Vegas but they were quite similar, since they were both short flights. There was no meal service but a choice of pretzels or nuts or biscuits and the attendants were allowing us to have more than one thing. All bags came through without issue and on time."
"The original reservation was SJCATLBCN. Delta later modified my outbound flight and added a SEA stop between SJC and ATL, which added several hours to an already long trip, and this is the low point of my experience. SEA-ATL flight was delayed by 3 hours, and gate agents got us pizza and soft drinks, and alcohol was free during that delayed flight (delays happen, and these gate agents and FA's looked after us very well). Home-bound, ATL-SJC flight arrived 25 mins late. The other 3 flights were on time and uneventful. The check-in, gate, and onboard staff were friendly and efficient. I was surprised to be offered 3 choices for dinner on transatlantic flights, as well as a small mid-flight snack on BCNATL flight in economy class. Flight attendants were present through the flight. Seat-back screens provided great options for individual entertainment. The extra leg-room, boarding priority, and premium drink, are well worth the cost of a Comfort+ seat. I wish seats were wider but this is true of every airline I've flown in economy class. Luggage arrived on time. I will recommend this airline for international flights. I'm a former frequent flyer of United and American airlines, who never handled their flight delays nearly as reasonably and promptly as Delta did."
"Great airline! I booked with Virgin, but it turned out to be a codeshare. The IFE is considerably better than Virgin although the food wasn't as nice. I would gladly do it again."
"Excellent and friendly service with a smile from FA's. The Boeing 767 is the most comfortable aircraft flown by Delta as the seating is 2-3-2. I am able to sit next to my wife instead of sharing with a third person. Again, Delta continues to be a step above the other large airlines"
"It was my third flight with them this year. Quick flight from Winnipeg to Grand Rapids on July 17, and return on July 19. Smooth checking, boarding, clean aircrafts, on time departures and great service provided by ground and in flight personnel. Tickets a bit over priced, although at the same Delta provided great service. The only thing that could be improved are the snacks in economy."
"Got delayed from PAP, missed the connection and rerouted via MIA then ATL back to AMS. Delta agent in PAP was very helpful and put me on the flight I asked for, then Delta bumped me up to Business (Delta One). The new Delta BC with lie flat seat is really good. Window seats are even isolated (no passenger on the side). It is surrounded by the next seat which makes it a rather personal space. Having typically a low expectation of American carriers, the upgraded Delta BC is surprisingly good. Dinner is simple and well presented, service is quick and just what you need for a 7-8 hours flight. Connecting flight was slightly delayed but transit in ATL, is actually relatively easy and straight forward (from flight A to B in less than 15 min). I know it's no Asian carrier quality, but it is definitely changing my perception of US carrier and Delta seems on the right track to lift up its service. Will probably fly them again. Only negative point is arriving late in MIA there are hardly any Delta agents around (It's an AA airport!), so rebooking and hotel accommodation was tricky to figure. The Lost Luggage staff were very nice in fixing this quickly"
"I was warmly greeted on entering the aircraft. The service was excellent, always with a smile. However, the cabin was very warm and noisy (we were seated over the engines). My wife had a window seat while I had a middle seat. EC is worth the money. I purchased a snack box which was just enough to keep away hunger pains, but nothing to brag about. The WI FI did not function until 2 hours into flight. However, Delta is certainly better than their competitors."
"This the first time I have flown on Delta in 15 years, it was a short flight about three hours an early morning departure 6.50 am we arrived ahead of schedule, a very smooth flight with a very smooth landing. Our pre-order Muslim meal was delivered and it was a very filling and flavorful vegetarian sandwich. The cabin crew were very friendly and the entertainment system was very good. The seats left a lot to desire, a business class seat on flydubai was more comfortable which is a low cost airline, Delta need to look on upgrading these seats on their new orders from Airbus."
"BOS-CDG, overnight flight on the 11th July and code-shared with Air France. Check-in was done via the Fly Delta app and was simple enough, paid an extra 50 for exit row seats which I am conflicted about. On the one hand, a good investment to have some comfort (nobody thrusting their seat into your lap on a red eye) and it's good to be able to stake a claim to those seats without relying on luck, on the other hand they were right next to the bathroom so had to deal with people standing between my seat and the wall all night and there was also nowhere to store my bag. Boarding took a little longer than expected due to a group of very excitable French children coming home from a summer camp. They were very loud, boisterous and actually downright rude but the excellent crew put a quick stop to their antics once they were on the plane. Otherwise there were no delays. The flight itself was exemplary, the staff were attentive and wonderful. The entertainment system is well-stocked and of good quality, I also loved the genuinely entertaining and funny safety video. The food was adequate, although I wasn't a fan of the meagre breakfast. No complementary alcohol on a long-haul also struck me as a little stingy. Overall I'm pleased with my experience and would recommend Delta to others."
"Delta suprised us-we selected this airline because of the width of the seats. We flew Sydney to Calgary via LAX and Seattle on the first leg and then coming home LAX to Sydney. Check-in staff (queues moved quickly) and customer service was excellent at all airports. Cabin staff were efficient and friendly - meals were reasonable. Entertainment system was okay - enough to keep us occupied on the long flights. Only issue we had was when one of our bags didn't arrive in Calgary - spoke to service desk and staff assured us that it would be found. The next day we arrived at Banff and the bag had been delivered before us - well done."
"Flight was two hours late leaving, but once on board cabin crew were friendly, and each seat had individual IFE. Interior must have been recently upgraded, for a 767 it looked in fairly decent shape."
"Delta suprised us-we selected this airline because of the width of the seats. We flew Sydney to Calgary via LAX and Seattle on the first leg and then coming home LAX to Sydney. Check-in staff (queues moved quickly) and customer service was excellent at all airports. Cabin staff were efficient and friendly-meals were reasonable-in fact I quite liked them (I have eaten a lot worse). Entertainment system was okay-enough to keep us occupied on the long flights. Only issue we had was when one of our bags didn't arrive in Calgary-spoke to a staff member at the service desk and she assured us that it would be found. The next day we arrived at Banff and the bag had been delivered before us-well done."
"I was scheduled to fly SEA-SFO-JFK. Flight to SFO was delayed by 30 minutes, which meant I would miss my connecting flight to JFK. I was notified by emaila phone call and through the app that my flight was delayed. Within one click of the app, I was offered alternate flights, even alternate dates and airports without any extra charge. I was then rebooked to the nonstop flight departing an hour later but two hours earlier than I originally would have arrived. The agent at the SkyClub upgraded me to an exit row seat free of charge and apologized for the delay, which was minimal in the first place. The delay was handled extremely smoothly and I was rebooked, upgraded and taken care off within five minutes. The actual flight was good, on board a Boeing 737-900ER and despite being only a year old, the cabin was not properly cleaned and there was garbage on the seats. Legroom was excellent as there was no seat in front of me, although it was a bit hard to see the television - it was about six feet away, although DL was smart enough to put a remote control for these seats. Complimentary beverage served multiple times and buy onboard food options were decent. Flight attendants did their job, were quite friendly. Entertainment options excellent, with entire seasons of my favorite TV shows. WiFi was fast, although I recommend buying the 24-hour pass on the DL website or app as it's much more expensive onboard. Overall, a pleasant experience onboard but DL did a fantastic job handling the delay on the ground."
"AUS-LAX-SEA. I usually fly economy but decided to spring for first class as my traveling companion had never flown in that cabin before. It was nice to check bags with no fees! Boarding was efficient in AUS and it was a nice touch to be addressed by name. Boarding efficient and flight left on time. It was also nice to be offered a pre flight beverage, chose white wine served in a plastic cup. The first class bulkhead seats we had were spacious. Embraer 175s do not have ovens so lunch was a cold chicken orzo salad with an appetizer and desert served all at once. Many reviews indicate that crew was either rude or inattentive but my experience wasn't like that. The drinks were kept filled during the flight, food ample and tasty and the flight attendants were upbeat and social. Boarding in LAX was a mess as the gate was in the corner and no one listens when they tell you they board by zone. Once on board a pre flight beverage was offered and after take off they served dinner. On the LAX to SEA route, Delta has partnered with Luvo as part of upgrading food service in first class. The wrap and accompaniments were fresh and delicious. Drinks flowed and attendants were offered snacks and checked on customer needs. I had heard and Delta and its regional partners have worked to improve service and food and I was not disappointed."
"The terminal in SEA was unbelievably chaotic as it was a mix of overseas, Hawaii and cross country flights. There was very little seating and the place was cramped. Good thing we only had to be there for an hour. The SEA to MSP leg was on an older 767 with upgraded interior. This was the domestic version so first class was billed as business and the seats was packed in a bit tight. In any case, once again, we had a great experience. Pre-flight drinks and lunch were served. My companion and I had the cheese burger with dill potato salad, sliced cheese with fruit and a piece of raspberry cheese cake all served at once. For a lunch, it was rather hearty and was very filling. The flight attendant was a bit stuffy but she kept the drinks coming and was still attentive. Gin and tonics I had were strong so I limited myself to two and then switched to white wine. The MSP to AUS was just as pleasant. My companion had the ginger beef and I had rice with shrimp and sausage. Again a slightly stuffy attendant but nothing to get into a fuss about. Seats had ample space and the aircraft, though a bit old but was clean. One negative thing that was consistent on both the AUS-LAX-SEA and SEA-MSP-AUS flight was trash in the seat pockets. I imagine it is easy to overlook the seat pockets as fast as they have to turn the plane around but I still think an extra minute or two and it could easily be taken care of."
"I had a great trip from JFK to FCO. Comfortable seats, good food and a decent amount of legroom. Cabin staff were quite helpful, they provided lots of information about flight time, weather, traffic, and delay since there was a large amount of rain before my flight. Will fly with Delta again."
"I flew on this airline while on vacation in the USA. We were going from San Francisco to West Palm Beach via Atlanta. We first went from San Francisco to Atlanta and the staff were good. The plane had touch screens but some didn't work properly but were OK. The snacks were good especially the cookies. We reach Atlanta early so were in time for our next flight for West Palm Beach. The next flight was also good. The flight was short. Overall a very good airline."
"Prior to the trip, I chose the seat 15ABC on the first leg and 19ABC on the latter leg for my family. At HKG, I was told that all of us has been upgraded to Business Elite on both flights, 1A2A3A and 2ACD. It was a great experience."
"Flew from Atlanta to Los Angeles in order to connect with Air New Zealand to Auckland. I selected the economy comfort seats and found them to be very nice and the legroom more than I expected. What was interesting how the cabin was separated though not with a divider so it felt very exclusive. In addition, there was a blanket and headset for watching the back seat TV. We received other snacks as well as the other normal offerings. One thing that can be said is Delta is trying to improve its service and the fact that they still offer some type of snack with your drink is better than what you get from American and United."
"Many people have had negative reviews about Delta domestic flights. I had no problem with them. Compared to International airlines I've flown they don't come close. But for domestic they were superb. Great FA's, clean plane, and on time service. The seats aren't too bad, and the inflight entertainment system was pretty good. Overall a nice flight and I would choose them again if I had the chance."
"I often read negative reviews of Delta. I for one have found them to be by far the best of the legacy carriers. I always find the staff helpful and pleasant, both ground and cabin staff. My recent flight had a routing DSM/MSP/JFK/LHR. On arrival at MSP I realized that my connecting flight to JFK was delayed, making the JFK connection impossible. When I explained my dilemma to a very helpful Delta employee in the Delta Club room she immediately worked on getting both me and my luggage onto the MSP/LHR service. An ontime boarding took place and I was greeted with a smile by the cabin services manager. Once airborne dinner was served (a very reasonable meal) promptly allowing the maximum time for sleep. We arrived into LHR on time and I cleared immigration and customs in a little over 30 minutes from touchdown. Delta had done for me exactly what I had asked from them, a safe, pleasant, on time journey. All the staff that I encountered during this trip were friendly and responded positively to my needs. What more could I have asked for?"
"San Diego to ATL on June 30. Started with the airline offering free pizza in the gate area. Boarded the 737-900 and flight crews standing throughout the plane welcomed passengers with a pleasant greeting. Economy comfort seat was great with the extra legroom, would not have wanted to be in a regular economy seat for the 4 hour flight. Took off on time, good games, movies, TV shows on the large seatback screens. Flight crew stayed busy the whole time serving snacks and drinks with 2 or 3 runs at least. Landed in Atlanta on time in spite of the not so great weather. No complaints, I would recommend!"
"Aircraft a bit old but cabin crew were friendly and extremely helpful. A pleasant trip following a long haul from Sydney. The pre-flight safety brief was hilarious and a great attention grabber. Wish more airlines were as imaginative. Had heard some differing views about this airline but we were very pleasantly surprised."
"Had a pretty good experience with Delta. Had 5 persons in my party, 2 of which with lap children. We were in basic economy on the way to Tampa. The only complaint we had on the way out to Tampa was the crew weren't happy. On the flight back we upgraded our 3 seats to Comfort Plus which was much better. More leg room, better snacks and free alcohol. The flight crew was cheery and up beat making the flight easier."
"Left Minneapolis RT to San Jose in June. First Class RT paid ticket. On the flight out we were served a full breakfast. The food was actually not bad. Flight attendant was very attentive and quiet busy checking on all passengers. Did not disappear after the meal service. The flight back to Minneapolis was also excellent. Boarding was orderly in both directions. Lunch was a large salad. However, only one choice. It was a Salmon Salad. Quite a few of passengers turned it down, including me. I was surprised there were not at least 2 choices. Once again First class FA was great. Waiting to board in both directions, the checked baggage and the number of carry on is being abused. in both directions. People were checking bags that were huge. Not sure how they got past TSA. Gate Agents need to enforce bag sizes and the number of bags people try to drag on."
"I took my second trip with Delta and I must say I was definitely not disappointed. I flew with Delta last year and felt there was no need to change to a different airline. I flew from Indy to Phoenix via Minneapolis. The crews both at the gate and during the flight were professional and respectful. The big two thumbs I want to give is on my luggage in Phoenix. No sooner had I walked off the plane and down to the baggage claim carousel was I greeted by my bag arriving. Only thing I found average was the seat comfort, but granted I have never really cared about seat comfort."
"For a short haul flight like this one (7-8 hours each way), I try and save money by not booking business class, rather \"economy comfort\" on Delta. As usual, the service is perfunctory, the food not bad in and out of Narita, the seat fairly comfortable, and the entertainment of good quality with lots of choices. No drama on either flight. My only complaint that has never been addressed properly with Delta over the years is the horrible state of the lavatories. They are always left to fester for entire flights. I have never once seen an FA go in one to clean one. Delta is not \"special\" compared to other international carriers, but it's adequate and they have treated me well in the Skymiles program so far."
"Check in procedure was ok but slow. The flight was nice, with very good in-flight entertainment, and the flight attendants were very nice. The food wasn't great - but not the worst. The seats are comfortable and I had plenty of leg room."
"5/28/15 PVD-ATL-CAE 6/1/15 CAE-ATL-PVD. Flight was on time departing PVD. Had booked Economy+ and was lucky enough to have an empty middle seat. Got a free cocktail in Economy+. Unfortunately passengers ignore the signs that say bin space over those seats is reserved for Economy+ because when I boarded I had to use a bin 4 rows back which is annoying when deplaning. Got delayed about 25 minutes by weather before landing at ATL. Had to go straight to the gate for the next flight. Staff was very pleasant. ATL to CAE is less than 30 mins so there is no beverage service. Arrived at CAE about 50 mins before my scheduled flight from CAE to LGA. Got a text saying it was delayed 45 mins. I knew I would never make the connection to BOS. There was a flight boarding to ATL and I asked if they could get me there faster. They said they couldn't get me to BOS earlier but they could get me to PVD. They gave me a seat (and happily changed it when I asked for an aisle). No beverage service. CAE to ATL is killer at 7am! No Starbucks in Terminal C at ATL. Flight to PVD arrived 20 mins early and flight attendants were very pleasant."
"Delta will always be my first choice across the Atlantic and I have found them to be always even better than either BA or Virgin (who have themselves always provided excellent service). My latest flights were no exception. This is the second time I've flown from Heathrow to LAX in four months and both times the service has been great. Without doubt the friendliest cabin crew I have met the in-flight entertainment was good the food was okay and plentiful and the drinks and snacks kept coming. My first choice every time and whilst not the cheapest carrier it's certainly been the most reliable and pleasant to fly with."
"PDX-MSP-DCA-MSP-DCA: Clean aircraft's (B757 A320 MD90 B737-800). No IFE on the inbound flights but because I had a tablet I just connected to their wifi (without paying) and go to Delta Studio allowing me to stream movies for free. On the return flight the B737-800 was newly refurbished and had IFE with some good choice of videos. Snacks (to be purchased) are as usual awful. Flight crew polite and professional except the on the MSP-PDX leg where two flight attendants were more preoccupied by taking breaks than serving beverage in a professional manner. No delays on all segments."
"Honolulu - Narita Business. A very pleasant experience. Very comfortable private seat excellent entertainment and very good food on this nearly eight hour flight. Cabin crew could have been warmer but otherwise did an excellent attentive job. On time arrival speedy baggage delivery all added up to a very positive travel day."
"LAX-JFK-KEF return Comfort + on all four segments. The Sky Priority boarding and extra legroom were a real plus but the DL Comfort + seating does not compare to BA Premium Economy. The Levo wraps and frozen yoghurt bars on the two transcontinental flights were 100 times better than the coach dinner and lunch served on the two international segments. Appreciated the open bar on all four flights but not the wine from a box on JFK-KEF. The cabin crews were friendly and professional on all four flights and there was no wait for luggage in either KEF or LAX. The ancient 767 on the final JFK-LAX leg was too warm had poor ventilation and the VOD lacked the live Dish TV option. Boarding for JFK-LAX was chaotic."
"5/4/15 SMF-MSP Airbus A320 Economy Comfort legroom adequate service competent. Complaint: Delta does not post economy comfort fares on its website but as separate upgrades for each flight segment. Value for money rated at 1 because I traveled on an award ticket entertainment rated as 1 because the flight didn't have any. Legroom was slightly better than on previous Economy Comfort flights but recline was still minimal. Food for purchase was unappealing but the complimentary snacks and beverages were acceptable. I wouldn't recommend Delta because it seems to focus more on nickel and diming its passengers than in providing quality service."
"LAX-JFK-KEF return Comfort + on all four segments. The Sky Priority boarding and extra legroom were a real plus but the DL Comfort + seating does not compare to BA Premium Economy. The Levo wraps and frozen yoghurt bars on the two transcontinental flights were 100 times better than the coach dinner and lunch served on the two international segments. Appreciated the open bar on all four flights but not the wine from a box on JFK-KEF. The cabin crews were friendly and professional on all four flights and there was no wait for luggage in either KEF or LAX. The ancient 767 on the final JFK-LAX leg was too warm had poor ventilation and the VOD lacked the live Dish TV option. Boarding for JFK-LAX was chaotic."
"On 28 April 2015 my friend and I travelled from Fort Lauderdale Florida to Atlanta Georgia for our connecting flight to Manchester England UK. Due to storms in Florida our flight was delayed by an hour. Despite the pilot's best efforts we arrived at Atlanta B24 35 mins before our flight to England was due to take off. After running as fast as we could we arrived at the check-in desk 10 mins before the Virgin plane was due to depart (the airline was aware of the Florida delay). Despite the best efforts of all the personnel on duty they were unable to get us on the plane. Nevertheless not only did the staff stay with us to locate our baggage at B24 but tried and succeeded to get us on another plane to depart that night. Staff not only located our baggage but ensured it would be put on the new flight. To the lady who got us two seats on the Delta flight to Manchester via Amsterdam and the staff member accompanied us to E30 to make sure we were checked in and on our way home."
"Milwaukee WI to Atlanta GA - Panama City FL return. My mother and I traveled with a connecting flight in Atlanta. We requested wheelchair assistance ahead of time. We were met at every plane with the wheelchair and a very courteous staff member."
"Great service on this fight. YYZ-LGA LGA-ATL. Snack choices were nuts cookies or pretzels and a drink. On time flight both ways."
"Travelled from DUB-ATL-RSW on 22nd April 2015. Very good service from any Delta employee either check in or flight crew we had contact with. My wife and myself travel from DUB 3 or 4 times a year always with Delta to enjoy the Florida sunshine. We do on occasions treat ourselves to a trip up front and to a degree we are looking forward to the trip already booked for the end of Sept when we are using some of my wife's miles to upgrade. Everybody today worked well and provided a very good service on both flights and I would have no problem at all about saying that the Delta workers represented their company very well."
"DL 449 BOG-JFK business class. Awful Avianca lounge in BOG crowded and rude staffed. The aircraft was a 1980- vintage B757 unbelievable! Flight left 35 minutes late with no explanations. Although skypriority boarding was smooth the welcome sparkling wine was warm. No peanuts not even a napkin. Refills were offered by the rather friendly and respectful crew. Nice two course dinner with fair wine offer. Overall a nice experience which was ruined on the return JFK-BOG leg."
"Travelled from London Heathrow to Los Angeles in early April 2015. From the time of check-in the Delta staff were nothing but extremely helpful and obliging making the process super quick and easy. The flight itself was fantastic - unlimited drinks/alcohol (I had three very generous servings of red wine) and ample food. Hot towels were handed out at the beginning and end of the service while two meals were served during the 11-hour flight. If we required more drinks or food the staff were more than happy to oblige. The in-flight entertainment was also top notch - wonderfully wide selection of television shows and films. All in all a very pleasant experience - can't say the same for the subsequent LA > Vegas leg of the journey so will be sticking with Delta for intercontinental flights!"
"Shanghai Pudong-Tokyo Narita on old B767-300ER return on A330-300 both on time check-in/boarding very efficient lounge at Pudong Airport run by China Eastern which is always bad nothing to eat and over-crowded. Inflight food and drinks good considering it's a 2hr regional flight crew very polite and friendly. AVOD is amazing with lots latest movies."
"First time with Delta and very pleased with the result. Seat on the 767 worked fine if slowly and the flat bed was comfortable. This was enhanced by the excellent Westin pillow and duvet. The most comfortable pillow of any airline I have flown with. Food was excellent well presented and flavourful. Cabin crew were pleasant attentive and polite. The only bad thing I can report was the IFE system. It took five or maybe six attempts to make it work and the selection of movies was extremely limited. The small screen was not of great quality either. Flight was on time."
"JFK-NRT-SIN And back. Sky club at JFK was nice but wish food didn't need to be paid for. First flight was largely uneventful the seats were what I expected food was nothing special and IFE was great. The lounge in NRT though needs an upgrade in terms of F&B. A lot of other airlines have more than just small bowls of whatever they're serving. (At least there were showers). NRT-SIN was normal and like the previous flight. The return was similar aside from the fact that Delta actually listened to customer feedback and pushed the departure time from 6 to 7am. Not too thrilled that the arrival into JFK is when a bunch of others come in and result in a 2 hour wait at immigration."
"Flew DL from Brussels to Sacramento CA. It turned out to be a really good trip. All flights were on time and connections went smooth. Both ground and inflight staff were very professional and friendly. The special meal I ordered was fine. I would definitely recommend this airline!"
"I flew from BNA-ATL-EYW round trip for spring break. Full planes no upgrades available. Its nice to take a full size plane into Key West. All four flight segments were nice clean comfortable. Seat was tight but its coach and no flight was over 1.5 hours. Flight attendants were competent and pleasant on all legs. Loved the gate crew at Key West campy and competent. Made everyone laugh. Easiest way to Key West in my opinion. It wasn't cheap and my Frequent Flyer miles were no good for a First Class upgrade but I didn't mind a single bit."
"LHR-JFK 29th March 2015 - B767-400 - Boarding was slow at Heathrow but very organised we had a basic economy seat on our outbound sector and I've never seen Seats so small my partner is 6ft 6 and could not fit in the seats and although everyone is entitled to someone even had the audacity to recline their seat in front of him knowing he couldn't fit. Flight was full but the services offered were very good and efficient we were offered a complimentary meal and a snack during the flight along with beverages. Flight attendants were very nice and polite however a couple of them were miserable and rude and towards the end of flight they lost interest and almost threw the coffee at us. We were happy to get off the flight it was very uncomfortable. JFK-LHR B767-300 - Our inbound sector was much better we paid to upgrade into economy comfort with exits seats which also meant priority boarding. Seats were not the greatest but legroom was huge and better for my partner. Flight was a night flight and it was very quiet and almost empty flight attendants polite and services offered again were very good. Both aircraft each way were ageing but at least they got us to our destination. I noticed Call bells were not answered and were left for hours. In flight entertainment was good new films offered for free along with games and TV shows. I would recommend Delta but next time would definitely pay to upgrade both ways due to the seat pitch in basic economy."
"Economy Nice Cte d'Azur to JFK 4th April 2015. Flight was about an hour delayed to leave Nice airport but Delta gave all passengers complimentary pizza and drinks as an apology for the wait (even though I had received an email about the delay several hours before). Boarding took forever as the mandatory checks have become very long and tedious (my carry on bags were opened for a second time right before I boarded the plane although this was randomized from what I understand). The plane floors and loos were quite dirty as if a thorough cleaning had not been done in a while. Very limited food choices although staff helpful with snacks. Other than above (oh and the horrendous immigration queues at JFK) everything else was great."
"Flew Business from BOS to AMS in late February. The newly configured Business cabin on the A330 is now my favorite on any airline or any plane. Very comfortable seat/lie flat bed and personal space. I was traveling with my husband and unlike many other configurations the two middle seats allow two passengers traveling together to actually be together. The food and wine are excellent as usual and the IFE is industry leading. Let me not forget to praise the huge monitor for the IFE. Much larger than other airline's. Delta Business is my preferred airline for international travel. The only areas where they fall a bit short are in the crew professionalism at times. For instance on this flight I was never referred to by name which is just lazy. I just have one other comment and that is I wish they didn't serve a bag of spiced nuts with the first cocktail and instead served something like hot nuts or chips in a dish instead of a bag. Just a little thing but the only are a that isn't top-notch."
"BOS-LAX 738. Boarding was fairly efficient. They boarded basically by two zones after all the preferred boarding for the first/frequent flyer/credit card holders etc. I'm not a fan of the zones as you're always stuck behind someone but at least they turned back people who tried boarding out of their group. They advertise the flight with seatback entertainment on their site but I noticed after booking they often switch to a plane with dropdown monitors. On this flight it switched to an aircraft with dropdowns which actually was not as bad as I thought but not thrilled with how they do that. The overhead monitor showed the latest 'Hunger Games' movie and then the 'Minions' movie which is as good as I would have got with Live TV on the seatbacks. The monitors seem to be every 3/4 rows. They gave nuts/pretzels out twice during the flight which is not bad for legacy carrier and drinks twice. Price was comparable/just below other offerings and at the most convenient times. It arrived early to LAX and had no wait on takeoff due to mid-morning time slot. Middle seat of my row was empty with aided in comfort. 8/10."
"I was aboard a 767 from MSP to LAS (economy class) and a 757 from LAS to MSP (first class). Flight attendants were friendly and planes were clean and seemed well maintained. On time departures with easy and smooth landings and take offs."
"YWG-MSP-PHX. Flew YWG-MSP on a CRJ-900. I was on the 1 seat side rather than the 2 seat side so I had both a window and an aisle seat. Flight attendant was friendly and frequently came by with snacks and refills. MSP-PHX was on an A320. A little disappointing that the A320's don't have seatback TV's seat was comfortable and on par with every other airlines First Class on A320's. Flight attendant was also friendly and efficient. Food was fine (I had soup sandwich and chips). Same as the first flight she was came by frequently with snacks and refills. For some reason on the YWG-PHX route Delta's First Class is only $75 more than Economy. Delta is now my preferred airline out of Winnipeg and in my opinion is better than Westjet which I flew home."
"CDG to ORD March 3 and one week later back both flights leaved on time plenty of food decent inflight entertainment with a great choice of international movies would fly them again."
"Delta recently on a finally two class plane from YWG-MSP (CRJ-900) I believe. Total trip was YWG-MSP-LAS. I despise the United ERJ-145's and similar small product that was on international routes from YWG previously. Thank you to Delta for slightly upgrading the size of your planes out to MSP. Solid 757-300 economy plus to Las Vegas. Solid crew everything was nice and smooth. The 757 had been refurbished had a great AVOD system. Flights on time crew very friendly. I cannot ask for more on this route. It seems to me Delta is making a large effort to improve their customer service and technology and overall experience. It is working wonders it is amazing how far ahead Delta is of United (my other carrier to Las Vegas through DEN). My preferred US carrier."
"Superb flight very helpful cabin crew who couldn't do enough for the passengers and were very friendly. Food good and plentiful as were the drinks. My first time flying with Delta and a very positive experience. Will be booking with them again rather than their partners Virgin who I found (unusually) a little disappointing on the flight home."
"SJU-JFK in Economy Comfort seats. Late night flight out of SJU. Crew were fine. Economy Comfort seats had adequate legroom - glad we paid for the extra room because regular coach seats looked like torture for tall people. In flight entertainment though was terrible. Tiny overhead movie screens. I thought Delta had all seat back video screens. I would have been really annoyed had I spent the money to sit in First - those seats were not so much better than Econ Comfort and the same tiny overhead movie screens every few rows. We were handed a tiny roll with some cheese and turkey and a Milky Way with the beverage service. It was not a memorable flight and on this route JetBlue still wins every time."
"12 hour flight TLV-JFK was excellent because of the crew. Upbeat polite couldn't do enough. Economy seating was fine and 3-3-3 configuration on 777 aircraft is very liveable for that duration. Dinner followed by as many sandwiches peanuts and pretzels as you can eat and as much as many beverages as you like all served with a smile both on request and on cabin pass throughs. Crew on this trip had seniority (I asked) and these were folks who understood the profession of customer service. Video on demand is top in class. A grade. Minus 1 point for lavatories that could have been kept a bit tidier for this long of a flight."
"MAN-AMS-EWR EWR-ATL-MAN. Flights all left on time. Nice FA's. Regular drink/bar service. Nice that you get a bottle of water each. Main issue was that seats were uncomfortable on the flights to NY and back from Atlanta. Flights on these were on old 25 year planes and you felt it."
"NRT-PDX-NRT in Premium Economy. I'm a frequent flyer with Delta but usually fly in business class. Going to Portland the food was far superior to the food on the return I'm certain it is because of the high level of catering here at NRT. On the return the amount of food was not good either and there was no food available in the galley. I had to beg to get peanuts and it seemed like I was getting a big favor from the FA (hello 10-hour flight no snack besides ice cream). The seat has enough legroom has a recline that doesn't interfere with the person behind you too much except for making the AV angle uncomfortable to watch for the one behind. Great AVOD which is Delta's selling point in economy. FAs pleasant but not overly so-just doing their job. The toilets were not cleaned throughout the flight. They were stocked with paper products but never once cleaned and trash was overflowing. It was bearable but not enjoyable overall. Hard to come down from business class with a lie-flat seat and good food."
"Flew LAX-YVR with Delta. My first time with Delta and I was impressed. Took a 6am flight so I was at the airport at around 4am but the staff was present and was able to lift my mood even without my morning coffee. Barely a wait for security or bag check. When I got to my gate the flight crew was already there and chatting with travellers. Boarding was quick. Unfortunately there was a slight delay due to 'mechanical failure' but I still arrived on time. FA were excellent with 3 drink services (I think) and offering coffee and water in-between. I slept about 1.5 hrs out of the three hour flight comfortably due to the lovely headrests that adjust in multiple ways. Didn't try to recline my chair however."
"Suffering from a sinus/head cold I was not anticipating my return from LAX-JFK-BDA on a red eye. My flight was scheduled to depart LAX at 9.40pm and I checked in at Delta's Priority counter around 8:00pm and proceeded quite quickly thru security and found my way to a very crowded SkyClub. When we boarded the aircraft I was pleased to discover that this plane was a newly converted B-767 with the new Business Elite product-proceeding to my seat my coat was stowed and I was served champagne in a champagne glass (so unlike American who still give you those tacky plastic cups) for a pre-flight drink. The seat was 4A and quite comfortable and reclined to a full lie flat bed a nice pillow and quilted blanket as well as an amenity kit. As soon as we were air borne I changed into pajamas and slept most of the way to JFK. The crew were quite keen to help as were the nice ladies in JFK SkyClub during my transit time for BDA. The JFK-BDA flight was also very pleasant although I slept on that one also. All in all a very nice experience with Delta on this route especially with the new Biz Elite product between LAX and JFK-will look forward to doing it again."
"I flew Delta from St. Louis to Las Vegas via Minneapolis. All four legs left and arrived about on time. The planes MD-90 and 757 we're clean and comfortable. All four of my flights had wifi. The flight attendants were friendly and offered a small snack on the longer legs. The pilots made announcements as appropriate. I will fly Delta again if given the choice."
"LCA-AMS-EWR and EWR-CDG-LCA. Flights on time overall good service. Food drinks and entertainment was good. On return flight was bit delayed because of snow and baggage arrived day after because of handling issues at the transit on French airport (CDG)."
"Flew from BOS to DFW via CVG January 23rd. Very good experience small aircraft both legs but clean I was in Economy Comfort. Flight attendants very good with excellent customer service. From CVG to DFW the flight was delayed due maintenance but it was repaired and the flight went without any issues. Arriving in Dallas just some minutes late but the baggage service was very good and the bags were out quickly. My return flight was DFW to BOS via ATL January 29th also very good planes were full both legs. I didn't get economy comfort on DFW-ATL but paid $19 for a preferred seat I think it was not a good idea since got group 2 and almost didn't get space for my carry-on because group 1 passengers almost got it all. I think if you are paying something extra for a seat you should go on group 1 despite that the flight was very good and the flight attendants were ok. The leg from ATL- BOS was very nice I got Economy Comfort flight attendants very professional and cool both flights departed and arrived on time."
"LGA-BNA operated by Endeavour Air on Jan 30th. Aircraft - 2 week old CRJ900. Departed 2 hours late due to the plane arriving late and the crew attempting (unsuccessfully) to fix a broken overhead bin lock. Eventually they gave up and scotch-taped the bin cover so it wouldn't open during the flight. Otherwise the flight was uneventful and fairly comfortable. Snacks and soft drinks were distributed and the FA's were attentive. My return flight from BNA got cancelled due to LGA completely shutting down due to the winter storm on Feb 2nd so I got rerouted to JFK via ATL. The 40-minute flight from BNA to ATL was uneventful and was on a completely full 23.5 y.o. A320. No food or drink service on this short flight. The ATL-JFK eventually departed 3 hours late despite most other JFK-bound domestic flight cancelled. The MD88 was completely full which was understandable given that the three previous flights to JFK were cancelled that day. Despite its age the aircraft was comfortable and the flight smooth. Upon landing in JFK we had to wait another 1.5 hours on the taxiway for a gate to become available. Bottom line: Delta got me back home albeit 8 hours late but I think that's pretty good given the circumstances."
"Philly Atlanta Sarasota and back. Out was an MD88 and MD90. Had a bad ankle. Gate agents allowed early boarding on both flights. FAs all friendly. Basic service no complaints. All flights all on time aircraft clean and plenty of room at 5' 10\". Return was MD90 and a 757. Again friendly gate agents and FAs flights all on time and overall good service. As an AE platinum card holder got free checked bag each way."
"Flew SYD-DCA via JFK and return from DCA-SYD via LAX. Both flights were really good. Very friendly cabin crew and individual greetings by the captain. Food was average plane food with 3 meal services from the SYD to LAX and LAX to SYD. I would definitely fly Delta again great service good clean aircraft and also a wide range of inflight entertainment."
"Columbus (CMH) to Managua Nicaragua and back. Personally I felt that Delta delivered an enjoyable experience and I would gladly travel with them again. 1) My initial flight from CMH to Atlanta went well. We left and arrived on time. The plane itself was clean and neat and seats were surprisingly comfortable although my shoulders could have used a little more room. Flight staff were courteous and even though we were on a booked flight I felt comfortable. 2) We experienced over a one hour delay from Atlanta to Managua and had to wait in the plane for about 45 minutes because of traffic over Florida (not Delta's fault). This plane was not nearly as nice as the first (no seat dividers) but the staff were friendly and the flight was still enjoyable. I flied in the Economy class upon my arriving flight. On the way from Managua to Columbus: 1) I flew in the business class cabin and was immediately greeted by friendly staff who were eager to give me whatever drink I desired. The seats were very comfortable and a delicious meal was served. The flight both left and arrived on time. 2) After arriving back in Atlanta we were greeted by an insanely long line to pass through customs. I don't know how much influence Delta had but I had a two hour lay over and just barely made it to my next flight. For the flight from Atlanta to Columbus I flew in the first class cabin which was surprisingly less comfortable than the business class one that I had been in previously. I slept for the majority of the time but was still given good customer service and the flight both left and arrived on time. After this experience I would recommend Delta but would suggest that you have at least a two hour layover to prevent any problems with connecting to another flight."
"We flew TUS-ATL-EVV on the way EVV-DTW-ATL-TUS on the way back. We have two kids and traveling is not always easy. But Delta did a fine job of making things smoother for us by letting us board early and treating our kids very well. (They seem to be the only airline that still gives kids their wings). We were delayed getting out of DTW and the pilots openly made an effort to get us to ATL on time recognizing that people had connections to make. They were true to their word taking a shortcut and flying at a higher speed and we arrived in ATL 10 minutes later rather than the 30-40 we expected. The MD-90 we flew between TUS and ATL was brand-new inside and we were impressed by the service we received from the crew. The fact that you get a drink and a snack is nice I know people that fly Delta just for the Biscoff cookies. The planes are for the most in great condition though the Airbus 320 we flew had a few loose tray tables and could stand to be updated. I've been pretty dissatisfied with American airlines except for Southwest but Delta trumps all of them in terms of flight quality service and passenger dedication. One small irritation: some of the in-flight entertainment is pay-per-view."
"Travelled from Detroit to Paris in Business Elite on Delta's Airbus returning from Rome to Atlanta on a B767. To say the least I was extremely pleased on both flights though the 767 was a little tighter in comparison to the B777 and Airbus. Service food were excellent. Delta continues to be my favorite airline."
"Connecting flight was boarding when my first flight was landing. Agent at the desk said she would call through but I had to get from one end of the airport to the other. I am an older person and went as fast as I could. My mouth went sandpaper dry and I felt quite faint only to arrive at the next flight to find the gate closed! It was Deltas fault I was late there should have been plenty of time between flights if they hadn't delayed so long leaving a small airport initially that didn't have a line up of flights going out. They spent too much time deciding whether or not to de-ice the plane! I'm glad they were careful and did it but could have got the job done a lot faster and got the flight in on time. As the plane for my next flight was still there I begged the agent at the adjacent gate to allow me to board as I couldn't spend the night and next morning in Minneapolis waiting for a flight to Newark. Fortunately she co-operated called through and they opened the door to let me on. I felt the stewardess was unfriendly as I boarded the plane probably thinking I should have been there on time. I think in situations like this there should be some pick up at the gate to get you to the next flight without having to nearly make yourself sick to get there and following flights should wait for all booked passengers making connections when Delta has caused the delay. This might have been a one off situation. I usually have found Delta friendly and helpful as the agent was who helped me to get on my flight."
"JFK-NRT-SIN. Lounge at JFK was nice the flight was long and seats were narrow. The food could be improved but then again the catering was from JFK so my expectations weren't high. Crew were fine and overall the flight was good. Wish I used the showers in the NRT lounge as I was in for a longer wait than expected. Departure was pushed back an hour and we waited another hour and a half on the ground due to traffic. The staff handled the delay well and the wait was more comfortable than expected. Landed in SIN at 3am as a result. Still good experience overall."
"LHR-JFK return. I tend to pick Delta due to the affordability and nice service. Again I was not disappointed. Flight going out of London on time and plane not full. Got plenty of space and the food was good. Coming back to London the flight was packed and the plane was slight older however the food and service was good. I asked for a special meal that was accommodated on both flights! Happy to fly Delta again for sure!"
"Flew Comfort Economy YYC-HKG return. Booked flight 6 months in advance (and got a great deal) but over the next four months our flight itinerary was changed six times. Since some of the changes impacted our flight by over an hour I called to change to other flights - agents were happy to help out and they answer their phones promptly - a pleasant change compared to the waits we usually experience with our regular airline Air Canada. Alerted by email of all but one of the changes which I noticed by accident. We had paid extra for Comfort Economy and one of the changes meant that the fee for Comfort Economy was higher - instead of notifying us that we needed to pay an extra $20 to keep our Comfort Economy seats they just put us in a regular Economy seat and kept the $130 we'd paid to begin with! Thank goodness I noticed. Flights themselves were good. The extra leg room on the long haul flight was wonderful. Wide selection of entertainment. Plenty of food/drink offered and quality not bad (daytime hot meals ok mid flight snack fine breakfast awful). Service attentive. Very cheerful on the way there and pleasant on the return flight. Connecting flights from Calgary-Seattle were on old planes but fine for a one hour flight - staff were great. I would fly Delta again."
"PDX-AMS-PDX. I was seated in economy plus for the both legs and this is definitely more pleasurable than the basic economy. However the seat cushion still remain hard and quite uncomfortable for a 10 hours flight. Food was okay and very good entertainment system. The crew was professional and attentive on the PDX-AMS. Unfortunately the cabin crew on the return flight was borderline lazy doing the minimum and spending more time socializing on the back of the aircraft than paying attention to the passenger and especially the cleanliness of the bathrooms."
"ATL-JNB-ATL Business Class. Atlanta flight was on time and the flight crew was very \"seasoned\". Service was good. Food was ok. Nothing special. Seats are great - I'm tall and they do the trick. VOD system is outdated and flight tracker rarely works. The return flight was about an hour late and the crew was much better. Food from JNB was much better than first flight. I would rate the second crew as outstanding. It's all about the seat and the business elite seat is among the best for such a long flight."
"I flew SFO-LAX on a Delta Shuttle emb-175 in first class seat 4A. The seat cushion was pretty hard but fortunately it was only a 50 minute flight. Honestly the first class seats on the emb-175 aren't great and I would never pay for them just upgrade using miles or medallion upgrade."
"We flew Delta Airlines 777 business class from LAX to Bangkok (via Narita) in October 2014. The seating configuration is one of the best we have seen internationally. The lie flat seats were enhanced with two pillows and a comforter. The second/smaller pillow worked very well for your legs/knees over the long flight. The comforter was the most enjoyable blanket we have ever experienced on an international trip. It's amazing that such a small difference in quality can make such a large difference in the sleeping comfort and environment. The only complaint about the seat configuration is that it is difficult to communicate with a traveling partner."
"I flew SFO-LAX on a Delta Shuttle emb-175 in first class seat 4A. The seat cushion was pretty hard but fortunately it was only a 50 minute flight. Honestly the first class seats on the emb-175 aren't great and I would never pay for them just upgrade using miles or medallion upgrade."
"We flew Delta Airlines 777 business class from LAX to Bangkok (via Narita) in October 2014. The seating configuration is one of the best we have seen internationally. The lie flat seats were enhanced with two pillows and a comforter. The second/smaller pillow worked very well for your legs/knees over the long flight. The comforter was the most enjoyable blanket we have ever experienced on an international trip. It's amazing that such a small difference in quality can make such a large difference in the sleeping comfort and environment. The only complaint about the seat configuration is that it is difficult to communicate with a traveling partner."
"My flight with Delta was a short 1 hour trip from LAX to SFO. It was unfortunately delayed due to bad weather but the service on the flight definitely made up for this. Drinks peanuts and pretzels were offered soon after departing LAX and a healthy snack box filled with trail mix wholegrain crackers guacamole tomatoes celery and carrots was also provided. I did not expect this to be included in the price at all on such a short flight! After flying with another airline on a domestic US trip the service on Delta definitely stood out and I would definitely fly with them again."
"Flew Atlanta-Dubai Economy. FA were very good but the economy seats are very poor. Packed flight so no elbow or leg room. Left on time. Food and service decent."
"DSM/MSP/LHR 30th November LHR/MSP/DSM 6th December 2014. On all of the flights taken I was treated well by all staff check-in and in-flight. The airplanes were clean even the two short haul flights when the turnaround was very tight. Delta cabin staff are certainly the best by a long mile as compared with the other legacy airline staff in the USA. My flights were a combination of First (internally) and Business (Trans Atlantic). The food on the Trans Atlantic flight was pretty good. My only comment regarding the whole food and beverage service was that the red wine on the LHR/MSP leg was chilled. The equipment used for my Trans Atlantic flight was a 767-400ER which was comfortable (I prefer the Business seating in the 767 as opposed to the A330) and I managed to sleep for 4 hours east bound. Delta are a good airline. People can make or break a business and now it certainly seems that the Delta people will \"make\" the business."
"JFK-ATL-AUS in F. Decided to pay First Class to try their product and Delta has done an excellent job revamping their JFK base. Check-in at the separate Sky Priority area was a top-notch experience it has a completely separate entrance and the area is cozy and classy complete with a seating area and little water bottles at the check in desks. Priority security line was a bonus since it was rush hour and the regular line was just insane. Priority boarding was strictly enforced which was good. Plane to Atlanta on a 757 equipped with the older transcontinental product. Seats were extremely plush and comfortable with great recline and legroom was excellent. Wouldn't mind sitting on those seats on a longer flight. I wish the leg rest would have extended higher though. Breakfast was served which was smoked salmon toasted bagel fresh fruit and yoghurt. I've read positive reviews about Delta's F catering and this was no exception. Everything was fresh presentation was excellent and quantity hit the spot nicely. My only major issue on this flight was the flight lead that served the first cabin he was a tad cold and didn't really interact with the passengers which I admire about US airlines. Service however was efficient and service calls and requests were all honored on a timely fashion. Entertainment system didn't work until half an hour before landing but it wasn't too much of an issue selections for movies shows and music were all great. ATL-AUS on an older 757 seats were huge and comfortable but legroom was limited but still sufficient. Flight attendants were more friendly however only snack options were available despite being a longer flight. Drinks and snacks were provided regularly and were of good quality. Overall Delta is serious about transforming itself as a global airline with a great reputation. All flights were on-time their hard product is reliable catering is excellent and even though I had some issues with service Delta still provided a great flight experience and would not hesitate to fly with them again."
"DSM/MSP/LHR 30th November LHR/MSP/DSM 6th December 2014. On all of the flights taken I was treated well by all staff check-in and in-flight. The airplanes were clean even the two short haul flights when the turnaround was very tight. Delta cabin staff are certainly the best by a long mile as compared with the other legacy airline staff in the USA. My flights were a combination of First (internally) and Business (Trans Atlantic). The food on the Trans Atlantic flight was pretty good. My only comment regarding the whole food and beverage service was that the red wine on the LHR/MSP leg was chilled. The equipment used for my Trans Atlantic flight was a 767-400ER which was comfortable (I prefer the Business seating in the 767 as opposed to the A330) and I managed to sleep for 4 hours east bound. Delta are a good airline. People can make or break a business and now it certainly seems that the Delta people will \"make\" the business."
"DFW-ATL-RSW DFW-ATL in Economy Comfort and ATL-RSW in Economy. Checked in online and it took less than 5 minutes to get through DFW security on a Saturday morning. I was greeted by a friendly gate agent who smiled while welcoming me onboard - what a concept for a domestic airline these days. Onboard the FAs were equally pleasant with the First Class FA even offering to hang the coat of an Economy Class passenger. Snack choice consists of peanuts pretzels or Biscoff - while this isn't much it's still more than you get on any other domestic airline. First leg arrived nearly 20 minutes early and the transit in ATL was painless though keep in mind it is a very large airport if you have a tight connection. Boarding was delayed slightly on the second leg to RSW though we pushed back only a few minutes late and arrived 5 minutes early. This flight was not full and the FAs were once again cheerful while performing the beverage service (but only pretzels this time and no Biscoffs). Captains on both legs kept us well-informed with regards to our route and progress speaking to passengers twice on both legs. Overall I couldn't ask for any more from a domestic flight in coach."
"GRU-JFK business class JFK-SEA and LAX-ATL in first class ATL-GRU in business class. Biz class in 767-300s was great lie-flat seats. 1-2-1 configuration. First class was standard. 757 for JFK-SEA not spacious but felt roomier than in the domestic 767 from LAX-ATL (2-2-2 in first class). Food on all flights especially the international legs was good. Having priority check-in at LAX was especially welcome as I didn't have to take my bags over to the checked bag x-ray station. I didn't need the allowance of 3 checked bags up to 70 lbs for biz class to Brazil but it can be a plus. Service was good especially on the international legs. We chose Delta because it cost less than American or United for this trip. Delta's requirements for using frequent flyer miles is worse than the others but the flights were very good."
"Flew DL from Milan to JFK after arriving on Etihad couldn't wait to see how DL matched up. I was impressed with the level of service from crew bantering with passengers smiling as they went about their duties so eager to serve. The IFE and meals were equally impressive far better than my preceding flight on Etihad flight. This is surely an improvement from the Delta I used to know perhaps the competition is bringing out a different side."
"Four flights with Delta LHR-JFK-TPA_ATL-LHR all flights departed on time seats were comfortable and plenty of legroom including the internal flights food typical airline beef chicken or pasta ok and just about edible. Entertainment was very good with large seat back tvs good selection of movies and shows plus a number of games music selection was disappointing and more variety is needed there. Cabin crew worked hard doing numerous drink runs on the international flights beer and wine is free otherwise about $6/7 for internal flights. I like Delta and would fly them in future if their prices remain competitive."
"My wife and I flew first class from Fort Lauderdale to La Guardia on October 27 2014. What a pleasantry that experience was. We flew first class and was extremely pleased with the service and with the attendants courteous manners. The meal we had was hot the drinks were served promptly and we were always asked if there was anything else they could do to ensure us a pleasant flight and comfort."
"LHR-JFK-TPA-ATL-LHR. All flights departed on time seats were comfortable with reasonable legroom especially on the internal flight food was typical airline beef or chicken and a pasta on the return leg free beer and wine on the international flights liquor payable by debit or credit card only. Entertainment was very good with seat back large screens and a good selection of movies and TV shows I felt the music selection could be improved by more choice. I have flown Delta 3 times now and find them a good airline and reasonable fares I hope to book my next flights with them."
"My wife and I flew first class from Fort Lauderdale to La Guardia on October 27 2014. What a pleasantry that experience was. We flew first class and was extremely pleased with the service and with the attendants courteous manners. The meal we had was hot the drinks were served promptly and we were always asked if there was anything else they could do to ensure us a pleasant flight and comfort."
"DL836 30 Oct. I fly Delta from HOU-ATL-HNL and return several times each month. I go out of my way to travel through ATL as opposed to DFW on AA or IAH-HNL non-stop on UA. The upgraded A330 cabins with lie flat all-aisle access seats in Business are a refreshing treat from other tired equipment on AA and UA. ATL-HNL is considered an overwater international segment with all the amenities of a transatlantic or transpacific flight. On my recent trip GOGO inflight satellite WIFI was available making a productive business trip in each direction!"
"Flew JFK-SLC 5 November 2014. Flew economy in an exit row. Ok flight but entertainment system did not operate full flight with no place to move to. Seat did not recline. 4.5 hour flight excellent FA but had to pay for food (I declined). On time take off and arrival."
"DTW-PEK and PVG-DTW Economy comfort. I must say that I fly transpacific on Delta at least 6 times per year and it has been consistently good each trip. They used tired old 747's and A330's from the old Northwest days but a completely refurbished cabin makes it feel like a new plane. Huge new seatback screens feature USB and charging ports. Delta is making an effort to upgrade economy service on transpacific flights handing out free eyeshades earplugs and greatly improved \"Billboard\" branded earbuds. Delta on Demand has hundreds of movies TV and music choices to keep you occupied on these 14 hour flights. Food service is about the same edible but nothing special. Two hot meals and a mid-flight snack consisting of a sandwich fruit and cookie. Service by veteran flight attendants at the top of the seniority list is pleasant and friendly. Overall it can't compare with the Asian airlines on service but not much to complain about."
"Highly Recommended. Flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. Check-in was smooth and on time departure. Courteous flight crew good food - was too much though and nice comfortable seat. On-time arrival and speedy baggage delivery. Overall outstanding experience and would like to choose Delta for future international trips."
"BDL-SJC and back via ATL. Coach between BDL and ATL both ways and First between ATL and SJC both ways. First was good unless you are in a bulkhead seat and you are over 6 feet tall. Other than that the aircraft cabin (new 739) was nice and the service was great. Coming back the flight was delayed for an hour which was awful though I slept through the delay. On the bright side I had plenty of time to connect to BDL."
"Flew PDX-ATL ATL-CUN CUN-LAX then LAX-PDX. PDX-ATL was very clean on a very well maintained 737-900 attendants accommodated sister's nut allergy made sure no nuts or nut containing items were opened good IFE good wifi. ATL-CUN was disappointing. Attendants were friendly and hilarious but the MD-88 was in decrepit shape with a broken sound system broken lights broken a/c etc. CUN-LAX was a bit better of a plane but not as good of a 737 as the first flight (737-700 i believe slightly unclean and lots of TV's weren't working) and LAX-PDX on the CRJ900 was great. 2 drinks snacks as expected aircraft was very clean and had a brand new feeling."
"Was pleasantly surprised by Delta service in Economy class on a round trip between DTW and AMS on Oct. 10 (outbound) and Oct 17 (inbound). Cabin services both ways was attentive throughout the flight - something that some other US-based carriers fail to grasp. The Economy class food was actually tasty and abundant especially on the AMS-DTW flight. Am happy to find a US-based carrier that can hold its own in Economy class against its Euro- competitors. So would definitely recommend Delta service between DTW and AMS as a gateway between the US and Europe - even in Economy the journey is part ot the enjoyment of the overall trip."
"Flew SYD-LAX 1 Oct and returned 13 Oct - After reading reviews online I was a bits hesitant to fly Delta but was pleasantly surprised by the airline. Found the service to be quite good food had a good variety and all meals were served hot. Also good idea about placing the snacks out for passengers to help themselves. Great choice of movies and TV shows to pass the time. Seats were a little uncomfortable but overall a good experience and would definitely fly Delta again!"
"Flew GSO-ATL-SLC-PHX/ LAS-DTW-GSO on a paid First Class ticket - cost only 30% more than the coach ticket and well worth it. DL is working hard to be a serious airline and it's mostly paying off. All flights were on time and generally the service and food very good including a new beef enchilada (really!) lunch item that was excellent. The omelette breakfast out of LAS however- not so much. For me the biggest issue with DL is the age of the fleet. Both long legs were on vintage (25 years old plus) 757s with no modern amenities except pay for WIFI. These old ships showed their age throughout including (my pet peeve) dreadful bathrooms no entertainment whatsoever and old style overhead bins. The one flight with no first class section was aboard the dreaded CRJ200 for a 90 minute flight.. DL generously assigned seat 14A with a GE engine seemingly in the next seat. When will the airlines fulfil their promise of dumping these dogs altogether rather than just moving them from one fleet to another? Overall though satisfaction delivered."
"JFK-FCO return Business class on Sept. 25 - Oct. 5. on A330 - this is the best business class seat by far. Seats newly configured 1-2-1 with easy aisle access. Seat controls entertainment system electronics all user friendly. Lots of entertainment options viewed on a 16-inch flat panel screen. Exceptional service and excellent meal choices."
"Honolulu to LA. Lucked out with an internationally equipped aircraft for this normally cramped flight. Great lie flat seat wonderful crew decent meal and excellent entertainment. The B767 business elite made the trip a pleasure but why does the dessert come on the tray when there is plenty of time to do a separate service? This is a pet peeve of mine makes the service seem pedestrian."
"Have just arrived in Rio de Janeiro from Miami with a change of planes in Atlanta. From Miami to Atlanta pilot did not even announce the flight duration. From Atlanta to Rio service was certainly not bad by U.S. standards. IFE was good-managed to watch a new release in my personal screen-while alcoholic beverages were also complementary throughout the flight. Arrived on-time in Rio de Janeiro only to find-out that my luggage did not make the tight connection in Atlanta. All in all certainly an acceptable trip and would do it again."
"Flew SYD-LAX-MNL. All flights were on time aircraft were clean staff very friendly food satisfactory lavatories well maintained and inflight entertainment stable with a great selection of choices. Safety was adhered to throughout flights. Check-in was smooth. However LAX could have more staff support during the check-in process. Baggage arrived promptly after each flight. Will fly Delta again."
"JFK-LAX on a 757-200 Transcon. Flight pushed back 5 mins ahead of schedule and arrived 30 mins early. The aircraft was recently refitted and the new cabin is spectacular. Felt clean modern fresh airy bright and very comfortable. The IFE was superb. Screens were huge choice was endless and picture quality great (not the standard screens you see on most aircraft). Staff were attentive and happy - came around with the drinks/snacks cart twice and I lost count how many times they came around offering water. Tea/coffee and snacks are complimentary sandwiches etc available for purchase. For a long coast to coast flight Delta far exceeded my expectations."
"Flights 476 and 477. Flew first Class to Barcelona Spain on August 17 2014. Excellent service."
"First class from PDX to LAX. On time good seat comfortable and plenty of space. Easy check in and boarding. Early arrival. Inflight food and beverages woeful. Very limited beverages and my choice of red wine not available. No food apart from a 1/2oz bag of crisps or peanuts. For a two-hour flight something more substantial should be available in First. And nothing else even available for purchase. Staff on board ok. Disappointing apart from the seat comfort and space. I had bought a discounted First class ticket otherwise not worth it. And no access to Delta lounge for First pax unless paid for ($50) or a regular card holder for this service."
"Sep 1 from TYS-DTW-AMS-GVA return on Sep 15 from GVA-AMS-ATL-TYS. Just returned from traveling and used Delta and KLM. My opinion is that Delta has improved its flight services and food on transcontinental flights. Flights were on time customer service was helpful flight attendants were pleasant. The cabin service was much more adequate than in past flights. We did purchase economy comfort seats on the outgoing flight and the extra inches were appreciated. I was very pleased and will continue to use Delta."
"IMT-DEN-SAN-IMT. All flights were on time or early. Ground and flight attendants courteous and efficient provided timely and useful info. The seats and entertainment on the new B737 are quite good for economy. Beef sandwich for purchase was at best OK. Beverages passed a few times on a 3 hr SAN-MSP flight. In my opinion Delta provides a good consistent product these days."
"Delta 1487 on 09-04-14 from ATL to JFK. The gate agent addressed my wife and I by name as we boarded. All passengers were greeted by the F/A as they boarded. Flight left a few minutes late but arrived early. The meal consisted of a cold shrimp/chicken platter or a turkey/chicken sandwich which was very good. Service was good. My only complaint is the seating. The seat is more comfortable than Economy Comfort but Delta should add an inch of pitch in the first class cabin. I did not rate the inflight entertainment as there was none available due to the short flight. Delta 2043 first class on 09-11-14 JFK to ATL. Flight left about 30 minutes late due to mechanical problems. The captain gave detailed and many updates concerning takeoff times which was appreciated. The plane was an MD 88. Again no inflight entertainment due to the short flight. Food and beverages included snacks from a basket."
"Manchester - Atlanta - Quito - August 2014. Flew Delta for the first time in about a decade and was very impressed. Transatlantic flew an old but recently refurbished 767-2 which was clean and comfortable. Was fortunate to get an exit row seat meaning I had lots of leg room and being 6'3 this was a blessing! Seats were a little hard but no more so than other airlines. Entertainment system was very good lots of options and food and drinks were served regularly. Cabin crew were very friendly and always happy to help. Flight departed on time and arrived early in ATL. ATL-QUI - very old 757-2 and desperately needed refurbing. Seats were worn out no entertainment overhead TVs existed but not used and cabin crew were less friendly. Drinks only served once on a 5 hour flight and food was very poor in comparison to the other flight. Standard American airline for me very good transatlantic but domestic/South America used tired fleet and much less effort made. Will certainly use again if I need to fly transatlantic as was an excellent experience but still much to improve on the other side of the pond."
"NRT-HNL-NRT in business class both ways. The flight was smooth on time had decent food lie-flat seats and a very accommodating HNL-based crew of FA. No complaints whatsoever. It always amazes me at the negative comments on this review site considering my consistently good experiences with Delta. They're not the best airline in the world but they seem to try their best."
"July 28 - August 2 2014. DTW to Las Vegas. My husband and I flew Delta this past July (2014) to Las Vegas. I think the staff did a wonderful job. They always offered snacks and drinks. We will definitely fly Delta again."
"SEA-LHR and AMS-SEA I had an excellent experience on these international flights with Delta. The seats were relatively spacious and comfortable and the IFE was really impressive. The food was edible and there were frequent drink services. I had a far better experience than I did with Air Canada on similar routes. I will definitely be flying with Delta on future trips to Europe."
"My wife and I recently flew first class on Delta Airlines from Seattle to San Diego on flight 5789. The aircraft was a Jet Embraer 175 a plane that I think is very practical comfortable and sensible for a domestic flight. Also there are no middle seats anywhere on this plane. The crew were very friendly and attentive to our needs. The food was excellent and nicely presented and served by our attentive stewardess. We felt this was the best flight we have taken in a very long time and was reminiscent of air travel from the old days. I have been a frequent air traveler for 55 years so I remember the good old days of travel. I contrast this flight with another first class flight on United Airlines where the service and food were horrible and the plane was filthy with a bathroom that was worse than any gas station I ever saw."
"Flew MSP-LAX-OGG (Maui) RT and was pleased with Delta in both directions. The flights are long so not terribly comfortable but a very nice attendant suggested that I move to Economy Plus seating for the extra legroom on the outbound to Maui. The food options were tasty and fairly-priced. I appreciated that the crew wore Hawaiian- inspired outfits to put us in a festive mood. Hawaii is such an exceptional destination it deserves the extra touches! Delta is my choice for flights lately because they work hard to deserve my business."
"I flew IND-DTW-JFK to connect to an Air China flight to Beijing there and PVG-DTW-IND on the way back. I was originally suppose to fly IND-JFK to connect to Air China but the flight was delayed to after 9am and I would miss the Air China flight by then. So the agent booked me through Detroit. A320 service to Detroit no food because it was only 30 minutes CRJ900 service to JFK had soda and peanuts. On the way back I was supposed to fly Air China PVG-PEK-JFK and Delta to IND. Air China got delayed and they rebooked me on PVG-DTW-IND Boeing 777 to DTW good food had many choices. No food for the DTW-IND flight as usual. Nice flight attendants good seating good entertainment funny safety video."
"Flew Dublin - JFK return in business elite. Didn't really get that priority feel on check in as you do with most other airlines. Lounge in Dublin ok lounge in JFK terminal 2 is awful. Food is fine and there was plenty of offerings cabin crew very nice seats very comfortable but I think Virgin Etihad and Qatar Airways business class is far better with a classier feel to it. On saying that I would fly with them again."
"Flew CDG-MSP-YYZ. First aircraft was an A330-200 which was somewhat spacious. IFE was excellent but the headphones were not that great. Seats were nice and the blanket and pillow were good. The meals were above averages and were filling. A lot of drink services too. Connection was a breeze as well. The flight after that was a CRJ-900 so it was more cramped and without IFE but the aircraft was new and spotless. Seats and service was OK for a regional flight. Wifi on board but you have to pay. All in all the two flights were pleasant and really surprised me."
"MCO-LHR via Atlanta. The internal flight up to Atlanta was surprisingly spacious seating in economy for this short flight. The transatlantic flight from Atlanta to London was on a B767 with a decent seat with good leg room. The IFE offers a good choice to occupy the time and the meal was ok and standard for economy. Delta is a no nonsense airline that does the job you pay for."
"Flew MEX-DTW recently on Delta on a nice and fairly clean A319. Economy class seats had decent legroom - inflight wifi was a huge plus but no other IFE was on offer even in business class. Ham and cheese sandwich was served as a snack which surprised me as I expected no food in economy class. Flight arrived and departed on time. Staff were attentive and polite."
"A few months ago I was flying home from Chicago via Minneapolis. I don't really care to connect but Delta had the lowest fares and I was okay with that. The flight to Minneapolis from Chicago was delayed due to a plane issue. The staff on the ground were excellent at handling the issue and on the plane they were helpful as well. Unfortunately this was not the case with the rest of the staff. Upon arrival to Minneapolis I had to run to my gate to make my flight. As I got there I had to argue with the gate attendant about getting my seat. Note I'm a 17 year old who can't book a hotel has nowhere to stay and needs to be on that flight the last one out that night. Thankfully the man gave me his seat and I made it home. Staff on the MSP-MCO leg were very rude. I was very unimpressed. I love Delta but it put a sour taste in my mouth."
"NRT-ATL in business elite. The aircraft is an old 747 but renovated a few years back with the lie flat seats and if you're in the upper deck very nice indeed. It's quiet two toilets for less than 20 passengers and two flight attendants. The entertainment selection is excellent. My vegetarian meal was OK nothing special but not bad. It was a smooth and comfortable flight. The only complaint I have is about the service. The FA's on US carriers are very familiar and have a jokey attitude that I think most Americans quite enjoy. I have lived overseas for over 20 years and do not like that. I prefer kind polite service without the constant sarcasm and humor."
"Economy LHR-MCO via BOS. First time in 4 years with Delta and I have to say I was impressed. The seat on the 767 out of LHR was fine (and I am a big chap) with good leg room. Flight attendants were professional if not a little unsmiling. Food service was good and drinks complimentary. The IFE was good with a good selection. The internal flight down to MCO was delayed an hour due to bad weather but we made up some time during the flight. For me Delta is a no nonsense service that ticks boxes without the wow factor."
"July 25 2014 Miami - Atlanta - Asheville return August 3 2014. All flights leaving and returning on time. Clean aircraft. Pleasant flight attendants. Would fly Delta again."
"Flew late July on Delta round trip from Minneapolis to Beijing and back with two layovers in Seattle (SEA to MSP was on Alaska Airlines code share not included in ratings). Booked through travel agency. Overall an enjoyable and satisfactory trip. Only item of note is that a travel companion lost her passport on the MSP to SEA flight and couldn't board the plane to Beijing in Seattle help staff at SEA were very helpful and accommodating they got her passport back and put her on the next flight to Beijing."
"GRU-ATL-MDW and SEA-DTW-GRU business class. Very comfortable truly lie-flat seats in 767s for the international legs (maybe not quite as nice as the A330s of US Airways in biz class). My wife had asked for boarding assistance due to an arm injury and she said whenever she made any move on the GRU-ATL leg an attendant was at her side almost immediately. No Delta club at GRU so had to use the somewhat smaller and more basic Gol Airlines club. First class for the ATL-MDW and SEA-DTW legs was your basic domestic first class. Nothing spectacular but fine. Decent selection of movies at least in the 767s."
"Flew DEN-JFK then CDG-MSP-DEN in Business. Was pleasantly surprised as I had not travelled DL in about 10 years. Domestic segments decent with excellent service and meals. Crew chatty and actually acted like they wanted to there. CDG-MSP with flat seats on A330. Crew were okay but still miss the class of European carriers and kindness of EK/SQ. No smiles and rather perfunctory service. Food better than AF and seat much better; Entertainment was excellent with big screen and got about 3 hours of good sleep. Only negative was appalling ground staff at JFK- rude surly and could care less. Will avoid JFK as best as I can."
"My latest flight on Delta was PHL-MSP-AMS-ARN-AMS-JFK-PHL. Why such a circuitous route to Stockholm? Delta's service: I seem to be the lucky person who gets a great flight crew (even when in Coach) good food and on time departures. The upgrade of the business cabin to business elite with lie flat beds was a great way to fully relax and get quality sleep. Even though I am now based in USAIR/American country I still fly Delta - and know a lot of great people in all of their hubs. Only drawback is their very restrictive FF program. But day to day I would rather have a good flight experience over using my miles to upgrade."
"Flew from Amsterdam to Boston DL267 Economy Comfort service was excellent FA's chatted and were very kind. I have noted that past reviews of Delta are not very good but that seems to be inter-American and not Delta's international flights. The Comfort seats have plenty of leg-room and are very good for a 7 hour flight and as they are just behind Business Class you de-board very quickly ! Flight back DL266 was just as good so I will be telling everyone to fly Delta."
"Flew from Atlanta to Las Vegas return for business convention. Smooth on time flight both ways excellent service and professional staff. On the flight back we sat on the tarmac for an extra 10 minutes or so. The pilot then proceeded to the runway. On the way he explained that he requested an alternate route out of Las Vegas since he wanted to avoid storm clouds and turbulent weather. I'm a nervous flyer and I was very impressed that Delta will actually do this. I'm sure it affected there on time statistics and probably cost Delta more in fuel expenses to take an alternate route. I will fly Delta from now on."
"Business Elite MSP-SEA-PEK-SEA-MSP. All Sectors were excellent. International Service was fine. Food was good. All Flights were on time and had a chance to use the new immigration Kiosk's. It was a little faster. Not sure why but got a hand written note from the purser thanking me for my business. I see a definite improvement with Delta. I hope it continues."
"Flew DL #231 from Amsterdam to Boston on July 6 and I have to say that it was a great flight. On time departure early arrival. Very tasty meal (Thai chicken) perfectly adequate amount of food. Nice snacks first an ice cream then a sandwich. I really appreciate the large bottle of water everyone gets after the meal service. Inflight service was very efficient though I think the flight attendants could have smiled a bit more. Seat size and pitch were comfortable and I'm not a small person. Inflight entertainment was outstanding - a huge choice of movies both new releases and older classics - that I really didn't want the flight to end. Perhaps I'm just easily pleased but I found this Economy Class experience to be very good."
"Flew BOG-JFK-BOG. Check in at both ends flawless both flights left on time and arrived before schedule which I think is a great achievement. Service was good breakfast on the BOG-JFK very poor meal on the JFK-BOG was much better. Seats were uncomfortable but we had a great price for our tickets."
"Short flight Shanghai to Narita. Very well done. 777 Business Elite has an odd layout can't see out window even in window seat without craning neck. Other than that comfortable nice breakfast and excellent professional crew. Bring that style to domestic flights and Delta will succeed."
"The CRJ 700 service from Halifax to La Guardia in New York is a quick 90 min hop. The economy seats are cramped but they are on all the Canadair regional jets in economy class. I got my drink. I got my pretzels. And other than that the flight was completely uneventful. This is when you realise flying has become a complete commodity. Now how could we change that?"
"This flight was in \"Business Elite\" between Austin Texas and Buenos Aires Argentina with an intermediate stop in Atlanta Georgia. The outbound trip was in early February 2014 and the return was in mid February 2014. Measured against other US carriers international performance Delta was exceptional. Measured against other international carriers their comparative performance was at the least \"competitive\". Other than one sort of \"rough around the edges\" male flight attendant on the return trip the entire experience was quite acceptable."
"Short flight Shanghai to Narita. Very well done. 777 Business Elite has an odd layout can't see out window even in window seat without craning neck. Other than that comfortable nice breakfast and excellent professional crew. Bring that style to domestic flights and Delta will succeed."
"Flew Mar 30 NRT to BKK. All flights were great. Flight was on-time and the in-flight entertainment was great. Apart from the meals - some Thai passengers cannot eat beef so the flight crews tried to ask other passengers who could eat beef and changed the meals around. We feel disappointed with their food services."
"I just returned from a round-trip First/Business Elite FLL-ATL-MUC-ATL-FLL trip. I really must say that all the flights were great. Every flight was on-time the flight crews were exceptionally good the in-flight entertainment was good but could be improved the meals were good and tasty. I only wish Delta would update its meal service and add some new items. Going over to MUC the man behind me even commented to the flight attendant \"Is it the usual?\" It is always steak chicken breast pasta (no meat or fish - just pasta) and a cold plate. I've written to DL about adding fish lamb duck etc. to the rotation. (They actually had lamb on the MUC-ATL flight!) Even flight attendants say that every time they have \"fish\" it is the most ordered by passengers. I guess Michelle Bernstein has run out of ideas. That is my only suggestion to improve things in Business Elite: Get more imaginative on the meal offerings! It really isn't that difficult."
"Round-trip flight from Quito Ecuador to Birmingham Alabama with one stop in Atlanta. The check in process was difficult since we are foreigners trying to leave the country. Nothing against Delta. The delta gate agents went through 3 security procedures before we even lined up to go to the plane. I think it was the airport's rules. I flew a Delta 757-200 to Atlanta on a red-eye flight. We took off around 11.40 pm and we started flying over the Pacific Ocean. There was no personal entertainment on this type of aircraft so we were forced to watch a movie. They started serving \"breakfast\" around 1.20 am. \"Breakfast\" was a cold turkey and mayonnaise sandwich fruit and a brownie. They took they tray away and we did not eat anything else. Around 5.00 am we started our descent into Atlanta. The landing was smooth and we soon de-boarded and headed through immigration to board our next 56 min flight to Birmingham. Atlanta airport is very confusing as to where restaurants and lounges are. We boarded our MD88 to Birmingham. Since it was an hour flight they should have served us something but the didn't. We landed in Birmingham smoothly."
"Narita - Bangkok June 13 Business Elite 747. Slight delay due to hold for other delayed inbound flights but all in all an excellent flight. Chief Purser was an experienced friendly (old school) gentleman who worked hard to insure good service. Seat was a comfortable lie flat pod offering more privacy than the first class American 777 I had just connected from. Decent food with even a light second offering before landing. Excellent entertainment options offered. I would certainly do this again."
"I flew from Heathrow to Seattle. To be honest I was dreading the flight as I had read some really bad reviews of Delta. But it was excellent. The seat back screens were the biggest I have seen in Economy - with a great selection of films TV shows and music. The food whilst being obviously \"airline food\" was nice enough and lots of it. They listed only one meal - lunch - on the website but they served two more rounds of snacks throughout the flight - an ok sandwich and a really nice calzone. The staff were really friendly as well. Again I was dreading the service as a lot of other reviews mentioned their bad attitude. But the ones on my flight were lovely. Not sure if this is a sign of better things to come from Delta or by the fact that the route is brand new for them but it was a great flight."
"I was a bit stubborn about flying Delta for the first time since I'm a fan of Frontier and I don't fly very often about once every three to four years. I took flight 1531 from MSP to BWI and I was very impressed. We left on time and the crew was friendly. After this experience I am very eager to fly Delta again."
"JFK-LHR. Had a great on time flight out of JFK with Delta. I found the service friendly and food was great. Constantly coming through the cabin with refreshments certainly not dehydrated at the end of the flight. Only criticism was when we were coming in to land into London the cabin crew did not ask passengers to raise their closed window blinds which made me feel a little unsafe sitting in the middle seats as I couldn't see what was going on outside during landing. The flight attendant told me after it's not US policy to raise the window blinds Delta why not just make it part of your safety policy. Would fly them again."
"DL 1134 PBI-ATL. Great ground experience. Inbound flight late prior to equipment arrival gate agents asked for volunteers to check baggage at no charge to destination to speed up boarding and ease overheads. Turn around was 25 minutes gate arrival-departure. Plane was clean crew greeted boarding passengers with genuine smiles. They assisted loading overheads with no attitude. In flight they chatted with passengers. Crew even made the cart in aisle/trip to lav a pleasant game of I move/you move. I was in a time warp. Flying was fun. Three more flights on Delta that week were routine but what an experience this one flight was."
"Considering how Delta Airlines was an American Air carrier I initially wasn't expecting much and imagined that service would be mediocre sort of like Air Canada but to my surprise my Delta experience was great! Staff were polite the flights were punctual with my returning flight from MSP-YVR being about 15 minutes late due to a computer that needed replacement. Other than the fact that they should really replace/refurbish those A319s my flight was very pleasant."
"Travelled MSP-LHR AMS-MSP in May 2014. Flights were on time. Flight attendants responsive enough and food was okay. Economy comfort seats provide decent legroom. I travel with Delta quite a bit and rarely have problems. They get you to your destination reliably for a decent price."
"JFK-LAX on a 757-200 in Business on May 17 angled seats with ample leg room excellent service then onward to HNL on a 757-300 in First: seats comparable to Premium Economy as far as the leg room goes poor recline the service was excellent though large screen IFE good food and drinks. May 25 HNL-LAX on an aged 767-200 in First same poor seat recline but good food and service old-style IFE. May 26 LAX-NYC on a 767-300ER Business Elite outstanding newly refurbished cabin flat bed seats outstanding food and service. The only complaint - never - ending turbulence but that was not airline's fault of course. To sum up Delta's First Class is not worth the money I will stick to premium economy instead in the future and the Business Elite is simply outstanding for a Domestic flight."
"Third long haul flight with Delta LHR-ATL-TPA-ATL-LHR all flights on time first transatlantic flight they run out of food selections so only had pasta left which looked rather unappetising. Good selection of movies and games on the long haul flights seats were comfortable with good legroom. My only gripe is Atlanta airport why do you have to queue to go through security after getting off an international flight to connect with your next plane not Deltas fault but never had to do this before."
"Travelled to London with my mom JFK-LHR via a Boeing 767-400ER on DL 403 which was an evening flight. Everything went very pleasant from food service to inflight entertainment seat comfort and cabin crew as well as cabin cleanliness. My complain would be our return flight which was rather a Boeing 767-300 aircraft. The Cabin was not clean and very narrow bathrooms have some odor and seats were comfortable even for a seven hour flight. Everything else went ok the crew looked exhausted and smiled less they were friendly and very caring. Also to mention food portions are quite small and selections must be thought carefully. If it was not for their 767-300 plane everything went very well. I prefer better other airlines notably American British Airways and Virgin Atlantic as a better option for economy especially with AA's B777-200ER which was their major upgrade."
"YUL-JFK-NRT-HKG. It was my first time flying Delta. I usually fly Japan Airlines or any other Asian airlines because of all the bad experiences I had with US based Airlines. From the check in agent I was greeted with a big smile. The planes were clean flight attendants full of energy and smile. To my surprise the captain apologize for the slight delay we had from JFK to Narita. That is something you hear only on Asian Airlines. The seats were comfortable for economy and the food was great!"
"Return leg of a paid first class ticket LAS-ATL-GSO. Seemed like circumstances were lining up to give my wife and I a major headache - Bad weather on the East Coast late (mechanical not weather) departure from LAS tight connection in ATL and no seats ex LAS going anywhere East. Helpful agent and supervisor booked hotel in ATL in case we misconnected but we didn't need to have worried a fine tailwind got us to ATL in time for our connection. Newer planes on these 2 legs; the aircraft on the LAS-ATL leg even had a rudimentary IFE system. However my joy was short lived as my headphone jack didn't work and I was denied the opportunity to watch reruns of a few TV programs. Food was fair (basically the same as the outbound journey) seat comfortable service attentive ground staff throughout helpful and efficient. I'll stick with Delta through this purple patch they are enjoying."
"The gate experience is good with staff pointing the way. This is especially good at Paris DeGaulle where there are endless gates and lines and confusion. Once on board the experience lessens as the attendants seemingly are frequently tired and occasionally indifferent. I have never been hot (not warm but hot as in a cabin temp of the high 70's) on an overseas flight. A request to a attendant brought the equivalent of a sleepy shrug. The food is edible and the presentation tries to be quality but it falls flat with the quality of the food and the occasional rush to serve and clear. I hate the business class pods - ok for the sleeper or someone doing work but impossible to talk or interact at all with a companion. Baggage handling is excellent for sky priority. Delta clubs vary from seedy (JFK) to nice. Nothing as nice as the Air France clubs at Paris CDG."
"Paid for 1st class GSO-ATL-LAS. Delta continues to do a good job in their attempt to be a cut above the other Legacy airlines? Flights were on time check in and boarding easy food good. Service prompt and efficient if not jaunty. The flaw in the program in my view is the age and features of the equipment. DL's policy is to fly them until they run out of hours and our sky veterans had amassed 51 years between them! No IFE on either flight an ugly and not overly comfortable first class seat and 25 year old bathrooms - my ongoing pet peeve with DL."
"I flew from YYZ to Detroit to Seoul I was sceptical at first flying Delta because of all the negative reviews. I am very pleased with the whole experience. Enough leg room great entertainment system and great food. I love the snack bags in the middle of the night and bottles of water. Little details really makes a huge difference the ear plug and eye cover warm wipes and cold wipes after boarding and when you wake up. Even the washroom is roomy. Flight attendants are efficient. I will definitely try to fly Delta whenever I can."
"Flew PDX to AMS. Flight departed slightly late but actually arrived early. At check-in I enquired as to whether I could pay to upgrade myself to business class but they said they don't have such a program for last minute upgrades which was rather odd as other airlines regularly do it for a fee. Having said that in many ways I was glad I didn't as my normal economy seat was extremely comfy with loads of personal space. Delta has the best inflight entertainment system I have used with a massive selection of entertainment. Having said that they really need to do something about their meals as they were awful and almost as bad as Air Canada. I didn't eat my main course as it smelt awful food but was supposed to be beef stroganoff. The food was the only thing to let Delta down as their cabin crew were friendly and efficient making sure we had regular supplies of water to keep us hydrated. Id definitely fly Delta again but would order a special meal to see if said meal would be better."
"Flying to Detroit From Tampa on a 737-800. Service on the plane: it was a good experience. Flight Attendants were polite and cared about me and other passengers (unlike United and BA). Food was only pretzels and cookies and a drink of choice (it was only a 2hr flight). Seats were comfortable. Service in the airport-Good service no long lines and friendly airport crew! I enjoyed Delta and will fly them again!"
"DCA-ATL-DCA MD-90; Economy. \"We love to fly and it shows\" used to be Delta's slogan. Standards have slipped a lot since then. DCA counter bag drop-off was prompt after online check-in and the outbound flight was on time. It is amazing how many seats they have crammed into this aircraft recently to make money from Economy Comfort seats. The seat itself is reasonably comfortable for about two hours but the reduced legroom is awful. I am average height so I feel for taller people. Both planes were very clean and appeared well-maintained for 18+ year-old aircraft. A drink and mini pretzles were served on both flights. ATL bag drop-off after online check-in was quite quick. The inbound flight was delayed by 75 minutes but they made-up 25 minutes of that lost time. Flight attendants outbound were friendlier than those inbound. Overall this type of service will be acceptable for two to three hour flight segments and I will use Delta again."
"Flight 67 to Atlanta connecting to flight 1384 to Orlando on April 28. My mother returned home from Zurich to Orlando after visiting us in Europe. Unfortunately while here she spent time in the hospital. Various Delta employees with whom we were in contact were extremely helpful in rebooking flights and assisting her before during and after her flights including wheelchair support. She enjoyed the flight (in economy comfort) the service the food etc. As a family we have flown Delta during many years and continue to be impressed with the airline more so recently with the many improvements they have and are implementing. We will happy continue to recommend Delta airlines."
"Flew from LAX-ATL on B777-200 then ATL-CMH on A319. Both legs were great and crew very attentive. First class seat on the B777 was a comfortable seat if somewhat difficult to settle into at first. The A319 was uncomfortable and took a while to find that special spot to get comfortable. All considered the service I got for what I paid was excellent. Bags were first off the carousel and waiting when I got there which I liked a lot. Only issue was the miserable check in lady in LAX. DL also need to re think their lounge policy for First class passengers."
"MAN-Atlanta Atlanta-Memphis Memphis-Las Vegas Las Vegas-Salt Lake City Salt Lake City-Memphis Memphis- Detroit Detroit-Amsterdam April 2014. All of our America trip was with Delta and everyone was excellent in every way. From check in to boarding to seat leg room were superb. The pilot and cabin crew were so friendly the captain thanked everyone on each flight personally standing at the entrance with the cabin crew. 7 out of our 8 holiday flights were with delta and we had no problems with any one was with KLM see that review."
"Flew LHR-JFK and connecting internal flights to MCO. Excellent service at the airport and onboard. Very helpful and friendly cabin crew on all legs of the journey. Planes were clean and comfortable despite being a little old. Flight crews were very informative about potential turbulence flight times etc. There was a good selection of up to date movies and TV series available on personal entertainment screens for the long haul parts. Cabin crew would frequently offer drinks served dinner and a breakfast plus newspapers and other amenities on this section. Punctual and a pleasant experience. Would definitely fly with them again."
"Madison WI to Gainesville FL via Atlanta. Flight delayed by a few hours leaving Madison. There was a decent snowstorm going on at the time and I presumed that was the cause of the delay. Arrived late in Atlanta and just missed the connecting flight to Gainesville. Delta staff at Atlanta said the delay was actually due to mechanical reasons and promptly provided meal and hotel vouchers for an excellent hotel and rebooking on the first flight the following morning. Obviously the delayed flight is a negative but in this particular case Delta efficiently made adequate accommodations for stranded passengers in a situation where it would have been easy for them to blame the weather and refuse to make accommodations at all. For that they deserve some commendation."
"I went DTW-SFO AND SFO-DTW. Took Delta Airlines Boeing 767-300 both ways. The seat comfort was great! There was a lot of leg room. The staff wasn't very friendly. They weren't smiling that much or very polite. There was a lot of food selection and prices were decent. We got complimentary drinks twice which was great. The inflight entertainment system has a ton of selection although most of the movies and tv shows cost money. But the music selection was amazing so it was great. Overall the Delta flights were really good and I would definitely fly it again."
"I fly international in economy class from Seattle (SEA) to Japan (NRT) about twice every month. I have flown this route more than 10 times already and with a variety of different airlines. At first I was sceptical about flying with Delta but Delta has made up a lot of ground recently in my opinion. While Delta is no match for Singapore airline's service and no match for ANA's food it does beat out United airlines in both of these categories. One major problem I have with Delta's international flight is that they really only served one meal whereas Singapore and ANA gave you a full 2 meals. Over a 9-10 hour flight having only one major meal feels a little lacking and will leave you hungry walking off the plane. The food that is served is also not exciting but gets the job done. In-flight entertainment is good with plenty of choices and nice screen size/brightness. I fly often so this is particularity important especially over such a long segment. Seat comfort is mediocre but its economy so you get what you pay for however I have used Premium Economy seating with Delta and I'd have to say its worth the few extra $. If flying ANA on this segment on a 787 Dreamliner your Regular Economy seating will outclass Deltas Premium Economy seats however. To rap up I'd say since Delta is usually 100$ cheaper than the other competitors mentioned above you really get what you pay for."
"DL010 ATL-LHR on 7th March. Very tight connection from Dallas through Atlanta made the flight with minutes to spare and my bags made it onto the flight too! Extremely attentive cabin staff comfortable lie flat bed good selection of food and drink IFE was a little dated but didn't mind as was tired and needed the sleep. Flight arrived early quick bag delivery. All round great experience."
"Economy Comfort DTW-LAX on a 767-300 and LAX-DTW on a 737-900. To LAX the 767-300 seat was good although it did not have the adjustable headrest. Multiple drink runs and plenty of cookies peanuts and pretzels. Personal entertainment had okay choices. Back to DTW the 737-900 was great. Seats were very comfortable. Again multiple drink runs and lots of snacks. Purchased the fruit/cheese tray and tapas both of which were very good. The personal entertainment had tons of movies. Overall - very good experience. I hope that all aircraft get seats with adjustable headrests as they do make a difference on a 4+ hour flight."
"We had a very good flight from DUS to LAX with transfer in ATL. Service on both flights was good even if meals on the inner-USA flight were not for free."
"Our flight from LAX to JFK was on time and we arrived earlier than planned. Service was a little slow due to the reason they don't accept cash payment for meals and Credit Card verification wasn't that fast. Inflight entertainment was really good!"
"Flew Washington to London via Atlanta. Flight from Washington to Atlanta was fine drinks service and pretzels provided however bad weather meant the service was suspended. Annoying the flight was full and warnings were given about hand luggage due to the flight being full however quite a lot of other passengers had loads of luggage including massive cases that would normally be checked in. Flight from Atlanta to London was fine meal service delayed due to bad weather but meal was tasty and full drinks service offered. On demand TV with good selection would definitely fly Delta again."
"BOS-ATL-LIM-ATL-BOS in Business Class. Flight experience was excellent. Great crews very comfortable lay-flat bed seating wonderful IFE superb meals. Additionally very good wines offered. I have never had aged wines on a flight before. The return from LIM to ATL was canceled due to a mechanical issue and DL had to fly the part down on their flight from ATL the next day. DL did a commendable job accommodating the over 200 passengers. Excellent pro-active customer service. The only part of this trip that was any type of letdown was the Club in ATL in Terminal E. The Club was packed the seating awkward and uncomfortable the food offerings pretty bad and the Wifi so slow it was unusable. The BOS Club was great however. All in all a very good experience yet again with DL."
"Flew GSO to CZM through ATL. We received complimentary upgrades to business class. The meal was the best meal I have had on a plane and the sandwich and puree would have rivalled sandwich shops. Everything was excellent. The seats were comfortable and the flight attendants were helpful and courteous. Highly recommend."
"DL1467 13 Mar ATL-SAN. Flight operated with 767 equipment. As with all DL west coast flights medallion upgrades limited to a very few high Diamonds (I am a platinum medallion and was about 17 on the list for 5 upgrade seats). However the Economy Comfort seat was quite comfortable but more importantly the inflight service was superb. Flight time was 4hrs 15mins and the somewhat senior cabin crew provided non-stop service. Two drink runs water in between and a flight attendant always in the aisle. Special requests fulfilled graciously. This was true Delta service from the heart and was to me a benchmark of what DL can be. Even though I am a Million Miler I was impressed by one of the best flights I have had."
"Flew DL007 from DXB to ATL. I have traveled this flight 12 or more times. Most of the time my experience is always positive. This specific trip the IFE was not working very well for the first 3+ hours of the flight. They had to reset the system about 4 or 5 times. I was seated in 44J (Exit row window seat). I always sit in Row 44 which is the row with nothing in front of you. I am a frequent flyer so I have this option. The food was decent. The mid flight snack is normally just a turkey sandwich and a mini banana. You can normally get one drink with your meal just ask for it. The flight attendants are very kind every time on this flight. Sometimes you get a joker too. The bathrooms always become quite disgusting but that's understandable on a 15 hour flight. I enjoyed my flight but will be flying Business class with my miles next flight."
"Flew CZM to ATL. We were supposed to leave on 28th January but didn't end up leaving until 30th January. This obviously wasn't the airlines fault so you cannot give them a worse score for the weather. We were complimentary upgraded to business class on this flight but since the plane had landed the night prior they didn't have the hot meal we received on the way down. They did however give us all the cookies and chips and any other snacks they had. Along with liquor. The seats were very comfortable and the flight attendants were very courteous. Overall a great flight."
"Rochester to Ft Lauderdale through Atlanta 3/6/14 - 3/9/14. I was very happy with two aspects and unhappy with one. We taxied from the gate in Atlanta found there were tornadoes in Florida and turned back to the gate. The speed with which we were told what happened and with which Delta decided to bring us back to the gate were beyond anything I've recently experienced from the airlines. I was very impressed with the kindness and quick solution when I got home after the trip realized I left a book on the plane called the airport held it for me and I got it back two days later. My one complaint was with the one hour line to get through TSA at 5 am March 9 in Ft Lauderdale-I think Delta blames this on TSA. Overall very satisfied with Delta."
"Feb 25th flight DL4884 DL4938 / March 4TH DL5355 DL892 DL4682. I had not ever flown with Delta before last week. I have been very impressed with the customer service as well as the price. Atlanta airport was daunting first time round but the second visit was much easier to work through."
"CDG-MIN-DFW - great service - nice staff - managed to get me and my luggage in an 1 hour connection (got on the plane 15 min before take off)."
"I was travelling with my teenage son and 3 others on a flight to Boston. We received excellent service from everyone. The attendants encouraged our tall teenage boys to move to seats with more legroom as the flight was not full and supplied them with all the refreshments they asked for with a smile. They gave us great advise for when we landed. Extra cups of tea were not a problem and also came with delicious cookies! Our return flight a week later was even better with the same crew who were interested in our trip and how we had got on with the snowstorms. They again encouraged us to move for more room and once again all refreshments were served with a smile."
"DL002 London Heathrow to JFK 15th Feb returned on 21st Feb flight KL6005 JFK to London Heathrow. This is the first time I have used Delta Airlines. The value for money was great. The meals were some of the best I have tasted inflight with a good selection. The entertainment was also extremely good with a vast selection to choose from. The staff were not warm and friendly and the plane was not cleaned to a great standard there were peanuts down the side of the chair that had been there for some time. The staff did not know who their partnership airlines were and we were advised to go to a different terminal due too this. Flying home from JFK seats were not allocated until the gate meaning on a night flight my daughter was on the opposite side of the plane to myself."
"Flew from Seattle to Vegas on a \"cosy\" CRJ900. Service was friendly seat comfortable and snacks and drinks on offer were good for a 1hr 45min. Flight and bags were first on the carousel easily worth the extra $70 IMO."
"Feb 7 2014. Frankfurt (Germany) to NYC (USA). All in all I had one of the best long distance flights in a while. The plane itself was new leg space was a lot better than for instance on Air Berlin flights. The safety video was the funniest I had seen. Delta definitely had the greatest selection of films I have seen on the plane although some of them had Russian/Chinese/Korean subtitles but I wasn't disturbed by that. I know a flight is not all about food but I was surprised by the variety of things served. The crew were generally very friendly and served the first round of drinks approximately an hour after take off followed by snacks (pretzels and salted peanuts) a fantastic hot lunch (chicken/rice/vegetables) and tea/coffee straight afterwards. The next round of snacks (same than before) was served a few hours later and 1.5 hours before landing we even got another meal this time a hot tomato-mozarella sandwich followed by ice-cream. I would certainly recommend flying with Delta."
"ATL-DUB Delta 176 in business class leaving Atlanta on November 22 and returning November 30 Delta 177. The food was fantastic and filling. I liked the fact that there was a great selection of entrees both for the main meal and the meal prior to landing. The seat sort of reminded me of L'Espace Affaires on Air France in 2007. That said it was very comfortable. The only downside is that I was unable to sleep. The flight crew going to Dublin was nothing short of fantastic. The flight crew returning was great but not as good as the outgoing crew. The in- flight entertainment was OK. While I didn't explore as much on the outgoing flight I was able to watch 3 movies I had not seen on the return flight. The only real downside is that it cost me nearly double the frequent flier miles to fly for free than it had cost me when I flew Delta to Dublin in 2000. All in all a very positive experience."
"I flew from DUB-JFK-PHX. The transatlantic leg was enjoyable. The flight attendants did several drink runs although they only pour half a can unlike other airlines. Each passenger had their own personal backseat TV and the movie/music/game selection was fantastic. Headphones are provided for those didn't bring their own. Toilets were clean and hot towels are provided to freshen up. The second leg from JFK-PHX was less impressive. Entertainment is provided by an old CRT monitor in the centre of the aisle meaning you have no choice in what you watch. Expect old sitcom reruns. No meals on this flight either despite it being nearly as long as DUB-JFK. The boredom of this flights combined with my hunger meant I couldn't wait to get off. Conclusion: fly Delta transatlantic but avoid for domestic flights within the USA."
"Honolulu to LA First class. Lucked out got a flight that was inbound from Japan so configuration was Intl business. Normally Hawaii routes get the oldest planes with the least amount of comfort. This was a wonderful surprise. Complemented by a wonderful crew that was eager to please with warm excellent service this flight was a pleasure. Great entertainment nice lunch warm service and tail winds."
"GSO-BKK and return via ATL and NRT. All flights on time and no issues with check in and boarding. All the long distance flights were on 747-400. Although you can no longer call these the \"Queen of the Sky\" they still give a comfortable reassuring ride. Delta can be complimented on upgrading their business class product. The fully flat bet is good. The duvet pillows amenity kit (no pyjamas!) and IFE are all excellent though the noise cancelling headset had connection issues on all flights. To compete with the Asian and Middle Eastern carriers though Delta needs to brush up on a few areas. In particular the menu selections and service need to be better but my biggest gripe is with the bathrooms which fully reflect the 25 year age of the plane and at the end of a 13 hour flight. I shall say no more."
"SIN-NRT return. DL 622 and DL 621. Both flights were on 777-200ER equipped with on demand ptv. SIN-NRT: Could not find the USB port to charge my phones on the flight to NRT. Hot breakfast was served at local time 8 am 2hrs into the flight. Hot snack of chicken wrap was served 2 hrs before landing. The odd part was the entertainment programmes were switched off 4 hrs into the flight with no explanation. Most passengers were asleep due to the early departure of the flight at 5.45 am. NRT-SIN: USB port was installed beside the PTV. Hot dinner was served 2 hrs into the flight. Snack of ice cream were served 2 hrs before landing. Crew of Chinese national and Singaporean crew were helpful. Asked if passengers wanted extra ice cream. Self help galley provided Evian water only. DL offers the cheapest fare for direct flights to Japan and will travel with them again."
"ATL-LAS December 2013. Main and pretty much only issue was legroom. In certain configurations of their 757-200 seats 2C/D are bulkhead seats where we were seated and legroom is severely restricted. Other than that it was a pretty average/decent experience. A snack basket containing the typical peanuts pretzels and chocolates was passed around twice. Flight attendants were courteous. The seat had a good amount of width and AC power outlets were available underneath. PTVs were also available with an excellent selection of holiday and other films. Since the flight departed around 9:30pm no complimentary dinner was served. All in all it was an OK flight just beware of the first class bulkhead seats on certain 757 configurations."
"Flew on December 19 DEN-ATL-SRQ and return all flights were on time even with all the delays in the NE. One flight had PTV's on a 757 which was very nice other 3 flights on a md's nicely updated with power outlets in economy comfort which was very nice. Greeted nicely at each gate by name. All staff very professional and better than Delta or American without a doubt!"
"Flew LHR-CUN (via ATL outbound and MSP return) in Business Elite. Pre-flight customer service (via Twitter) was excellent with the one or two queries we had. Check-in fast track security and lounge at LHR T4 very good - much better than BA at T5. Seats (flat beds) very good although foot area a little compact - we're 5'6 and 5'8 so taller travellers may be less happy. Pillow and duvet very comfortable. Food needs more investment - not terrible but not brilliant. In flight entertainment terrific but both our screens skipped and jumped on both legs (we were generously and quickly compensated for this post flight - excellent). Lack of lounge at CUN a bit disappointing on the return. We encountered many Delta staff on the journey - all are a cut above most airlines for the personal human touches. They genuinely engage. On board service excellent and friendly - on the outbound flight two crew (including the purser) came round with chocolates and thanked us for flying Delta they really sounded like they meant it. Will definitely fly Delta transatlantic again."
"Flew from JFK to Las Vegas January 9-12. Check-in was very good even at 6am. I liked the bistro in the waiting area. The plane was clean and orderly. The only real disappointment was the food and drink selection offered with the flight a tablespoon of peanuts or a shy dozen of mini-pretzels. The real disappointment (inflight) was with the entertainment as in none. The screen was jumping (and audio) as if the VCR was old and the screens had rainbow colors to them as if the TV's were well past their prime. Ok no problem I'll listen the music channels nothing not one channel other than the one tied into the screen. I was told by the flight attendant that they no longer offer it. For $600+ a seat it should be a lot better especially since last year was a banner year for profits for the airlines. How sad. This is America's best? Hey Delta pay it forward and invest in your equipment."
"SIN-NRT-SIN. Economy. Delta may fail to meet expectation of many people who fly within the States but for international flight I find they do pretty well. The flight for both legs was on time and actually arrived 30 minutes earlier than scheduled. I love their B777-200LR. I understand that Delta is an American airline so the seat was designed for a typical Caucasian. Thus the seat appears bigger and gave me more than enough space for the size of a typical Asian without upgrading my ticket. Meals were nice with various choice of beverage. There were a lot of choices for IFE from movies to music. Flight attendants were quite nice and helpful. The only minus point probably is long process of check-in at Changi (my bags were checked 3 times before boarding) which I understand due to fear of terror on flights to the US. Overall it was still a good experience especially the first time with Delta. I would definitely fly with them again for my trip to the USA some time in the future."
"Flew from LAX to Haneda (12/22/2013) and from Narita to LAX (12/29/2013). Flights were on time in fact earlier than scheduled. Flight attendants were very courteous not typical of attendants of United States airlines. The online check in and baggage drop center that takes baggage more than 3 hours before flight time make travel a breeze."
"Economy Comfort Manila to Tokyo Narita. The extra $39 is well worth it. Much more peaceful cabin and priority boarding. The extra recline and seat pitch really made a difference. Flight attendants anticipated the needs of passengers. consistently offering snacks and refreshments. they were very courteous and tried to address the concerns of passengers as best they can. I also appreciated the fact that they took the extra effort of addressing me by my name. It was very thoughtful of them."
"DL0117 on 12/29/13 STR to ATL on 767-300ER. 1x2x1 config in Delta's premium cabin remains unbeatable service levels w/Delta generally consistent. This flight even surprised on the upside: excellent menu out of STR and a top notch cabin crew. Is it a throw back to times past when an attendant cares to monitor your Scotch remains 'easy ice' i.e. bring an additional ice cube when needed and without being prodded? That was a crew that made it a joy to fly over the Holidays. Delta wins on many levels these days."
"I recently took a trip from Huntsville AL to OKC from Nov 21-Dec 27th. I found my first flight to be a very pleasant experience but what impressed me was how my return flight was handled. We were late I was due to depart at 3.30 and by the time I checked in it was 3.21. I was booked on the 6.10 flight right then and there. The staff didn't even charge a fee for having to change my flight."
"BOS-AMS-BOS Dec 2013. I don't know when they put the upgraded Airbus 330s into service but it's as good as any business service I've seen on a US carrier. 1-2-1 seating so if you're by the window you're not trapped if the person next to you is in full recline mode. In the usual 2-2-2 format I've always avoided the window but on this service the window seat at 9J worked very well. The seats are on the narrow side for business but you get an individual pod that's narrower in the front (where your feet go) wider in the back; the seats have full recline. Cabin staff on both flights were senior attentive and friendly. On AMS-BOS the genial captain came back before take-off to chat up everyone in business individually. I only used the A/V to track flight progress but the screen is large and pops out of the pod wall. The pillow was comfortable. The amenities kit is about average - the usual socks etc. but nothing special and they don't offer the business amenity that my wife really likes - PJ''s."
"DAL 417 LAX to SYD and DAL 16 from SYD to LAX. Both legs on Delta's 777-200LR in seat 7A. Used kiosk for check-in at both LAX and SYD. The Delta \"business class\" lounge at LAX is nothing more than Delta's normal \"Sky Club\" the facility was overcrowded and like being inside an extremely loud bar. The flights pushed back pretty much on time. Delta's 777-200LR is getting a bit worn looking and the herringbone \"suites\" that face away from the windows (as opposed to the much-better window-facing suites used by carriers like Cathay Pacific) had walls so low that privacy was minimal. I was lucky enough to have seat 7A on both flights; 7A has the advantage of having a closet next to the seat which in effect forms a cave that the seat reclines back into. The set-up is very good for allowing sleep. The flight crews were LA-based both directions seemed to be made up of senior FA's and on balance did a really nice service both directions. The flights featured three meal services - dinner/lunch a mid-flight snack and a light breakfast. The forward and mid galleys had a variety of low end snacks available throughout the flight. The AVOD system is OK (screen sizer and location) but nothing special but it does have available a fairly broad selection of movies. The best part of the flights was my ability to sleep. I am a large guy and I've had real trouble trying to sleep in the flat-bed first and business seats used by British Air Cathay Pacific and Qantas. Delta was a refreshing change. I got 7-8 solid hours of quality sleep time on both flights. Part of the reason is that the FA's move the meal service process along efficiently and get the cabin lights down early into the flight. On arrival although Delta offers BusinessElite passengers a fast-track immigration/customs pass I didn't use them because as a TSA Global Entry cardholder I was able to use the kiosks in both Sydney and LAX. As I only had carryons the total time from plane until I was out of the airport could not have been more than 10 minutes. In the past I've normally flown on Qantas to/from Australia and New Zealand but with Delta's codeshare arrangement with Virgin Australia (an excellent carrier by the way in all respects) and given my outstanding recent experience on Delta's 777 I plan to continue using Delta for my travel to/from Oceania."
"MNL-NRT-JFK (B744/Premium Economy) EWR-ATL(A319/Y) ATL-SNA (B757/Y) SNA-MSP (A319/Y) MSP-EWR (A320/Y) and JFK- NRT-MNL (B744/Y). In general all my flights departed on schedule and on certain occasions even arrived at my destination ahead of schedule. I can safely say that since the last time I flew DL about 2 years ago I noticed a significant improvement in the quality of service. Overall flying experience was very pleasant. Although a lot of the cabin crew are senior I found most to be a lot nicer compared to the grumpy ones in the past. One noticeable improvement was upon boarding. The boarding gate staff are all friendly with special mention to the ones in ATL and JFK T4. They make it a point to greet all passengers by name and with genuine smiles. I was quite impressed by the staff at JFK T4 who took extra time to guide me through the check-in process using the kiosks. They were very helpful and not in a rushed manner. In-flight food on the long-haul flights were decent enough. For the short-haul flights I was able to have as much nuts and pretzels as I want. IFE was pretty good with and easy interface and lots of options to choose from. I thought of trying the premium economy seats and though I'm 6'0\" tall and a little on the heavy side I still didn't find it of much value considering the add-on fee. I really didn't feel much of a difference compared to regular Y. I also found the new seats to be slightly more comfortable and didn't feel as cramped as before. Moreover I've been lucky enough to have entire rows of 3 to myself on most of the flights I took particularly the long-haul ones. It took a bit work checking seat assignments on a regular basis but the effort was well worth. Not only did I get a whole lot of extra space and privacy but extra TV monitors pillow and blankets as well. Much much better than premium economy but at no extra cost. It was an overall pleasant experience flying DL this time."
"Flew DL7 Dubai to Atlanta. Excellent service from staff. Yes I am short so I fit into the sleeper seat and yes if I were taller it would not be a good fit. Screen on entertainment is adequate. Staff was warm attentive and friendly."
"I had to make a last minute trip (same day round-trip) to SFO from LAX on 12/12/2013. I have not flown in economy in years except for Southwest but chose Delta as their price was much lower than Southwest (first class not worth it for this short of flight in my opinion): I booked this trip 10 days in advance. While these flights are branded as Delta they are operated by Compass. I must say that this is an excellent product! My flight to SFO which left at 7.00am left on time and arrived early. In addition a light breakfast snack was served. This flight was half full so I asked for and was given an extra snack to take with me. This kind gesture saved me from having to purchase lunch later. The flight back left SFO at 5.00pm and arrived back on time. This flight was full but the same professional service was received. That being said a snack and drink service helped make a really long day end well. These flights are operated by EMB 175 planes and there are no middle seats only window or aisle. Besides the great price service and on time performance I would recommend this trip as there are assigned seats and clearing security at the Delta terminals in LAX and SFO is much quicker than the Southwest terminals at each airport. I still love Southwest but on this route I have now found a better airline."
"Outward Manchester UK to Miami via Atlanta 5/12/13 and return from Fort Lauderdale 12/12/13. Flight booked in May for a 13/12 return. One month after booking the return ATL-MAN was cancelled by Delta. Automatically rebooked on a flight for the following day. Delta refused point blank to compensate for the inconvenience and extra nights accommodation. As such we chose to fly back a day earlier then our original plans. My request for compensation was a free upgrade from economy to economy plus on the return Atlantic flight. Simply had the terms and conditions quoted to me. Online check in is a joke. Had seats allocated together on each flight but on clicking the change seat option you will find all other seats marked as unavailable. Options were available to upgrade however at a cost. Our expectations for the flight were therefore low on boarding. However both pleasantly surprised with the flight and service. Transatlantic flight on a B767-300 which featured personal seat back TVs. Good choice although the music channels were a little mainstream for my preference. Food more than OK. Plenty of soft drinks offered and alcohol with the main meal. The return flight was on an older model and featured overhead TVs which didn't matter too much as it was an overnight flight and a good hour shorter in travel time than outward. Both internal flights on a B757-200 were adequate. Seat pitch for all four flights was fine typical of an economy flight. Professional cabin crew on all sectors flown. Touch of humour with the Christmas 2013 flight safety video - certainly kept you watching it. All four flights were full in all cabins all had on time departures and arrivals. Apart from the attitude towards a cancelled flight no issues at all with Delta and would certainly fly with them again."
"ATL-JFK Thanksgiving week. Despite Diamond status I was with 2 family members so no upgrade O/B but still managed Economy comfort. Pretty good for 2 hour flight although no IFE. As it was thanksgiving I expected the worst but flight took off on time and landed early. On the return all 3 managed to get upgraded to first. Again pretty good for Thanksgiving Sunday. Landed on time bags already on belt by the time we hauled ourselves from E terminal to bag claim. Overall not bad apart from the price ($500 r/t each) but again it was thanksgiving!"
"MSP-JFK-MXP and return 4 days later. Economy comfort. First time doing this route as I prefer going into and out of Linate - Milan but short notice trip forced itinerary. Very surprised and pleased with the 767 leg (JFK- Milan) wider seats and quieter cabin than the A330's used on MSP-AMS. CRJ 9XX on the way out a bit small for a 2.5 hr flight A319 on return bigger but noisy. JFK transfer a bit of a hassle with on-going construction but new terminal is nice improvement. MXP was a pain to exit on return. Overall Delta experience is improving and remains a decent choice from MSP to Europe. I still prefer Linate over Malpensa at least for now."
"ONT-SLC-CDG-AMS-MME on 2-3 December (some of the flights were on AF and KL metal but it was a Delta ticket with DL flight numbers for all the segments). An unremarkable and hassle-free journey: all flights were on time the vegan meal I requested for the transatlantic leg was there and both I and my suitcase made it successfully through three quite tight connections (though if I hadn't been able to use the Priority lane at CDG as a result of being a Flying Blue gold I don't think I'd have made that one). Delta's refurbished 767-300ERs are a vast improvement on the previous cabin - they're now even nicer than the ex-Northwest A330s. The legroom in economy comfort is such that at 201cm tall I didn't feel cramped at all and the reading light actually lets you read without eyestrain. My only beef here is that the IFE was virtually unviewable because of the constant stream of PA announcements throughout the flight that kept pausing it. After an hour of trying to watch a movie I'd only seen about 20 minutes of actual footage and when someone came on the PA yet again to tell me in French that Delta extends a special welcome to Skyteam partners etc. I gave up and read a book."
"I started flying Delta about a year ago and surprisingly there wasn't much to complain about. After reading a few reviews I was a bit sceptical but I flew them from SIN-NRT-JFK and I enjoyed the flight more than SQ. The flight attendants were warmer and friendly while we departed on time and on schedule without delays. The legroom was better than SQ and was worth the extra cost. The food although small in portions was not as bad as I expected. Overall I would recommend flying Delta."
"ATL-LGA-ATL first class. Very motivated crew on both flights who seemed genuinely concerned about the well-being of the passengers. Catering was adequate for a 2-hour flight although the meal uploaded in Atlanta was of better quality than the one served on the return. Return flight was delayed by 1.5 hours due to mechanical issues but the crew handled it well and tried to assist passengers with connections. Seats somewhat cramped and no IFE on the A320 and A319 I flew on but I was favorably impressed with the crew."
"DL 80/81 ATL-BRU-ATL. Spent a lot of money to fly in Business Elite. Seats comfortable (lay flat) and entertainment system has an amazing selection of options. Food however was so salty and so processed that it was pretty much inedible. Crews on both flights were quite senior and offered good levels of service being most accommodating. However they all lacked a sense of warmth and welcoming. I am a big fan of Delta Air Lines but these flights were somewhat disappointing primarily due to the poor quality of food and beverage provided in both directions."
"Everything was fine however My fianc and I booked together and were seated separately and they wouldn't do anything to try to get us to be close this is something that many people had complaints and passengers would switch seats to be with their loved ones. They also made us check a bag. Very unhappy about having to check that bag (which was smaller than the other bags that made it on and persons that got on after us also didn't have to check their bags). I don't recommend traveling with them. I just wish that they would have sat us next to each other it makes no sense that they didn't."
"SFO-ATL-LIM return in regular economy. I got a great deal from SFO to LIM. My overall experience was good. Service on the domestic legs was better than expected with friendly crews and regular drink runs. The crew also responded to the flight attendant button rather promptly. The weak point was the flight from ATL to LIM which was an older plane without personal IFE. However the LIM-ATL flight was on a more modern plane with IFE and plenty of movie choices all free of charge. Food was ok not great but edible and of sufficient quantity. No free alcohol even on international flights to/from LIM. Transfer in ATL was easy with airline representatives at the gate to assist passengers in the transfer process. Would recommend especially if one can get a good deal."
"I traveled from Charlotte NC to Milwaukee WI and my connection in Detroit was a bit late and there was not time to transfer my suitcases. They did not arrive in baggage claim. But they delivered them 2 hours away in Madison WI on the same day and it was Thanksgiving Day."
"Flew to New York from Dublin with 2 small kids Fri 22 Nov and returned Mon 25. I must say I was very impressed. The cabin crew were pleasant and professional. The plane was full and they were kept busy but they really made my daughters feel special giving them extra cookies drinks passing chat etc. Even when one woman decided to go to the restroom a few seconds before takeoff - a potentially serious situation - they were firm but polite as they leaped down the aisle to make her sit down. IFE worked on all seats and while a couple of inches of extra legroom wouldn't have gone amiss it was fine for a six hour flight. A word about the meals. I've noticed many times that the catering supplied by European companies (ie going out) is far superior to what you get coming back from the USA regardless of airline. But that's the only criticism really. Well done Delta. In my experience you're at least as good as BA KLM and Virgin."
"We flew from Manchester UK to Tampa and as Delta gold members we were upgraded to business and first class due to coach being full. It was a great flight great crew and food 3 days later flew from Tampa to Texas Hobby via ATL in coach. The flights were again great snacks and drinks really good service. I feel if you are nice with their staff they are nice back."
"Early November BE flight JFK-CDG. Clean aircraft competent FA adequate catering but the Delta lounge at T4 is a disgrace. The complimentary wines are not listed anywhere while the charged offerings are both printed and on electronic pads. Salty snacks only or purchase food. Have they visited their partner Virgin Atlantic's BC lounge? On time arrival and good baggage delivery. Very limited movies on this flight."
"On time departure despite chaotic boarding in BE due to a seat configuration change. FA were quite senior and not well groomed especially the purser whose uniform was stained. The FA's were very active with service however. Catering good especially the pre arrival hamburger. Lots of videos although every time there was an announcement (and they seem to make many) my movie reverted to the French language. (CDG-EWR). Pre departure lounge was Air France which was offering a buffet lunch along with many wines champagne and snacks."
"I flew from Chicago to Atlanta. The plane was full the staff very nice and friendly. My only complaint: the cabin was filthy it needed attention and the seats were small I'm a big guy 6 ft and 220 lbs. The flight was a short one if it had been longer it would have been uncomfortable."
"Manchester - Atlanta - San Diego. Plenty of snacks and drinks served. Lunch was good and enjoyable. Good selection of films television and music staff were pleasant and efficient. Temperature of cabin was just right. A very positive experience."
"When my wife and I travel we usually travel with Delta or Alaska. We always travel first class and so cannot comment on how things are in coach however we have never been disappointed with Delta traveling first class. They always treat us well from check-in to in-flight. The planes are always clean and the staff is incredibly attentive. Unlike Alaska they never skimp on the amenities. They serve full size meals and are constantly checking to see if there is anything else they can do to accommodate you."
"I have to say that whilst everyone likes to moan about airlines my recent flight with Delta was great on their services from/to LHR-JFK. The food was also excellent on the outward flight being a vegetarian I requested a special meal and was served minted peas with wild rice and marinated tofu along with a bread roll cheese and crackers and a dessert. Then just before landing we were served Calzone. They certainly don't let you go hungry! On the return journey however the main dish was pasted and vegetables which wasn't to my liking at all but it was a late night flight and I wasn't particularly hungry anyway breakfast then consisted of a cereal bar and a banana. The only gripes I have are that the leg room is cramped - but where isn't it these days! With regard to the on board entertainment whilst having an excellent selection of content was somewhat slow and sluggish and even required re-starting on the return flight. On the ground baggage arrived promptly and check in was also efficient at both airports with staff being courteous and professional. Both flights left before the scheduled departure time and arrived well before their scheduled arrival time in both cases even though on the outward flight there was a delay in passengers boarding. For the price it was truly excellent."
"My husband and I took a vacation back to the Midwest. We flew Delta from LAX to Minneapolis to Milwaukee with the reverse for the return flights. I was really dreading this - I have MS and knew I would be using a wheelchair. Everything was great! Flights were on time and the pilot and crew were so kind friendly and helpful. My husband and I are tall and we were pleasantly surprised to have ample leg room. Also Delta did a great job with the video on pre-flight safety notes. No one seems to listen to the actual stewards and stewardesses when it comes to this but the video had everyone's attention in this digital age. I definitely recommend flying Delta."
"SFO to SLC and SLC to LAX in First. Old Airbus 320 on first leg. Interesting no life vests on board just the 'buoyant' seat cushion. Newish 737-800 on leg to LAX. Excellent service and attention from Hawaiian based crew best of any American airline I have traveled on. Both flights on time check in very quick and luggage appeared rapidly. Would recommend."
"SFO-LAX LAX-KOA KOA-LAX LAX-SEA SEA-CDG. Very nice experience (again) with Delta. I love Delta upgrade policies on internal flights everything is clear and fair you know at any time why you have been upgraded or not. All flights on time cabin crew smiling all the time and very professional. Very nice food. Twice upgraded with my ElitePlus status. Delta Economy comfort seats really worth."
"I flew from Toronto to Atlanta Atlanta to Cancun and Cancun to Atlanta. The seats were very comfy with a good recline especially between Atlanta and Cancun. Crew was very polite but the food choice was very poor. My flight between Toronto and Atlanta was the worst. It was operated by express jet on the behalf of Delta Airlines: poor food was served and the crew wasn't helpful at all. The seats were very hard. Definitely a bad flight. I recommend to fly with Delta airlines despite all but avoid to fly with it subsidiary express jet."
"On our outbound flight the crew ensured some people with \"carry on\" luggage checked their luggage prior to boarding. It appears that many of these \"carry on\" suitcases would not fit into the guide at the check in counter. Often these suitcases barely fit into the overhead. We only take on to the flight my husband's CPAP my purse his small back pack with his meds and my carry-on shoulder bag. All these items fit under the seat in front of us. On our way back people had these \"carry on\" suitcases and one woman had 2! Neither of which fit under the seat. I had a man beside me with a large backpack that he did not stow. He left it standing under his legs. As a result his foot was under the seat in front of me! Where are my feet supposed to go? He should have been told to either stow this backpack in the overhead bins if it did not fit under the seat. Then to add injury to insult I was going to put my umbrella into the overhead and was told that it may impede stowing suitcases! When the service came around I asked for a Bloody Mary mix no ice. The flight attendant complained that this would take more than half a can I don't want ice as it waters down the drink and it's cooled enough. I check all airlines to find the best price I can find. For this trip it was Delta (Alaska). But just because I may find a good price does not mean that I should be treated this way."
"Flight DL241 from Rome to Atlanta. Great flight and service from stewards. We even couldn't fill the 11 hour flight. Great attitude and always busy."
"Flew Delta Connection (ExpressJet) from Gainesville Florida to Atlanta. Flight was on time and actually arrived ahead of schedule. ExpressJet (DBA Delta Connection) much better than when ASA flew this route as Delta Connection."
"Took 4 Delta flights over the summer Amsterdam-Boston Boston-Atlanta Atlanta-Chicago and Boston-Amsterdam on each of the flights the cabin crew were very friendly and attentive (especially the Atlanta-Chicago flight) were relaxed and seemed to enjoy their job. Seats on all flights were very comfortable and the inflight entertainment on the two international segments was very comprehensive. Plenty of legroom too. Full meal service and hot towels were provided on the international segments which was much appreciated. Domestically Free drinks and snacks were offered which is really all that was required for these flights. I will recommend Delta to my friends and family and look forward to flying with them again along with their partner KLM they offer an excellent route network."
"with a group of 86 flying DL16 and 17 SYD-LAX return Sept/Oct 2013. this is the second large group experience on this route with Delta the last being four years ago. As in the last I have nothing but praise for Delta. Check- ins with lots of excess/oversized luggage were most efficient and very quick indeed. The ground staff at both terminals were polite well trained and accommodating. The self check-in computers in LAX were very intuitive and easy to use. Both flights were on time. Inflight service was excellent. Flying the return route in the back of economy I noted how little wait there was for meals after the service had started. Again the service was not only quick but accommodating and compared very well to Singapore; my personal benchmark. The food was fine for economy class airline fare. The entertainment options were comprehensive. Perhaps the airline could upgrade its earphones a little. Seating was comfortable. The Comfort Economy which I used on the outward bound trip was well and truly worth the money. Most importantly Delta has its own terminal at LAX; meaning you avoid the general admissions hall. This is an excellent reason in itself to choose the airline on the SYD-LAX route."
"29th Sep from Shanghai to Tokyo on DL296 and from Tokyo to Shanghai by DL295 on 5th Oct. I took the flight to and fro from Shanghai to Tokyo. it was a nice experience. The safety presentation that they provide is really unique. Food Quality was also excellent. Staff was very polite inside the airline but Staff at Tokyo Airport Check-In counters were rude and unfriendly and I hope Delta can do something about it as it spoils the image of the airline. The flights were on time and my kids really enjoyed the in-flight entertainment."
"6 sectors with Delta in last 3 month. Winnipeg-Minneapolis-Amsterdam on July 10th Amsterdam-Minneapolis-Winnipeg on August 19th then Winnipeg-MSP-LaGuardia on August 27th. All flights except one on time great service provided by cabin crew. On long haul flights hot towels were offered which is very nice touch. Great food and beverages. Bags delivered promptly on arrival. Delta prices and customer service is definitely competitive. Will fly with them again!"
"Man to SFO via Atlanta. New York to Manchester via Atlanta. Both Manchester flights on A330 very comfortable seating is 2x4x2 with each seat having its own inflight entertainment. Other sectors on A319/b737. Service on all the flights was excellent very friendly staff. A lot better than American. Reserved seats together on all flights when booking saved a lot of problems at check in. Transfer in Atlanta was quick and efficient well within 90 minutes suggested. Flights were a good deal."
"AUS to JFK JFK to NCE flight DL 1972 and DL 0082. Return NCE to AMS to ATL to AUS. DL 9497 and DL0239 with ATL to AUS DL 0686. I prefer Delta when flying American carriers and they're my no. 2 choice for all airlines Air France being my no. 1. In a trip this month to France flying into Nice I would have few complaints. An issue I've not encountered before rather two issues are the problem of the midplane lavatories next to the exit row seats and Deltas food service. I'll leave it to the reader to figure the issues with the lavatories and in fairness it should be an issue for all airlines flying the 767. Food however is a real issue. I have never had worse airline food than these two trips. When a convenience store Hot Pocket rates over Delta's offerings there is a real problem."
"LHR-JFK-LAX-LHR (via Detroit). I purchased the tickets for almost 300 cheaper then the British Airways / Virgin Atlantic equivalent - and it was money well saved! To JFK had great pitch in 767 economy great food drink and snacks and the on demand touch screen entertainment meant the flight went really quick. All the internal flights were on 757s and they were as equally as good and all had touch screen on demand entertainment which I wasn't expecting. It's right to say that American airlines have a bad reputation but my perception has changed and when I come back to the USA next year I will fly delta. The product is on par if not better then the other airlines and would recommend them."
"LAX-JFK DL1762 Sep 19 JFK-SEA DL 161 Sep 22. Business elite 767. Excellent experience especially for domestic service. Truly international service with lie flat seats duvets and quite good food. Service was efficient and warm. Would definitely choose this again over most other carriers on these routes."
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Orlando. This was my first time flying Frontier. I grew up as a pilot's kid and flew all over as a kid. I was happy to see what looked like a new A321 with the latest Frontier livery on the exterior along with the winglets. Online check-in was easy. Had boarding pass in hand. The ticket was around 25 dollars, and I paid another 95 dollars for a carry on and one checked bag. My carry on was a backpack for my laptop/wallet/phone misc items. Because I sat in 1F my book bag had to get stowed in the overhead compartment. I think this is an FAA rule, but for the life of my it makes no sense. Window seat with no emergency door, no one is going to trip over my book bag in an emergency. But not the airline's fault. The interior appeared very new, seats modern. Seat comfort was ok, only a little over 2 hours. Had this been a three hour or longer flight, this could be uncomfortable. Seats are pretty hard, despite how cool they look. I let everyone else board first, pretty much, and stretched out in the terminal for as long as possible. I declined any in flight purchases. Brought my own snacks. People complain about having to pay for bags, carry-on bag restrictions, having to pay for food in flight etc, but the ticket is only 25 bucks, go find somewhere else to complain. After climbing through 10,000 feet they did give me back my book bag. This experience was great. Unfortunately my return leg is with another airline due to my schedule. Flying back on a Sunday and need to be back as early as possible."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Nashville. Before booking with Frontier I read the reviews. Most were negative. I decided to book anyway and I am glad I did. Our flight was not only on time but early arriving in Nashville. The check in was easy and everyone was friendly. Because I had researched I knew I needed to buy my seat, pay ahead for checked bags and bring my own snacks. Because of the great experience and the low prices I will be flying with Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Memphis. I missed my flight on September 30 and was rebooked for the 2 October. My past experience with flying haven't always been great, but this one was amazing. Yes my flight was delayed a few times due to the massacre there but we were giving food vouchers twice, we were in the safest place in the city and keep informed. The crew both ways were wonderful and the pilots were amazing. Just wanted to say thank you for making my trip a good experience."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Phoenix. Frontier is not luxury and does mean exactly what it says, no frills. However, it got me from Atlanta to Phoenix relatively comfortably, safely and inexpensively. The crew were courteous enough but did seem focused on selling something. Whether it be drinks, snacks or credit cards they were determined to make the extra dime. My backpack worked fine, I drank a cup of free water and got the aisles seat I wanted so I didn't spend an extra dime. Both flights were early and I arrived impressed and pleased with all the money I saved. Not a single issue to complain about!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Cleveland. My family was in Orlando during the hurricane warnings. We had originally had airlines to leave on Saturday the 9th. Frontier sent us an email offering a flight out on 9/7 at 7am. We went ahead and booked that as well. They offered these flights at $29 dollars. Very affordable and not gouging like other airlines at this time. Words cannot convey how blessed we are to have received this offer from Frontier. We called in and not only did they change our flight but credited back money from the flight on Saturday. They got us out and also took people on stand by. They waited to get as many people out as possible. The pilot, and flight attendants were all helpful and caring. The pilot said the crew was out of Maui and what an amazing crew!! We have flown with Frontier several times before and have never had any issues at those times . Only good things to say about them. Thank you Frontier for what you offered and got us out of Orlando in time. If we wouldn't have had the other offer Frontier gave to us and changed ticket dates we would of been stuck as they are closing the airport. We give Frontier a thumbs up and will use them often for other travel destinations. Thank you Frontier for helping us and making a way out."
"Verified Review | I would like to request a special thank you to the Frontier Check in staff from Miami International Airport. On September 5th at 7 pm, I was traveling to Las Vegas with my husband and due to Irma hurricane alert we decided to cancel out trip at the last moment unexpectedly. They were extremely helpful and we are very satisfied with the way they handle and understand our situation. It is people like this that make companies like Frontier take hospatality to the next level of customer service. Thank you again."
"Verified Review | Denver to San Francisco. Flying to San Francisco the trip is off to a rough start. Not making two separate flights (luggage complications) we were referred to the airlines dispute department? The customer service rep went above and beyond, while all flights were booked out of DEN, she put us on a flight out of Colorado Springs - with no flights left out of Denver she was able to get us on a flight out of a nearby city. I love it when customer service reps are solutions based. She stayed on the phone with us for 45 minute and found a way."
"Verified Review | I have flown with Frontier Airlines for about 7 year so now. For the first few years I really disliked their customer service and everything else about them. Their cheap flights surely reflected in their services. However over the years I've grown to understand that if you are smart and take your time and understanding Frontier and how they operate, then your flight won't cost any more than the price reflected after taxes and fees. You don't have to pay for a seat. You don't have to pay for a personal item like a backpack or small item, that is smaller than a traditional carry on. Those are optional. Many people see the seat selection and bag selection and believe it's mandatory, but it isn't. Just press continue and you'll have your seat selected for you. As long as you are at the airport and are at the counter to check any baggage within 45 minutes of your flight, then you can check in and check your bag. Any sooner past 45 minutes til your flight, even at 44 minutes? And you will not be able to check you bag or check in. In all reality Frontier leaves your success up to you. They are an amazing airline as far as cost goes and they have many options that allow you to customize your experience. Anyone with any other opinion? isn't doing it right. I fly with Frontier now at least 3 times a month. And I wouldn't change it for anything. Because if I did? I couldn't afford to even fly 1 time a month, let alone 3."
"Verified Review | I recently flew a non-stop flight from Cleveland to San Diego to pick up my children after their summer break and back to Cleveland from San Diego. After all the bad reviews I was expecting the worst, after all I purchased the tickets for 50% off. I was incredibly impressed! The night before, I had to call Frontier to find out about my children receiving an escort to get them through security and meet me on the other side, their customer service was so helpful and patient giving me info about how to obtain a gate pass. I felt well informed of their carry on policy and that only a personal item was included but just to make sure at the gate, I asked. She gladly stepped out to take a look for me. I was expecting an old beat up plane that I'd have to be saying prayers the entire way that I'd make it there safely but instead I walked onto a very clean, new plane. The seats did not recline, but were comfortable enough to take a few naps. The plane wasn't too crowded, so staff informed us that we can change seats after take off. They do charge for snacks and drinks, but I packed some snacks for my kids for the flight home and they didn't have one complaint. Overall, I would definitely recommend, their staff are wonderful and seeing how I paid just about $300 for 4 tickets to fly across the country, you really can't beat that."
"Verified Review | As a first time flyer I must say I was happy with my experience flying from Ft Lauderdale to Cincinnati. Turbulence was little rough at times even at 36,000 feet but not the airlines fault. Flight arrived 25 minutes early at our destination. Crew were friendly and professional. Pilot greeted us as we boarded and was friendly. I would recommend Frontier to my friends and family and plan on using them again. Only thing I would add is personally I would have liked to hear the captain announce when we cross over state lines if possible. Not sure if that is something that is done on other flights or maybe I'm the only person who would care to know such things. Overall great experience for me as a first timer."
"Verified Review | I had a simple non-stop flight from Orlando to Raleigh Durham. Knowing the baggage fees, I only took a backpack which fit under the seat in front of me. The only issue with the flight was about a 45 minute delay which was not clearly explained. From my observation it seemed to be first of all some delay in loading checked luggage and then also some issues with passengers who had carry on luggage and were not clear on the policy. Whether that was their own fault or a travel agents, I do not know. I feel as though you should be well informed of what you're signing up for on these budget airlines and if you plan accordingly you'll have no problems. The flight itself was ~85 minutes and there were no problems after take off. Very professional flight staff. Being such a short flight I had no need for food/beverage service or wifi. A round trip flight on this route with any of the primary carriers would cost twice as much and probably have a layover - I would opt for Frontier 10 times out of 10. With that said - if you have any carry on or checked luggage, taking a 2 hour + flight or have multiple connectors I can see how the problems could quickly arise and add up. If you have a trip that will fulfill any of those options, might want to go with a primary carrier."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Charlotte. This my first time flying with Frontier Airlines. So many bad reviews regarding seats and having to pay for luggage. But I read all of the must do and don't. And I was pleasantly treated and was not given any problems with my bag, even though it didn't fit in the free carry on slot at Airport. Use American Tourister Weekend bag and was not given a problem. Everyone was very nice. Was a delay but due to weather. Will Fly again with Frontier."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Cleveland. I have heard so many bad reviews about Frontier but was waiting to fly before I made any judgements. We were delayed about 40 minutes, but how can you hold a delay because of severe storms against the airlines. From the time I verified my flight through the help of a associate via phone because my internet was down, to the boarding of the plane, I had nothing but a very good experience. Thank-you Frontier Airline for making the ending of my vacation a lasting memory."
"Verified Review | Austin to Philadelphia. I was nervous about flying with Frontier after reading so many horrible reviews but was pleasantly surprised. Frontier made it very clear to me on their website that they charge for bags, seats, and additional drinks. I made sure that even with all the additional charges, that my ticket would be cheaper than the other airlines. If you're going to be flying with additional family members, perhaps you should not fly with Frontier because of all the additional costs. The seats are going to be less comfy and no outlets or TVs on the aircraft. That's how Frontier keeps its tickets cheap. I flew direct from Austin to Philly and back with no delays or issues. The flight attendants and pilots were very accommodating. I did not pay for comfortable seats or sodas to drink on the plane. I would definitely fly with Frontier again for the amazingly cheap prices and efficiency!"
"Verified Review | I was very reluctant to fly on Frontier due to so many horrible reviews. I had an emergency family situation and Frontier had a non-stop from Portland to Cleveland with the lowest fare I've ever found ($104 base price before bags), so I decided to take a chance on a 'no-frills' carrier. (My usual airline is Alaska). My flights to and from Portland were exactly on time, and boarding was very efficient. The Airbus plane was very clean, the flight attendants were excellent - good-humored, friendly, helpful with special requests, and genuine real people, culturally diverse. I was particularly impressed when the person in front of me asked a flight attendant how to get a job at Frontier and the attendant took a really long time with her, coming back as she had time to answer more questions. She was entirely positive and encouraging about the benefits of working for Frontier and went way beyond what I would have expected. She gave a great 'face' to Frontier. The flight itself was very smooth, but the captain was very cautious when there was a chance of turbulence to warn us, get people back to seats, and lift the seatbelt sign as soon as possible. In most cases, I could tell there was a change in altitude or speed and turbulence was avoided. (I'm a nervous flyer so I appreciate that.) There is not much available in the way of food and beverages, but it seems to me that the 'happy hour' alcohol promotion 2 for 1 deals were over-promoted, and I watched people around me drink way too much and get annoyingly loud. I've certainly seen that on other airlines, but I've never seen happy hour price promotion like this. The aircraft itself was very clean and the attendants came regularly to pick up trash and remind people to get it out of the seat pocket. As to value, I wonder if making bags always paid for whether carry on or checked makes sense, since everyone staying more than one day is likely to have a bag, so why not include it in the fare? But for business there-and-back travel this could be an excellent deal. My one and only negative is that the seat was way too hard. Nice, cleanable vinyl, but almost no padding. I had to keep standing up to relieve the discomfort. I did see another flyer had brought his own inflatable seat cushion, so I might try that next time. For the price I paid, this was an excellent experience and I will absolutely attempt to find Frontier flights when my routes allow it. Glad I took the chance."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Orlando. Excellent customer service! Not one single issue while flying, friendly staff, clean, comfortable, all around great experience. I recently booked again and had an issue with the website. After emailing customer service, the issue was resolved in under 30 minutes. I could not be more happy with the airline and will always recommend their incredible service and, of course, low fares!"
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Portland via Denver. Before flying Frontier Airlines, I was an exclusive Delta customer. I decided to try Frontier after seeing the outrageously overpriced of tickets from the Midwest (IND) to the Northwest (PDX or Seattle.) Now, after flying both airlines, I can say that there is little difference between my experiences with Frontier and Delta. There are a few differences which include more comfortable seats, a free carry-on bag and free snacks and beverages on Delta, but that is about it. It is so worth it to pack a backpack (as my \"free personal item\" for Frontier) and to buy snacks and a drink at the airport because I saved over $300 on my ticket!"
"Verified Review | Denver to Nashville. Initially was worried about flying Frontier Airlines after reading some of the reviews. I was prepared for the worst, but the experience was great, flights on time even arriving early, staff friendly. Would definitely fly Frontier Airlines again and recommend."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines. I had read the reviews prior to flying and was so worried, I am so thankful I didn't panic. We flew from Seattle to New Orleans connecting in Denver. Flight left on time and we even landed 15 minutes early, same with the flight from Denver to New Orleans! The cabin crew were excellent and both planes were very clean."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier from Chicago O'Hare to Orlando. I was a bit worried after reading the negative reviews, but all went well during our flights both there and back. Check-in was fast, all bags arrived on time there and back. I had a stroller and car seat which arrived safely without any damage. I would fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | We were stranded in Los Angeles trying to go back to Charlotte with terrible delays on departure flights. We booked with Spirit Airlines going to Denver to pick up our Frontier Airlines flight connection. Spirit didn't do anything to help us and even said that it wasn't their responsibility. No help. Then Frontier stepped up and offered up a free tickets for me and my husband to go to Denver to pick up our connection. This is almost a miracle, we are boarding now happy to be able to return home as planned. Thanks only to Frontier Airlines. Thank you so much, you deserve an awesome review!"
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Las Vegas. I had a very good experience with Frontier Airlines. My flights were both early arrival time. The plane ride was smooth. The flight attendants were very nice. I bought my seats and paid for a carry on but my bill was still only $270 for both me and my daughter round trip. I am very pleased with Frontier."
"Verified Review | I flew from Washington DC to Denver for a business trip with Frontier Airlines and the flight was great. I will agree with others that the seats are a bit uncomfortable however there was plenty of leg room. Sure you don't get inflight entertainment but bring a book. It's also not a big deal that you have to purchase soda. You do get water complimentary and if you need snacks make sure to buy them ahead of time in the airport. The thing I don't like is that you have to pay for carry on and seat assignment but otherwise it was a good, smooth flight on a clean plane. I had a direct flight and no issues with delays. I will fly them again."
"Unverified | Me and my three children took a flight from San Francisco to Washington through Denver. The process was perfect. When you book on Frontier, you need to understand the terms and conditions. Don't check a bag. Take a small carry on. Bring food and drinks, or be prepared to pay for them. Its really easy to be successful if you understand how this airline works, and that it is a discount airline. The planes were perfect, flight attendants were nice. Good experience and I will fly them again!"
"Verified Review | Cancun to Cleveland. There was a mechanical problem that was dealt with as best they could. We were delayed but given vouchers to use for a flight in future. Yes, a delay, was inconvenient. But certainly better than having trouble in flight. Would certainly fly Frontier again. Overall a very pleasurable flight!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Punta Cana. Normally I am not a type who would write reviews. But we were really wowed by the in-flight service we experienced. In February me, and my sister decided to take a trip to Punta Cana and meet up with our brother and his family who flew in from Europe. My sister was in-charge of booking the trip, and at first I was not happy with her choice to fly with Frontier Airlines. Frontier being a budget airline, and the reputation of nickel and dime'g by the budget airlines was kind a turn off for me specially flying international. From the moment we settled in the seat I was wrong about the perception I had of Frontier Airlines. The seats were very comfortable and one flight attendant was exceptionally friendly and kind. Hardly ever experienced the kind of friendliness and welcoming attitude from a flight attendant ever before. We constantly bugged him to buy more drinks and nuts and he was always there with a smile."
"Unverified | Tampa to Las Vegas. I was hesitant to travel thru Frontier after reading some of the reviews. However, it was the only Non stop flight available, so my wife and I decided to take it. I am glad we did, it was nothing like the reviews. We got the stretch seats, very affordable flight and arrived on time. Staff was great. I would highly recommend it and I would fly with them again."
"Unverified | Chicago to Palm Beach. We had a good flight. Upon reading others reviews, we were prepared for our trip. Here are the negative things I read about, and how I feel about it now. You are allowed one personal bag. We (7 of us) had no problems with this. We had everything we needed in one backpack. No food or drinks on the plane. We knew this as well, just make sure you eat before or buy snacks before you get on the plane. Uncomfortable seats. Our flight was short (under 3 hours) so it wasn't so bad. I wouldn't recommend using Frontier for international travel as that might get a little uncomfortable. Plane was clean. Everyone we encountered with Frontier Airlines was very nice and accommodating. Our flights were on time. We arrived 2 hours early just to make sure that we got checked in. (I read that some people were denied access because of a late arrival) Again, we each had one bag that fit under our seats so no lost luggage. If we lost it, it was on us. Hope this helps!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to San Diego. The night before my flight I read the negative reviews about Frontier airlines and freaked out. I thought to myself wow this is going to be a disaster. However, I have to say from the beginning to the end, it was great. I got a great last minute deal and had no problems. I feel that the people that have a disaster flight tends to vent the negativity. My favorite part about the flight was their food and drink menu, it had a wonderful selection, happy hour deals! Must I say anymore. I've flown all airlines and never seen this. I wanted to speak out amongst all the negativity against them. I flew for half the price and \"flew right\" as they say."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Denver. I've flown with Frontier several times, and every flight has been on time or early. They have the feel of \"we're a growing airline, and we want to earn your business\". I like their model of connecting medium / large cities, cheaper than the mainline airlines. I had to go to a funeral in Atlanta, which would have been well over $1000 on a mainline airline, but was $200 on Frontier. Without that fare, I would not have been able to go. That meant a lot to me. I bought a roundtrip ticket from CVG to Denver, and added The Works package. Well worth it, because I got a nice seat, checked luggage, changeable/refundable ticket, and it was still far cheaper than a mainline airline. Frontier's pun emails are hilarious. I honestly look forward to reading them. My favorite so far is, \"Going on vacation? Alpaca my bags!\""
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Charlotte, and I had no problems flying with Frontier Airlines. Checking in was easy. The staff was courteous, informative and it was a smooth flight. Be sure to have a debit card because drinks and snacks cannot be purchased with cash. I will be flying with Frontier Airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Philadelphia with Frontier Airlines. Given all the extremely negative reviews I felt the need to share my experience. Frontier is a discount airline. There are no \"hidden fees\". They beat you over the head with all of their fees. \"Book your bags now for $25. If you book at airport it will be $50\". How people are surprised by this I do not know. You can easily log into their website. Calculate the seat fees. Luggage Fees etc and then compare to other airlines. The plane was nice - I was shocked. Plane took off on time and landed early. Yay! So based on this one flight I would give them a 10/10. I would use them again if I ever needed to travel for cheap and wasn't on a strict timeline."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Atlanta. After reading the negative comments about Frontier, I was pretty nervous to give them a chance. I had to be in Atlanta last minute and they by far had the best fares. I'm a very nervous flyer and always choose airlines with the best ratings so this was definitely a first. Well needless to say, it was a fantastic experience and I will definitely fly them again. As long as you are prepared (as you should be) with extra fees, it's not a big deal. Also, you are allowed a pretty decent size purse for free. The seats are not bad. Granted my flight was not super long but they are in a semi reclined position and I dozed just fine. In my opinion, the seats are actually similar to some on AA and United flights as far as size and recline position. Yes, they don't cover the back of the seats with fabric and the trays are small but who really cares? I expected no legroom as I didn't upgrade and that was actually not a problem either. My legroom was the same as on my last AA flight. The flight attendants were just as nice as the ones on EVERY other airline I've flown, I didn't deal with the desk attendants directly. They came on at the same time as on every other airline clerk desk (a little prior to boarding). They seemed helpful and got a few last minute people on our flight who missed their last flight. You can bring snacks and drinks so you don't have to pay for them. I don't think the savings is worth complaining about pretzels and a small cup of soda. The pilots were great and more talkative during flight then I've ever experienced (which is fantastic when you are a nervous flyer). And finally, our flight was early arriving both going and returning."
"Verified Review | Great experience flying on Frontier from Cincinnati to Las Vegas. I paid the extra for the roomier seats and knew the carry on was more expensive than checked bag, so I put everything in checked and saved money by not taking a carry-on. The check in personnel were very polite as were the gate crew and flight crew. Flight was on time both ways. I bought my own drink and snacks so didn't have to worry about buying food on the plane. All prices are disclosed when you book, so plan accordingly. I do miss the TV's that they used to have. And all seats have shrunk on all transportation anymore, unfortunately. Will definitely fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Nashville to San Diego via Denver with Frontier. After reading the number of negative reviews prior to my flight, I was concerned about my booking. The reality, I had a wonderful experience. It is true that you pay for baggage and seat assignment, but that is advertised upfront prior to purchase of ticket, so a traveler should not hold that against the company, because it was not a hidden cost. The only negative I saw was that they did not have a representative to check baggage before 2 hours of the flight, but again, to lower the cost of airfare, they cut the cost of staffing during those times. I like getting to airports early, but that again is not a fault of the airline. Once the line opened to check baggage, it was quick. My flights were on time for the most part. Departure was a little late leaving Nashville, but was not the fault of Frontier. We arrived on time in Denver and my connecting flight to San Diego was also on time."
"Return leg of my journey. Austin to Chicago flight boarded early, efficient boarding and loaded with in 15 minutes. Flight was full, discount fares do help. Departed the gate early. Flight crew was very professional, courteous and fun. Offerings were at a cost, but that is expected. Flight arrived Chicago about 35 mins early. Always a bonus. Seat comfortable and leg room great. If you have the time and might have to leave the next day, give them a shot. If not, you might want to stick with a legacy carrier, at a higher cost."
"We are all aware that Frontier is a no-frills airline offering discounted travel to many US destinations. In a recent search of flights between Chicago and Austin, TX, Frontier's fare blew away the competition. However, with that said, Frontier has a lot of add-ons. Bag on board $30+, Seat Selection $20+, Checked Bag $30+, Drinks on board $1.99 + (even Water and Coffee). Alas this is their mantra. With knowing that I still purchased the fare, added on their \"Works\" option - Free Carry On, Free Checked Bag, Choice of extra leg room seat, Zone 1 Boarding and ability to change or ask for a refund without penalty! Why not. Flight was full, boarding was quick and easy and the flight left the gate early, as well as arrived early in Austin by 1/2 hour. Seat was comfortable, attendants were very warm and nice and if you wanted anything to consume or eat, you had to pay. All in all, it was what they advertised."
"Verified Review | I would definitely fly Frontier again, our flight from Raleigh Durham to Philadelphia departed on time. I paid extra for the front seats with extra legroom which was worth it and pretty comfortable. The aircraft was very clean and new, the staff were courteous and attentive, that goes for counter staff and flight attendants. I did look into other carriers and with paying for upgrades Frontier still came in cheaper. I understand that they are an ultra low cost carrier and paying for extras and upgrades is to be expected. If people would just do some simple research before they book they would understand how their booking process works."
"I flew from Las Vegas to Austin, Texas on April 23 of this year with Frontier Airlines. The initial fare was quite low, however with the add-ons the total cost came out about the same as American, but I would have to stop and or change planes in either Phoenix or Dallas Fort Worth as well as leaving early in the morning. The timing was what I liked about this flight and it was also cheaper than Southwest. The fare, the charge for a carry on and a checked bag and the additional fee to choose a nicer seat was all fine with me. The cabin was clean and looked fairly new and the inflight service was fine. The lead flight attendant was snappish at first but she settled down after a while and asked if I would move to the bulkhead so that an ill passenger in the back could move to my seat and have a row of three so he could lay down. This same passenger passed out at the boarding gate and EMT's came to the gate, sorted him out and allowed him to fly. I purchased 2 vodkas, a can of Bloody Mary mix, a tube of Pringles chips and I think water which was totaled on the flight attendant's tablet and when I went to sign was surprised to notice a box asking if I wanted to leave a tip for the attendant-this was a surprise to me and I declined. All in all it was what it was-air travel in the 21st century-and the old adage \"You get what you pay for\" applied to this flight."
"Milwaukee to Las Vegas with Frontier Airlines. Very friendly staff, very personal, quick boarding. The extended seating fit my husband who is 6'4\". Both trips back and forth to Las Vegas were quiet and relaxing, no issues at all. The flight was actually early to both destinations which was amazing to us."
"Salt Lake City to Denver. I had an amazing experience with Frontier Airlines. I am military and was able to change my flight at last minute notice and the supervisor, check in attendants, and flight attendants were very helpful and friendly. I will recommend Frontier to friends and family."
"I have flown Frontier Airlines 4 times this winter between Cleveland, Ohio and Tampa, Florida. Every time it has left on time and arrived early. In January, I actually flew for 15 dollars each way non stop! I have high regards for this airline so far! I did not check any bags or pick a seat so I got the best deal around!"
"Verified Review | I was concerned about flying Frontier when I read all the negative reviews, but I had no issues with them at all. My first flight arrived 50 minutes early, and my flight home was on time. I got to pick my own seats so I chose expanded leg room and I was very comfortable. Face it, no airlines offer much more room than the others. I had to pay to check my bag and for snacks on the plane but I have to say my experience was great and I will fly Frontier again."
"My husband booked a flight on Frontier Airlines for our vacation. We left Atlanta to fly to Las Vegas. I had never flown with Frontier so went online to look at the reviews, all were negative. I was concerned about what my flight was to be and how I was to be treated. When we got there, we were received by a very polite and friendly employee at the desk. The plane was on time both ways. The airline employee's were polite and friendly. We received only top treatment. However, just be prepared that you do not receive free drinks like the other airlines, but must pay for them. Other than this, Frontier was no trouble."
"My wife and I were pleasantly surprised by the service on Frontier Airlines when we flew from Chicago to Los Angeles and back. The ground personnel and aircraft crew were polite and professional at both airports and on both flights. Both flights left on time, and arrived early. The seats did not recline, but they were set at a comfortable angle, and were newer and made of a comfortable padded synthetic leather upholstery (not cloth). We were allowed one smaller carry on bag for free, and we were charged $35 each way for each carry on bag in the overhead compartments. But that fee got us Zone 1 priority boarding, no matter where our seats were located. The price of the tickets even including the carry on baggage fee was still far lower than most other airlines. Overall a great trip and I recommend this airline for future travel."
"Frontier is a budget airline. If you're flying with lots of baggage you will want to price check with other airlines that include baggage. I've flown Frontier from Houston to Denver and Houston to Las Vegas. I've flown friends and family out to visit me from those locations as well. It's great for a weekend or 3-4 day visit. Seating is not incredibly comfy, but as someone who is 5'8\" and 140lbs the seat fits me well enough and was fine for the less than 3 hour journey. My father is 6'1\" and he fits the seat as well. He preferred an aisle for the room to stretch out. The tray table is small, but I was able to prop my Kindle Fire 8.9\" table up on it to watch using the stand on the cover. Food and drink : not tried any of the snacks (I brought my own). The first trip I was on crutches and didn't want to walk back to a vending machine in the airport so I bought a soda on the flight : cost $1.99 for a can. A little pricey but with $38 roundtrip for the flight, that put me at exactly $40 for a round trip to Denver. Boarding and staff: all the flights I've taken have boarded within 10 minutes of listed boarding time, no delays, and have arrived early. One flight had a medical emergency on the flight, but still landed in a timely manner. The staff has always been friendly or at the very least non-cranky. Some people just don't have bubbly personalities but were still polite. When on crutches everyone was insanely nice, giving me extra time for boarding, helping me stow my crutches in the overhead and getting them out for me at the end. Prices - subscribe to their e-mails! I cannot stress this enough! I find that they cycle some amazing promos every month or so and you can get incredibly discounted trips as long as you're flexible on your dates and are booking 1-2 months out. I've flown Denver for $38 and Vegas for $75. That's round trip, non-stop. I can't even drive there for that price! Get the e-mails. Be flexible. Understand what counts as a free personal item: a backpack. I recommend the Motherlode Weekender JR if you're flying them often. It's a good investment that meets the dimensions. I also used a dell laptop backpack I have that meets them as well. Use the app for your boarding pass! No fee and it's super easy. Who travels without their phone these days? Great budget airline if you shop the promos and pack light."
"Orlando to Washington with Frontier Airlines. My first flight in 3 years and a fear of flying. Checkin was simple and fast. Staff friendly and nice. Could not have had better experience on both flights. Thank you Frontier for giving me the courage to fly again and the little reminder from flight attendants that I was safe - will fly Frontier whenever possible."
"Detroit to Orlando return, and Frontier Airlines was great, staff was friendly, plane was clean, price was right. Flights were on time with no trouble at all. I read reviews before we flew with them and were expecting terrible service but it was fine. For the price I am not sure what they expect."
"Philadelphia to Kingston, Jamaica, and we enjoyed everything about our experience with Frontier Airlines. Polite and helpful staff, great take off and landing. Flights were on time and at great prices. Didn't expect any frills for the price and none were needed. We'll fly them again. We have flown many other airlines and Frontier Airlines compares equally in most catagories."
"Pleasant experience. Had no problems with the airline or either of these Frontier Airlines flights. I really like that they have a separate \"bag drop\" line from the \"check-in\" line. It allows those that check in ahead of time to get through faster. The staff at check in was very friendly and helpful telling us where to go after dropping bags. Orlando TSA is horrific, but obviously that doesn't count against Frontier. The actual flight was just the same as any other airline. Okay, you didn't get free peanuts and a drink! For this flight, I paid $340 for two people and two checked bags. I would have paid upwards of $600 for the same on Delta or United. It was also nice that flight attendants announced what baggage claim you can find your bags on before exiting the aircraft. That's a nice touch. My only complaint is that the A321 seats are rather hard and the tray tables are about 6 inches deep."
"Cincinnati to Denver on Frontier Airlines. There were several agents to assist with check in and they were friendly and efficient. The flight was on time, even arriving early. No problem with baggage. The plane was clean and the temperature onboard was comfortable. The seats do not recline which is a plus in some ways as I didn't have anyone coming back into my space. The seats could have been more comfortable but seats on most airlines are not very comfortable. Frontier does a nice job of offering a discount trip. Other than having to pay for drinks, there is little distinction between them and the other carriers."
"Before making our trip from Atlanta to Denver we had read horror stories about flying with Frontier Airlines, however, I wish to report that we were very pleased with Frontier. When you fly with Frontier you know up front what you are getting and what you are paying, so why complain about things that are saving you a great deal of money on your flight. I thought the seat comfort and room were comparable to other airlines. If you want more room, buy a set with more space. If you want a particular seat location, pay for it rather than complaining about your assigned seat. If you do not want to pay for snacks, bring your own, and they will give you water. If you do not want to pay for carry on luggage, purchase checked luggage. Our flights to and from Denver were on time or earlier. The only problem we had was in getting our checked bags at DIA. Things happen. We will use Frontier in the future, if the rate is better."
"Flight was good both from Houston to Orlando and from Orlando to Houston. Planes are clean, but seating was narrow and uncomfortable (what airline isn't now a days). Flight crew friendly and professional, but counter crew worst I have ever seen. Slow, rude, unprofessional. Saw a ticket agent make faces at a customer who waited 45 minutes to check in while she let late passenger by. He said he had been waiting, but she just got mad. Saw similar behavior with others."
"Denver to Santa Ana. I witnessed a Frontier Airlines employee assist a blind passenger this morning and I have to say it is rare to see such compassion and empathy these days. She went outbid her way to reassign a seat closer to the front even though the flight was full. I commend this employee on her present personality and willingness to go out of her way to take care of customers. Way to go Frontier!"
"Indianapolis to Orlando, and we arrived 2hrs early per their recommendation and had no issues boarding. The seats weren't the most comfortable but really weren't uncomfortable either. Staff was friendly and courteous and more importantly the flight was smooth. We flew through storms most the way there and still it wasn't bad. I will definitely fly with them again."
"Frontier Airlines was the smoothest flight I've been on. From the checkin at the kiosk, the flight and baggage claim. Everything was on time. I didn't have to wait more than five minutes for my bags. The flight was great, the price is unbeatable. To top it all off we flew right over the city skyline and turned right over lake Michigan, it was beautiful. Definitely flying Frontier again. The only down part was leg room, but there's even an option to upgrade of you want!"
"Frontier Airlines explains everything about extra charges for bags, seats etc. My family and I flew to Orlando this past week and could not have had a better experience. We got the tickets dirt cheap $152 and I did not choose seats and checked in 1 bag. Our family was seated together. Staff was helpful and welcoming. I just hate to see the negative reviews about how they charge for everything - they explain that to you when you book so it's your fault if you choose to ignore it. I paid for 1 bag round trip and the total price for 4 tickets was $202 which is $50.50 each. Best deal around by far. I have flown on Delta, US Air and other major airlines and I haven't had a perfect experience with them and 1 ticket cost more than all 4 of mine."
"I was a little hesitant to fly Frontier as I had read some of the reviews, and it seemed a lot of folks had issues with the airline. Let me just say, I'm glad I didn't pay much attention to those reviews. My flight from Houston to Denver was an absolute breeze. We took off early from Houston and got to Denver early, and we didn't have to wait to be deplaned. I highly recommend upgrading your flight to the \"works\" when making the reservation. I will definitely fly Frontier again."
"I was a bit hesitant to choose Frontier Airlines for my round trip from Cincinnati to Las Vegas, but I'm glad I made the choice to go with Frontier. Upon reading the fine print about baggage fees, I went on Frontier's site and purchased their classic plus option. For a little extra added on to the ticket, I was able to choose my seat, add checked/carry on luggage, and not pay anything at check in. They sent me an email with the details of the flight a day before with advisories on when to be there. The staff at both check in counters were efficient and friendly. Both flight crews were knowledgeable, and friendly. Here's my advice to all that are in it for a cheap flight, check on the airline's website for fees, and rules. The other airlines charge more because they add those fees in the ticket price already. You are going to pay one way, or the other."
"There are many horror stories about Frontier Airlines lately, given their recent carry-on baggage charges, new skinny seats, etc. I wanted a good fare for an overnight trip to DTW from the Washington area. The choices? Delta from DCA was over $500. United from IAD the same. Southwest from Baltimore around $300. So I went to the Frontier website, and due to a special sale, I paid a total of $48.00 return, including a charge to select my window seats. The A320 in both direction was clean. Boarding was fine. The seats are indeed thin, but for me the ergonomics worked great and plenty of lower back support. Of course, this is a 55 minute flight one-way, and I only had a backpack. But I would try Frontier again, no question."
"I purchased a ticket for my husband for his 60th birthday to fly from Cleveland, Ohio to Tampa, Fl to visit his brother. I was a bit nervous having purchased the ticket as a surprise and not knowing how things would go. However, I must say he was extremely impressed with how well things went. The flight to Tampa was on time and he said the staff was very friendly and helpful. The flight back was also enjoyable, both flights were on time and he felt the staff at both airports as well as the attendants on both flights were friendly. I would recommend."
"My first time flying on Frontier and knowing what I was going to encounter beforehand, I was impressed. Easy online check-in, quick boarding, and departure/arrival. Cabin crew were pleasant on both flights. The only thing thing that I did not like was that the \"Stretch Seating\" seats do not recline."
"The baggage fee was better then some (not Southwest because they are free) of the other airlines, $20 check in when you it when you make your reservations. Traveling from Las Vegas to Kentucky (CVG). Total price was $278 with flight, seats, baggage round trip. The staff were very polite. Yes I will fly again. Yes you have to pay for soda but if you really look at it, I fly Southwest all the time. Ticket price is around 398-472 round trip for me. I got airlines and car rental (10days) for 485."
"One way flight from Atlanta to New Orleans. Was very worried after booking and reading so many bad reviews. Flight was delayed almost 2 hours due to a storm but we were well informed with updates by staff in waiting area. When I got on board I was pleasantly surprised with the leather, or what appeared to be leather, seats and they were very comfortable. The flight staff were very attentive and the flight was smooth as glass. So I'm glad I had what seems to be one of the rare good flights. No problems except for the delay. Would have spent way more money driving down and didn't have that long drive. I'm satisfied!"
"I had a flight from Miami to Washington Dulles with Frontier. When I searched on google I was a little worried when I booked this flight since the price was only half compared to those of other airlines (even after adding the baggage fee). But nothing was wrong. Perfect flight. Take off and landing on time. Check-in fast. Baggage fast. I have nothing to complain. That they charge for the baggage and the food is quite normal in my opinion. The prices for those services are reasonable. If you accept the cheap airplane tickets they provide that is part of the additional costs one has to accept too. Anyway highly recommend!"
"I took Frontier from LAX to DEN to DWT. In all cases the flights were on time and on the way back even running about 5 min early. I had no issues checking in (checked in at a multi airline kiosk-not the solitary Frontier kiosks - at the airport). I booked online for one checked bag which cost me $40 round trip - no fee for carry on within the defined perimeters. My flight left lax at 8pm-I was in the drop bag line at 6pm when they opened and waited 5 min-no hassle. My flight left DWT at 6am-I was in line at 5am at the drop bag line again with a 5min wait and no hassles. The staff at the desks gate and on board attendants were helpful and friendly and answered my questions with no problems. On board I was in row 9-which didn't recline because I was right in front of the exit row. Everyone else's seats reclined but I didn't see this as a huge problem. I stick to water in flight mainly because any food or drink (other than water) causes swelling/ retention. I can tell you a regular 12 oz can of soda was $1.99 or they had combo deals-coffee and a breakfast snack was $4.99 and 2 drinks + 2 snacks was $8.99 (this was in the in-flight menu). I think it's fair they're charging al-a-carte to keep the fares low which I appreciate. There were TV's for every seat and the cost for more than a 2 hour flight was $5.99 for a decent variety of channels. Overall I had a good flight both ways and would recommend Frontier based on this experience."
"I've been flying Frontier between Dulles and Orlando on a regular basis (once or twice a month) since they started the service last summer. They are having scheduling issues flights are late 70-80% of the time. They charge for everything since I have no luggage only a computer bag that's ok. I reserve a seat since I don't want a middle one and that recently went from $3 to $8. All this is ok for a two hour flight (beats driving) except that the plane I have been flying on lately has the thinnest most uncomfortable seats I've ever sat on in an airplane. Not sure if this is an exception or this is the new normal? Overall they're ok and the flight delays are becoming shorter and less frequent."
"My family and I flew round-trip from Cleveland to Orlando and I am happy to report that we had great experiences on both flights. All Frontier airport staff/flight attendants were very friendly. Neither flight was delayed at all in fact we reached our destination ahead of schedule both times. I will say that we were annoyed by the extra charges for choosing seats (which I did because one of my companions is a very nervous flyer and I didn't want her to be alone) and carry-on bags (which again we did - checking bags is the cheaper option but I prefer the ease of carry-on luggage whenever possible) however getting to/from our destination safely and efficiently is top priority. I would certainly recommend Frontier to others but just make sure you look into all the charges before you book so you know what's coming."
"Flew at the end of April 2015 from CVG-LAS round-trip. First experience on Frontier. I had researched pretty well so I knew all about the extra fees. I paid in advance for a checked bag and an upgraded stretch seat. Seat was very average at best but on a long flight the leg space was worth it. It was my first time checking a bag in years as I couldn't justify spending more to carry my bag on. A bit of a hassle but probably would not stop me from flying them again. Flights were on time and went off without complication. They really hustle to turn the planes around quickly. That also means that they don't get cleaned very well as this is the flight crews job. Floor of the plane was filthy and general upkeep was neglected. Definitely no frills but they did get me and my luggage from point A to point B safely and on time."
"Denver to Dallas 4/22 flight 124 and from Houston to Denver 4/26 flight 247. I fly Frontier all of the time out of Denver and have never had any issues at all. One of the few carriers to have TVs on every flight. I have never been delayed. It blows my mind that there are so any bad reviews. You just bought an airline ticket for 100's under other carriers and you don't expect to be charged other places? It's not even that terrible of up charges. Yes to pick your seat if you want to and to check or carryon a bag but you still are 100's under other carriers prices. Go into knowing there will be fees it's nowhere near as bad as spirits fees and the prices are cheaper. The planes are nicer and the pilots are top notch."
"Flight F9 1256 4/15/15. I was worried about my flight today after reading all of the negative reviews but I must say that I was pleasantly shocked! This was probably one of the best flights I've experienced flying out of O'Hare airport or other airports for that matter. Our flight even departed a little earlier than planned. It was a pretty early flight so I did sleep the entire way which was very uncomfortable because the seats have little cushion and do not recline. Since I slept throughout my flight it didn't matter to me that there wasn't any entertainment or wifi. Also I like that the cheaper option is to check a bag in. I decided to pay more for a carry on and the process to board and off board is so much faster since many elect the cheaper option to check their bags but also there was plenty room available in the overhead compartments. For the price I paid for the ticket and because I am an anxious flyer pilot skill is more important than the seating or entertainment. The fact that I was able to sleep on a flight which is very rare is important to me. I think Fronteir is exactly what it markets itself as an economy Airbus. Expect to get from point A to point B nothing more. Plan on bringing a pillow and a book to make the flight more comfortable."
"March 15 flight #1127. March 20 flight #1126. I booked flights with Frontier Airlines before knowing anything about the airline. My husband researched them and had us very nervous about flying with them due to reports of cancelled and late flights. I called customer service and they were very helpful and courteous. After talking with them I felt comfortable with the reservations. The flight out of Dulles was 30 minutes late but we still arrived in Las Vegas 15 minutes early. On the return flight we left 15 minutes late and arrived at Dulles 45 minutes early. I have no complaints at all."
"I bought my tickets before reading the reviews and when I started to read the reviews I started to regret buying the cheap tickets but it was too late. I flew from Orlando back to Chicago and I have to really say that I'm glad I bought the tickets before reading the reviews or I wouldn't have bought them. High points of the flight? They have a TV and the seats were actually comfortable. I'm a plus size girl and I fit and my legs didn't feel cramped at all. So for those of you who had a bad experience try it again maybe it was a bad day for everyone that day. But do bring your own snacks and drink because the prices are ridiculous onboard."
"This was my first trip with Frontier. We flew from Cleveland to Las Vegas return. I opted for the stretch seats. The flight was delayed slightly on the outbound leg but this was communicated to us before we arrived at the airport. It was really not a problem. The ground staff were friendly and efficient. The cabin crew were pleasant and professional. The stretch seats were worth every cent of the small supplement payable ($25 per person per leg of the flight). The aircraft was a modern Airbus A320 which was clean and comfortable. The return leg was exactly like the outbound. I will not be giving five stars however. Upon arrival at Cleveland 5.45 am we were directed to a piece of taxiway until a stand could be found for us. The delay amounted to 45 minutes. That is unacceptable at that time of the morning and Frontier and Hopkins need to address it. I will have no hesitation in recommending the airline with that caveat."
"Came back from Chicago on Monday Dec 29. Was a great flight arrived into Orlando 10 minutes early the crew were friendly. Would take Frontier again."
"Flew round trip from Trenton to Raleigh for $89. The flight was on time and coming home I was actually late to my plane and they waited an extra couple minutes to allow me to board. Would definitely use them again. Prices are unbeatable. Complaints are from those expecting a commercial airline. This is a discount airline and you get what you pay for. Our family uses Frontier for business as well and have never had an issue."
"Trip from Atlanta to Denver. No issues in Atlanta crew was very nice. In Denver the desk staff were borderline rude and wouldn't acknowledge you unless you use the kiosk to print the boarding pass but no one was willing to explain how to use the kiosk. Then had to reprint the boarding pass at the kiosk for unexplained reasons. I want to deal with people not computers. Desk staff was rude in Denver but flight crew was refreshing. Flight from Atlanta was actually early and return flight was on time."
"I honestly can't complain. We paid for seats that didn't have much legroom. Because they were only $3. I would say we got what we paid for. Nothing was complimentary other than the water. The flight attendants were nice and we got from LAX to Denver right on time. We paid for carry on. We followed the instructions on measurements and weight of our luggage. We had no problems whatsoever."
"Flew Frontier Denver to Seattle - Oct 7 - Oct 22. Both flights were great! Love online check in - member of Rewards Club so $15 bag. I think the problems that others may experience are back east more than the original Frontier areas. Has some very decent employees. Enjoyed the flights and will travel with them again."
"Three of us travelled round trip on Frontier between Washington Dulles and Fort Myers Florida. Our experience was excellent. Frontier was not only $100 cheaper per ticket than any other airline flying the same route but it was also the only airline offering direct service. We opted not to reserve seats to save money yet when we checked in Frontier assigned us seats together. Usually when traveling each of us would have brought a separate carry on bags but because Frontier charges for carry on as well as checked bags we opted to share a large checked bag for the same cost as a single carryon. Boarding was orderly the plane clean the crew pleasant and the flight was on time. We definitely will use Frontier again."
"My Frontier flight was scheduled about 3 hours after a long intercontinental flight to Denver supposed landing and I was really scared after reading all bad reviews. However the experience was very nice. We did not do online check-in but it took literally 1 minute to check-in on the counter. When making a reservation I paid for carry- on items instead of check-in. When I found that out I called and wrote to customer service and they told I'll be able to check my item in and so it was. The staff were helpful the flight departed and landed without delays. When we landed one of the bags was damaged (whichI think is not airline responsibility). We went to Frontier representatives in Bozeman airport (it was around 11 pm)and they just brought us a new bag. You have to pay for carry-on and check-in baggage and drinks but the ticket price is still good."
"Like some of the folks here I questioned my sanity for booking Frontier after reading the reviews! But it was the only non-stop to Denver from Reagan National. I was pleasantly surprised OK so my standards are not that high but was more then comparable to US Airways I normally fly to Florida. As another reviewer said read the rules. There was a woman on the Denver to DC was arguing about the size of her carry-on at least this airline sticks to their guns about the size allowed."
"We flew Frontier from Tampa to Denver and back again on 9-17 to 9-26. I had read reviews thought I was insane while booking and decided to get familiar with the rules and regulations posted on their website. We used the check in baggage after signing up with early rewards and it cost us $15.00 each way per checked in luggage. Had no problem toting a decent sized bag on board as our \"personal\" item. Seating was $3.00 each way - still not a lot to pay to have a seat on board together. Thought the flight crew was rather bland on the flight to Denver our return trip was the complete opposite. I totally enjoyed all the jokes both by the pilot as well as the rest of the crew! Very relaxing flight. That being said I would definitely without a doubt let Frontier take me where I need to go in the future."
"I recently flew from Dulles to Atlanta and back and for the most part it was a pleasant experience. I have flown AirTran more often than another airline and Frontier is comparable. I bought my tickets directly from Frontier about 4 months in advance. I paid $20 for a carry on $15 for an exit-row seat and $3 to choose my seat at time of purchase (twice coming and going) and my total round-trip fare with fees was $198 so if I had not paid the extra fees it would have been $122. In reading the reviews here I see that many people buy their tickets from third party sites (Orbitz etc.) and are surprised by the \"hidden fees\" when they reach the gate. I really think that they have only themselves to blame. First every time you fly you should check the airline's website for their policies; the fees are very clear on Frontier's site. I think even the third-party sites tell you to check the airline's site. I don't have a whole lot of sympathy for people who make assumptions and then become indignant when their assumptions don't match reality. I also read below that the flight attendants wouldn't help lift luggage because of \"policy.\" On both my flights the staff were very helpful with luggage so clearly it's either not a policy or one that not all attendants heed. The only minor complaint I have about Frontier was that both flights were late to take off by about 20-30 min. There seemed to be no particular reason for the delay. I didn't have a connecting flight so I didn't care but it might be useful info."
"My daughter needed a ticket from Dallas TX to Minot ND. There are only 4 airlines that go to Minot. When we started looking at prices Frontier offered the one-way flight for a total of $174 which included a lay-over in Denver CO. Regarding the \"nickel and dime\" tactics - I actually appreciate them! It provides the option of taking the services for an additional cost or leaving them and saving some cash. The day before the flight we checked in online. During this check-in process I added a checked bag for $15. The option was there to select a seat for $3-$25 but we opted out of the choosing. We printed the receipt for the bag the boarding passes and a receipt. The flight was scheduled to deport at 2.15pm so we arrived at DFW at 11.30 to make sure we had time should any issue arise. When we walked up to the ticket counters a Frontier service agent was standing by the kiosks to provide assistance. Since I had printed my boarding passes she directed me to a counter clerk who was checking bags of passengers who did not need to check-in at the counter. The checked bag weighed 50.5 lbs. They checked the bag. I asked about my daughters purse/bag to make sure we would not have a problem with it being too large to count as the free personal bag. She assured me it was fine. Both agents were friendly. This entire process so far had taken 5 minutes. The plane arrived to the gate boarded and took off on time from DFW to Denver. I asked my daughter about the seats and such and she said it was the same as most other flights she has been one. She did take her iPad with movies on it and watched that during the flight. Landed in Denver on time. The Denver to Minot flight arrived boarded and departed on time. She had a smooth flight the flight was relatively uneventful and arrived in Minot 5 minutes early. After getting off of the plane it took her about 20 minutes to get her luggage and she was on her way out of the airport! Overall a budget airline with great prices."
"Thunderstorms in Denver are common and although they cause delays the delays are typically limited to 45-60 mins. We flew from Milwaukee to Denver to Santa Ana and back the same way. Our flights were all on time and even arrived a little early each destination. All of the staff were very friendly from the people at the check-in counter the flight crew and even pilots. The check-in counter people were very accommodating to our family with two small children. My husband is a veteran and with his military ID they gave us free checked bags and also even upgraded one of our flights to stretch seating! This was a very appreciated surprise! This was definitely an excellent experience flying with Frontier."
"Excellent service. I flew to Nashville from Montana round trip I have no complaints that's over 4 thousand miles with frontier. We had a delay in Denver but that will happen with all the top notch planes as well."
"Flew in and out of Trenton from St. Augustine. A little nervous after reading review however our experience was great. I didn't go in with high expectations and was very pleased with the outcome. First we flew Classic Plus which allowed more leg room (my son is 6'3\" and needs extra space). This allowed us to check a bag each and have carry on for free (in addition to the allowed personal item). The seats were roomy and comfy. The staff at each airport was friendly (we arrived 1.5 hours before the flight with boarding passes printed at home as instructed). Had read horrible reviews of Trenton but found it very nice though small. Restrooms available at the gate a nice little eatery upstairs (before security). If you plan well and read the fine print you should have no complaints. It was 100 times better than my latest flight on United to Newark last month."
"I've flown 8 times with Frontier airlines and I couldn't be happier with their service. The flights were laid back and quiet. Once I even lost my boarding pass after I went through the security checkpoint. The lady at the terminal was very nice understanding and knowledgeable. After verifying my identity with a few clicks at a computer she printed me out another pass and I was able to catch my flight without a problem. They've never lost any of my luggage either. The inflight crew were always very nice and quick to respond to questions and concerns. The only down-side I could find is that you can only buy in-flight refreshment with a credit card - no cash."
"I had no problems with my flights (PDX-CVG via Denver) either with Frontier's service personnel or my expectations. It strikes me that most of the people posting really bad reviews didn't read the information Frontier provides when purchasing a ticket. Frontier is exactly what it says it is basically an al a carte airline. My flights were on time the staff was professional and courteous. Check in online and print your boarding passes at home and you'll have no problems at the gate."
"I've flown Frontier numerous times and never had a problem except once my luggage was on a later flight. Minor inconvenience and it was returned to me at 2am the next morning. It happens with any airline. The staff have always been friendly and attentive. I guess there's always a first time but I still plan to fly with Frontier."
"I can only speak to our experience on Frontier and it was good. Flew from Cincinnati to Punta Cana DR on a chartered vacation flight in July 2014. Non -stop. 1 free checked back carry on and soda. Food was extra. Both round trip flights started boarding early left on time and arrived a few minutes early. I would fly Frontier again if the price was right and departure times made sense."
"July 11 2014 I travelled to Portland Oregon from Des Moines Iowa via Denver on Frontier Airlines flights 155 and 799. The ground personnel at the Des Moines and Denver Airports were extremely helpful and personable. The air personnel (both flight attendants and flight crew) were courteous and attentive. As for the newly revised baggage policies of Frontier I understand and accept them. Frontier Airlines is no different than legacy airlines. They are here to provide good and comfortable air service to their passengers. But they are also here to make a profit. Again hats off to Frontier for providing courteous friendly and helpful service."
"Flight 527 Cleveland to Denver and 745 Denver to Phoenix. Return flight 1112 Phoenix to Cleveland. July 7- 15. My family of 7 just flew to Pheonix from Cleveland and back and I have to say I was very pleased in fact impressed with how smooth things went. I had read several reviews about Frontier and I have to abmit I was nervous about flying with them. We have flown on several airlines and I must say I will be flying Frontier in the future the associates were very helpful and the aircraft were very clean."
"TTN (Trenton-Mercer airport) NJ - CLE (Cleveland-Hopkins) OH. The customer service couldn't have been nicer. They were very nice on the plane. Sure they charge you for a carry on bag and beverage but what do you expect for an incredibly cheap fare. For the most part they were on time it was a bit delayed in Trenton because of minor issues going forward. This is essentially the \"T-Mobile\" of airlines. You pay for what you want how do you expect they make those fares so low. Great Airline gets you where you want to go recommend to anybody who is on a budget."
"Pretty good for a low-cost airline. I know they recently changed their policy on carry-on luggage where I believe you have to pay to have a carry-on bag using storage above. My last trip with them was in January of 2014. They were on time friendly bathrooms were clean and the flight was comfortable. In September of 2013 I flew from KC to PDX with a stop in Denver. On the way back to KC we did miss our connecting flight by about 5 minutes. They hadn't taken off yet but they wouldn't let us on because they were to leave the dock in just a few minutes. While it was a bit annoying they got us on the next flight to KC which left about 90 minutes later and I understand why they couldn't let us on that original connecting flight. Of course we didn't have to pay anything extra for the next connecting flight. With the changes in carry-on costs I'm not sure I will fly with them again because it all really depends on where I can get the best deal but if they are still the cheapest I have no qualms with flying Frontier again."
"ILG-MDW 6/1/14 Flight 383. I disagree that the fares are higher once you add in the extras. Who do you think is paying for your extra luggage and soft drinks? You are! Everything is figured into the price and when compared to Southwest I know I saved quite a bit on my recent purchase. The service was timely and professional as well. I give Frontier credit for trying to carve a niche and I predict they will be quite successful as people get educated with regards to what they are doing. Also when fewer people are hauling on oversized luggage and trying to stuff it in the overheads it makes for a smoother and quicker loading and departure from the gate. Ultra low cost carriers like Frontier typically charge $5 extra to carry on a bag versus checking it which effectively eliminates the luggage hoarders trying to board planes with too much luggage which most would admit makes for a slow maddening boarding process. Also if you check/carry 100 lbs. of luggage on other carriers who offer free checked bags and carry-ons who do you think is paying for the extra fuel it takes to transport that? That's right it's you again! It's all built into the ticket price. Again I'd rather pay for what I want and for what I use. I was happy to pay a bit extra for leg room but not for everyone else's extra baggage. I'd rather bring my own bottled water than pay for all the soda and peanuts that everyone else drinks. I'm happy with the experience and will be trying this more often. On very short trips I can make due with a personal sized item and not even have to pay any luggage fees whatsoever! It's a win-win once we all better understand the concept."
"Cincinnati OH (CVG) - Denver CO (DEN) Jun 10 2014 F9 0735. Denver CO (DEN) - Cincinnati OH (CVG) Jun 11 2014 F9073. My first around trip flight on Frontier I was sceptical. From the moment I entered the Frontier gate area CVG to Denver flight onboard during the flight and the landing all aspects of the experience was professional. The aircraft's were clean flight crew were making every effort to accommodate the passengers. My return flight was also the same. I would utilize Frontier for my flight service and recommend to others. My one complaint was the long wait for phone service the wait was 20-25 minutes. I feel that's far too long."
"Achieved what they offered. TTN-RSW. First flight out. On time boarding departure and landing (a few minutes early). Crowded plane and they checked the size of my personal item 2x. I had to take out a few items (stuffed in my pocket to make it fit) but overall uneventful journey. I can't speak for service as I slept the entire flight and deboarding was uneventful. I faintly remember the offer for water. Seat pitch normal - I didn't pre-assign seat so was in 2nd to last row but had an empty seat next to me. I'm aware Frontier gets a bad-rap due to its fees but if you know what you are getting into I don't see the issue as it is still cheaper vs flying/parking at PHL or EWR for same route."
"After a revolting experience on a Frontier Flight from MCO to DEN we bit the bullet and flew DEN to SLC May 21 (noon). What a difference! Wonderful stewards on board friendly helpful welcoming. Still cannot believe how rude people are when told that their huge bag cannot fit in the overhead just check the damn thing! Saves a few dollars boarding time too but it is funny to watch people unpacking their overhead bag and trying to put all items in their large \"handbag\" then try to hide their now just as big handbag."
"I've flown from Harrisburg PA to Orlando FL and back a few times in the past year. Most of the time it was a good experience. One flight which I booked way in advance in the snow season had more than 3 hour delay and I would have missed my appointment so there was no longer a need to fly. I got a refund for which I was thankful. One flight had comedian flight attendants giving the on board preflight information (buckle up etc) that were actually funny. All flights were nonstop from PA to FL which was so nice. The rates were great for an average wage earner like me which was my main reason for choosing Frontier. Now I'm booking 3 tickets for my family and my total bill will be less than I would pay for one ticket with the other major airline flying out of MDT."
"I have flown this airline many times. I saw all the bad reviews and thought while everyone vents when they are frustrated very few take the time to praise when they are satisfied. So here is a satisfied customer. My one wish would be service to Boston or Manchester."
"I don't understand the negative reviews. Seating was good. Comfortable seats didn't feel crowded. Entertainment for $4 you get to watch Direct TV. It is free until the flight takes off. If you are really concerned about $4 then I don't know what to say. There were about 30 channels available."
"After reading all of the negative comments on this site I wanted to give some positive information. Most people only write a review when they are unhappy and don't take the time when it is a good experience. We flew from Milwaukee to Denver and then Las Vegas. Everything went very smoothly. All flights were on time. If you don't take time to read all of the rules then be prepared for being unhappy. I checked out everything beforehand and didn't have any surprises. The nice thing about the carry on bag requirement is that it eliminates people from bringing hugs bags on and trying to stuff them in the overhead bins. By limiting this and have the airline actually follow the rules they have makes for everyone getting on the plane and seated so much faster."
"Flew PHX-DEN on 3/27 for $90 a person during spring break. Flight was on time boarding quick and organized except for the carry on bag size check which was very unorganized at boarding. Flight attendants gave out water for free and on a 1.5 hr flight food and drink purchases weren't needed. Checked bag was out before we even got to the baggage claim belt. All in all a very positive experience and highly recommend Frontier."
"Denver-Orlando and return: March 18-24 (FFT678/FFT681). If you know what you are getting into with this airline it's not half bad. I researched and knew Frontier charges for carry-ons if you don't meet the requirements or book a fare on their website so I made sure to bring a proper sized bag and got on no problem. I do the same thing when I fly Spirit. The customer service wasn't very good in Denver but once on the plane the flight attendants were very nice and helpful especially when my TV broke and the customer service in Orlando was noticeably better. The flight on the way out was delayed due to snow and wind but I can't fault Frontier. Overall an enjoyable experience and considering they have TV (yes they charge but so do most others) I did my research and they were nearly $200 cheaper than the nearest non-stop competitor I would certainly would continue flying them again."
"March 3 2014  Flight F9 395 ILGDEN. March 5 2014  Flight F9 396 DENILG. Thank you Frontier for my recent ILGDEN flight coincidently on the Alberta Clipper and Polar Bear tail ID. The New Castle (Wilmington DE) Airport was pretty much the only game in town during the March 3 snowstorm. Nearby Philadelphia Airport was all but closed. This was true for earlier snowstorms too. Our flight was delayed about an hour due to de-icing issues not the airlines fault. This little airport has all the charm of a Soviet-era military installation but Ill gladly forego shopping mall ambience for short lines free parking easy access and cheap flights. I carried-on so can't comment on baggage. Service was comparable to other low-cost domestic carriers. Return DEN-ILG was delayed about 20 minutes. Their Mediterranean Sky Snacks Box was purchased for $7 and it was ample tasty and good value for money."
"My husband lives in Chicago and I live in the Northeast. One of us flies every two weeks. We use Frontier on a regular basis and while I think they can improve on the carry on bag size checking process other than that we've both been more than impressed with the low fares and clean safe planes. The flight crew are funny and make the trip seem quick."
"2013 Christmas Vacation from Atlanta Georgia to Trenton New Jersey. I found a ticket within my budget and booking the ticket was easy. Boarding was done quickly and very organized. The stewardesses were kind and very helpful to passengers. The only difficulty I experienced was with the ticket checker upon boarding in Atlanta after I learned that my bag wasn't within standard regulations to be a carry on. This one young lady was very rude and short with me. She took no time at all to explain to me the steps that I needed to take to secure my bag from the gate. Her only reply was \"You're not getting on this plane.\" I was quite taken back by her rudeness. However as quickly as she had insulted me another young lady at the desk came to my rescue and she was very helpful and polite. I was able to check my bag and board my flight without further incident. The plane was clean and the flight was quiet and friendly."
"Traveled from Trenton NJ to Fort Myers week before Thanksgiving. It was one of the most pleasant flights I've had in a long time. They have a small terminal in Trenton not like dealing with Newark. Check-in staff were nice and security was quick. They have a tiny store in the small waiting area to buy snacks/drinks. Plane was about 30 minutes late but once it got there they had us boarded and doors closed in about 15 minutes. They boarded from the middle to front and middle to back - common sense! Flight crew very pleasant. I didn't like the idea you could only purchase drinks or snacks or TV with a credit or debit card no cash. The plane was very clean restrooms spotless flight quiet and comfortable. In Fort Myers I went to the first baggage claim to find my luggage already on the rack. I spent less than five minutes in Fort Myers airport! Return flight was on time and flight crew was also fun. Boarding was organized: first 4 rows then those who had carry-ons that would fit under the seat. I got on then and everyone with bags for overhead got on quickly with much less stress than the Continental flight I took in May. Return flight the same as the first quiet and on time. I had to pay $25 for my luggage each way but not for carry-on. For me this was a great value: $178 round trip and $50 total for baggage. From the comments above some encounter problems with Frontier but it seems to be mostly on connecting flights. I will definitely give Frontier another try as my experience this time was very good!"
"I read other messages on this board and arrived at Denver Airport fearing the worst. At it happened my experience was entirely opposite. My wife and I fly had booked on Frontier understanding that like other low cost airlines (e.g. Air NZ) you get what you pay for. We had never flown Frontier before. We are Americans but have lived overseas (mostly Australia) for several decades and have been consistently amazed when flying in the USA at the huge suitcases that are show-horned into overhead luggage areas supposedly as carry on. Carry on for us elsewhere is an enforced max 7kg (15 lb) and much smaller in size than the Frontier allowance though admittedly at no cost. We had prompt service from a polite and friendly service team who went out of their way to find for us a luggage option that minimised cost and maximised our enjoyment."
"Frontier airlines was the 2nd part of our journey to our vacation in Seattle to be honest our first flight was with AA and that was horrible. The crew on AA nothing memorable but Frontier staff were so pleasant. I made sure when booking our flights that the connecting flights were at least 2hrs apart the service on Frontier was great and I will definitely fly with them again but this time we'll upgrade to more leg room. My Husband and I were quite happy and will use this airline again whenever we can."
"Our flight ILG-MDW was wonderful. Wilmington airport was a breeze flight was pleasant arrived 30 minutes early. We upgraded to STRETCH seating which was very comfortable. Flight crew was extremely friendly and personable. I look forward to flying them in the future."
"Orlando to Trenton on 8/28 and return 9/3/13. I had one of the best flights I've had! I was bothered about the reviews I read prior to my flight and I can testify that my Frontier flight was flawless. It on time crew and staff couldn't have been more professional and courteous. I look forward to flying into Trenton NJ again."
"I have to say my round trip went without a hitch. Both my departure and return flight were on time with no mechanical problems. The staff were cordial and my seat was the same as any other airline as far as comfort. Yes they do charge for drinks and snacks so if that bothers you buy your own in the airport (it is the same price anyway). I flew from Delaware to Houston and it cost 110 dollars. All other airlines that had direct flights were asking between 350-400 dollars. For that price difference I am willing to shell out 5 dollars for a snack and something to drink. Maybe I had beginners luck but I did save quite a bit of money."
"SEA-DEN-ILG (Wilmington DE) one way. A pleasant enough way to travel. Had exit row seats on both legs at $20 per segment on an economy fare this is a steal and well worth it. Yes you do have to pay for drinks but they will give you a cup of water for free if you ask. Why not just charge an extra $2/ticket and give everyone a free drink and a small snack? Flight from DEN delayed 35 minutes due to waiting on a crew member to deadhead. Carry on bag policy enforced at DEN with all bags sized but not SEA - if an airline wants to be strict they should do it at every airport. Some people were bringing bags on the Seattle flight that were clearly over-sized. Wilmington New Castle airport is a great alternative to chaotic PHL but has little to no room for expansion and is crowded with just one flight on the ground."
"My son and I flew from ANC to SFO (and return) via DEN. Satisfied by all flights and crew. However I did notice some changes since my last flight(s) one being the new charges for carryons. The folks at SFO began to implement this new policy and it caused quite a bit of confusion for the passengers and some noted unhappiness at having to pay. Some folks were not pleased with having to have their stuff \"sized up\" prior to boarding. The new policy of charging for all drinks was not too popular as well. I spoke with a couple of crew members from the various flights we were on and a basic theme appeared \"we seem to be heading towards becoming Spirit\". Crew members were not too thrilled. I was using my miles on this trip and my last one with my daughter recently. I have been both an Ascent and Summit member for years and have been very pleased with Frontier. I am however somewhat scared about their becoming a bottom feeder. I know change is always around the corner with airlines but the nickel and dimes they are going after is not right in my way of thinking. Keep it up and I will be traveling on Alaska Air year round."
"Daughter and I flew down to SLC from ANC changing planes in DEN. No problems going or returning with the small exception of a somewhat rude/uncaring employee at check-in at SLC. The service was fine the planes clean and the flight crews were caring and professional. The crew on the return to ANC was the best I have ever had on any airline professional and funny. I have them on the flight tonight returning to DEN as my son and I fly to SFO. I expect the flight will be a good one!"
"I once again had a great experience flying Frontier-ANC to SLC via DEN. The planes were clean the service was excellent and always on time. We actually landed in ANC 30 minutes early on the return. I have yet to have a less than positive flight ever with them. I have been flying them since they arrived in ANC many years ago. Good choice overall."
"Flight 929 from Trenton to Detroit yesterday. After hearing a number of bad comments I had very low expectations. They gave me an option of a food box which I liked. Had a small TV in front of my seat. Flight attendants were funny and very nice. Seats were comfortable."
"I flew from Columbus Ohio to Trenton New Jersey a few weeks ago and had a good experience. I was worried because of the unfavourable reviews but I was pleasantly surprised with the experience. Frontier is your typical \"no-frills\" airline. You do have to pay for a snack but for the price I paid for the flight I wasn't complaining about that. The position of the seats was a tad uncomfortable however my flight was short so it wasn't too much of a problem for me. The staff and flight attendants were helpful and friendly and there were no delays on either flight. In fact the return flight arrived early. In my opinion Frontier is a good value and I would fly with them again."
"DCA to Jackson Hole Wyoming. Flights to Denver and one to Jackson Hole were on time. New clean Airbus 319s. Friendly and helpful crew. Return flight from Jackson Hole left about 40 minutes late due to weather but they held connecting flight in Denver and arrival in DCA only 10 minutes late. Excellent experience."
"The planes were clean and the staff very nice. What I didn't like was they push for you to sign up for a Frontier Airlines Mastercard. They should be pushing you to get one of their cards in the Concourse / Gate Area that seems more comfortable to me than having the Flight Attendants doing it. The live TV service has gone up in price didn't like that - they should have left the price alone."
"TTN-TPA round-trip. Booked 1 week in advance and paid under $200 round-trip whereas US Airways and Southwest's fares were twice as much. Overall good value for money. In addition to the savings on airfare I was able to park for free at the Trenton airport. Since the flights were full we were given the opportunity to gate check our carry-ons and pick them up at baggage claim. This came in handy flying from TTN to TPA since I wouldn't have to carry my garment bag through the Tampa airport. But I would advise don't gate check carry-ons when flying into a small airport like Trenton. I had to wait in a cramped baggage claim for probably 30 minutes for my bag no thanks to the ground crew taking their sweet time. As much as I don't like the Philadelphia airport at least bags are going around the carousel by the time I get to baggage claim. Also although Frontier has DirecTV on the seat backs if you get the lowest fare you have to pay extra for it. And if you're thinking about purchasing snacks you better have a credit or debit card because they don't accept cash."
"We were pleased with our flight from Chicago to Denver and Denver to Las Vegas. I wish they had told us ahead of time that the seats in front of the emergency door don't recline. Our son has to have a reclining seat and we were not told about this prior to purchasing our tickets."
"Trenton to Orlando. I flew with my husband and my 2 young boys. Check in took a little while because there was only 2 girls at the counter. Security check did not take long but was thorough. The plane was on the smaller side but not any smaller than Spirit Airlines planes. The seats are a little smaller than your Continental airline seats. If you are a larger person and don't like tight spaces don't fly Frontier or Spirit airlines. Flight out was on time some turbulence mostly smooth. Flight back was about an hour behind but made up some time in the air. The attendants were nice. Cleanliness as average. I found some trash in the pocket seat in front of me. We had no problems with Frontier."
"We traveled recently on a trip that was American Airlines to our destination but Frontier on our return. I have no complaints about the flight itself. We were delayed due to necessary de-icing but the captain and flight attendants kept us informed and we were grateful to arrive at our final destination only a couple hours late. My only complaint would be that they don't know how to seat people we were in a group of 4 (2 couples) and they seated us all over the plane in middle seats between people who were traveling alone. We weren't allowed to pick our seats or change them so that even couples could sit together. I just feel that if you book your trip early enough as we did there should be no excuse for such a terrible job of seating us."
"All flights departed on time and either landed early or on time. The second flight DEN to IND was the best of all - one flight attendant knew my son loved the Frontier animals so he looked for some cards with the animals listed. He gave the whole family free headphones to watch TV for the rest of the flight. If the need arises to travel to DEN again I will definitely choose Frontier Airlines."
"My daughter and I flew from Newport News to Denver and on to LAX on Jan 25 2013. Although both flights were enjoyable the first leg was particularly well managed by the flight crew. One of the passengers a lady with a small child 15 months old was doing an admirable job of keeping the little girl happy. On a 4.5 hour flight this is a nearly impossible task. After serving drinks an FA spent a good deal of time occupying the little ones time. As a parent myself and remembering what traveling with little ones could be like I am sure the mother of this child was very appreciative."
"December 2012 round trip between Madison WI and Washington DC. The planes were up-to-date and the seats very comfortable. The service was superb at check-in gate and through the flight. Crew were organized and friendly. A nice touch was the raising of the cabin lights during beverage service. Many food items were available for sale. We didn't buy any but liked that there were options. Flights were comfortable and calm."
"We flew to Puna Canta. Attendants were friendly and attentive we were celebrating our 50th anniversary and enjoyed the trip there and back. Impressed with the cleanliness of the bathrooms and the room in them. Hope to fly them again."
"Booked one way GSO-MCO Nov 26th. Few minutes late leaving and arriving but no problem. Cabin staff friendly and competent. Plane clean and IFE working. Thanks Frontier for bringing low cost full size plane service to GSO."
"Denver to Dayton to visit family in Ohio. Have flown Frontier many times before staff have always been courteous and apart from when I've flown home in the winter the flights have been on time. I have a direct flight so don't know about connecting flights."
"Overall I was very satisfied. Online booking was smooth I had no problems boarding and the flight left and arrived on time in Denver. I flew from Salt Lake to Little Rock to visit family and I might have to push my return date out so I am curious as to how smooth that will go. The drinks on flight were a small cup with ice the food was expensive and so were alcoholic drinks so I refrained from those. I would recommend this flight and would also add that more leg room would be nice."
"Portland-Denver-Jackson Hole in A320/A319. Smooth online booking online check-in and bag drop Flights on time and the service efficient. Seats in the cheapest part of the plane offered as much legroom as premium airlines' Economy. A non-alcoholic drink was served on each leg (no free snack). The hub at Denver was quite crowded and busy. Luggage took a long time to be unloaded at Jackson Hole. Overall a good experience."
"All in all pretty good experience. Flights were on time check in was smooth as were the flights. Flight attendants were great. The only cons were the planes were small and cramped especially on the Denver to Spokane leg. We paid extra for Classic Plus and felt like our knees were under our chins undoubtedly due to the aircraft type and the fact that three seats were squeezed into an area probably meant for two. We were shoulder to shoulder in the three row seating and both of us are small and thin. I imagine it would be even more miserable for people who are normal sized or a little overweight. It wasn't as bad on our return flight but it wasn't full and we had an empty seat in our row. The saving grace for Frontier at least as far as we were concerned was the courtesy of the staff at the airports and the personable flight attendants."
"Flight: In last month. Just returned last night to Anchorage. I used my Early Returns miles and took my family to ATL via DEN. All aspects of our trip were great on Frontier. We did takeoff 40 minutes late from DEN on our return but somehow managed to arrive 20 min's early into Anchorage. The planes were fine the service excellent and staff attitudes were quite positive. No problems and no complaints! I will fly them again soon!"
"Flew from La Guardia to Denver. Flight took off 40 minutes late but otherwise a pretty pleasant experience. Newish Airbus with comfortable leather seats decent legroom and direct TV screens in seatbacks. Crew was OK but unremarkable. I'd fly them again and consider them one of the better options in my market."
"Flew round trip from Minneapolis to Las Vegas via Denver. Staff very friendly and the overall experience was fantastic. I recommend upgrading to Classic Plus - it is well worth the extra money!"
"Flew roundtrip from Denver to San Diego return to Denver. Staff were friendly helping us with checking baggage. Boarding was easy boarded early due to no carry on bags. Flight staff friendly and efficient trying to get everyone's carry on bags stored. Seats were comfortable and had plenty of room. The TV was good had to pay for it but it was affordable. All of our bags made it to our destination. The return trip to Denver was just as pleasant the plane not very full so attendants let us change seats."
"Verified Review | On time flight Honolulu-Sydney with Hawaiian Airlines. Crew were friendly and efficient enough. Beverage supply was very good as were the meals albeit of the smaller size. Aircraft was in good condition and appeared to be of the newer A330 kind, however, the fact that the screen is fixed to the seat back in front makes for difficult viewing if the person in front reclines."
"Verified Review | Flew Hilo to Lihue via Honolulu. This trip was two very short flights, less than an hour in the air total, but Hawaiian left me with a good impression. The seats and plane interiors are nothing special, but for flights this short it doesn't matter - I've flown long haul with them and on those flights they're great. On this trip, despite checking in all the way to Lihue, for some reason my bag was only checked to Honolulu. I wasn't told this when checking in, so I arrived at Lihue to find my bag hadn't come with me. This was annoying, but the way Hawaiian handled it couldn't have been better. I was on the last flight for the night, but when I rang at 8am the next morning, my bag had already arrived. Then, a couple of days later, I noticed the fee I had paid for checked luggage refunded to my bank account, without me even asking. Every company makes mistakes sometimes, but if they all handled them like Hawaiian did, the world would be a much nicer place."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Maui with Hawaiian Airlines. Happy to see a big improvement in the front cabin after a few years of decline. The newly designed cabin is randomly available on domestic routes, always available on certain routes and will be a standard in the next year. Although it seems like they spent as little as they could. Entertainment is via a large iPad attached to a pole that pulls out like a tray table. Odd but it's fine. The meal was quite good for domestic first class as well. The strength, when it is there is their bright light that can shine from Hawaiian people. Both attendants today were in the most Hawaiian way, gracious warm and great at their job. I hope it's a trend. Seats and entertainment matter but Hawaiians strength is in their hospitality. When it works, it's world class. When it's off you notice the less then great cabin. One more thing and it's big. No Wi-Fi and no plans. Big mistake, bad calculation on their part."
"Verified Review | I recently flew from Oakland to Honolulu and had the best flying experience ever! I give 100% credit to an amazing Flight Attendant. When we first got seated, there was a gentlemen who had taken a seat that was reserved for another customer. The gentlemen wanted to sit closer to his family who was in the middle isle but the customer who purchased a seat on the isle did so because she was breast feeding and had to pump during the flight and wanted easy access to and from the bathroom. The gentlemen sat in her seat and rudely wouldn't move. The FA noticed what had happened and did an amazing job resolving the situation for the customer who rightfully purchased her seat for accessibility. She did so in a very professional manner. Later in the flight the same FA asked if my wife and I had been to Hawaii before and we shared that this was our first trip. We explained that we had been trying to go for 18 years. We asked her for local recommendations and she later came back with a personal list that she created which today we spent the day visiting many of the destinations she recommended and candidly made our trip the best trip ever. As a Director of Sales for a large organization, I am constantly working with my staff to focus on the customer and deliver awesome customer experiences. Today, this FA made my wife and I huge promoters of Hawaiian Airlines. She went above and beyond to serve customers and did an awesome job doing so!"
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Hawaiian Airlines so I was very excited. It was a short, inter-island flight from Honolulu to Kahului. We departed on time and were in the air for only about 15 minutes. This meant that their was no in-flight entertainment but that was expected and it didn't pose any kind of problem because the view outside the window was enough entertainment for me! The flight was most enjoyable. The cabin crew was very kind and friendly. They passed out water or juice but also took requests from passengers if they wanted a different beverage. They also handed out a travel guide of Maui with a map and a list of activities to do. I had never experienced this on another airline so this was very touching. Landing was very smooth despite the wind and turbulence. I was very impressed! This was very good experience and if I ever return to Hawaii I would definitely fly them again!"
"Verified Review | Flew on Hawaiian Airlines flight HA897 from Honolulu to Beijing. I was very touched by the ground staff service. I am Chinese national (currently studying in Singapore) and my passport was stolen in Hilo. It was urgent to get back to China, get my new passport done before returning to Singapore, in order not to miss so lessons. However, there is no Chinese embassy in Hawaii. HA understood my special case scenario and allowed me to fly back to China without the original passport. In the airport, the HA ground staff as well as HNL airport ground staff were very kind and found a way to help. They took the initiative to contact the immigration checkpoint in both USA and China, they tried their best to let me board the aircraft. I was anxious about it and they consoled me and told me I would be fine. I managed to get back to China safe and sound. I'm was very impressed by the kind service attitude, otherwise, I would have to opt for a more troublesome way which is to fly 5 hours to LAX and visit the embassy there."
"Verified Review | Inter island flight from Honolulu to Hilo. This rather short flight is operated by a 20-year-old Boeing 717. The aircraft was old and there were no personal IFEs, but the seats were more comfortable than what I imagined. Only drinks were served on this short flight. But overall the experience was not bad, the check in, boarding process was smooth and the cabin crews were very helpful. HA offers 14 flights a day on this route. I recommend Hawaiian Airlines, especially to day trippers. As you can book a package tour, which gives you a one day return ticket from Honolulu and you can tour the volcano national park in Hilo."
"Loa Angeles to Sydney return via Honolulu. Efficient check-in and boarding. On-time departures and arrivals. Generally clean cabin and okay bathroom condition. Forced viewing of commercials Economy class food of child-size portion and poor quality; no choice for entre; no tomato juice; breakfast verges on inedible. Long gap between dinner and breakfast on a 10-hour flight. Frequent announcements to promote transactions (snacks; credit card; duty-free, etc.). Very limited viewing selections which are exactly the same on every one of the four flights that I took. Aisle seats on the two sides have reduced leg rooms due to a power strip that runs under those seats."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Sydney. Good functional airline to take you from point A to point B. Service was adequate but not to the same standards as Singapore Airlines, Emirates or Qantas. The food provided was minimal with just a chicken/rice dish option and a sandwich just prior to landing. Check-in was functional."
"Verified Review | Sydney to Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines. Flight HA451 seat 29J on a 1 year old Airbus A330-200 aircraft. Being an international flight your ticket price includes baggage, pre seat assignment, meals dinner and breakfast, drinks, entertainment, blanket, pillow and amenity kit with head phones. The seats have the usual economy class legroom and width which was okay for the 10 hour flight. The entertainment screens in the back of the seat were a nice size on the newer aircraft. Main streams movie choice is limited and somewhat dated but you can find easily find something to watch. Cabin service was friendly and efficient. There are 9 cabin crew on the aircraft which is less than Qantas so you do notice a slower response time to requests as the crew are busy. Meals were really nice, no choice but that was fine and really tasty. The tray was full with a salad, cheese and crackers and chocolate. Pictures below are of dinner and breakfast box. Drinks and then dinner service was right after takeoff while breakfast was 1.5 hours prior to landing. Maybe a little bit too long considering when dinner was served. Snacks can be purchased between meals. Overall a good flight and airline."
"Verified Review | Our check-in process with Hawaiian Airlines was very easy. Had no trouble. We had decided to fly into Los Angeles to catch our first flight experience on Hawaiian. I've had awful experiences on American, Delta, and former US Airways. All were awful and had heard about the incredible flights with Hawaiian. Our needs were met and we were comfortable waiting for our 1.00pm departure to Maui. The flight was quite smooth. Quiet and comfortable. Our inflight meal was excellent. We were not expecting a meal service due to our previous experience with other US carriers. The crew and pilots were attentive and courteous. We had a very pleasant experience and vowed to never fly anyone else out to the islands. Hawaiian will have our business from this point onward. We only wish they flew in Texas where we can hop and enjoy a longer ride with Hawaiian."
"Verified Review | Flight from Honolulu to Los Angeles with Hawaiian Airlines. Departure with some delay, but the plane was very clean and the seat was comfortable. Cabin crew always available and nice. Food was average. Only problem was the Inflight entertainment which was only available if you paid for it."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Sydney and return Brisbane to Honolulu on Hawaiian Airlines. Both flights were on time. The cabin crew was somewhat friendly, seats were comfortable and the entertainment was good (AVOD with dozens of movies). The major let down was the food. The main meal on the HNL-SYD flight, served shortly after take-off and the only option (no choices), consisted of some overly sweet chicken dish and was barely edible. At the end of the flight to SYD we were served 2 sandwiches which tasted ok, certainly better than the first meal. On the overnight return segment BNE-HNL we only got a pack of mystery meat sandwiches which were truly disgusting plus some ok single-choice breakfast before landing. Additional snacks were available on the flights but had to be purchased. Hawaiian Airlines could be a great airline if they just got the food right. I flew on a really cheap ticket so I can't really complain but if I had to pay the regular price I'd rather fly another airline with similar prices."
"A long flight from New York JFK to Honolulu made less tedious by excellent, friendly service. Regular cabin offers of water, very important on such a long flight and with a smile. The \"extra comfort\" seat is not really premium economy, but offers extra legroom; that and power is really the only benefit. Three criticisms: Hawaiian makes much of the fact that it's the only US airline still offering comp food, true, but not great quality. The seat-belt sign was turned on at the slightest bump, then left on way, way after any turbulence was way behind us. Cockpit crew need reminding to turn off the sign. Excellent selection of classics and new movies, TV etc on the IFE, but touch screen not responsive (no other controller) and in-flight earphones a rip-off. Hawaiian should make it clearer that pax should bring their own."
"Economy from Papeete to Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines. Not impressed with Hawaiian's service on this medium-haul, international red-eye flight. Limited inflight entertainment was available for purchase. Dinner consisted of a small sandwich and a cookie. There was no meal choice, so those with dietary restrictions were out of luck (myself included). I was also surprised that no breakfast was offered prior to landing in Honolulu. Of course, there were also no amenity kits. Flight attendants were approachable, but they were definitely not polished professionals."
"New York JFK to Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines, who are slightly above average for an American carrier, but far from a five star carrier. All flights on-time, staff were approachable, and the planes were clean. Unfortunately, there were no free films or games available on the long-haul flight. The airline boasts about being the only US carrier to offer free meals on domestic flights, but the food was pathetic. I've had better food on short-haul flight within Asia. There's also no meal choice, so you're out of luck if you can't eat what they offer."
"I flew this terrible 767 aircraft from San Jose to Honolulu. As I live in Hawaii I have no choice but to fly with Hawaiian Airlines. My whole family is Pualani gold. We only fly hawaiian Airlines and United. This is one of our first time flying the old 767 since the fleet got pretty much replaced by the A330. It was acceptable. The cabin was old and the food was not that great. but Hawaiian struggles in their early morning meals. The iPads have never had recent covers either. And we werent able to use our membership to buy the iPads either."
"After a 5 week vacation in Australia my wife and I returned to Alaska via Hawaiian Airlines flight from Brisbane to Honolulu. Several days earlier she suffered severe sunburn on her feet, and as we were checking in the Hawaiian Airlines staff offered her a wheelchair and allowed us to board first. The A330-200 was clean, aromatic tropical scent in the cabin air, nice island music was playing and they had mood lighting. The flight attendants went above and beyond to assist us. The inflight entertainment was free, food was hot. Seats were over the wing right side, 27H/J it was a 2-4-2 configuration. Though they were economy there plenty of leg room, but aisles are narrow though. Upon arrival in Honolulu were were escorted through all checkpoints and ferried to baggage clain by a valet. I cannot praise enough the Hawaiian staff."
"I flew Hawaiian Airlines from Los Angeles to Kahului return on a week-long Hawaiian holiday with my wife, our 2 young sons and my parents. We booked our seats in what HA calls \"premium economy\" which is actually the same seating as economy but with more legroom, priority boarding and complimentary meal service. We booked a centre row (4 abreast) and a window row (2 abreast) at a fare that was significantly less than that of the competition's premium economy fares. The aircraft on the outbound sector was a 3 year-old A330-200 that was clean and in good condition, and the inbound sector was a 4.5 year-old A330-200 that was in equally good condition. Each seat has its own IFE monitor with a decent array of programmes. The food is actually not bad, and excellent by airline food standards. The service was also outstanding - Hawaiian and Virgin America have by far the friendliest and most efficient cabin service, not at all like that of the unionised drones that work Delta, American and United. Both flights were on time. If you're flying to/from Hawaii, Hawaiian Airlines is definitely your best choice."
"We have travelled 14 times to honolulu and beyond with Hawaiian Airlines and every trip has been fantastic. We are regular travellers to Europe and the US and have flown with some good and bad airlines and have to say Hawaiian Airlines are our favourite to fly with."
"We found Hawaiian Airlines decent in the air but terrible ground service before and during our trip. The website is archaic in that you cannot book a child online, we had to ring and book our 3 year old who was then on a separate booking code etc which made checking in, changing seats etc a pain (Hawaiian sat him in different areas of the plane to us despite being a minor). Website advises you can book a bassinet for babies, however upon calling up you discover its an extra $140 each way for the privilege. Website does not state this! Ground staff in Honolulu were atrocious and getting any assistance with our complicated check in (kids, kid stuff, separate booking numbers, through ticket to Lihue etc etc) was like pulling teeth and we only got assistance when i turned on the tears (and we are experienced travellers, never have I encountered such useless customer service staff). Our bags then miss the flight but they did turn up on the next one. In the air we were quite happy. Brisbane to Honolulu return in the A330. Flight crew were helpful, accommodating with the baby and 3 year old, nice comfort kit provided as well as pillows and blankets, regular drink runs, food not terrible, plane clean, eat back entertainment free and with a decent veriety, good luggage allowance, flights on time. Honolulu to Lihue and return is a quick flight, they give you a beverage. All in all I would fly them again for the right price, as in the air they were fine. Just dont try to get any assistance out of them before or during your trip!"
"San Diego to Honolulu and I like Hawaiin Airlines. I have now flown with them twice. I like how the captain of the flight tells you over the intercom what islands you are flying over and other information. The seats are comfortable and the flight attendants are okay. I am happy to get to my destination safely and relaxed."
"Sydney to Hilo via Honolulu on Hawaiian Airlines in Business class. I was met with friendly faces and enjoyed the flight cocktails which flowed freely. The meals were also great. I have been using Hawaiian for 12 years and it's the crews that keep me loyal, they are caring and professional. The ground staff bend over backwards to make sure I receive the status benefits."
"First trip with Hawaiian Airlines. Online check-in was user friendly and bag drop at LAX was quick. The Hawaiian lounge in LAX is pretty awful, like a dated living room from the 80s (the lounge attendant told us it was due to close the following day). In the end we used Priority Pass to use the Air Canada Maple Leaf lounge which was great. Boarding was orderly and quick. The first class cabin is quite small and seems to take up about half of the space between the first and second set of cabin doors. The first class seat was comfortable but basic, reasonable width and legroom but not lie flat and for a tall guy it was not easy to get into a comfortable lying position. So although on a modern aircraft the seat felt straight out of the 80s again. The IFE was excellent, good choice and on demand with a decent size screen. What stood out about this flight was the cabin crew. We had a Los Angeles based crew with two crew working in the first class cabin. They were professional, friendly, warm and offered a great service. There were regular services and offers of drink top ups. Hawaiian could be a really great airline if they upgraded the first class seating and offered better lounges."
"Once again Hawaiian proves that economy class passengers can be treated well and comfortably. We paid for \"extra comfort\" seats on the Honolulu-Las Vegas leg both ways. For $70 each, each way, we got tremendous leg room and the 2+4+2 seating allowed my wife and I to have our own aisle and window row. Nice complimentary meals were served each way, along with a small glass or wine or mai tai. As to value, our two roundtrip tickets costs about $2000 and that was with a 50% discount on one fare due to their credit card. (You don't get a 50% discount on the $140 extra comfort seat upcharge for the roundtrip). We were willing to pay this for very comfortable flights at the more popular times. We did not look to see if we could have saved money by being cramped on an ultra low cost carrier, not did we check out the prices on the legacy airline competitors. Hawaiian has convinced us that they deliver a pleasant economy class experience which is becoming very unusual these days."
"Flight operated by Ohana for Hawaiian. Thirty five minute flight from KIA to OGG. Aircraft clean and tidy drinks offered en route. Being a small commuter plane very cramped but not a problem on such a short flight. Departed and arrived on time, no complaints."
"Much the same as the outward flight, same operator Ohana and aircraft a turbo prop ATR. Had problems at the gate with our booking for this one but sorted by friendly gate staff. Thirty five minute flight back to Kona all normal arrived early. No complaints."
"Flight was excellent, online check-in easy but bag drop off took a while as the first class line was slower then economy lines. No express line at security but didn't take long. Food was nice as was the bloody Mary's for the morning flight, crew always helpful and attentive. On landing in Honolulu we were advised there was no gate for us and we would need to wait 10-15 minutes, no problem as I had over an hour to make my connection. An hour later we were still on the plane sitting on Tarmac, everybody advised the crew of connecting flights, the crew announced that we would be rescedualed as they would not hold our connections. After an hour they found a gate for us. I ran and they had held the Hilo flight, the crew at that gate said they did not know that the Vegas flight was delayed so they waiting for the rest of the Vegas passengers, well done to the ground crew at inter island terminal. Honolulu is expanding to fast to keep up with infrastructure."
"Flying Hawaiians seasonal non stop was a pleasure. Comfortable seating, warm service and good food were the highlights of a pleasant comfortable experience. Nothing to add but a hearty recommendation. I actually prefer the older 767s over the newer A330's. Even the luggage was delivered in a timely manner."
"We have flown Hawaiian airlines about 8 times, and it has been satisfying every time. The service is very good, the seat is comfortable (especially the pillows), the food is pretty good and the legroom is comfortable. We fly this airline about once every two years, and it's been very satisfying. They are kid friendly too."
"AKL-HNL on a modern A330 in Extra Comfort seat in 11A. An excellent option at a small cost for the 9 hr long overnight flight. Whilst the seat was the same as Economy Class and the armrest was fixed, this row is situated directly behind Business Class in a small intimate cabin at the front of the plane. The leg room was huge, improving comfort and thus the ability to get some sleep. Return HNL-AKL afternoon flight was in standard Economy seat 18A and whilst a little tight when the person in front reclined, it was perfectly adequate and comfortable. On-demand movies / TV series / games were free and it was fun to watch some Hawaii-centric shows. The touch screen was not very responsive and there was no alternative controls resulting in a lot of unnecessary \"poking\". Upon embarkation, FA's handed out amenity kits comprising eye masks, headphones, earplugs and in Extra Comfort seats additional items were included in a cute little pouch. Food and drink service was prompt after takeoff and I think relevant to the time of travel. A snack pack was offered at midnight with a breakfast before arrival then on the return a hot chicken/rice dish at late PM takeoff with a sandwich as a late supper. Much better than a curry at 3am as I have experienced on some airlines. Service friendliness and professionalism was mixed depending on which crew member attended you (as always) and the return was much better but overall more than adequate. Water was offered frequently throughout the flight. My only negative would be the temperature of the cabin - it was freezing cold! The FA's were even wearing cardigans. And the complimentary blanket smelled like it had been in a smokers zone - it was disgusting. Fortunately I had packed my own. Overall I was very impressed with the flights. It represented good value and the inclusion 2 checked bags in the fare was a bonus. I would recommend this airline for this route and will fly with them again. It's a shame Honolulu Airport is their hub - it is woeful and not a pleasant experience."
"Chaos at the airport which is more the fault of the airport administration than the airline. Though it would be nice about the need to take a shuttle to the gate and there is nothing available at gate 34 except sandwich, sweets and drinks at highly inflated prices. Impressed with the cabin crew and range of inflight entertainment - although any announcement that was made whilst I using it nearly blasted my eardrums. Not quite as cold as my earlier flight but still needed the blanket. Flight was smooth and the landing feather like."
"I don't usually fly business class, so this was a treat. The first class check-in was fantastic. The seats were only recliner, but very comfortable. I didn't need full flat anyway, as it was not overnight. Attendants were attentive and professional. Food was very good. In-flight entertainment was varied, and had some documentaries available that were very interesting."
"Check in at Brisbane was poor, the machines didn't work and there seemed to be a shortage of staff. When I finally reached the counter, the young lady was polite and helpful. The actual flight was good, except the cabin was freezing and really needed that blanket. I was involved as a helper in a medical emergency and was impressed with the care and attention given by the crew. Found the shell like seats a little hard."
"Flight from Hilo to Honolulu, new cabin, seat 5B. The new seats are perfect for the 50 min fight - lots of legroom and comfortable. Staff as normal are perfect and professional. Only negative is I could not check in online and when I called tech support line it is horrible, always has been. Very rarely can they fix problems and can often give incorrect information."
"Sydney - Honolulu - Hilo. Today I was impressed with Hawaiian econ plus seat 11G I normally travel business class but was fully booked. Staff at Sydney check in were very good typical friendly while being professional. Boarding was good business and families first then econ plus. The seat is in a row 11 just behind business and has excellent leg room it's also in a quiet 3 row section away from the main cabin. Cabin crew excellent as usual high degree of customer service. During a medical problem on board they were very professional and showed honest care for the customer. The food for econ was very hot when served constant drinks available throughout the flight. Overall very impressed. 2 negatives having to pay for lounge entry in Sydney for platinum Hawaiian when platinum velocity can get in free. Next the ground crew at the inter island terminal were nowhere even close to the flight crew in customer service skills. The short island hop was in first as a free upgrade again friendly professional crew."
"Our family of four recently flew from Brisbane to Honolulu return with Hawaiian Airlines. We found ourselves to be pleasantly surprised by the airline. All of our flights were on schedule the service from crew was very friendly and helpful. For example on one flight our daughter wasn't hungry at the time our first meal was served. Later in the flight we asked what food options were available to purchase and the flight attendant then returned with a spare full meal. I also liked the fact that the staff offered water numerous times throughout the flight and also collected rubbish at very regular intervals. More so than anything other flight I have been on and I really appreciated these small measures which add to the enjoyment of the flight. The seats were comfortable enough with sufficient leg room. Would like to see a little more variety in the entertainment offered (movie and television show wise). We found the check in process not to be completely straight forward. Both occasions on checking in the machines were not working correctly. We then had to be checked in by a staff member at the desk. Overall though I would definitely fly with Hawaiian Airlines again."
"We recently flew Hawaiian Air from Seattle to Maui and return. Return flight was delayed and we had nothing but good come from it. They were very apologetic and one of the girls at the gate did a Hula dance for us and gave volunteers lessons. I enjoyed every minute of the flight there and back and liked the A30 airbus. It was our first experience flying Hawaiian Air and we will be flying it again next year to Maui. We were alerted via email that there was a delay so got to stay by the pool for a bit longer!"
"LAX-HNL-AKL. New A330 aircraft on both legs. Seat is very comfortable and sufficient for the length of flights. (Not a sleeper seat). Crew were excellent. Food and wine choices also very good. Would definitely fly them again."
"We traveled business class return Brisbane - Honolulu on new Airbus A300 aircraft. Only two negatives were limited pitch of business class seats as did not fully lie flat and limited movie selection on in flight entertainment. Food and inflight service was excellent."
"We flew Sydney-Honolulu-Sydney. We paid for extra comfort upgrades. We sat in seats 11A and 11B on the way to Honolulu and on the way back 14H and 14J. These seats provided a great amount of legroom for what we paid. The seats themselves were the most uncomfortable seats I've flown in - very hard. The service however was good. All crew members were friendly and flights departed and arrived on schedule. The food was pretty good as well."
"ITO-HNL-LAX return. Bulking at the cost of suitcases on the first leg of a trip to the UK we bought Premier Club cards as we checked in online. We understood matters would not tie up instantly and expected difficulties with the famously belligerent HA ground staff. This was not the case at Hilo where the charming early morning desk hand gave us the code for the lounge (for coffee) and sent us on our way. Well fine but HNL proved true to course Having got our boarding passes certified we went to board as Zone two only to have them snatched by a woman standing next to the line we wanted who said as loudly as possible \" This is first class you can not board here!\" Now we were not trying to board there and how prey does anybody which line which when they are not marked? Are HA loyal customers clairvoyant? On board good planes they do give passenger food in this case a good fruit breakfast and a rum cocktail before landing. Route back OK. Sad lounge at LAX but it is LAX nobody can work miracles and the on board service was good enough. Whether Premier Club is worth it only time will tell. I hope some of the money paid goes to training ground staff."
"Just booked OAK-OGG in 1st last night. Price was right after watching it for a week. This will be our 3rd trip to Maui in two years going with HA in 1st. Service has always been great with HA. Food good presentation well done. Wish there was more room in the 767's they use for this route. But fear that with the Slated smaller A/C proposed to take over this route we're not fans of in the least bit. Sure the 767's are showing their age but the staff tend to make the flights well worth it. In fact on last trip I left items at the check-in counter and didn't realize it until we were on the plane. Got off the plane and spoke with gate agent. She confirm with check-in person my items were there and that they'd store them until we returned since it was close to us departing. And to my surprise the check-in agent boarded the plane and handed me my items!"
"We snagged $1300 return to Seattle as part of a Canada a trip with a stopover in Hawaii for 3 days on the way back. For the price paid and considering we are a family of five could not complain. Staff are friendly with constant drink top ups and smiles. Meals are not huge and the lack of free entertainment is a small problem. I guess if I had paid a premium price I would of been a bit let down as the other airlines out there are better. I would definitely fly them again if the price was right."
"I travelled on 3 flights with Hawaiian airlines. From Oahu to Maui Maui to Oahu then Oahu to New York. I was surprised to be charged $25 per flight for the short island flights per bag put into the hold. But my main issue was that unlike all other airlines Hawaiian airlines do not cater for non meat eaters. If you are a vegetarian there are no food options for you even on the 9hr flight from Oahu to New York. In this day and age that is totally unacceptable."
"I flew business class from Sydney to Honolulu. Getting through Sydney airport was a dream no queuing for check-in and expedient trip through both customs and security with priority. The Air New Zealand lounge was adequate clean and comfortable. It is not the best lounge I have spent time in but having said that there was good selection of food and drink. Boarding was effortless and again done with priority. The plane was old and it showed in the console and to a lesser extent the seats. The seats were comfortable plenty of leg room the seat recline was not sufficient enough for a comfortable nights sleep. The leg and foot rest mechanism in my seat was faulty. The staff were wonderful and very attentive both food and drink were plentiful and a good variety to choose from. The entertainment selection was good but a few more recent release movies would have been nice. I had a window seat once the seat in front of me reclined I literally had to climb over the console to be able to go to the toilet. The USB charge facility did not work so don't rely on that. All the above pertains to the trip home as well with the Exception of the Hawaiian Airline Lounge at Honolulu Airport. If your idea of a business class lounge is a cup of coffee or a soft drink then you will be happy. Not only did they not provide anything other than a packet of nuts they do not allow you to take any food or drinks in. I would not bother using it again the point being the lounge facility is part and parcel of flying business and first class and Hawaiian need to lift their game. Again I must say I could not fault the flight staff or the food and beverage services on the aircraft."
"HNL-KOA-HNL in economy. We had a very uneventful flight with Hawaiian Airlines inter-island. They have good teamwork onboard the FA uniforms are really smart the \"juice\" is rotten (so just get water) up and down and painless flights. In the poorly designed Kona airport I liked how Hawaiian have a ramp for the entry to the plane for wheelchair passengers and everyone with their giant roller bags. Can't imagine how boarding would work with stairs only. They have a monopoly on inter-island travel so it could be far worse."
"We flew Brisbane - Honolulu for the 5th time in August 2nd time with Hawaiian Airlines this time we flew Bus class and was worth paying the extra the service was typically American very friendly and helpful and the food was great with plenty of choices and plenty of drinks. There was an ipad to watch movies for the duration of the flight. All round a great flight and fantastic crew."
"Flew Brisbane to Honolulu return in last few weeks. Seats comfortable with lots of leg room. No movies shown overnight. Movies shown on way home in the day. Only big screen. Service ok. Food too spicy. Kids meals very good. On way home 2hrs out no toilets in entire plans. Some problem. They didn't announce that though. Check in at Honolulu is entirely self check in. Rather daunting. Wouldn't recommend for elderly not a lot of help around. Would fly them again for excellent luggage allowance!"
"Flew SYD-HNL-PDX return June/July 2014 with Hawaiian. The price was right and the A330 aircraft configuration of 2-4-2 was handy for couples and family groups alike. Seats were rather hard on the behind after a few hours and getting up to move the limbs is hard if crew are working the aisles with snacks & meals though these weren't too common. It is all pretty no frills stuff though on the international sectors all the in flight entertainment is free but premium content is paid for on domestic sectors. The meals were adequate on international but really a token effort on domestic although Hawaiian claims they are the sole US airline to feed you on domestic sectors anyway. SYD-HNL is overnight so it is best to just try to sleep or doze the night away after they feed you an hour or so out of SYD. a 3 hour layover and HNL-PDX is a daytime flight that arrives just after dark in the last bit of the trip. PDX-HNL is daytime but is a bearable 5.5 hours or so. My most negative comments are about the HNL-SYD sectors flown almost entirely in daytime again staff feed you an hour or two out and do a few rounds of drinks but then want everyone to close the blinds and basically sleep/doze/not bother them for the next 7 hours or so. Overall we got to PDX for a month at a super low fare and knew what to expect having read a number of reviews here so had reasonably low expectations for all the additional things airlines can add to make trips bearable. I'd hate to have paid full price for the trip. Having said that for the same price we'd probably do it again."
"We flew Hawaiian Airlines on our recent trip from Auckland to Honolulu return as well as flights from Honolulu to Maui return. We were very pleased with all flights. Air crew planes and all check in staff were excellent and we were pleased to have chosen Hawaiian to fly with. We will definitely fly with them again."
"Travelled from Honolulu to Sydney. Seats squashed together and hard and uncomfortable. Less room than on an Australian domestic flight. 7.5 hours between lunch and dinner there was a limited range of food available to buy in between meals but best to bring a snack with you. Friendly helpful flight attendants huge luggage allowance (2 x 32 kilo bags) complimentary pillow blanket headphones eye mask and ear plugs: good selection of movies TV shows games and music."
"Trip Brisbane to Honolulu return - Economy class. My wife and I flew Hawaiian Airlines as they offer a direct flight from Brisbane. We flew in a Boeing 767 and found there seemed to be more leg room than some of the more recent aircraft. Service was good both ways."
"Flew Sydney to Honolulu then Honolulu to Las Vegas and back to Honolulu on A330 overall flights were good especially the international legs but the seats on the 330 are far too hard. The flight attendants were very good we then flew Honolulu to Brisbane on old 767 but actually this aircraft was very comfortable and would be my preference over the 330 every time."
"I flew to Honolulu from Sydney returning to Brisbane last week and was impressed with the onboard service. I was connecting from a internal flight to a Hawaiian Air flight and had a great welcome from desk staff which continued in the Air New Zealand Lounge. Great food and drink service with great amenities. On board the A320 the unique Hawaiian welcome on board set the ambience for a great fight. Food and drinks service and care was exceptional. The great experience with Hawaiian Air resumed on my return flight on a 767 to Brisbane. The friendly welcome from Hawaiian ground staff at the curb side at the Honolulu terminal until I got on board was terrific. My only disappointment was the Hawaiian Premier Lounge need to look at their code share airlines Virgin or Air NZ for a better standard. I felt I had the privilege of spending a further 10 hrs in Hawaii surrounded by the friendliness of Hawaiian culture. Good one Hawaiian Air ... I'll be back!"
"Las Vegas to Honolulu round trip in first class. This was our first experience in first class and we were very pleased. Immediate friendly service before leaving Las Vegas. Very good food and plenty to drink. On the trip back the entertainment screen failed and a flight attendant dead heading back to Las Vegas helped me get it working. Again very good and friendly service from the crew. As this was our first time in first class I can't compare seats to other airlines or plane models; but our seats were very comfortable on the A 330. If we can afford it we would definitely do this again."
"Hawaiian is usually very good at customer service once you are on the plane but the process to get a seat or an upgrade is the worst that I have experienced in the 17 years that I have traveled for business. As a Platinum member I have vouchers for a complimentary upgrade to first class on flights from the mainland to Oahu. I am now on my 3rd year of travel to Hawaii and I have not been upgraded once. The process requires that you wait until 72 hours before the flight before they will consider an upgrade but most of the time First Class is sold out by that time. Even if it isn't sold out they will not allow any upgrades until the last minute in hopes of generating more revenue. The fact that they offer First Class to their Elite customers then put processes in place that makes it impossible to use it says that they really don't have anyone with any customer elations skills working at the corporate office. I fly to Hawaii 6 or 7 times a year and I would rather they didn't send me any type of upgrade certificate as a teaser if they are never going to let me use it."
"Brisbane - Honolulu Boeing 767. Seat comfortable food ok. Departed on time and arrived on time. Honolulu - Sydney Airbus 330. Seat Rock hard (Standard Airbus) food oK dinner could have come about an hour earlier. It was served about 8 hours after lunch. Entertainment excellent. Departed 30 minutes late arrived 10 minutes late however did make for tight connection for Brisbane flight."
"I fly monthly on Hawaiian and January is always a surprising month as they change services for the new year. This time HNL-PDX I flew coach exit row. No meal upgrade available like in 2013. Instead their complementary meal was a soggy bready carbohydrate laden terrible mess. It's as if Hawaiian said: let's do this on the cheap so we can say \"we're the only airline to offer complimentary meals from mainland to Hawaii\". I get PR but what I was served was like a slap in the customers face it was so horrible. I would pay the $15 for a more appetizing meal. The crew was as always excellent."
"Positive experience on short return hop between Honolulu and Kona. All flights on time. Baggage was not on plane on arrival in Kona but arrived on the next flight after a short wait. Staff was friendly and professional."
"San Diego - HNL - Hilo. Good service very welcoming staff small portions of food but good breakfast consisted of fruit crackers and cheese and macadamia chocolate. Later we were served a cocktail and chips which was lovely. Most entertainment has to be paid for and I think so has the earphones but I had my own entertainment. My one bugbear the recline of the seats are ridiculous with the travellers in front nearly on your knee more so than on any other airline I've flown with. Luckily they were very strict at meal times for seats to be upright. All in all a pleasant experience."
"HA451 13/12/13 business class seat 1G. On time boarding and departure and thankfully business class before children this time. As usual I was treated as a VIP due to my platinum status. Once onboard the business class cabin staff were outstanding they introduced themselves by name and learnt the customers names. The smiling faces of the 3 business class flight attendants was great - nothing was a bother for them. The food as usual on Hawaiian were great fish and veal with a very nice sweet for dessert plus dessert wines and liquors drinks flowed the whole way to Honolulu. After a sleep in the comfy armchair recliners style seats a big healthy breakfast was served about an hour out of Honolulu. One and only complaint this is an ongoing issue all of the bags marked first class priority were last off this problem always happens at Honolulu and in Sydney. Otherwise as usual great service and a highly professional team that needs acknowledged."
"HNL to AKL. Very clean A330 with neat mood lighting throughout whole cabin. Nice food but no choice. Free drinks and snacks provided at the back during the flight. Crew we're very friendly. Movies not the latest but plenty to watch. Would fly again."
"Sydney to Honolulu return A330 brand new planes. Clean tidy interior with mood lighting. Lovely helpful friendly staff. Very reassuring when we hit what they said was severe turbulence on the way to Hawaii. Kept us well informed of what was happening. Food pretty good for airline food and drinks aplenty. Always smiling. Flights all on time. Would definitely be my choice of airline flying to Hawaii or Americas again."
"Honolulu to SF First Class. Excellent service very good food. Only complaint is that the first class seats on the A330 are just not that comfortable especially when not reclined. 767 is more comfortable and the rest room is larger! All in all a nice experience."
"We flew for the first time with Hawaiian airlines from Brisbane on 767 to Hawaii then onto Vegas. We upgraded to business class on flight from Brisbane to Hawaii the night before on online check in for discounted price - worth it. Lounge at Brisbane airport is AirNZ and was great. Staff on ground very helpful food great we paid extra for bulkhead seat from Vegas to Hawaii - again worth it plenty of leg room. I found every aspect of the flights great."
"BNE-HNL return Business although not fully flat the recliner seats are very comfy food and beverages excellent as well as the staff. Inflight entertainment on the 767er not so good but the service made up for it. As previously mentioned the lounge in HNL really needs upgrading we walked in used the restroom and walked out."
"I flew HA436 first class from SYD to HNL on 12th October on a brand new A330 and had a very good experience - attentive crew - great food preparation and meal and beverage service and good in-flight entertainment. The only drawback was the lack of a lie flat bed for a 9 hour flight-the seat was comfortable but if HA pulled out those cradle type seats in First and removed the economy seats in the second smaller cabin and installed lie flat beds in both cabins they would have a great product and sweep away their competition."
"Hilo to Sydney via Honolulu. Web check in went well purchased preferred seats for Honolulu to Sydney cost $75 seat 14B. Hilo to Honolulu HA 121 8.50am departure seat 1B first class. Lounge at Hilo very basic free wifi coffee and soft drink. Pre boarding done correctly on time departure quick 50 minute flight just enough time for a coffee and a biscuit. Honolulu to Sydney HA 451 seat 14B the reserved seating bulk head seat cost $75 extra. Boarding called in correct order except kids get priority again. My bulk head seat was as spacious as an economy seat can be. I would have preferred the seats in row 11 but they were blocked for the entire 24 hour period during check in. Not long after take off a very friendly stewardess offered drinks and 2 hours into flights refills and dinner served would give this food a 4 out of 5 for economy. There was a lot of young families traveling with babies all were reasonably behaved for a 10 hour flight. There of course was one family who thought it was ok for their children to play a portable DVD player without head phones so all the cabin could hear it."
"5th October SYD-HNL-ITO. This is my 10th year as a dedicated Hawaiian air traveller for long distance trip SYD to HNL and Hilo also to LA and Vegas also started to use their HNL to JFK this year and looking forward to their expansion with new aircraft purchase planned. Today's trip started on 4th October at 2000 when I attempted to use the web check in 24 hours prior with no success. I am lucky I am a gold Pualani member so I called their dedicated line after about 25 minutes they were able to upgrade my SYD-HNL flight and my HNL-Hilo which is good as business on Hawaiian is normally very good. 5th October check in was a breeze with the dedicated business and Pualani member line and with express pass through immigration I was In the Air New Zealand lounge in no time. This Air NZ lounge has improved over the past few years it was getting tired and food mediocre. But gladly today much better I really like the self help bar. My flight is scheduled for 2000 departure I noticed in bound flight arrived on time. Boarding started on time and again children first before business - this always annoys me. Once onboard was offered welcome champagne or juice the seats are wide leather seats but don't lie flat but are still very comfortable and they have power for your iPad or iPhone. Take off on time and as soon as we levelled off drinks started to flow I had a few chivas regals and before dinner there also was a cheese plate. 3 options for dinner I had the veal and catch of the day and it was fantastic. Breakfast was strawberry yoghurt fresh fruit plate country style potatoes and crab and scallion omelette also fantastic. The cabin crew were very attentive and professional I managed to get a good couple of hours sleep and rested for my next flight HNL to Hilo. Got through customs fairly fast but maybe they could looking into express path for business passengers like in Sydney. At the transfer desk no Hawaiian staff there to send my bags to Hilo so had to take them to the inter island terminal myself. Once there was easy to drop off bags and head to the priority security line. Honolulu to Hilo again seat 1B a quick 50 minute flight no problems arrived on time and bags were quickly available. Over all a 5 star trip very pleased and look forward to many more Hawaiian trips."
"San Francisco-Honolulu-San Francisco in September 2013. Outbound Flight HA11 boarded on time boarding was organized flight left and arrived on time. Newish Airbus A330-200's economy cabin was stylish and comfortable. Basic IFE offered little entertainment you have to pay extra for movies and TV programs. Not a problem for me and my wife as we brought our own respective iPads. The outbound basic \"free\" meal consisted of a fruit tray a cookie a Hawaiian chocolate candy in a wrapper water and juice or soda. Upgraded meal was $14 for a hamburger or a Chicken salad with a few extras on the meal tray but we felt those were not good values for their prices therefore we bought two sandwiches in the airport before our flight. Flight attendants were pleasant and they offered free Mai Tais and Hawaiian chips about one hour before landing in HNL. Total of three drink runs during the 5 1/2-hour flight. Return flight HA12 also with organized boarding left and arrived on time. Nothing new to say about the Airbus A330-200's IFE except this particular airplane's moving map display has an added information on the airplane's flight level in meters and feet. Surprised we were given \"free\" in-flight meal of Chicken- stuffed hot sandwich with a small salad and Hawaiian chocolate candy a free cup of wine was an option! This was very much appreciated. Again three drink runs during this 4 1/2-hour flight. Flight attendants were pleasant and efficient. With HA's convenient departure and arrival times and newer Airbus A330-200 aircraft's used on the SFO- HNL-SFO routes we will fly with them again next time we visit the Hawaiian Islands."
"SFO to HNL (7 Sep) HNL to/from Lihue (09/10 Sep) and final sector on HA445 to Auckland (13 Sep). Per my previous post this airline could be good. Pluses: new A330 aircraft flights on time decent 2 piece 70 lb baggage allowance for international pax the crew on the final four sectors were much more enthusiastic in serving their passengers (HA445 in particular) the web check-in and bag drop at all airports worked well. The pluses end there. Minuses: For international passengers the food/beverage and inflight entertainment is dire. Can see why US passengers might rate them highly given what they endure domestically! What's with the bland chicken and rice dishes on all lunch and dinner flights? The free F+B offering on SFO-HNL breakfast run consists of 4 grapes 4 slices of melon a piece of cheese and 2 packs of crackers? HA should charge a couple of bucks more and get serious with their offerings or drop the pretence of food completely and charge for a decent offering. The 'complimentary IFE' is a joke in content despite the new A330 planes even the pay per view movies (US$7.99 a pop) were exceedingly limited in choice. The HA terminal in HNL and terminal in LIH are in a time warp but suspect this to be the fault of the airport authorities (and TSA is certainly outside HA's control). Like I said all's not lost this airline certainly is no 4/5 star airline but it could be halfway decent with a few weeks. For the price paid not really good value. A shame as actually had been looking forward to flying them to and from SFO. Could only recommend HA only if price substantially cheaper than other options."
"I flew from Oakland to Maui on Sep 11. I arrived at the airport at 6am 2 hours before departure. Check-in was a breeze with friendly staff despite the early time of the day. The fee to check in a 45-lb suitcase was $25 (quite standard nowadays). I have flown on many Boeing 767's and this one was by far the quietest one ever. Flight attendants were very friendly. The complimentary breakfast after take-off and the complimentary rum punch before landing are a really nice touch when flying in the economy cabin. I can only think of two draw-backs: 1) your regular head-sets don't work well (you need a two-prong plug or you only hear their [free] video entertainment out of one ear]) and 2) the cabin is very cold (I was prepared and wore my coat but several folks around me were sneezing). Overall: a very good experience!"
"I have flown Hawaiian Airlines about 20 times now Oakland to either Hilo or Kona last trip was March 2013. As far as I'm concerned there is no other like it. I wish they flew all over the Continental US. Fantastic service on the ground and in the plane. If flights were more than half off with other airlines I wouldn't go I'm staying with Hawaiian."
"If you are flying coach w/o elite status Hawaiian Airlines is great because they you are their target market. I have flown Hawaiian many times between Las Vegas and Hawaii most recently just a few days ago. Here is what I like: 1) A decent seat pitch of 32 inches is standard 2) seating on the transpacific planes is 2-4-2 so a husband and wife can get a window aisle seat by themselves 3) nice free meals in coach 4) they actually answer the phone reasonably quickly by airline standards 5) the flight attendants are actually friendly."
"LAX to HNL in First bumped onto Hawaiian due to American Airlines flight going tech. Great new Airbus aircraft clean bright and fresh fantastic staff friendly very out going nice pre take off drinks great Menu and Catering Wine choice was very limited and The Seat is terribly uncomfortable but overall I think Hawaiian have a great little niche and are the best of the American Carriers."
"Oakland - Maui - Kona. An excellent experience from start to finish. Great service punctuated by smiles and efficiency. A delicious breakfast was served with a small cheese plate offered before landing. The other carriers on these Hawaiian routes should take notes about first class service and offerings. Easy transfer in Maui to a short efficient hop to Kona."
"Honolulu-Seattle-Maui First Class. Although somehow skimpier than it was in past years the experience was generally very good. Smiling truly friendly attendants comfortable (767) seating and decent food are the mainstay of Hawaiians First Class mainland service and they delivered. The aircraft is old but very comfortable. Digi players are annoying and clumsy to use but provide a fair amount of entertainment on this particular route. Somehow the meals seemed a little less robust than before but were tasty. All in all at the head of the pack certainly for travel to and from Hawaii and perhaps domestically altogether."
"SYD-HNL return. Sydney to Honolulu - Check in staff very efficient. Friends travelling to Honolulu night before and went to service desk to ask about window seats. The man at the desk said that we were currently sitting in the middle of the aircraft and he would try to get us window seats as the flight was full. Arrived at the airport next day to check in and was assigned window seats. Cabin crew were very friendly. All of them smiling. Cabin very clean and comfortable. New A330 aircraft. Pillow and blanket provided. Food was good. Very good portion sizes. Cabin crew regularly came through the cabin offering water to passengers. Other drinks were available from the galley upon request. Range of TV's and movies available to watch. Over movies were available for a fee. Smooth flight. Honolulu to Sydney - Printed out boarding pass previous day and had chosen seats then. This time in the middle of the aircraft. Used self serve kiosks to weigh and print out bag tags. Also printed out new boarding passes. Very efficient process. Again a friendly crew. Meal service was good again. This time sitting in the middle of the aircraft there seemed to be more legroom. Cabin crew kept offering water during the flight. The Pau Hana Snack bar was open during the flight. Staff very friendly and efficient. However 1 cabin crew member did not seem as if she wanted to be there. All other cabin crew were great."
"Hilo to Sydney via Honolulu 10th June. Hilo check in was quick bags booked all the way to Sydney. I still get the lounge due to gold status. Hilo to Honolulu seat 7b 8.50am flight left on time pleasant crew. At Honolulu lounge access again basic wifi coffee soft drinks. No food or snacks available and lounge is a long walk from international gates. Honolulu to Sydney business HA451 seat 1H. Boarding procedures were business and wheelchairs first as it should be then children and pualani gold and platinum. Plane left on time clean and new airbus welcoming crew. After take off spicy crab sushi with pickled ginger and cocktails 45 minutes after take off. Dinner was salmon in rice paper Himalayan rice with macadamia nut pesto and salad - very impressed. Desert was Ice cream truffle strawberry sorbet. Cocktails constant and staff attentive. Before arrival a Hawaiian style high tea was served. Arrival as usual. Due to the airbus only utilizes one door business must walk back through economy to get off so not first off the plane but we are given priority customs forms to fast track forms through customs and immigration. Bags are tagged first class priority and come through very quick. My only complaint is Sydney airport customs they give you an express path ticket when in business and first and that line was huge at Sydney. Overall a great flight and always recommend Hawaiian to all USA destinations."
"Flight HA17 Las Vegas to Honolulu 1 June 13 1.55am red eye. Disappointed no Hawaiian lounge for members at Las Vegas airport security was fast. Seat 14d bulkhead seat at $25 extra is worth it. Boarding was chaos people had to fight to the front to get in as a Pualani gold member. At Las Vegas they do boarding differently wheelchairs first children then first followed by platinum then gold. Once on board I had an annoying kid kicking my seat continually parents not stopping it until I said something. After take off I settled into a nice sleep lights all turned down for people to rest. Drinks were served and free soft drinks and coffee towards landing. Arrival in Honolulu was on time and deplaned 4.45am. Crew friendly and attentive not much involvement as it was an over night flight."
"Hilo to HNL 26 May 13 HA 311 Seats 6A. Check-in early and easy in Hilo booked all the way to Vegas. Very basic lounge in Hilo for 1st class and premier club members. Flight on time free juice or water available on 50 minute flight. HNL to Las Vegas HA 8 Seat 29B. Take off on time very packed flight. Cocktail hour started not long after take off and I was informed that Pualani Gold no longer get 2 free cocktails a little disappointing for a 5 hour flight. Pillows and blankets were ok for Economy. Staff appeared to be nice friendly and relaxed they were always walking around to make sure everyone had what they wanted - no request went unanswered. Flight delayed 45 minutes dues to head winds."
"Las Vegas - HNL on a 767-300. Staff on the flight were very good with plenty of genuine smiles and offers of assistance. Food and drink offerings were as expected as most options are at a cost. I paid for a digi player and it was ok to pass the time on this 6+ hr sector and found it ok but the selections were a bit limited and in most cases fairly out of date which was disappointing. The real downside was the fact that blankets are not offered and must be bought which would be ok but they hold a very small stock which sold quickly and the cabin was freezing. Fine for the staff who had jackets to wear but for a plane load of people leaving one hot destination for another this isn't good as most people were in shorts and t-shirts."
"SYD-HNL HA 436 20.00 flight depart SYD on time Seat 1B. USB power available. Check-in smooth friendly and personal as you would expect for a Pualani Gold Member. Air New Zealand lounge for drinks and snacks a little over crowded. In bound plane arrived on time. Boarding is always a push and shove in Sydney and they start with children which annoys me Business or First should go first. After being seated champagne was nice but rushed. Only 9 people in business and 3 flight attendants so good service. After take off hot towels and customs forms handed out. Tables set for cheese biscuits and cocktails served. Staff friendly and professional. Dinner served less than 1 hour into the flight. I had steak and pumpkin ravioli and it was very nice. Lights turned down and window shades closed. Bathroom nice laid out with amenities. Sleep as always is hard for me the seats are not lie flat but are still comfortable leather recliners. Breakfast served an hour out of Honolulu. In Honolulu only had 1 hour 15 minutes to make it through customs and my next flight I made it through customs in 15 mins. Overall a great flight and what I have come to expect from Hawaiian business class."
"KOA-OGG-LIH-HNL. We made 3 inter island flights with Hawaiian on our vacation (3 persons). Flights were almost on time. Staff helpful and friendly. Only a drink service (fruit juice) on the short flights (30min). Planes (B717) clean and with a special \"Hawaiian fragrance\" in the cabin. Good value for the money."
"HNL-OGG-KOA-HNL. Three separate legs during a vacation on B717.Very good service on these short trips all on time."
"My husband and I flew to Honolulu stayed for 6 days then flew on to San Francisco. From being able to check-in online choose or change our seats online to the overall appearance of the plane to the staff etc it was a great experience. I am vegetarian and they do not cater specifically for us so took some food on board. Our seats were good not quite as much leg room as other airlines but sufficient. Baggage allowance was fantastic. Left and arrived on time. Coming back from SF to NZ was a different story. We had extra luggage so we did a manual check in there were issues with the computer system as it was new. Staff were great. Boarded on time then the Captain announced there were problems after 2 hours on the tarmac we disembarked. Captain kept us well informed. Missed our connecting flights. Once again the staff were great. They re-booked all of us gave us generous food vouchers organised free trolleys for our luggage and had them waiting for us when we went to collect our luggage. A pretty good experience and we would recommend them."
"Flew SAN to OGG with layovers at HNL both legs. All flights left and arrived early. We were even able to take an earlier connecting flight from OGG to HNL for no extra charge. Service was friendly but not outstanding."
"Quick flights between HNL-OGG and KOA. Very pleasant airline. Smiling crew. Efficient boarding resulting in very punctual departures. Beverages were offered: a lot of efforts are put in these very short flights. Can't wait to try them on longer route! Hawaiian airlines should consider flying to Vancouver!"
"Flew Hawaiian for the first time from San Francisco to Honolulu in coach with some trepidation given previous reviews. On checking in online exit row seats (window/aisle) in a 2-4-2 layout were available at 35 bucks each. Well worth the money especially as priority boarding was thrown in to the price. Bag drop was slow but bags helpfully tagged through to Molokai. Well organised boarding on a completely full flight plus the priority boarding meant that overhead bin space wasn't an issue (though it was for others who boarded later). An on time departure and a very thorough briefing on our role at the emergency exit set a positive tone for the flight. A \"continental breakfast\" (but more like a snack box) with a sweet roll with cream cheese savoury snack bag and a cookie plus T&Cs and juice was served promptly. A second round of T&Cs and a later water run were offered and unexpected. An hour or so out of Honolulu a further drinks run with T&Cs and complimentary mai tai were offered concluding a cabin service which was good and delivered by friendly and professional crew. All in all - cheaper than other N American carriers by a fair amount with a good level of service I wasn't expecting."
"Short OGG-KOA island hop flight in a Boeing 717. Chose HA over others since preferred to be in a jet rather than smaller turboprop. Rather chaotic check-in process but that could be the fault of the airport and once past that it was all good. We had aisle and window seats with one person in between us. Didn't feel cramped. We had tried to upgrade to first the day before (you can to it at a reduced charge 24 hours in advance) but fc seats already filled. No matter. Didn't see that much of a difference. And for such a short flight economy was just fine."
"SEA-HNL in a B767. Upgraded to first class at check-in. Seats more business class than first. Service from cabin crew excellent. Food was edible plenty of snacks and drinks available. IFE was a joke. Digi player was old and content the same!"
"This is my second trip with Hawaiian Airlines. Both times were first class the most recent flight being 01/08/2013 HA 51 JFK to HNL. Flight Crew was very nice. The food was very good even though a touch fancy for my taste. One complaint though why should they charge a first class passenger an overweight fee for a bag."
"I wasn't expecting much because my ticket from Honolulu to LA was only $172! After flying from Auckland to Honolulu and receiving nothing but water I was bowled over when we were given a complimentary snack box beverages and even a complimentary mai-tai. The entertainment required a 10 dollar fee and since I did not have my own headset an additional 3 dollars bought a headset. The attendants were lukewarm."
"HNL-KON-OGG-HNL. Inter-island service is fantastic very comfortable. Every time we were asked by check-in staff whether we wanted emergency exit as I am very tall whilst flights are short as soon as we took off a tasty local fruit drink was offered. I was so impressed I will try them long haul next time hopefully they add Melbourne to their Brisbane and Sydney destinations in Australia."
"BNE-HNL-SEA. Check-in at BNE was easily the slowest I have experienced anywhere - terrible. The check-in staff at BNE are obviously local contractors who couldn't even tell me if I needed to change terminals at Honolulu ! Very poor directions from ground staff at HNL as to how to get to domestic flight. Aircraft was clean comfortable and seat space seemed quite OK. Staff on board are excellent and very friendly. Ground staff need a good shaking up. Meals only so-so. Lousy in-flight entertainment I simply didn't bother. I would fly again if they could trim their prices a bit but if cabin staff should ever fail me I wouldn't be back."
"JFK-HNL-JHM-HNL-JFK. Excellent trip in all respects. JFK-HNL leg was on a new A330. Economy seats are 32\" pitch more than most US carriers. That extra inch makes a difference on a 10-11 hour flight. Two free meals were served by hard-working and attentive staff along with several drink services. Yes the first bag cost $35 but Hawaiian checked it through from JFK to West Maui even though that flight was on Island Air and I never touched the luggage until I reached my final destination. I enjoyed these flights so much that I have already reserved another JFK-HNL-KOA-HNL-JFK trip for this coming July. Since I booked so early I was able to snag row 13 which is in the small quiet section behind Business Class."
"SYD-HNL-OGG-HNL-SYD in December 2012. A330-200 between Sydney and Honolulu and B717 between Honolulu and Maui. All flights on time. On A330 I would advise taking the $75 upgrade to a bulkhead seat - particularly row 11 as its right behind Business class and in a mini cabin of only 3 rows. If travelling overnight I'd pay for economy and upgrade on check-in online to Business if available. Best thing about the flights was the excellent service and the prompt appearance of baggage at the carousel. Food was good drinks plentiful. Pay TV option was a bit much but we read. I joined their FF program before I booked - for only $120 it was worth it! Business check-in express pass through customs lounge access it's kind of like the Qantas Club. You also get priority boarding which was very useful. Hawaiian's aircraft on the Sydney to Honolulu route are all brand new A330s."
"Flight from Seattle to Honolulu in an old Boeing 767 which was 26 years old. Crew was nice but service was normal. Seats were broken and legroom was ok lavatories showed their age and had a bad smell. Free food service that is not normal on us-carriers. Food was enough and the quality was fair. Took some time in Honolulu until we reached the gate almost 20 minutes after landing."
"Flight from Honolulu to Maui and return. Flight was on an B717 which is a nice plane. Crew was very friendly and had a smile. Seating was better than on older 767. Juice was served shortly after take-off. They offered maps with sights of Maui for free. Baggage was soon on belt. Good job for a short flight like this."
"Airbus 330 flight from Honolulu to Las Vegas. Aircraft had new AVOD but they charge for movies. Free dinner was served with rice beef and veggies. Crew came around with water and juice during flight. Flight on time and seating in the new aircraft is very good. Check in kiosk did not work so we had to do it with staff together."
"Wife and I flew from Las Vegas to Kona Hawaii connecting both ways in Honolulu. The LAS-HON leg is on an Airbus with 2+4+2 seating in economy so my wife and I can sit together. Hawaiian doesn't jam the seats in economy together as much as some airlines. And for an extra $35 per passenger each way you can get a bulkhead or exit row seat with tons of legroom but to get this you have to do online check-in pretty darn close to 24 hours before your flight. You can actually call the airline and talk to a customer representative without waiting more than a few minutes. If you fly in the evening you get a free tasty although small real hot meal with veggies and meat salad and dessert. (The breakfast service is also free but not as nice as the dinner.) Also when I asked about wine the steward mentioned the half bottle (375 ml) of red as having pleased other passengers so my wife and I bought it for $16 and it was a nice pinot noir."
"I hate overnight flights so I booked Business class for the Sydney Hawaii leg in the hope that the extra $1000 would provide a decent night's sleep. Wrong! While the seats do have a footrest and recline more than in economy there was little similarity between Hawaiian and other carriers business class seats Even the pillows were the small and inadequate and the amenities provided were very basic - no cute bag to keep as a souvenir. The cabin crew were excellent and the food served much better than economy but again there is no comparison between it and say the food served in Qantas premium economy. Our flight back to Sydney was back in economy and I was very happy with the experience though the \"Hawaiian high tea\" served towards the end of the flight was just a roll and a biscuit. Flights on all the sectors I flew were on time and had very professional and helpful cabin crew."
"Flew Honolulu to Sydney in Economy. Got exit row seats row 33 with bulkhead in front. Plenty of leg room and no one in front putting their seat back. The only problem was that other people feel it is a through traffic area and use it to cross from one side of the plane to the other. I paid the $75 to have that space for me. I ended up no moving my legs and annoyed some people by doing so. The other thing is the flight attendant was going to move another passenger into the empty seat between myself and a travel friend as the other person was unhappy with her normal economy seat. I complained and reminded her that we had paid $75 for these seats and why should she get a free seat. There were empty rows of seats at the back of the plane that she could have moved her to. I got my way and she was not moved to the exit row seats. Food was good digeplayer was poor. Staff overall were ok. Did not show to much of an effect to make the trip enjoyable. But would fly with them again."
"Seattle to Honolulu return in economy. Enhanced meal service with new breakfast box containing bread with cream cheese guava jelly dried fruit and a macadamia nut cookie. Return dinner teriyaki chicken with salad and cake for dessert. All this food plus a free mai tai on the way out and wine with dinner on the return on a domestic USA flight and free to boot? Unheard of nowadays but thank you Hawaiian for still being the only US carrier to offer free food on flights. Cabin crew generally friendly and sharing the aloha spirit. Be nice to the crew and they will be nice back to you. Cant wait for them to bring the A330 to Seattle!"
"Maui-Oakland/SF-Honolulu First Class. As always an extremely good experience due to the friendly staff good food and comfortable seating. Puts the legacy carriers to shame. Maui-Oakland on an older 767 and SF- Honolulu on the new A330. Both aircraft's have their pluses and minuses. Seats on the 767 are actually more comfortable when upright while the entertainment on the 330 is far superior in choices. Meal service is the same and was excellent on both flighst. Staff friendly and welcoming in short everything a cabin crew should be but rarely is these days especially to and from Hawaii."
"LAX-HNL-SYD-HNL-JFK. A330-200 on every route. Staff and front desk very helpful. FA's very nice. On flights to mainland you have to pay for IFE. On LAX-HNL leg they served a turkey sandwich and a brownie. Chose to upgrade to the cheeseburger for $12.99. Not a lot of leg room onboard but the seat wasn't too bad. Boarding was slick and organized. On flight to Sydney you were served a meal after takeoff and a light snack before landing-not really enough for a 10 hour flight. You also had to pay for IFE on New York flight which is a long route with no IFE. I would definitely fly Hawaiian if I was going from mainland US to Hawaii and definitely a better experience then when I flew United to Hawaii."
"We flew on 2 July 2012 9.20pm flight from Sydney to Honolulu on A330. Plane was half hour late arriving into Sydney which made about 1 hour late departing. Staff food seats were great. We then flew from Honolulu to Big Island on 11 July and returned to Hon on 14 July and then departed Honolulu on 15 July back to Sydney. Good service and friendly staff. 15 July flight home at 12.45pm was again late yet was not Hawaiian's fault. Overall would fly with them again no problem. Food was lovely and plenty of it. Entertainment units were good and purchase of movies if required was easy."
"Flew on their new direct flight from Honolulu to New York (JFK) to celebrate the 4th of July. Very impressed with the speed of their boarding flight attendants were friendly and enough storage space. The seats of this Airbus were slightly wider than normal HAL planes so didn't feel like a packed sardine the seat itself slides forward as it reclines and there were folds on the headrest so you wouldn't end up on your neighbor's shoulder; it was quite comfortable to sit for the 10 hour haul. Free soda snack and meals (2) snacks for purchase alcoholic drinks for purchase premium meals for purchase. Surprised that you actually get 2 basic meals for free. Passed out free headsets and there were some video and audio for free but had to pay for others. Everyone has their own video monitor so very cool. USB input available. I kept falling asleep during the meal and drink service and they were very accommodating to bring it for me when I woke up. No regrets and will be returning in 6 months!"
"ITO-OGG-ITO Weekend inter-island flight. It was an uneventful flight. Service from check-in to inflight was amazing. Its the only way to fly."
"JFK-HNL roundtrip. The food on both flights were very good. There were drinks given throughout the flight and you were able to get a drink anytime throughout the flight. The FA's were nice and interacting with the passengers and were polite and were always cleaning the plane. The bathrooms were clean and FA's cleaned them frequently throughout the flight which is something you do not normally see. On the A330 there was plenty of legroom in the economy class. However the one drawback was when I was trying to confirm a seat on the plane the person on the phone was unhelpful and was unable to help my problem. On the flight you also had to pay for the in flight entertainment and they had a big selection of movies to choose from."
"LAX-HNL on the new A330-200 economy class. Boarding at LAX was chaotic and crowded although we were spared the worst of it because we got priority boarding with 2 babies. The flight left on time and arrived about 25 minutes early. There was no wait on the tarmac at HNL for a free gate. Inflight service was much better than average for U.S. carriers food was decent IFE was better than the competition and the cabin crew smiled more and was more attentive than average for U.S carriers."
"Recently flew HNL-SYD on the 330 aircraft brand new seat and legroom were adequate. Crew were thumbs up food and presentation were great. Kept us well fed/hydrated I was left impressed with the service provided by HA and will definitely fly them over Qantas who operates an older 767 with service no match to Hawaiian."
"Hawaiian is my preferred inter-island carrier. This was my first time using them on their Transpacific flight. I flew from Hilo to Las Vegas and was quite impressed. Flight crews on both flights were very warm and welcoming. Any requests were honored with a smile. Flights were smooth both ways. Check-in was a breeze in Hilo and Las Vegas. For meals I was offered a complimentary pasta dish with a piece of cake and a Turkey sandwich on the return. Flight attendants were visible throughout the flight and constant runs of drinks. Very Impressed."
"Sydney to Honolulu return over the Easter period. Both flights were full and both aircraft's older refurbished 767's. No AVOD but portable digi players were available for rent at US$15 credit card payment only. A330's will commence on this route soon. Both flights left and arrived on time although check-in at Sydney took 50 minutes because they're weren't enough check-in attendants. Meals on both flights were satisfactory and service was fine although flight attendants were hardly seen between the meal services. Would be happy to fly with them again."
"We flew to Honolulu from Sydney in Business Class and returned in Coach. We have a 8 month old son and my wife is vegetarian. On the Business Class leg there was no bassinet available even though promised and we could not be confirmed that any of the food would be vegetarian. As a result our son had to sleep on our laps for an 11 hour flight. Service was very friendly and they assisted us greatly to make it comfortable with pillows but we were trapped in seats for the entire flight. On the return leg seat allocations were not confirmed bassinet not available again and instead of being the front row of the main cabin we were stuck in the middle rows and had to ask passengers in front not to recline so as not to hit our sleeping son. The food was minimal and only 1 meal was vegetarian. Service and food were good but very minimal. There are higher quality ways to get to Hawaii from Australia."
"My preferred airline from Sydney to the USA via Honolulu. Generally on time ground staff are great and cabin crew always smiling. Frequent flyer membership has great offers for gold and platinum members. On all my trips baggage arrives quickly and food in both Economy and Business is good."
"We chose them because of the generous luggage allowances. We were late taking off due to a passenger needing to be removed the delay was handled well with minimum disturbance and the captain kept us all informed. Mid flight there was a medical emergency and that was also handled well. We were given preferred seating as my husband is very tall and we could not fault our seats and the added leg room was wonderful. The flight crew were friendly and attentive. The meal was okay. I wish they had in-seat entertainment. Although not the best flight ever certainly not the worst."
"Service was of high standard. Australia to Honolulu. Flight attendants very polite and courteous. My husband and I were most impressed. Food was alright and staff were quick and efficient. People with children were well looked after."
"LAS-HNL-LIH. This was a repeat of last years trip and some things have improved others have not. Ground handling at LAS is much better: the staff were there early enough to check-in bags in good time. The A330s are nice enough planes still looking fresh and clean. Seat back screens do not offer a great deal without payment but is better than nothing. The food offered is basic and not very much. Flight was on time. HNL-LIH was again on time for the very short hop. The planes used on inter-Island sectors are not impressive but they do the job. Return was straightforward. Flights on time no problems not the most comfortable but not too bad."
"Just came back from a one week vacation to Honolulu from LA. My trip from LA to HNL was pleasant. No major complaints only minor ones. We left 15 mins late but arrived on time to HNL. My dinner was a sandwich and the bread was mushy. Although the plane is equipped with personal touch screens on every seat there are very few complimentary options to enjoy. You have to pay for movies TV shows music selection and games. On our return from HNL to LA our flight left on time and arrived 15 mins early. Personnel were a lot less enjoyable lnot rude but did not make you feel welcome. There were two different meal options however by my turn they only had sandwiches left. Overall they got the job done and did not experience any major hiccup but at the end of the day we did pay a premium and so I expected more."
"HNL-LIH. I've flown this route a few times and generally find Hawaiian to be a bit over-rated and frequently delayed. This time there were no issues. Flight departed on time. Boarding was quick and efficient. B717 in great shape. Smooth ride. Nice crew. Value for money."
"Honolulu-Seattle return on B767. Baggage handling and boarding staff were lovely. I was in Economy class and the seats were comfortable I managed to sleep. Flight attendants were friendly and available in the aisles food choices were delicious safety instructions were polite and clear. Lavatories were clean inflight entertainment had plenty of choice."
"Sydney-Honolulu-Sydney. Pleased with the services both in the air and on the ground. The check-in staff at Sydney airport were pleasant and courteous. The meal after take-off from Sydney was ok. The outbound flight was an overnight one and an eye-shade was offered which was nice. The check-in staff were kind and helpful when checking-in for return flight at Honolulu airport. The home-bound inflight service was excellent cockpit crew for both flights were first-class. The cabin crew are sincere laid-back and easily approachable."
"HNL-LAS on an A330. New aircraft in excellent condition. Paid to upgrade to a Premium seat in bulkhead row 14 which had at least 48 inches of legroom. Great IVOD offerings but limited free selections. Meal was adequate and accompanied by great cabin service throughout the flight. I have avoided Hawaiian in the past while the numerous fees have only got worse with time this was all-in-all an unexpectedly good flight."
"First class from HNL-SMF. We have flown First Class several times before on this route but this flight was exceptional. The flight attendants went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of and checked on us regularly to make sure we had whatever we needed. Hawaiian has a real asset with this crew. On the flip side I do have complaints not related to the staff of Hawaiian. I am a Premier Club member and upon rejoining this year I found out that the benefits have changed. Members and a companion were allowed two pieces of checked luggage gratis. That has now changed to only the member getting that. We used to be able to ask for an exit row and that has also changed and now you pay $25. It's difficult justifying paying $249 a year for a rest in a room at the airport and some packaged snacks."
"SYD-HNL-SYD Economy. An older B767 but for a 3 star airline I thought service was pretty good. They looked after the kids with kids meals and were always offering free drinks and mid flight snacks. We also flew to Maui return from HNL and the service was the best I have experienced."
"Excellent service on LAX-HNL flight on new A330. The seat is a mistake but everything else top rate. The food service IFE. I hope they continue with their current meal service and don't adopt the mistake they've made on their international runs by changing it!"
"We were supposed to leave at 3PM but due to aircraft problems we ended up taking off at 2am the next day to begin our trip home to San Diego. The flight attendants were wonderful and very supportive. Hawaiian airlines gave us a free shuttle to a local mall while we were at the airport. We got free movie tickets and a $200 voucher and gave us good snacks etc. We also got a discount on our next purchase."
"LAX-HNL-LAX. Check-in in LAX was good. New A330 service in F class to HNL was good. Seats are not flat. Return to LAX with aged B767. Check-in staff in HNL rude and charged me $50 extra for an overweight bag by 3lbs even I'm a 1st class pax. My overweight bag was lost upon arrival in LAX which was returned to me almost a week later. The delivery man was lost so I met him 20 miles from my residence. If HA wants to be a world class airline they should take some lessons leading airlines in Asia and Middle East."
"Honolulu-Manila Business Class. Very disappointed to note that Hawaiian Airlines new upgraded inflight service is a real downgrade. They've ditched the tapas style menu for a slow food service. In addition they are no longer catered by Chef Gannon and for the first time in years I was served bad food on Hawaiian Airlines. The flight attendants were wonderful but clearly embarrassed by the downgrade. In addition the new printed menus are tacky. Also time to retire the 767. Just not up to standard for a 10 hour plus flight!"
"HNL-LAS-HNL on new A330. Hawaiian is probably the best of the US carriers. Both flights full but service was good with frequent water runs - although the complimentary food was awful served in a cardboard box!"
"LAX-HNL-SYD-HNL-LAX.Flew from the US to Australia on Hawaiian in first/business on a discounted fare. Seat comfort is significantly better than US legacy carriers domestic first class but well short of modern international business class standards but comfortable enough for the long flights - an old style business class product. Service and food exceptional. The cabin staff go the extra mile in attentiveness up front and the tapas style menus were creative and tasty. IFE is good not great. Lounges in LAX and HNL are dreadful but HA business class passengers can access the Air New Zealand lounge in SYD which is exceptional."
"SYD-HNL-SEA and back via HNL to SYD. Whilst I agree with some of the comments re the indifference of cabin staff (I had to ask for water after 2 hours on the ground owing to a mechanical problem) I will continue to fly Hawaiian because baggage allowance is the best in the air and I have always found check-in staff helpful. Two seats outside the aisles are the best way for a couple to fly no need to constantly wake a stranger to use the facilities or stretch my legs food is to my taste good safety record."
"HNL-SYD on B767-300ER. I bought a discount Economy ticket but was able to upgrade at the gate to Business Class for $400. It was well worth it. HA Business Class seat is an old style business class seat not a reclining flat bed. Nevertheless with the spacious pitch and large foot rest it was comfortable for dozing. IFE is a portable media player which was fine since no one was seated next to me. It wasn't stable there. The movie selection was not first run but it was adequate for a ten hour flight. There was no power outlet in the seat for my laptop. The food and service were excellent. The meal was a selection of three dishes from an assortment and were delicious. The wine selection was ok but the mixed drinks were fun as you would expect in Hawaii. Most importantly the service was exceptional friendly and helpful"
"Since Hawaiian Airlines began charging a fee for checked bags the volume of carry-on luggage has become quite unreasonable. Last month ny husband and I traveled first class from Portland to Honolulu and back. As first class passengers and because my husband uses a wheelchair we boarded first. When the coach passengers began to board my husband and I were literally smacked in the head and shoulders with carry-on luggage - large tote bags overloaded backpacks and even a child safety seat. We had to lean into the space between the seats in order to avoid injury. When I got home I contacted Hawaiian Airlines \"customer advocacy\" program because I wanted to report my experience. A very bored representative took my report and told me someone would get back to me. Three weeks later I had not heard a word from the company. I called again. This time a super-rude rep with minimal language skills told me they had no record of my prior call. When I began again to explain about being smacked in the head and shoulders by carry-on luggage she said 'Well I sorry you have inconvenience\". Now that Alaska Airlines is flying non-stop from Portland to Honolulu I will never fly Hawaiian Airlines again."
"SFO-HNL-SFO in first class. I have to say their service should be a standard for all US based airlines. Outstanding customer service and food was amazing."
"Sydney to Honolulu return. Check-in at Sydney was good and flight on time. The staff SYD-HNL may as well not have been there. One female attendant was extremely unfriendly and really did not want to be there. Food was mediocre at best but it was an overnight flight so not so bad I guess as most of the time was spent sleeping! Honolulu to Sydney was the opposite. The staff went out of their way to oblige in all requests. Service with a smile and there was plenty of it. Drinks frequent meals were ok and flight went smoothly. It is an older style plane and not the most comfortable but I was prepared for all the little negatives."
"Helpful check-in people brilliant crew. Nice cabin clean fresh aircraft. Best economy airline in USA by a long way."
"LAS-HNL-LIH. Midnight madness flight out of Las Vegas at 1.40pm. We could not drop our bags until after midnight as they opened late had only two or three staff on hand and they were dealing with would be stand-bys leaving ticketed passengers to stand and wait and wait. Finally got onboard and got off. The new A330s are good planes. Seat back screens in all classes clean and as comfortable as economy gets. Arrived in Honolulu early morning and transferred over to the inter-island section. small plane arrived on time the flight over to Kaua'i was a mere 20 minutes but was so rough no beverage service was attempted. Not a problem. On the way back it was all pretty smooth. The meals/snacks on the long flights are small but very welcome. There were many drink rounds and the staff did appear to genuinely care about the customers. If only they could sort out staffing on the mainland!"
"Sydney to Honolulu and purchased internal flights to Kahului and Hilo. SYD-HNL was good considering the price paid if you compare to other airlines offering the same route. The staff were friendly and attentive. The inter-island flights departed on time and the service was again enjoyable- and loved the views of the Hawaiian Islands."
"LAX-HNL-ITO return economy and first. LAX-HNL segment on an old but immaculate 767-300. Bulkhead row with plenty of legroom and enough room to change a nappy (diaper) on the floor. Hawaiian Airlines is the only US airline to offer complimentary food in all classes on domestic flights - food was quite tasty. The inflight entertainment was average - for $15 you can rent a cumbersome hand-held unit with 12-15 movies 12-15 TV programmes music videos and audio tracks. The $15 is pretty steep but it's better than standard IFE on other US airlines. HNL-ITO and ITO-HNL on B717-200s which have assigned seats and first class cabin. Service very good and beverages ae offered on the 40 minute flights. HNL-LAX segment with the new A330-200. We upgraded to first class for $300 per seat - recliner seats have adjustable legrests and footrests and recline to about 130 degrees. The controls are non-electronic and the legrests are a bit difficult to push back in place. Food service very good. Hawaiian's first class is very good value for flights to the USA but does not compete with Korean Qantas Delta or the Asian airlines on flights to the Pacific Rim. Service on all flights is cordial and friendly and FA's are more professional and customer-friendly than other US airlines."
"Sydney to Oahu Oahu to Las Vegas return. The crew were great. When we landed back in Hawaii from Vegas another passenger accidentally took my friends cabin bag. Within half an hour the crew had located the passenger (he was well on his way home along the freeway apparently.) The luggage was returned intact."
"Honolulu-Hilo-Honolulu on the same day. Low price flights on time good Boeing 717. Soft drink served on 40mins flight."
"I think this is one of the few airlines that still serves meals at no charge when flying from the mainland. Flight attendants were accomodating and helpful. No problems at all with check in flight left on time and we were as comfortable as one can be in economy class for a long flight."
"LAX-HNL-KOA return First Class. LAX Premier Club Lounge very small and basic with limited food and drink options. Transpacific flights on new A330 but old style reclining seats with a footrests a big let-down. IFE screen and choices very good. Catering quite tasty for domestic first class though quality was much higher out of LAX than HNL. Flight attendants professional and attentive. Inter-island first class is not value unless you're on a through fare. HNL airport is in serious need of a make-over - old poorly run counter-intuitive muted staff and barebones lounges. For a US carrier HA is not a bad operation but not all that special in any way either."
"LAX-HNL roundtrip First class on new A330. Good seat and legroom though expected more recline for newer plane that they plan to use for future international routes. Service was great! Meal was good (get to pick 3 of 5 choices on menu). IFE great enjoyed the selection of movies and programming. Flew coach back on new A330 and pretty impressed - more legroom and slightly better recline than older Hawaiian 767s. Have to pay for movies/videos on IFE in coach though. One of the few domestic airlines that still serve complimentary meals in coach."
"Las Vegas to Honolulu good on time flight coach seating adequate best seats for legroom are 26AC or 26HJ on Boeing 767 aircraft. First Class seating looked good but not worth paying anything over $250 for upgrades on US Mainland to Hawaii flights would obviously be happy to pay more for longer distance flights. Good choice of meal you can have a free meal or choose to pay for an upgraded meal which I did and was a good move free coffees and soft drinks. Very friendly and smiling cabin crew great start to Hawaiian trip."
"Honolulu to Las Vegas. Very helpful guy at Honolulu airport got us through the boarding process fast this seemed to set the standard on our flight everything went well. I have flown on a number of American airlines any this flight was as good as I have had to date. The food is typical USA airline style but far from the worst I have had. Only one complaint this was the coldest flight I have ever been on in over 35 years of flying it is the first time I have ever found it necessary to wrap myself in an airline blanket 90% of the passengers were similarly wrapped in blankets. My wife asked why the plane was so cold but none of the crew seemed to know."
"First Class LAX to HNL-LIH. First class was mediocre. The first class cabin was quite crowded seats weren't that large. Nothing was electric on the seat an older manual style. The entertainment consisted of small video units passed out to each passenger -entertainment choice was terrible. The food was ok drinks were fine. The staff was exceptionally nice and the cabin was clean. It was all quite mundane and functional."
"SYD-HNL-SYD on B767-300. Very pleasant flight with good service entertainment and food. Comfortable seats with very good leg room. Cabin crew polite and friendly. Cabin kept clean. Plenty of water offered during flight."
"Verified Review | New York to San Francisco in Mint Class. Quick and easy check in at New York JFK, on time boarding and departure. The 'mini suite' seats in Mint class are fantastic. Spacious, comfortable and private. Great entertainment options, free fast wifi, decent food and very good drinks. Excellent cabin crew, friendly and attentive. Flight arrived on time. Sadly my luggage didn't make it, but the ground staff were very helpful and sympathetic. In the end I had to travel to the airport the next day to pick up my bag, which put a damper on an otherwise excellent and great value flight. If my bag had arrived on time i would give them 10/10"
"Verified Review | This is my first experience with Jetblue and I have to say I am pleasantly surprised. Me and my family flew from New York to San Diego and then back a week later. Everything from check in to boarding was smooth and on time. We enjoyed the pleasant staff, the extra leg room, the unlimited snacks and soft drinks, also had alcoholic beverages both ways and never got charged for any. We enjoyed the Direct TV on each seat and the endless list of movies. We checked in a car seat for our son on way abck and we received it wrapped at JFK at no charge. The flight attendant on the return flight remembered us from the inbound flight a week prior, which I thought was pretty cool. Overall a great experience! The only downside for me was the comfort of the seats, I found them a little uncomfortable."
"Verified Review | Ft. Lauderdale to Nassau. I normally find their staff to be pretty friendly and accommodating for the most part, but today was very special. Today we thought we'd try our luck and ask to switch to an earlier flight home and got to the airport about an hour before the next available flight and explained our situation to the attendant. No hesitation whatsoever. Things unfortunately got a little complicated when there was a glitch in their system, but staff remained patient and friendly and even called the gate to make sure it remained open for us. They didn't even charge for the ticket change. To top this off, when we arrived at the gate, the flight attendant who recognized us from our previous flight came up to say hello. He asked us what seats we had and after realizing we were way in the back, he immediately changed our seats to the \"Even More Leg-Room\" seats without us even asking for it. No charge either! He even invited us to board first. I appreciate these gestures that the JetBlue staff have done for me and my dad in this rather difficult time for us. This review is meant to be a sort of thank you to the amazing staff. I look forward to flying with JetBlue again, as always."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Las Vegas. Despite the flight leaving an hour late, I still managed to have a pleasant flight. Crew were great, and I was also surprised that there was complementary wifi onboard. Not many carriers that I've traveled on offer this amenity free! If I have an option to travel within the USA, I would choose JetBlue Airways."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Syracuse. I have flown Jet Blue on and off since it first came into existence. Over the last 10 years my trips have primarily been to destinations that Jet Blue doesn't cover, but a flight to Syracuse took me back into their flight paths. I was very pleased on my outbound flight to find them just the same and more legroom than I get on international flights. But what made this trip better is that I needed a change in my (non-changeable) flight due to a family emergency and was pretty distraught on the phone. The person assisting me was professional and comforting and took care of getting me on the best flight to get me home, and made a hard trip far far easier. My typical flights are still outside the Jet Blue coverage areas, so I can't fly them as often as I would like after this experience: hoping this review makes up for that. Thank you for your kindness at a difficult time."
"Verified Review | Boston to Cleveland. Jetblue surprises me as a low-cost airline. The staffs were professional and courteous. I ordered two little bottles of white wine, and normally they would charge for it, but the attendant on my flight just said to me: \"don't worry about the payment, enjoy your wine first, I will come back later\", and he never came back to charge me! And I don't think anyone was charged for his drinks. On top of that, eveyone has a screen in front him/her to watch DirectTV, or if the flight is more than two hours, free movies! The Wifi on the flight was also free if you are a member of Jetblue\"s frequent flyer program. I would definitely keep Jetblue in mind when flying US domestic flights in the future."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale return. I would like to thank JetBlue for making our travel a little bit easier our flight was delayed for hours and we had three children first time flying for them. They let my children go into the cockpit and look around this was awesome for them. We had a nice flight, when we departed from Fort Lauderdale we got held up in security due to my youngest daughter leaving a tablet in her bag that I forgot to take out - a representative from jetblue came and took my husband and three children to the gate to board and came back got my bag and rushed me to the gate. Thank you jetblue for making sure my family came home together."
"Verified Review | Had a stopover in Boston, coming from Lisbon to Washington DC. Stopover was originally 5 hours, but bad weather ended up making it 7. A lot of the flights were getting cancelled to Washington, so lots of people were trying to get standby on mine. I ended up hanging out in the corner near the gate's counter for about 5 hours, watching the Jetblue employees work. They seemed to be very friendly and accommodating with the flyers and I imagine it was very stressful. After sitting in the corner for 5 hours, one of the Jetblue employees asked to see my ticket and put me in a much better, premium seat and allowed me to board first because he felt bad I had spent so many hours at the gate. The flight and crew was also great. I've flown Jetblue only a few times, but have yet to experience an unpleasant experience."
"Verified Review | Boston to Philadelphia. The airport staff that helped me with booking of my flight was helpful. I requested an earlier flight instead of the stated flight time that was given to me in Lisbon, and the staff did everything to get me on board with the earlier time. I would give 5 star for this service."
"Verified Review | I always fly JetBlue - every time there is always exceptional service provided. From Santo Domingo to New York JFK, the flight attendant onboard was super friendly and helpful, and made this flight very pleasant and enjoyable. Thank you Jetblue for always providing such outstanding service. Will continue to fly with this airline."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to New York. Today was my 10th flight with JetBlue. Boarding was fast and efficient, 30 minutes after takeoff water bottles were handed out, orders taken for soft drinks and snacks handed out later on. The leg room was very good for this 5.5 hour leg. I purchased a cheese and cracker box for $9 which was amazing as well as a few drinks. An hour before landing crew members passed by with water bottles again. The downside on the A321 is that the remote on the seat is in the middle of the armrest and I kept on accidentally hitting the volume, I had to fiddle a little with the head phone jack. Wi-Fi worked perfectly throughout the flight and it was free. All the flight attendants were more than friendly."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Hartford. Check-in was efficient and orderly. We flew with a all-male crew. The announcer was amusing, informative, and entertaining It was a pleasant change. Service was great and made it a lot easier to deal with the hollering toddler. Good job JetBlue."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles. This morning's flight was my ninth with JetBlue. Service was superb. Water bottles plus drink and snack service were given out about half hour after takeoff, a couple of trash runs made and if you needed to get anything the little fridge in between Mint and Even More Space with snacks as well as the back galley, towels were given out during initial descent. I bought a chicken sandwich since I was starving and it wasn't bad. I love the fact that I'm Even More Space you get so much room to stretch your legs out. The airline offered many free movies on demand as well as directTV. Looking forward to my flight back to NYC on Monday."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to San Jose (Costa Rica). Boarding process was very relaxed despite the fact the the flight was full. We paid the upgrade to \"even more space\". The comfort and space were unparalleled. Wifi on board, Live TV. Staff willing to help. Everything was on time. Right before taking off we were notified that there was a problem with one of the slides. They attempted to repair it while we were on board and were unable to do so. They apologized and had to request that we get off the airplane while they tried to work on it. The captain remained at the gate updating passengers as he received information. They managed to fix everything within 30 minutes. All in all, we were delayed by 2 hours. But we understand that it happens. The airline did what it needed to do: fix the problem and make sure the passengers were safe, informed and reassured. The flight was flawless, service was great. Attendants were professional, kind and taking care of passengers. In 24 hours I received an email with an airline credit and apologies for the delay. On our way back, we sat in regular economy seats. Leg room was ample. Service was amazing. Couldn't ask for more."
"Verified Review | First time flying with Jetblue from Detroit to Ft Lauderdale and I'm writing this review while I'm in the air because the wifi is free. Incredible service from staff and I fly frequently (delta, spirit, etc). The captain introduced himself before we flew and made sure to welcome us at the gate. I'm in an incredibly nervous flyer and when we hit turbulence the captain made sure not only to switch the seatbelt sign on and he took the time to reassure the passengers. He made me feel so much safer. The seats had plenty of room and the staff were excellent. Definitely will be flying Jetblue again."
"Verified Review | This was the first time I have flown Jetblue flying from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, but it will not be the last. I was impressed from beginning to end. The check in staff were helpful and friendly. My flight attendants were excellent. The departures and arrivals both ways were flawless. The on-board amenities are bar none. In this day an age, excellent customer service is hard to find."
"Verified Review | Flew home last night flight from Las Vegas to New York JFK, flight 1248. Wanted to give credit where credit is due! This was the first flight I have flown where the captain came over the PA and made an announcement assuring us about the turbulence, how uncomfortable it can be for us but to be reassured the aircraft can handle these type of situations and not to worry. I felt he did everything he can possibly do to try and avoid the constant turbulence to make for a peaceful flight. Will make sure to make JetBlue as my first flight choice in the future."
"Verified Review | The only criteria to book my connecting flight from Boston to JFK on this airline was the very convenient departure time. I had not flown on this airline before nor did I have any idea what I was going to expect. From entering the Terminal C in Boston until leaving the dedicated Terminal in JFK it was a unique and breathtaking experience. When I approached the self-check-in kiosks at Logan a smartly dressed employee came up to me and assisted me through the entire process. The whole check-in area had more the appearance of an After-work-lounge than an airport facility. Everything looked so classy, like out of some Hollywood movie. There were no lines at security and I was through in a breeze. Doors were closed on time. The seats on the small Embraer jet were comfortable, even for me as a tall guy. I took advantage of the live television broadcast on the individual screens and caught up with the latest political and weather news. There was a 30-minute-departure delay out of Boston but we reached the gate at JFK right on time. In-between the young and enthusiastic crew served softdrinks and snacks of high quality. Jet Blue is without any doubt the best American domestic carrier I have ever flown on."
"Verified Review | Austin to New York JFK. This is my 8th flight on jetBlue and service has always been impeccable. Crew are pretty friendly. On this flight there were two movies available for free , Wi-Fi, drinks and snacks were complimentary too and served about 45 mins after takeoff for our 3.5 hour flight back to New York. I flew with my partner as usual on a buddy pass and this time we were given one row each on Even More Space but opted to sit together, flight was almost full. The best thing about flying on the Embraer 190 is that it's one row of 2 seats on each side of the aircraft so if you're a couple like us there's no one sitting on either side. Thanks again for great service."
"Verified Review | Rochester to Albuquerque. My father flew alone with the assistance of the wonderful crew of Jet Blue. My father has Vascular Dementia and with the assistance from the employee he made it safe from New York to New Mexico. I cannot say how thankful I am to the flight crew staff at Jet Blue for getting my dad home safely and accommodations they made to make him comfortable with his medical condition."
"Verified Review | West Palm Beach to New York JFK with Jetblue Airways. Brand new plane, very nice entertainment, wifi is excellent - I can chat with my friends while in the air. But my concern was the food which was not that great. Staff are excellent and friendly, but they need to offer good snacks. The interior of the plane is clean."
"Verified Review | Flew from Orlando to New York-JFK with Jetblue Airways. A brand new A321 was awaiting me at the gate. Aircraft was in great shape and the interiors were excellent. Professional service at MCO with a smooth and on-time check-in. A great variety of snacks and drinks are complimentary, which is something not seen in other domestic US carriers. Another aspect of JetBlue which made the journey comfortable was the complimentary Wi-Fi. Great service onboard and the journey seemed shorter than it usually feels due to the great facilities onboard. JetBlue is surely my choice of travel for all domestic journeys in the USA due to its modern fleet and great service."
"Verified Review | West Palm Beach to Westchester. I love Jetblue, however staff never follow their own rules regarding carry on baggage? 2 bags - a carry on and 1 personal item. One bag in the overhead space. If they actually enforced this, there would be room for everyone. I sit and watch people get on the plane with 3, sometimes 4 bags and I watch them put everything in the overhead bins. Then, people that pay just as much as everyone else, but board later, have to check their bags. This is so frustrating. Enforce the rules Jetblue - it's not that difficult."
"Verified Review | Chicago to New York JFK. I first flew Jetblue in 2008/09. I was sceptical then to give a review as I thought let me give it some time, see if they are consistent. I love JetBlue because they are punctual, and the seats are the most comfortable of any airline I've flown, there is heaps of leg room in economy class. There is a screen in the back of the seat directly in front of me and I can watch whatever I choose to. In all a very comfortable, pleasant airline to fly with. I choose Jetblue over all others. Thank you for your service!"
"Verified Review | San Juan to New York JFK. This is has been my fourth flight with JetBlue using a buddy pass with my partner and service has been awesome. Flight time was slightly under four hours back to JFK. Checkin at San Juan was a breeze since we had nothing but backpacks so we just printed the tickets on a machine and after arriving at the gate were informed our flight was gonna be delayed which wasn't a big deal. Afterwards we were called and assigned seats on Even More Space right behind L2. Flight attendants were extremely courteous and offered me a free snack box which was absolutely delicious. Afterwards drinks and snacks were served and we had a pretty smooth ride back home. I love the fact that each time I have flown with JetBlue everyone seems so upbeat from the ground crew to the flight crew. Looking forward to our next flight in a month or so."
"Verified Review | Hartford to Orlando. I recently flew this 2 hour 30 minute flight with a friend. Shortly after take-off I noticed my TV was not working. I quickly notified a flight attendant who was very nice and accommodating, and offering to switch my seat or offer me a credit towards next flight. Flying with a friend I opted out of changing my seat. Everyone was very nice and I love flying with Jetblue as I do often. However I was a little disappointed that I could not just sit back, watch a movie and enjoy the flight."
"Verified Review | Boston to Orlando. I highly recommend JetBlue Airways. The aircraft was clean and spacious, and the flight crew was attentive and helpful. I really appreciated that there was free WiFi and over 30 television networks available for free. I have taken a few other flights with different airlines in the last year, and JetBlue was the only one that I've experienced that included those aspects free of charge. The seating was also more comfortable."
"Verified Review | Orlando to new York. We would like to thank Jamila from JetBlue Airways for her outstanding customer service. Our flight from Orlando to Boston got cancelled and thus we got stuck in Orlando with our young daughter. She made every effort possible to accommodate us and to get our family home. Bravo! What an employee devoted to customer service you have."
"Verified Review | Flew Jetblue Airways from LaGuardia to Ft Lauderdale. On time. Very efficient. Good inflight service. Highly recommend. Very pleased with the whole experience. I'm on the flight now and felt compelled to write since I was so satisfied. It seems JetBlue thinks about all their processes and ways to be most efficient and customer-service oriented. For example, they take your drink order and bring the drinks instead of blocking the whole aisle with a drink cart. Smart."
"Fort Lauderdale to New Orleans with Jetblue. The attendants are always helpful at the front kiosks. Very attentive and helping quickly. At the terminal they have tables with plenty of outlets and charging stations for phones. On board the flight attendants are nice but the selection of food / drinks is limited. The onboard wifi only works when flying near or over land so that didn't work 100% of the flight but the TV worked the entire flight. Checked baggage reached the carousel quickly. Overall Jetblue delivers everything you need with some added luxuries."
"Orlando to Boston with JetBlue. Our flight was extremely pleasant. Our flight attendant was amazing and made sure we comfortable our entire flight. I have flown with JetBlue several times and I have always had a great experience. Highly recommend others."
"Verified Review | Jetblue is a great example of \"cheap and cheerful\". OK, it was really a short round trip between Boston and New York (40 to 45 minutes each way), but from experience, this does not mean unpleasant surprises can't happen. The flight out was a new route to LaGuardia so the passengers even got a free morning snack (bagel with some jam). Unlike most airlines, Jetblue did not threaten people forcing them to surrender their cabin baggage, but instead asked for a specific number of volunteers. Our flight back was at 11pm, but we arrived earlier, and it turns out that Jetblue can try to put you on an earlier flight for free (if it's just one flight earlier). They managed to fit us on a flight one hour earlier. Both flights were on time despite going between very busy airports, and since the allotted time takes into consideration possible delays, we arrived earlier than scheduled in both times. The best part is how organized Jetblue flights are. From a boarding procedure that, like in APAC, fills the back rows first so that long queues don't get stuck behind, to the way they distribute drinks (ask first, then only bring what's needed instead of pushing the trolley for half an hour)."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Jose Costa Rica to Orlando. Jetblue's A320 has the most comfortable seating in economy that I have been in and at 6' 4\" and 300 pounds that is a very positive thing. Unfortunately, that is about the only positive. Fares were reasonable but the absurd $55 for two bags and $20 for one is a pure ripoff. They provided nothing except soft drinks/juice on the flight, the snacks were tiny and even the overpriced food they were pushing looked like something out of a nightmare. It seems to me that with fuel prices half what they were a couple of years ago, completely booked flights and charging for every amenity they could be a bit more generous. In contrast, an Avianca flight from Panama City, Panama to San Jose earlier in the day had a perfectly acceptable breakfast snack with quality products and no baggage fees. Outdone by a Colombian airline."
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Fort Lauderdale. All-around great experience with Jetblue Airways! At the airport, the ground crew were excellent. Booked a 'Need more Space' seat. It was comfortable and spacious (row 1). Flight crew was amazing and the luggage came off quickly. Plane was not new, but relatively clean. All TVs functioned well. Free 'Flyfi' was a great bonus! My only complaint might be that the tray table, which came up out of the arm and was hinged in the middle, was bent so it was difficult to put a beverage on and remain confident that it would not end up in my lap. All in all, two thumbs up!"
"Boston to Las Vegas with Jetblue. It had been sometime since I'd taken a US domestic flight so was unsure what to expect at check-in. However, it was easy and quick which made the early morning flight a breeze. Boarding (row by row) however, became a little complicated as the announcer didn't speak clearly. It was a 5 hour flight and although you have to pay for refreshments (no cash accepted) they provided 2 complimentary (soft and hot) drinks and snack service. Arrived early into LAS and baggage collection was prompt. Will use again."
"New York JFK to Orlando with Jetblue. Ever since I moved to Florida I have been taking a lot of trips back and forth to New York. I am always shopping around to save. I have tried other airlines and in the end Jetblue always turns out to be a better experience. The planes are roomy, there is a TV for everyone and you end up saving more than with other airlines. Other airlines try to get you with a cheaper ticket and then over charge you for carry-on. With Jetblue your carry on is free and checked baggage fees are not too high. They always offer you a drink and a snack for your trip. I love to fly Jetblue."
"Newark to Boston. Being a first time flyer on jetBlue, the trip was excellent. Amazing service from crew, very polite and welcoming. They walk you through each step from check in and to boarding. My flight only lasted around fifty minutes and the seat and entertainment system kept me happy. There are over 75 different live TV channels to choose from. As a bonus that comes with the system is a flight map and Sirus XM radio! I will definitely recommend jetBlue to anyone!"
"Verified Review | You get what you pay for with Jetblue. Simple formula that works very well. Flew from Orlando to Salt Lake City. Perhaps the age of the plane varies, thus the seat designs change, but overall its a predictable formula which I very much appreciate in the US. This was a 4.5 hour flight, so quite long. We paid for extra legroom, which to me makes all the difference. Was worth it. I didnt eat throughout the flight, but got plenty of water and was on the wifi the whole time which worked very well. For short-haul flights, JetBlue is the way to go."
"Normally flying out of Boston-Logan we fly JetBlue a lot. The service is great, and food is good for a short flight. Flight entertainment is excellent, with Direct TV and SiriusXM. Flight has aways been on time. Very quick check-in. Seats are excellent for short flights, and extra-legroom is worth it. They also have a lot of international partners so it is easy for connections, especially at Boston-Logan since Terminal C is only a few minuets from Terminal E."
"I just want to give a shout out for the excellent service I received from Jetblue staff. I loved flying with your company. We flew to the Dominican Republic to do some humanitarian work and we traveled with a lot of equipment. Jetblue staff notified us that there was no charge for the luggage carrying dental supplies for our trip. This was wonderful! I was very impressed with everything about Jetblue. This was my first time flying JetBlue and I traveled with my immediate family members plus one niece and one set of grandparents. Our group was eight in total. We loved the snacks, the fact that we got our own television for each person and the extra leg room. One of our flights left in the middle of the night and the snooze pack was the best! I would love to see flights out of Boise, Idaho."
"Verified Review | I have previously written a less than kind review about Spirit Airlines. Because of a previous unpleasant trip with Spirit I decided to try Jetblue Airways on a recent trip. I can not say enough good things about the company and its employees. First, I had to cancel an earlier flight with them due to a sudden illness of my wife. They were very accommodating and gave me a credit that was good for a year. I finally was able to take that trip in the last couple of weeks. We flew roundtrip from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. Both directions were absolutely on time. The seats were comfortable and the crew was fantastic. Thanks Jetblue for a great trip."
"Flew San Francisco to New York JFK. Jetblue mint class surpasses any international business class I have flown. Amazing comfort, great entertainment, great food along with warm and efficient service. This is my third Mint experience and I am hooked. Free wi-fi, live Direct TV, tapas style food, lay flat seats with duvets make this a world class experience."
"New York JFK to Orlando. This was my first time traveling with JetBlue. The service was excellent and the staff was very professional. They were very polite and kind. My only concern was the TSA staff in JetBlue premises who were rude and sarcastic to my family which made them very upset. It was a very unpleasant experience to start our vacation."
"Fort Lauderdale to Nassau with Jetblue. JetBlue never fail to disappoint with their amazing service on the ground and in the air - especially with all of their inflight \"amenities\", such as TV's at every seat and free snacks and drinks. Being such as quick flight they offered their express service which consisted of a bottled water and choice of cookies, blue chips, or pretzels. Since JetBlue isn't that expensive, I would opt out to fly them at anytime. My only hope would be that they connect between more places on the west coast, but understandable since they are an east coast airline. Other than that, JetBlue tops my list"
"Orlando to San Juan with Jetblue. I was pleasantly surprised with the value. Low price, free snacks and drinks, WiFi, free Premium movies, Direct Tv, Sirius radio, spacious and comfortable seats, staff was friendly - I loved it. Will definitely fly with Jetblue again."
"I was traveling from New York to Bridgetown, Barbados and I enjoyed my four hour flight on JetBlue Airways. My only complaint was I just wish there was more legroom, as a tall person it was a little tight and having my legs go numb wasn't so great. The flight attendants were extremely friendly mixed with a little humor, and there were unlimited snacks. I would definitely fly with JetBlue again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to New York JFK. More legroom and free Wi-Fi, plus power outlets for every seat. JetBlue's standard legroom is what you get if you upgrade to premium economy on other airlines. Virgin America is close, but tends to be more expensive. Each seat has excellent on-screen entertainment. The food choices are good and reasonable, with unlimited free brand-name snacks. And they fly nonstop from BUR to JFK!"
"My flight from Albuquerque to New York JFK was delayed due to weather issues but I didn't mind as safety is first - ground services were nice. I was Verified Review | surprised with the legroom space that was awesome. Flight crew were nice, helpful and polite. Snacks were okay, nothing special. I have to mention cheap fares and really nice service. I was happy with trip."
"West Palm Beach to Newark. When I realized that I left my laptop on the plane I was already shopping for a new one. Low and behold it was delivered to lost and found in baggage claim. God bless the person cleaning the plane that returned it. Other reasons I will always fly JetBlue, they are friendly at the airport and on the plane. Free wifi and they even make sure that you are able to access -so nice to the kids. Free drinks and snacks, and if your -kid needs two bags of chips, no problem. Upgrades when they can. I had told the woman at the ticket counter that me and my kids were in the last row going to Florida. She took my tickets and told me to check back in an hour with her. When I came back she remembered my name and had already printed the new tickets for Seat 1A 1B and 1C. Need I say more. Jetblue is all about customer service."
"I recently flew standby on JetBlue from Fort Myers, Florida to Boston, then from Boston to Chicago. I was originally going to fly to New York and then to Chicago, but when I arrived at the airport my chances of making it to New York on standby were slim. Jetblue realised this problem, and put me on the earlier flight to Boston instead, which had more seats. The flight to Chicago from Boston was 30 minutes after we arrived, so they placed me in the first row so I would not have any troubles or delays getting off the plane to make it to my next flight. The Jetblue staff was extremely understanding, compassionate, and an overall great employee! Thank you JetBlue for your excellent customer service and always going the extra mile!"
"It was a short flight from Greater Rochester to New York JFK, only an hour, due to depart at 5:45 a.m., lifted off at 6. Flight attendants were great, and the pilot/copilot did a great job also. I appreciated their decision to deice just before takeoff. It was raining, but had been a wintry mix overnight, and it probably would have been fine without the deicing, but it just made me feel better. Good job, JetBlue, you are my go to airline."
"Flew Jetblue from Des Moines to Chicago O'Hare. We were on time, but due to the size of the aircraft and how small it was for an hour long flight, the queuing took a great deal of time and also due to the size, I could not see the safety demonstration. Seats were far more cramped than other aircrafts. I do not believe there was any inflight entertainment or wifi included."
"I flew with JetBlue from Boston to Detroit last week as a connecting flight from Dublin Ireland. The aircraft was larger than the usual E190 flown to Detroit which was a bonus on this occasion. The staff were friendly and full of energy on the ground and in the aircraft. They also gave me a more room seat which usually costs extra for free which was great. The snacks and drinks were free too. The seats were comfortable, wifi is free and worked perfectly and there is also free TV. I have flown with JetBlue before and they have always been great to fly with."
"I often fly JetBlue airways. Having switched from American Airlines to JetBlue has been a great experience. Considering it is more so a budget type of airline the service is quite on par to their prices. The customer service is courteous and friendly. The airline has started to outfit their planes with new seats and better inflight entertainment screens. The food service amounts to chips and cookies, but again, it's a budget airline so they serve food accordingly. Recently they have started to charge for baggage but if you book online they do offer a better rate than most other airlines that charge. Furthermore, you can see some of the improvements (as previously mentioned, newer seats and better inflight entertainment screens). Overall JetBlue has provided great service and the customer service reps and cabin crew tend to be quite friendly and courteous."
"This is my first time flying JetBlue round-trip, and I am pleasantly surprised! It's easy to see the difference between this and other domestic airlines. The additional space in regular economy made more than a difference than I thought. The flight crew was courteous and helpful and complimentary snack selection is better than other domestic airlines. I liked that the flight attendants didn't walk up down the aisle with carts - it allows them to get through so much faster and doesn't trap people in the aisle when they're trying to go to the restroom. I had never thought that doing away with the carts would be such a good idea, but now I do!"
"This was my first time flying Jetblue Airways. I have been flying many others such as United, Delta etc but I have to say that my experience with Jetblue was so much better than other domestic airlines. Their seats were much more comfortable, leg space in economy class more than in another airlines. I wasnt forced to check my carry on luggage as I usually am with United. Flight departed and arrived on time. In plane they have much wider choice of snacks plus you can ask for as many packages as you wish, same with sodas. All seats had small screens and I was able to watch TV channels for free. They had about 37 complimentary channels, basic news channels, comedy etc. The reason why i chose to try this airline was beacuse they had the lowest price for my selected travel dates and after this great experience I would fly with them again."
"I had a positive experience with this airline. I flew United Airlines down to Florida and I took Jetblue on the way back up. As soon as I boarded Jetblue, I noticed many differences from United and other legacy U.S. carriers. Jetblue has much more legroom, the seats are more comfortable, entertainment is free, staff are much more attentive and engaging, and the complimentary snack selection is quite good."
"We were flying from San Juan to Worcester, MA with Jetblue Airways. The flight from San Juan to Fort Lauderdale was delayed by 4 hours which would have had us miss our connecting flight to Worcester. Gate agent got us on a flight through Orlando to Boston Logan, made sure our bags were transferred and provided directions to get ground transportation from Logan to Worcester. Upon arrival in Logan the agent was quick to provide a taxi voucher to Worcester and we were on our way. This is an airline that goes above and beyond to get their customers to their final destination. The unlimited snacks, drinks, live tv and wifi on board are also great."
"Flew into Ft Lauderdale from Turks and Caicos last evening to connect to a flight going to DCA. When we (4 of us) realized that our flight was delayed coming from Syracuse, we went to a gate agent, who was a tremendous help to us. She managed to move us to an earlier flight and she also moved our baggage. She was extremely friendly and accommodating. Thank you."
"JetBlue from Nassau to Fort Lauderdale. The check in process was nice and short and boarding process a breeze. The flight attendants were happy, they gave out a variety of snacks but since the flight is a short 30 minutes we only got water which was very acceptable. There was also flight entertainment system. The bagging system was very fast."
"New York to San Francisco. JetBlue are a great airline. I like that they have challenged the airline norms and created their own flight experience. If only more airlines would do this. The plane was modern, clean and simple, perfect for a short haul flight. The staff were friendly, the seats comfortable for a domestic flight and the flight was pleasant. I liked the individual attention when ordering food and beverage, not like the usual trolleys in cattle class. I would fly this airline again ahead of many others."
"Ft Lauderdale to Detroit return with Jetblue. The boarding agents at Ft Lauderdale were not helpful. I had a seat but my husband did not and they would not seat us together without us paying more because they only had \"more leg room\" seats available. Not a good experience with the check in agents at Ft Lauderdale. When we left Detroit the agents were nicer."
"The Jetblue flight from Buffalo to Boston was cheap and they have good service as well. The ground staff were very friendly. During the flight you get something to drink and some snacks. The entertainment is awesome, and on yor personal display you can watch films, and you can recieve the TV programmes too. The seat are big and comfortable."
"I flew Jetblue from Cleveland to Ft. Lauderdale on Dec. 30, 2015 and was pleasantly surprised at the amount of legroom in economy. The plane was clean and spacious. I was also surprised to see a decent selection of snacks offered (for free) as well as soft drinks, tonics, seltzers and tomato juice. Compared to other low-cost airlines this is a bonus. The flight encountered some gulp-worthy turbulence, but the staff was quite friendly and accommodating. The same was true for the return flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Cleveland. Again, the turbulence, but everything else was smooth. We even landed ahead of time. I would recommend Jetblue."
"There was only 3 minutes left to board the plane due to the amount of people at security, we rush through JFK to the JetBlue area. They check in our bags, we ask if we are not too late. They say we are, but they hold the plane for us and we run to the Embraer 190 as fast as we could. This was really kind of the staff. The overall inflight experience was amazing, good staff, good legroom, and very nice staff taking care of the customers."
"My second flight ever on JetBlue wasn't (initially) such a great success. We were just about to take off when the pilot says we have engine problems and had to taxi back to the gate. After several hours of waiting on the plane and in the terminal they announced the flight was canceled and that it would depart the next afternoon. Despite the frustration by this, JetBlue handled the situation extremely well. The pilot and crew kept us informed continually. When we knew we had to overnight they arranged rooms at the Renaissance hotel close by and gave us vouchers for meals. By email we immediately received apology emails and bonus vouchers for future flights. When we finally departed the next day, we had an A320 that had different seats than our inbound brand new A321. Same concept but much older seats and screen. Despite all that, the flight was pleasurable and delivered on its LCC formula. It is definitely worth to pay the extra $$ for extra legroom!"
"My family and I were going to California for an event, and so we decided to use the one domestic airline that we'd used before that we actually liked, Jetblue Airways. We usually fly to Europe with SWISS, and so we have a high standard when it comes to flights, Jetblue Airways met and exceeded those expectations. Terminal 5, their new hub at JFK, is spectacular. Everyone was extremely friendly, there were no lines, boarding was on time, and there were lots of things to see in the terminal. On board, the crew had a great sense of humor, and they were efficient in distributing the variety of free snacks on board. I also bought one of their 'EatUp\" boxes since I was hungry, and it was very high quality. I had plenty of entertainment; they give you free access to DirectTV through the screen in front of you, in addition to free SiriusXM satellite radio and free WiFi. That's pretty darn good by any airline's standard. The plane we were on was also one of their new Airbus A321s, so that certainly helped. We got to LAX ahead of schedule. The only U.S. airline I genuinely enjoy flying on."
"Jetblue Airways from Boston Logan to Washington. Boarding was orderly, the plane was clean and the crew pleasant and seems happy to help. The short flight had a complimentary snack and drinks service which was a nice touch. The snacks comprised of a vegetable or beef pastry option. The crew serving the front half of the plane was very pro active, customer service oriented and communicative."
"Flew Jetblue Airways from LGB to LAS on A320. Long Beach airport does not use a Jet Bridge, so you have to embark and disembark the aircraft using stairs or a ramp. Cabin crew had a great sense of humor and reminded me of Southwest Airlines. Wifi worked extremely well. Even during a short 50 minute flight, JetBlue served drinks, pretzels, and chocolate chip cookies."
"I have flown Jetblue several times over the last year and have been very happy with the experience. Recently, I had booked some flights to and from NY as part of a trip I was planning on to Rome and Paris. Unfortunately, a few days before departure my wife sustained an injury forcing us to cancel all of my flights and hotels. The quality of a company may be seen in its truest light when they do things that are not easily seen. Jet Blue was very understanding of my legitimate medical reason for not traveling (supplied doctors info and letter etc) and promptly, I mean on the phone, provided me with a travel credit that I can use anywhere, anytime (within one year). No third degree - they just did it. Lufthansa came through as well - compare that with what I got from Iberia, which was essentially sorry, use them or lose them! Jetblue are very classy!"
"I really enjoyed the Jetblue experience, and as an early birthday present I decided to upgrade to even more legroom. The check-in experience could have been a bit faster but I am a super early check-in type so it didn't bother me that much. I think Portland security needs to be a bit better. The direct tv onboard made the flight enjoyable and so did the FA's. I really enjoyed this trip."
"On our way back home from the Dominican Republic our plane to New York was delayed about 6 hours. When we first heard this we were so upset because they only have one plane that comes into that small airport but they quickly worked out a plan to get us home. They were going to put us in a hotel overnight in New York but I am a critical care nurse and could not miss any more days of work. Right when they heard this they switched our connecting flight and even changed our destination from San Diego to LAX. They comped our taxi ride, gave us food vouchers and even a coupon for our next flight with them. They made a very stressful situation run so smoothly. They lady at the desk in LAX knew how to be patient with people. She was so helpful and sweet. We will for sure be flying with Jetblue on future flights!"
"Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas. This was my first time flying JetBlue, and my experience was positive. The flight left on time and arrived early into Las Vegas. I had no issue with the flight or service. Monday night football was on, which many were enjoying on their IFE, and the game literally ended as we pulled up to the gate, the timing could not have been better. JetBlue does charge for bags which I paid. And from the time I booked the flight to the time I left the price of the flight only went up (as it should)."
"I was expecting my flight from New York JFK to Los Angeles on JetBlue to be a more budget friendly business class option. I was wrong. Mint is a fantastic design and is superior to many First Class options on other US airlines. The flight attendants were very friendly, and the food was great. Will definitely fly JetBlue in future."
"I hardly ever do reviews but today I flew into St. Georges Grenada from JFK and absolutely had to let Jetblue know how amazing one of their staff was : Kelly at check-in not only expedited my very time rushed transit but also personally brought me an important folder I had left at the counter right into the plane before take off. You're a superstar and I will definitely be paying it forward. Thank you so much. JetBlue, you're lucky to have such an amazing employee!"
"Flew from DC to Boston for the marathon this year. It was only an hour gate to gate, which was one of the shortest flights I've ever flown. They had seatback TVs, that played around 35 channels. The flight attendants weren't very interesting. Served soda and snacks, including peanuts, chips and cookies. Good service overall. Bumpy though, because there was a storm over Cape Cod. Very cheap, but overall it was a very good flight."
"First time on JetBlue and I can now see what the fuss is about. They're excellent. We paid extra for the 'Even More space' seats and it was worth it. Never have had so much leg room on an economy class seat - which is important on this 4.30 hour flight from New York to Aruba. The service was great, the IFE system fantastic and the A321 plane was close to new. The internet worked for part of the flight and was quite fast for being airborne (it only works over US air space - although would be great if it worked for the entire duration of the flight). The only improvement required is the food menu. On such a long flight they should have something more substantial to eat than a processed cheese pack or pretzels."
"I must admit, as a UK resident, I had had some dread about using Jetblue, as I had expected they would be a US equivalent of Ryanair. However, they turned out to be just fine. Booked online weeks in advance, checked in at the airport, all very quick and efficient, flights exactly on time. Big seats and legroom, more than on the international flights we took. I'll give them a 9 even though they left my case in San Francisco (the airport's fault, not theirs), as they got it into the hotel in Las Vegas the same night and provided e-mail updates several times during the process. Really surprised by how nice it was to fly with them."
"We departed October 7th to visit San Juan, Puerto Rico. When we checked in they assigned me a seat but not my sister. The agent said \"they will assign her a seat at the gate\". Totally confused about that we checked everything in and when we got to the gate we explained to the agent for some reason one of us didn't get a seat assignment. We then asked if we could be reassigned to sit together. They first offered us the last seats on the plane, we didn't want those if we didn't have too. After about 5 minutes we had seats in the extra room section. Very pleased with our area lots of room. Our interaction with 2 flight attendants was outstanding and made the flight a delight. Thanks Jetblue for great first time experience!"
"Flew JetBlue from Boston to San Juan return. Check in via kiosk (the app was not working) was fast in both directions, and bag drop lines were not too bad - finished in about 5 minutes. Seats onboard were comfortable, the service onboard was fast and pleasant. Flights were on time. All in all a more than acceptable first (and second) experience with this airline."
"I had my trip set for September 24 to fly out from LAX box to FL Airport and was supposed to return September 29,which was perfect for my Vacation, but things didn't go as planned. My wife called Friday to tell me that my son was in the Hospital. I didn't think twice so I called Jetblue to catch the next fight out. I know I had to pay extra but I didn't care. I was prepared to spend whatever I had to. They really took care of me. I will always fly jetblue."
"I paid the extra $70 to upgrade to an even more room. To me it was well worth it because I had to book late and the alternative was a seat in the middle of a row down the back. For the money you get loads of leg room, actually plenty for a tall man, and you get to sit right up front. At boarding you are one of the first on so you don't have to fight for bin space. I was in 2F so I didn't have far to walk. JetBlue offers free WiFi which you can use for normal access, but you can't download large files unless you want to spend more on the upgraded service. All I wanted was to be able to send progress messages. It worked for that but it wasn't particularly fast. I had a look at the free entertainment, but to me it was rubbish. Just the usual low brow low life shows I wouldn't watch on TV. This is why I don't have cable TV any more. Alaska is a lot better. Food is snacks, if you don't want 100 calorie packs then bring something with you. Don't do what one low life did, nobody wants to share a plane with a burger and fries. The flight was uneventful and landed on time."
"A round trip in Jetblue Mint Class. Both flights were exceptional in every way, from start to finish. Seats, staff, food and entertainment - really the most enjoyable domestic service I have experienced in years. Only complaint, and it is minor, there was no lounge. Jetblue is doing business class right. Major legacy carriers - take note if you want to survive."
"I flew on JetBlue's new A321, and was very impressed. The seats were very comfortable for economy, snacks and drinks they give were great, and the staff was friendly! Out of the airlines I've flown on, JetBlue has been my favorite."
"I was positively surprised by the quality of Jetblue Airways on my flight from Long Beach to Anchorage. Both seat reservatations and luggage were complimentary. Staff was very attentive and a good selection of food and drinks were offered. Compared to other US airlines, the entertainment system is supreme - live TV and a variety of movies can be watched. On top of that, the WiFi was working properly throughout the whole flight."
"JetBlue continues to be our airline of choice when flying domestic. Check-in in Boston should have been a bit faster, but overall, this was an enjoyable experience. We opted for the \"Even More Space\" seats which offer 4-5 extra inches of legroom in rows 1-5 and 10-11. We also got priority boarding which is always nice. JetBlue's entertainment helped make the 6 1/2 hour flight seem like 1 hour. Their map is always helpful too. Due to the limited amount of flights JetBlue operates out of San Francisco, they only have 2 gates and they are both in the international terminal, so we had to walk pretty far to get to baggage claim. Once again, did not disappoint."
"Friendly staff, comfortable, clean aircraft and great selection of complementary refreshments on board. One complaint is a small delay from JFK but other than that the Jetblue experience was pleasant."
"On-time, lots of leg room, choice of free snacks, free TV and movies (outside lower 48), efficient crew, fare cheapest on this sector. Only downside - ads against possible increase in taxes for airline passengers. Would fly again."
"Mint seats are great. Attentive staff, excellent service, great seats, new planes, lovely food. What's not to like. Only issue is LAX airport is seriously grim and there didn't appear to be a lounge. Book and have a great flight."
"We travelled from Orlando to New York JFK on JetBlue Airways and I would like to congratulate the crew and the airline. The crew were very kind to us and we felt that they gave us special attention which made our journey a very pleasant one. Thank you and we definitely will travel with you again and highly recommend you."
"We travelled to Orlando from the UK for a week stay then decided that we wanted to visit Mexico. So we went to a JetBlue travel desk within Orlando International and booked a return ticket to Cancun. The staff were helpful at the desk and the whole boarding procedure was quick and straightforward. On board, our seats were roomy, there was free wifi and TV's in the seat, for a 1hour 50min flight. We even received a free drink and snack. My husband watched football. I thought the cabin crew were presented well and they seem to have much more personality than any other airline I have recently travelled on. I was amazed that Jetblue is considered Budget as it is in a whole other league to the UK budget airline Easyjet. I would fly with them again."
"First time flying with jetblue and will fly again. Thanks for a comfortable flight."
"Both flights to Puerto Rico and back were pleasant. On time and services were great. However, on my way back home, I had a back injury that flared up during the trip and the people from Jetblue were great in assisting me with a wheelchair from beginning to end. I will definately recommend them and use their service in the future."
"Twice a year for 9 years my wife and I fly to family in California and it is a full day trip. We are both handicapped and it has always been hard on us and we were always made to feel like a burden by airlines employees. This year we took Jetblue for the nonstop flight even though Boston airport is over an hours drive. Customer service addressed our special needs from the very start with booking the flight over the phone to finish getting our luggage there and back home and I didn't feel helpless about having a disability."
"We fly JetBlue about 3 times a year, and every time it's satisfying. The legroom is great in even more space, the television is great for entertainment and they actually give you something more than peanuts. Also, every here and there the flight is over two hours and you can get eat up's (which include cheese up, meat up and many more)."
"MSY to BOS on 6th July. I was initially confused and frustrated by the online check in process - they assign seats upon arrival at the gate, and you can only reserve online if you wish to pay for 'More Space' seats in advance. Both the phone and Twitter operatives were helpful when I raised this with them. We arrived at the gate with about an hour to spare, gate staff could not have been more helpful. We asked to have two seats together and were told that this would be resolved once the staff had logged in. 15 minutes later, we were called to the desk and found that we had been assigned to More Legroom at no extra cost. We were delighted with this and the seats were very comfortable. We also loved the DirectTv and Sirius Radio live streaming to the aircraft, a unique touch. The unlimited soft drinks and snacks were appreciated. The flight staff were attentive and approachable. The captain coming out to make the pre-flight briefing personally was a great touch. There was an on-ground delay of an hour due to bad weather in Washington, but the captain kept us fully informed of everything that was going on and since they had the foresight to switch the entertainment on prior to take-off (why doesn't every airline do that), we barely noticed."
"Flew from SFO-JFK and return flight on JetBlue. Both flights left on time and we arrived at both destinations about 30 minutes early. The crew on the flight was attentive and very friendly. Both on the way to New York and back to SF they asked us about ourselves and our trip. The A321 they fly on trans con flights has a snack bar they open up after they come through with the first round of drinks. It's great being able to get up and get your own snacks without having to call a flight attendant. The entertainment was pretty standard they have live TV and movies you can purchase for $5. The flight crew were also informative. We had a pretty intense bout of turbulence but the captain continued to update passengers the whole time."
"The seat and legroom were excellent. On our flight to Puerto Rico from Chicago we felt the cabin crew were less than exceptional. Drinks came but the snack/food service was much later. They didn't pick up the refuse for a long time. We didn't sense that the crew enjoyed their jobs. The entertainment controls did not function on either of our seats. We were not able to take advantage of the entertainment. On the return leg of our trip the crew was marginally better. We purchased headphones but after about an hour my aisle seat controls stopped working. my wife's center seat controls never worked at all. We were happy with the overall flight otherwise. It was nice to be able to get more than a tiny bag of peanuts."
"LAX-BOS A320. Boarding zones were a bit strung out although not helped by the people who would show up to the gate as boarding was going on but should have sped it up. On board everything went smoothly. Quick to take-off so was must not have lost our slot. Crew was above par and standard Jetblue entertainment product and snacks. At least one lady in the row in front of me had a TV that did not work so they reset the system. Not a big deal but if you purchased content and already watching that would be a huge pain. Going to miss when they reduce the pitch as the 34' current is great. Arrived slightly early but the crew seemed a bit disinterested to passengers as departing. However minor point. 9/10."
"Flight 906 on 3/17 and 905 on 3/22. I booked a trip to NYC from Chicago and I chose JetBlue based on price and time of flight. Since I'm a student and I was on a budget and I mainly based my decision on price. It was $220 round-trip. I had really low expectations given that this airline is not a big name like others out there but I'm happy to say I had an excellent experience. Both my flights were on time they offered free snacks (no peanuts here legit snacks!) and soda/tea/coffee. The service and the whole experience was great. I would definitely recommend JetBlue."
"I chose JetBlue because I heard great things. I think I had an unlucky streak in which both of my flights were delayed. One being a leaky valve and the second due to weather (out-of-JetBlues control). JetBlue worked really hard to keep me happy and remain their customer. They provided me a credit no questions asked since the delays affected my transportation routes. For them to do that shows that this type of thing does not happen very often. I will also say that the unlimited snacks beverages not to mention all the leg room was a plus. Although I did not have a perfect experience I would definitely recommend JetBlue. Things happen but JetBlue owns up to it and works hard to keep you a satisfied customer. I respect that and their business model of good customer service. I bet if I didn't have the delays the experience would have been perfect."
"We just did the Jetblue Mint experience LAX to JFK. We are a couple of airline geeks who took this flight as a Valentines Day gift to each other. Our dedicated Mint flight crew greeted us warmly during boarding including a welcome card with their names. Also waiting at our seats were eye masks and bottled water. Before takeoff we each enjoyed a couple of their delicious signature drinks (they're small). After takeoff we were offered more drinks a Birchbox full of gender specific spa products and dinner. Out of 5 or 6 items we were permitted to choose 3 small plates an appetizer and dessert. Honestly I found some of the food excellent and some not quite as good. They were more than happy to replace one of my choices that I wasn't too happy with. The entertainment was great live TV and free wifi. The movies are not on-demand which made it so that I wasn't able to watch one because I was too distracted with the rest of the Mint experience to pay attention to the start times. In case dinner doesn't fill you the A321 has a self-serve snack bar behind the Mint cabin for anytime bagged snacks and drinks. The seats themselves were comfortable for a 5 hour domestic flight. I liked the firmness controls and massage feature. We sat in a 2 seat bank so we could sit together but the single suites looked very nice for people traveling alone. The single seats have more personal space and a privacy door too. Jetblue really thought our the Mint product well. If you book enough in advance the introductory price is a terrific value. Even last minute bookings still price Mint competitively with UA DL and AA on this route."
"Flew jetBlue Mint class New York to LA and return. Overall a great experience. Was seated in 2A one of four 'single suites.' Very comfortable and private especially when reclined with the suite door closed. The only picky comment is there tends to be some wasted space owing to the single seat configuration and the design could have accommodated a greater seat width. You're also removed from the window so mindless gazing is not really an option unless you unbuckle and lean. The perks in Mint are outstanding not just the lie-flat seat with massage feature but the food and beverage selection amenity kit service from the flight staff and the large video screen. As mentioned in previous reviews not touch screen but that didn't really detract from the experience - you couldn't even reach the screen necessarily when fully reclined. Okay selection of feature films but not VOD. The DirecTV feed is great however and really gives no reason to claim you're bored. The wi-fi complimentary at the moment was hit and miss; fairly good responsiveness when working but did suffer from numerous interruptions. Personalized and attentive service was prominent on both legs and flight time seemingly flew (no pun intended) by. At the current introductory price point Mint is outstanding value. Inevitably jetBlue will adjust their fare pricing to reflect the reality of what is offered however even at a higher cost Mint class should be seriously considered before looking at intercontinental business class on other airlines. jetBlue and its staff should be proud of the Mint product and I will look for any excuse to fly Mint class again."
"Buffalo to New York - JFK with a connection to Los Angeles (read the latter segment under a separate review). The flight from Buffalo left and arrived on time. The Even More Space seats are very good with plenty of leg room while also providing the benefit of early boarding. Flight crew was personable and attentive. As a first timer with JetBlue I was impressed. Will definitely fly with them again. Great alternative to a Canadian airline out of Toronto for me."
"JFK-LAX. Mint Service. Like other reviews of this new First Class Jet blue service it is excellent. Overall it ranked higher than most excellent business class carriers and felt more like BA First which I had just flew in on. The level of the service is high as well as the experience. Meals are better than most carriers and was completely impressed. What I liked the most was the Suite which was private and comfortable with plenty of room for a bed with great bedding. Was completely surprised by this level of service in US. The only downside was the movies were not running but there was plenty of other options. The amenities kit and head set are all top notch. They give American and Virgin a run for the money and considering this service is so well priced I will be flying again!"
"In December 2014 I took two separate jetBlue flights one from SFO to JFK and then another from JFK to LAX. These flights were fairly long (5 hours) and I found the service to be quite sterile and mediocre. While it was nice that snacks and drinks were made available throughout the flight there were no healthy options aside from water and if you were not prepared to purchase a meal on board chips and cookies were basically your only options for the flight. I feel that this is standard for a flight that may be 1 or 2 hours long but for a longer 5 hour trip I expect there to be meal service included in the price of the fare. I also suffered from severe pain in my right ear during and after landing on both these flights which I had not experienced on another domestic US flight with a different airline that I had taken around the same time nor on any other flight I have had prior or after these two jetBlue ones."
"Just arrived in NYC (LGA) from Fort Myers with my 3 kids and husband. We were really impressed by our experiences on outgoing and returning flights. Great satisfaction with all aspects of travel - boarding inflight service (healthy food and beverage choices entertainment communication service spacious seats and storage)."
"JFK-IAD ERJ-195 The seat is nice and provides enough legroom. It was a short flight of about 50 minutes. There were personal TV which is good enough for a short flight. You can switch channels to news such as CNN. The flight has snacks and cola for complimentary. It is the best experience I have had on short flight."
"R/T JFK to LIR (Liberia Costa Rica) in Even More Space seats. The EMS seats entitle you to shorter waiting time at the TSA checkpoint which we needed since we were a little late arriving to JFK. We purchased food to bring on board but \"boxes\" are availlable. No Eat Up Cafe (fresh food) is sold on this flight. The EMS seats have lots of leg room which is great. Our flight attendants both ways were friendly and efficient and complimentary snacks and beverages available at all times. Since we were on an international flight the movies were free but they charge $3 for headphones (which I feel JB should comp for the EMS rows). Overall a great experience. We use this service twice annually to visit our home in CR."
"Flew between New York JFK and Fort Myers. Checked in online and bag drop at JFK was quick and easy. Flight left on time was 45 mins quicker than originally advised. Leg room was excellent much better than most international airlines complimentary in flight soft drinks and snacks all in all a very good experience and we will use Jetblue again."
"I flew from Boston to Philadelphia with Jetblue on Monday August 25th. The Airline was punctual and the seats were decent. Great airline to use domestically."
"Flew Mint Class from LAX to JFK and were impressed with the overall experience. We live in Asia and fly Business or First Class on some fantastic full service Asian based airlines but this Jetblue Mint experience can easily beat most of them. We took the 7am flight on a heavy 100 percent full A321 flight. The check in was smooth with a nice welcome from the ground staff. Our luggage were slightly oversize and above the max. 50 pounds allowance per piece but they were flexible on it hence we didn't need to pay the additional fees. We arrived around 5.30 am hence only a few passengers on the security check and didn't bother to use the express line. The boarding was announced at 6:15 am and the Mint passengers got to board first. We were seated in 3A and 3C which is perfect for couple even though the single suite with sliding door in front and the back of our seats row 2 and 4 were more private. The cabin crew were very helpful in explaining the Mint service seat functions and presented us with menu card. The welcome drink with or without vodka were a delight. It took us a while to learn the full features of the seat as they are so unique and not the usual features you find in other carriers. The thick blanket noise canceling headphones power point container for your phones and sunglasses are very thoughtful. The boarding was completed before 7am and the departure was on time. We got to choose 3 out of five meals prepared by Saxon+Parole which were delicious and nicely presented. The Icecream by blue marble and Mah Ze Dahr cookies in a box were of good quality. One feature we love the most is free and fast wifi as soon as we took off. The non stop TV entertainment although not AVOD was cool and we could watch it as soon as we sat down. The in-massage seat function helped us to relax and dozing off for most 5 hours and 30 minutes flight. I am 6 feet tall and I found the seat is comfortable and I was able to stretch flat out. We arrived at JFK 10 minutes earlier than scheduled and were very happy with our experience. Book early for extreme good value and highly recommend the Mint class to anyone looking for a fantastic First class experience at an affordable price."
"Took flight 1834 from Port-au-Prince to JFK on 10/17/14. What a great experience - almost. The personnel were exceptional. They did everything right. My seat was 1D since no one was in the exit row seats they let me move back and allowed my friend in coach to move next to me he is 6 ft 3 so that was great for him. The attendants were on their game the whole trip and got me coffee after their normal serving time without a hitch. Only problem was my seat sound connection crackled so I used the seat connection next to me. No problem as long as no one is directly next to you."
"HPN-MCO. No complaints seats were roomy. Check in was easy both ways. Great entertainment as you could actually watch live TV. No meals offered (short flight). Basic refreshments. Good value!"
"On board Mint class from LAX to JFK. Impressive in all aspects. Seat entertainment food and service. The other carriers better watch out. Provided the pricing remains competitive I'm a convert."
"Flew LAX-JFK return in Mint in Aug/Sep 2014. Check in was fast and efficient although slightly hard to find the Mint line at JFK. The food is some of the best I've had inflight and beats any of the other American airlines I've flown hands down. The seat was slightly narrow but the adjustable firmness and subtle massage made up for it. Warm and efficient friendly cabin crew were very helpful but unobtrusive. Flight to JFK departed 50 minutes late but landed on time. Entertainment system is not on demand and the DirecTV has so many advertisements it is infuriating. The feature movies were ad free though. Overall a very good airline who I would definitely fly with again."
"Flew on Jet Blue 1732 from Bermuda to JFK on Sunday 31/8/2014. Boarding was speedy well organised and efficient with everyone boarded and the plane doors closed 20 minutes ahead of schedule. The flight left Bermuda 15 minutes early and arrived into JFK 25 minutes early which impressed me a lot. Service provided by three polite smiling and delightful crew with drinks and snack run done fairly effortlessly and refills available and delivered with extra ice and a smile. An impressive service that I really rated."
"I flew on flight 1731 from JFK to Bermuda. The flight was delayed so boarding started around 30 minutes late. Boarding was pretty chaotic as the PA system was not working properly. Onboard we were greeted by a friendly cabin supervisor who smiled and asked us how we were. Once seated the flight was airborne within 20 minutes an hour later than scheduled. Inflight service was efficient and friendly with drinks served individually from a tray rather than a trolley which was a nice touch with a free snack served from a basket. Landing cards were handed out - it would be great if they had a supply of pens. The flight then arrived around 30 minutes late into Bermuda disembarkment was quick - and I have to say I really enjoyed the flight."
"August 20 2014 flight 124. We flew from LAX to JFK on Mint. I can honestly say that I was very impressed! I have flown business class on many international airlines and the on-board service was comparable in every way. The food was excellent - best I have had on any airline. Flight attendants were friendly courteous and very attentive and our bags were the first to arrive at the carousel as promised. Furthermore the seats reclined to a flat position. All in all a great trip. The one suggestion for JetBlue is to have a small lounge area to accommodate Mint customers at larger airports such as LAX."
"Flew Mint class from LAX to JFK in July. Check in and boarding smooth and on time. Fantastic crew helpful and kind yet unobtrusive. Meal some of the best I've had inflight much better than BA and QR business long haul. Entertainment system not AVOD so whenever announcements were made I'd miss parts of the film I was watching. Good selection of entertainment though wifi never worked. Seat was the suite-style and very comfortable in all positions but surprisingly narrow in lie-flat. When trying to sleep I had to keep my arms over my chest like a mummy. Still managed to doze off a few hours."
"Flew JFK-ACK-JFK very easy check-in very comfortable Embraer 190 plane service on board was excellent both flights left on time. I'll keep flying JetBlue whenever I can. The seats were very comfortable."
"JFK-POS. Unfortunately Jetblue has lost its edge and is now very similar to the other U.S. carriers. The free snacks have been downgraded and are really cheap and not substantial enough for longer flights. The majority of the flight attendants were friendly but one of them was extremely rude. The seats however are pretty good (much more comfortable than coach seats on the legacy carriers)."
"Very decent airline with great staff. I flew MCO-JFK and the whole flight was great. I also found the food and snacks acceptable and the WIFI was great. I would definitely fly Jetblue again."
"My husband and I flew from Charleston to DCA on the second day of service 6/20. The flight plane crew seat snacks were excellent. Jetblue on this flight provided directtv service which was great. I have flown Delta US Air United recently. None of these were as good as the Jetblue service. I was extremely impressed and have already booed my next flight."
"BOS to SAN and SEA to BOS. This is by far my favorite domestic (US based) airline and I preferentially fly them whenever I can. They really do go the extra mile to make sure your flight is pleasant - start to finish. Gate hassles are minimal compared to United and Delta and in my opinion food/beverages/entertainment are far superior to any other airline in economy class. Let's hope they don't change!"
"Round-trip from Richmond VA to Ft. Lauderdale FL. Could not have been happier. Plane took of on time both trips and arrived ahead of destination time. The seats the snacks the flight attendants all good. I thought they actually appreciated my business! Also the $70.00 each way my husband and I saved on the bags was a real bonus! First trip the Pilot actually came out of his cabin and talked to us before takeoff."
"This was my very first flight taken for a business matter. Without knowing what to expect being so inexperienced I prepared for the worst. Thinking this would be a delayed or cancelled flight resulting in a late arrival. I experienced a small delay before take off yet arrived at JFK on time. The flight attendants were polite and went out of their way to accommodate passengers. The flight crew kept passengers up to date on weather and arrival times. All equipment functioned properly and my luggage was promptly returned. JetBlue Airlines is certainly worth the money."
"Impressed by the customer service I received when I was delayed 4 hours at Newark Airport on March 27th 2014 on Flight 505 to Ft. Lauderdale. The customer service representatives kept passengers well informed they ordered pizza for passengers gave out free water and snacks and were happy to offer assistance to passengers who wanted to change their flights. We had free inflight movies and also when we arrived at our destination we received an e-mail stating that we were given a voucher for future flights for our inconvenience caused by the delay."
"I have always flown JetBlue and have had only positive experiences with them. Their flights are always on time. The seats are comfortable and clean. The TV is free. The bag check is free. The snacks are free. When my TV didn't work they gave me free cocktails for the rest of the plane ride to keep me entertained. I've used them flying mostly from JFK to LA and from JFK to Florida and have never had an issue so I'm sure that those with negative experiences unfortunately were just dealing with flukes!"
"I flew with JetBlue for the first time when I missed my original flight in JFK and I was checked in for their JFK-Phoenix service. They have nice and new planes with more leg room. My ticket was originally with British Airways and they did a great co-operation with British Airways with booking me for the last minute flights and sending my untagged baggage all the way from Italy to Phoenix. Plus they have very friendly staff I'm very satisfied."
"JFK-FLL-JFK. The flight was extremely inexpensive. Flight left 20 minutes late but landed on time. Even More Space Seat was worth the cost to avoid the TSA line at JFK alone but the room onboard was great. The flight was smooth but the audio jack was overused and my headset plug was constantly falling out if I moved the wrong way. Return flight was not as smooth the gate changed 6 times at FLL and was very confusing. IFE was not working at my seat but was given a $15 voucher for future flight although it expires within the year. Flight was also moderately turbulent with no feedback from the flight crew. Flight back was not in Even More Space but was still roomy enough for a big guy like me. JetBlue isn't perfect but much better than most that fly out of the area."
"My flight check-ins were seamless. I have never flown on an airline with so much legroom for the standard coach or 3rd class! Clean and comfy seats nice variety of channels. Wish they had complementary meals for the flights that are 5+ hrs long. Flew from BUF-SFO everything went smoothly on time departures. Flights from SFO-BOS BOS- JFK and JFK-BUF were delayed and they apologized for that. Customer service in BOS was good but customer service in JFK wasn't good at all. Either way I'd still recommend this airline to family and friends."
"PBI-HPN then HPN-PBI. Best flight by far of my jetblue experience every flight took off on time and smooth flights all the way. The Big Plus - great leg room TV's at every seat and good seat recline! Will definitely fly again."
"Polite helpful staff. Never a rushed response. Excellent DFW staff and crew on flight to BOS. I need wheelchair assistance it was available each time without delay."
"Return. JFK-LIR. 11/9: JFK-LIR: #1691. 11/16: LIR-JFK: #1692. Both going and coming back the JetBlue experience was what you would expect for a low cost airline these days. On time departure. Good communications from the flight deck. Flight attendants were in the cabin offering \"snack boxes\" and beverages. Friendly and accessible. > Bottled water offered at the end of the flight was a nice touch."
"Overall the flight was fine. However I noticed that the people that pay Even More Space and get to sit on an Exit Row will be seated with people that did not pay. So do not buy Even More Space just go to airport and volunteer to go to Exit Row (Even More Space) and it will be Free."
"JFK to LAX very good flight first time flying with Jet Blue very nice flight. Leg room is good and crew were professional offering prompt service and the captain explaining weather and how long he expected turbulence to last etc. The only negative on the flight was being a vegetarian there was only the quinoa salad available for a meal and by the time they got to our row (16) they had run out as there were apparently only 7 or 8 salads. They handled it very well were really polite and gave me a snack box free of charge but I think I should be able to order a proper meal on a 6 hour flight. The return flight was not as good staff were a bit indifferent we were delayed 1.5 hours with no explanation or apology and it took 40 mins for the first bag to arrive in the baggage claim area. Would fly with them again."
"BOS - LAX A320. Full flight but boarding was made efficient and completed rather quickly. Seats and entertainment were really showing there age with any bumps the screen flickered and the window seat in my row cut out a couple times for that person. Also the audio was not working well which was caused by headphones with a microphone (apple iPhone headphones). However when I mentioned the issue the attendant kindly gave me a jetblue set which worked fine. Flight was good with snacks and drinks."
"Flew JFK-HOU-JFK for supposedly a budget airline the seats were better than some business class seats on European airlines. Flights left on time and the service was very good. Price of ticket was less than the other U.S. airlines and as someone used to budget airlines in Europe it was a nice change not to have to pay to check baggage in."
"Flew Jetblue 8th October JFK-SJC. Flight left and arrived on time friendly crew. Highlight was the free check in luggage and snacks which you would not find on other domestic flights. I would definitely fly Jetblue domestically."
"First time flying with them and loved every minute of it! Staff were excellent and so attentive! Short flight to JFK from Buffalo and back but what a great experience! Counter staff was a pleasure to deal with - very accommodating and helpful! Flight crews were excellent. This is very short flight but they really get moving to make sure everyone is helped and fed in a short time frame!"
"I flew JetBlue 26 times in a 3 month time span going from DCA to BOS. It is a great airline and a pleasure to fly. The best is the legroom the nice flight attendants and the in flight entertainment. On about 1/4th of my trips had heavy delays but that's because of weather and was unavoidable. I had only one really bad flight that was delayed for about 4 hours but that was the worst of it. There are no \"middle seats\" as the configuration is 2 and 2 and there are no carts - the flight attendants use baskets of chips and put the soft drinks in the pockets of their apron. I like that. Then there is the in-flight entertainment which makes the flight seem a lot shorter and pleasant. I notice that the fares are usually competitive with American or Delta (or in some cases a little more) but its worth it in my opinion."
"We traveled between July and September 2013. My friend travels with a portable kidney machine. I notified them of this fact when I made the reservation by computer. I was told he could bring the machine and another medical bag for free. When it was time to board the plane they took everybody except the disabled persons first including children in strollers. I think a person with a kidney machine should trump a child with a stroller for boarding. When we got onto the plane I asked one on the flight attendants where we could store this somewhat heavy kidney machine. She promptly told us there was no room to store it other than the overhead bin. I told her I couldn't lift this machine over my head. Another flight attendant and the disabled person lifted it into the overhead. On the return trip we just decided to check it in. The woman at the check-in desk was very accommodating."
"Flight 264 SEA-JFK. Delayed 1 hour and Flight 263 JFK-SEA. On time. Fast efficient check in. Friendly staff. Excellent onboard service. Legroom was fantastic. Flight attendants are funny and professional at the same time. Free Snacks are great and they keep giving you more. They give a whole can of pop and a small bottled water unlimited. Inflight entertainment is wonderful. Direct TV/SIRIUS Music and some select movies for pay (not on demand though). They give complimentary \"Snooze kit\" on a red eye flight which consists of earplugs and eye shades. Hot towel service is an added bonus. They are better than the legacy carriers with only Virgin America as their closest competitor in terms of service and onboard comfort."
"September 15 2013 my husband and I flew from Aruba to Boston and we had the best flight. We were on Flt #774 it was wonderful the captain was very pleasant and the flight attendants could not be more accommodating and entertaining."
"JFK-CLT. I've flown them often and the only complaint I can muster is their occasional delays. The attendants were friendly as usual. The free inflight Live DirectTV and Radio is better than most international airlines and I believe 36 in of legroom come standard (though I may be wrong). Free (\"unlimited\") snacks and beverages are a nice addition considering it's only a 2 hour flight. Their custom built Terminal 5 at JFK is excellent - fast WiFi tons of power ports and lots of space and shops. It makes the occasional delay quite bearable. Leather seats are great and you can even purchase \"Even More Legroom\" which being quite short I've never needed to but the purchase also let's you use first class check in and security lines along with priority boarding. The free checked bag is amazingly useful especially if you're connecting flight is international. It's worth pointing out that you need to bring your own headphones or you'll have to purchase one for a dollar or two. They are reusable though."
"Took a short trip from IAD to JFK. Good seats spacious legroom good entertainment including a small snack and a drink for a short flight. Courteous staff. In the future jetBlue will always be the first choice for domestic travel in the US. The jetBlue terminal at JFK was nicely done."
"Vegas to Long Beach August 12th. On a recent trip we traveled 3 airlines: Frontier United express and Jet Blue. Jet Blue was by far the best airline. Reasonable fare clean airplane plenty of leg room courteous staff. Will continue to be my first choice airline."
"Flights between Portland and Anaheim were a huge disappointment in terms of flight delays. We saw the airplane arrive but our flight kept being delayed without giving us a reason. We understand that there are some issues going on but as customers we would like to be recognized for our waiting at the airport. The good sides: The flight seats were okay. The drinks and snacks were pretty nice. But I have had better experiences on other flights."
"BDA-JFK-SFO-LGB-LAS-SJU-STT I had a few flights with this airline in the USA past month I can tell I am very satisfied with their services and price! Planes new staff friendly flights on time good seat pitch snacks on board free of charge first bag flies free on board TV show very good! I would recommend."
"Flew JFK-SXM return. Issue on outbound with an engine sensor meant a rejected take off and return to gate. Whole process was handled really well and dealt with very quickly. Lost of communication. On board service was good with friendly crews on both legs of the trip."
"PDX to Long Beach 18th-24th April 2013. Not paying for baggage extremely comfortable seats (with more standard cabin leg-room than I've had in years free snacks and beverages and friendly staff. JetBlue reminded me of what flying was like 20 years ago when most of those amenities were still part of flying but have subsequently gone out of style."
"We flew to Logan from BWI and back. The first flight took off early. It is a short flight - absolutely no issues. Very good seat room in standard coach on a 100 seat regional jet."
"Excellent starting with the telephone customer service representative who set up our seating and arranged for an aisle chair. This is one of the only times we arrived at the airport and the aisle chair was waiting instead of having to remind an employee to get it after prior arrangements were made. This is the first trip that I did not come home with mysterious bruises from being bumped around getting on and off the plane. Bad weather resulted in the plane being directed to Orlando instead of Ft Lauderdale. The staff arranged to help me off the plane even suggested I leave due to the projected wait time even though it was more work for them. The were pleasant and friendly even though they must have been very tired and stressed by the delays."
"I have taken 4 flights with jetBlue during 2nd week of May. My experience was very pleasant from the time of checking in. I had 2 pieces of luggage and everything was done very swiftly and efficiently. The leg space is very comfortable which is much more than most of the airlines I travelled. Flights are neat and the cabin crew were courteous and efficient. Inflight service of complimentary drinks and snacks were served to every one enthusiastically. The in house entertainment was great with many channels to view. The entertainment is no way less than many international flights. The luggage came very fast at the carrousels for all the flights that I took. I had a very pleasant experience in all the flights. I will be happy if they can waive the $100/ penalty for the change of flights."
"Flew FLL to DCA and return with Jet Blue. Both flights arrived early clean aircraft friendly cabin crew and no charge for first bag plus a very reasonable ticket cost. I find Jet Blue provide good fares with good service you cannot beat that."
"JFK to FLL on May 8th. Once again completely satisfied with the service. I hope they will expand to more destinations in Latin America and Europe."
"Washington National to Boston. Great flight great service great plane. Modern wide leather seats plenty of legroom for someone 6'1 and live TV with over 35 channels. Also no fee to check bags like some other airlines. Complementary drinks and snacks onboard."
"I just got back from the Port Charlotte FL area using the Sarasota airport. I had non-stop flights both ways and enjoyed the trip. I was impressed with the process of ordering drinks whereby the Flight Crew came around and wrote down orders. I found this very efficient rather than blocking the aisle with a cart. Also they provided you with a full can of soda vs. other airlines that ration you by pouring 2 glasses out of a can. The snacks were also enjoyable as you were able to choose your preference. The free TV was a plus too."
"Flew from Boston to Punta Cana round-trip. Great experience except for the food selection. The entertainment was great lots of choices and the plane arrived in Punta Cana ahead of schedule! Staff pretty friendly and plenty of leg room. All in all not a bad experience the overall interior could use an upgrade though!"
"Flight from JFK-MBJ round-trip with family. Nice experience. Very good legroom comfortable seats and the best entertainment I've seen - they offered live TV. Flights landed ahead schedule both on outbound and inbound (45 min ahead schedule inbound). Free sodas and snacks. Only thing I can complain over is the food you can buy onboard for me as a European they were strange meals I would like to buy a sandwich or something similar. Will fly them again."
"CLT-JFK-BUF. The first leg of the flight was excellent on time with excellent flight attendants on an E190. On the second leg also on an E190 my PTV wasn't working which did upset me although it was only a 1 hour flight service was still great."
"Recently flew from Boston to Seattle. Reasonable fare and very pleasant flight. I fly frequently and find JetBlue to have the best customer service."
"My sister daughter and I travelled from New York to San Diego on January 11. We originated our travel with Aer Lingus in Dublin that morning. Very impressed with Terminal 5 in JFK and our check-in was without difficulty. Unfortunately our flight to San Diego was delayed a short time but we had worse news to come when we had boarded and were ready to leave. Told we would have to change planes and were taken off to a different gate. In all we were delayed by approx 2 hours. Once we actually took off our flight was made very comfortable and enjoyable by the cabin crew. Despite being in the back row of seats next to the toilets we were impressed by our leg room. I would use this airline again."
"Comfortable roomy seats with plenty of legroom the seats don't recline so far as to have the person in front of you almost sitting in your lap free snacks and a beverage individual TVs for all the seats (bring your own headphones or a $2.00 charge) and even a hot towel. Helpful and friendly staff at both airline counters and onboard and excellent flights from JFK to DEN and back. Returned 20 minutes early to JFK!"
"JFK to Fort Myers. Staff were helpful and friendly. Stewardesses were courteous. Inflight TVs are great. Also the first bag free check in makes sense. A great experience especially when traveling with two young children."
"Orlando to LaGuardia round trip. Flight left late by 15 mins but still got us to NY 20 mins ahead of original time. Service was great friendly hosts and entertainment was excellent with my own TV."
"IAD-JFK E190 Had an Even More ticket. I seen no evidence of Even More Speed at IAD. Ended up in the normal security line. Seat was spacious. We encountered a 2.5 hour delay due to a dent found on the aircraft. I do believe they should have let passengers disembark. However IFE was switched on and snacks distributed so they managed the situation very well. The complete product in a normal situation I think is great."
"JFK-CUN-JFK. To my great surprise the TV and satellite radio were actually working throughout both flights. Crew generally friendly. Both flights landed early. Sat in extra legroom seats where I suspect that many others had not paid but checked in without seats and were given the premium seats since that''s all that was available. On the return though I checked in online I was sent back to the ticket counter since an online boarding pass must still be stamped. And there is a $21 departure tax which most other airlines include in their ticket prices. But with Jetblue it must be paid at check-in."
"BUF-BOS-CLT and return. All four flights on an E-190. To Charlotte the planes were clean with nice FAs excellent working PTVs on time flights and served with snacks and drinks. Back to Buffalo the first flight got delayed for 30 minutes due to heavy storms and I was afraid I was going to miss my flight in Boston. Although when I arrived the flight was supposed to have left but they kept it at the gate until I arrived 20 minutes later! PTV's weren't as good on the return flight was the only problem. Excellent airline overall."
"Aug 28 from Baltimore to Boston. Check-in staff friendly and helpful with getting me on their next flight after I missed mine. Flew an E-190 Regional Jet. The E-190 had more headroom and the seat was more comfortable than I expected it to be. Decent legroom. Plane very clean. DIRECTV was great. Complementary soda/juice and light snack offered. Smooth efficient boarding process. Very friendly cabin crew. All around great experience. Flight was on-time."
"Aug 28 from Baltimore to Boston. Check-in staff friendly and helpful with getting me on their next flight after I missed mine. Flew an E-190 Regional Jet. The E-190 had more headroom and the seat was more comfortable than I expected it to be. Decent legroom. Plane very clean. DIRECTV was great. Complementary soda/juice and light snack offered. Smooth efficient boarding process. Very friendly cabin crew. All around great experience. Flight was on-time."
"Flew from EWR-MCO-EWR. Good Direct TV on both flights. Complimentary snacks good and you can ask for more. As a matter of fact on the return journey the FA came for a second round of snacks. Would definitely fly with them again. The only negative comments on our return flight they changed gates without notice to passengers. When we approached to one of the ground staff for this they apologized for it and said that was done because of operational reasons and they were supposed to make the announcement."
"Flew from EWR-MCO-EWR. Good Direct TV on both flights. Complimentary snacks good and you can ask for more. As a matter of fact on the return journey the FA came for a second round of snacks. Would definitely fly with them again. The only negative comments on our return flight they changed gates without notice to passengers. When we approached to one of the ground staff for this they apologized for it and said that was done because of operational reasons and they were supposed to make the announcement."
"I flew out of Baltimore to Seattle. I had to make a layover in Boston. Flight from Baltimore to Boston was relaxing and stress free. The free DIRECTV was a great bonus. The only con that I do have is that the seat that I was in made a very annoying sound whenever I tried to recline. Flight from Boston to Seattle was also stress free even though it was a red eye. On the long flight home I bought myself a BEEF UP box and it was good. With the free DIRECTV and a full stomach on the long flight home it was relaxing."
"LAS-LGB. Short flight on A320. Staff at gate very helpful. Lots of leg room. Snacks and drinks. FA's quite nice. Live TV was great."
"Went from BUF to TPA in February. The flight was on time (both directions). The plane was clean and had decent leg room. The kids liked the TVs and snacks. I liked that I didn't have to pay an extra $35 per checked bag like other airlines. Overall our experience was very positive and I would not hesitate to fly with JetBlue again."
"New York JFK to Orlando Int Florida. Airbus A320. Very friendly ground staff. Nice plane lots of legroom and seat width and comfort was great. Pilot got us through thunderstorm with minimum bumps. Took off on time and arrived on schedule despite holding for traffic close to Orlando. Great cabin crew."
"We flew Jet Blue out of Oakland. Friendly service agents and a pleasant flight. On time and luggage arrived. Individual screens for each passenger beverages and snacks on the short flight."
"Flew JetBlue to Logan airport. Great flight! Crew and inflight services were top-notch better than any other US carrier. Seats seemed a little old but they were very comfortable and had PTV's. A calm and a pleasant experience. Would definitely fly with them again."
"JetBlue flight ex JFK to PWM. Short flight of 90 minutes duration. ER190 plane seat trims smart although only moderately comfortable for anything longer than 2 hours. Flight delayed during takeoff at JFK due to unspecified VIPs although this seemed to be more the Airport than JetBlue's issue. Communication regarding delay sporadic. On positive ledger Free bag check in meant ample space for carry on luggage and IFE combined with small snacks being brought round a big step up from more 'Famous' carriers. The best service I have yet seen from an American Airline."
"CUN-JFK. Flight delayed 2 hours no apologies. On board nice FA. Comfortable seating. Personal TV on every seat. Arrival at JFK was fast and easy. On a taxi just 20 min after landing."
"This was the first time traveling on JetBlue. It was awesome! We took the red eye from PDF to JFK and the first surprise was how quickly the staff got us boarded and on our way. There was no waiting for people to stow their bags. There was a quick check on cell phones and seatbelts but they were so no nonsense about it that it was refreshing! The biggest surprises were that they offer TV for all passengers and it's good TV! They offer food! And the best was the lack of the service cart! How wonderful it was to not have to compete with the cart or time your bathroom trips so as to avoid getting stuck behind the cart. The staff was extremely efficient about helping passengers without being overwhelming. Even when they had to make announcements it was quick concise and non intrusive. We will definitely fly this airline again! Great experience!"
"My family and I flew from Newark NJ to Fort Lauderdale FL return. Checking-in and boarding the flight to FLL went very smooth - in fact smoother than my previous flight with United Airlines. Onboard the flight in both directions the seats in the standard section were comfortable and of course we had the free DirectTV service. You also had free access to certain SiriusXM stations as well. The service overall onboard was good giving us good complimentary drinks and snacks. Checking-in and boarding the flight to EWR was smooth even though there was 15-minute delay due to a deluge at the airport. The only consequence is that if you don't bring your headset you would have to pay for your own which is $2. Before they used to give them away for free but now they're charging for it."
"Last year my family and I took a trip to NY on Jet Blue for the first time. I was very impressed and happy with my experience. The onboard entertainment kept my children happy and busy. The flight crew was extremely friendly and glad to accommodate us. The ride was smooth and the pilot gave timely updates on the flight status and arrival to our destination. I booked a trip to the Bahamas and chose them once again."
"JFK-RDU: First time flying this carrier. They have a nice terminal in JFK but the security line takes a long time to get through took 40min. Staff were very friendly and kept you abreast of the flight situation even when everything was going fine. Takes a long time to taxi at JFK with all of the flights but this is not airline's fault. Seat space was excellent for both the ER190 going out and the A320 return. Didn't use the inflight entertainment as the flight was only an hour so no need to. The giving out of free snacks and drinks is nice along with the free first checked bag. I will definitely use them again."
"All round good airline and nice flight. The service was great from Bogota (Colombia) to Orlando. The Orlando crew were lovely. Great service. Very happy staff. Seat space was good. We were offered snacks and refreshments for free and had TV too (eat before or between connecting flights is best which I knew in advance so snacks were good). Only 3 movies to select from but lots of TV stations so it worked well for me. Service on the ground was excellent in Colombia. I was really happy with the flight price and the service and seat space."
"JFK-FLL roundtrip. FLL bound on E190. Spacious leg and shoulder room! Direct TV had many channels. FA's were very friendly and helpful. Return flight to JFK was totally different. FA's were unhappy and unenthusiastic. They looked tired and just wanting to get home. Older A320 still had plenty of space but not as nice as smaller E190. My rating is average of two different flight experiences."
"ORD-BOS-SJU return. Check-in staff and FA's really helpful. Served food and drinks (one of the few American carriers that do that). Live TV was good although you loose reception on international routes but that's ok as they give you free movies. Would recommend them over all other domestic carriers."
"BWI-BOS-BWI on E190 and the service could not have been better. FA's were friendly and the entertainment system fantastic. I also had plenty of legroom. The first flight was on time though the second an hour late."
"Round trip from Orlando to the Bahamas. Both flights were great. The crew on each flight were extremely nice and caring. The flight back delayed one hour but they were extremely apologetic and efficient. Even though the flights were short they still provided drinks and snacks. On the flight back we had a bit of turbulence but the captain kept us informed of everything. A plus is the individual TV's in every seat."
"Cabin crew friendly and helpful flight was 2 hours and snacks given out for free as well as drinks. TVs were nice. Flight was well priced seats were comfortable and I had plenty of legroom."
"Non-stop red-eye flight A320 JFK to Las Vegas. Price was the most important thing for us when we booked. At check-in I asked for a window seat and they gave us two \"Even More\" legroom seats near the window though we paid no extra fees. Captain was friendly before departure. Helpful flight attendants but can't say they showed any extra care. Cabin was clean and comfortable. A/C was working at the max and it was really cold by the end of the flight so some people had to buy blankets for $7. Flight on time baggage ok upon arrival."
"NY to Ft. Lauderdale. My last minute ticket was not the inexpensive ticket I usually expect from jetBlue. Easy check-in free snacks and beverages good legroom (in a regular row) plus real-time TV. Staff were friendly and professional. Both flights on time."
"OAK-IAD. Best flight arrangement to the East Coast even though I had to sit next to a screaming baby on a red-eye flight. Firstly the IFE was top notch. The seats were comfortable and they gave out night-gear. Finally at less than 5 hours it was the shortest flight as well. Staff were helpful and the food decent."
"Roundtrip Oakland to Long Beach check in using kiosks was a breeze. The staff were professional friendly and welcoming. The inflight experience for the value of tickets is unbeatable. Inflight entertainment with free DirecTV and XM radio on each seatback. The free quality snacks and beverages delicious."
"JFK-BTV. JFK T5 was clean with lots of shops free WiFi and security was a breeze. It was on a newly painted A320 however the cabin was the older type. Seats were comfortable legroom was excellent and the cabin was showing its age but well maintained. Flight time was only 45 minutes but drinks were served as well as peanuts and cookies. Service was rushed the head FA was friendly but the other two were reserved. Live TV worked fine. Overall decent flight but nothing spectacular."
"Red eye flight from Long Beach to New York JFK with a connection in Salt Lake City. Aircraft was spacious clean and well maintained. Enjoyed the Direct TV and complimentary snacks. A drawback were the leather seats that made for uncomfortable seating for sleep as I kept sliding downwards but was manageable nonetheless."
"PDX-JFK in Economy (extra legroom). This was my first Jetblue flight - it felt like a flying bus. Somehow I was expecting a little more from this airline. Service was very efficient and rushed - I far prefer the friendliness of Southwest Airlines. I would use this airline again but it would not be a first choice."
"NYC-LAX. We flew with a family of 4 and were assisted at every level. Legroom is very good sure the cabin livery is bland and the seats look dated but the TV options snacks and complimentary drinks outweigh any other domestic US experience we have had."
"BOS-DCA-BOS. These flights were sold by Aer Lingus as part of a round-trip between Dublin and DCA. On the outward trip I received an upgrade to Extra Legroom (Row 1) on the return I was seated in Row 2 with the admonition that I would be bumped if a mobility impaired passenger needed the seat. The outbound trip was delayed due to weather conditions and I felt that more information could have been given at the gate as the departure time slipped back the return trip was early. All employees I encountered were pleasant and helpful and I was impressed a free snack/beverage was offered on these short flights."
"FLL-EWR roundtrip 4-5 times each year. As jetBlue and Continental/United are the only airlines that fly direct between FLL and EWR choice is limited. I have always found the staff friendly helpful informative and quick to serve. The captain was at the front of the plane welcoming you onboard and thanking you upon arrival. The ERJ- 90s are a bit uncomfortable and narrow but the A320s are modern and clean. Always pay the $25 for extra leg room."
"I recently flew Boston to Tampa. The flight experience was great spacious seats professional flight crew and TV screens in all the seats made the flight more enjoyable. The only negative aspect was the price of the headsets they should be complimentary for passengers. Costs could be decreased onboard the flights snacks should be made readily available throughout the flight."
"Flew LGB-SEA. Flight departed slightly late but arrived in Seattle ahead of time. Crew were attentive and gave a good service. Complimentary refreshments and snacks served. A320 aircraft were clean and well kept. Overall the experience was good and I would use them again."
"PHX-JFK. Everything on time overnight flight. Standard JB service. Chatty flight attendants in the back made it hard to sleep. I don't feel like the seat is that great the back support is good but I think the seat bottom is thin. Arrival into JFK early."
"IAD-JFK. Booked as a codeshare flight with South African Airways. Flight was late out of IAD but that is pretty common on these East Coast morning flights. I was happily surprised with the legroom and PTV. Flight Attendants were friendly."
"FLL-NAS on Embraer. Short pleasant flight. Due to short flight there wasn't full drink service but everyone had bottle of water on seat when boarding. Choice of two complimentary snacks. Direct TV radios and airshow were available at any seat. Seats were comfortable with nice legroom. First bag is free on all flights. Before departure captain came out of cockpit and made welcome announcement facing cabin. Cabin crew were nice. Waiting time for baggage at NAS could be better."
"Unlike other airlines I don't have to worry about my bags going missing and I don't have to pay a bag check-in fee. They don't have First Class because they don't need it. They have more leg room than others and snacks and drinks. Every seat has a personal TV with free Direct TV and Radio for your entertainment."
"JFK-FLL. Received free upgrade to \"Even More Legroom\" seat. Very spacious and wide seat with Direct TV. Drinks and free chips were served. Crews were very friendly and service was very good."
"SDQ-JFK and also SJU a few times. Great coach seats in leather I love the leg room it is really comfy on international flights they always provide free movies entertainment flight attendants provides a very nice impression and a great experience. Their pilots are always saying goodbye to passengers when aircraft lands which means that they really appreciate our business with them."
"FLL-LGB-LAS. 2 of cabin crew called in sick so we had to wait for replacements who were very funny & in good spirits. Gate personnel kept us informed. We left about 1hr late but made up time and got to Vegas only 20 mins behind schedule. Sat in a row with extra legroom well worth the extra cost. Food was ok. TV great though some connection issues. Only annoying thing was everyone had to deplane in LGB even if continuing to Vegas on same aircraft. I actually had to move up a row! Best domestic flight on my 25000 miles trip from Dubai to USA & back."
"Boston's Logan International Airport-Tampa International Airport. The flight to Tampa was excellent. We sat at our original gate and we were early. There was a flight to Austin that was delayed so they moved us to a different gate where people were confused and it took some time for us to get on the plane. It was a smooth flight. The entertainment system in front of me (TV) seemed to be unattached but still worked and there are enough channels for children and adults. The cabin crew took great care of the passengers. May I say that the landing was superb!"
"JFK-SAN/LGB-JFK The flight to San Diego was one of the best I've been on in a long time. Legroom is great free snacks first bag free lots of TV choices and satellite radio. Crew was excellent. Very enthusiastic and seemed to be enjoying their jobs so rare these days. Bag drop is way too slow as was the baggage claim. Their new meal packs for purchase are not worth the money. On the return checkin and bag drop were better. Crew was more average. The flight was full of screaming babies. Half the TV channels didn't work and the radio broke down halfway through the flight. Jetblue is always promoting the free TV and radio but they break down frequently. And as always the crew can not do anything but file a report."
"This review is regarding the customer service at JetBlue.com. I had a complaint about a third- party service I ordered through the jetblue web site. I made the complaint through their web submission and they followed up and resolved the issue to my satisfaction. I guess I shouldn't be surprised when an airline actually has good customer service but I am."
"Flew Jetblue down to Tampa from JFK on Memorial Day. Great experience. Excellent leg room and seat width. Entertainment system great. Crew was great and attentive."
"IAD-FLL. Was pleasantly surprised by JetBlue. No bag charges on time flight drink and bag of chips included live TV and plenty of radio choice. Much better than American Airlines."
"I was very satisfied with our recent round trip Boston to Peurto Rico all the more so because I perceived JetBlue as a budget airline. Check in moved very quickly and flight left on time both directions. I was happy with inflight movies choice of free snacks and beverages. Lots of legroom. Attendants were pleasant and helpful."
"JFK-Buffalo-JFK. JetBlue Terminal 5 is new modern easily navigated and offers free Wifi. Staff polite and helpful. Outbound on A320 clean and well maintained. Legroom best I've seen in coach on any airline. Snacks and drinks offered shortly after take off by smiling and personal crew. Flight landed on time in Buffalo. Inbound on E190 this time also with smiling and personal crew. Both aircraft feature in-flight entertainment AVOD free snacks and drinks and the best cabin crew I've experienced on any US airline. A great product which I recommend!"
"MCO-BQN / SJU-MCO. Great entertainment system cabin crew friendly. Aircraft were clean seats comfortable and experience was great."
"Great seats. Wish we had been able to use jetBlue for our long flight to Costa Rica. But the short flight was comfortable and the staff friendly. Too bad they don't fly to all the places we go."
"We fly several times a year from New York to Orlando and we only enjoy flying with Jetblue. From online booking to telephone customer support - it's easy and you build up your points or convert your american express points into true blue ones. Jetblue terminal in JFK is the best planes are new equipped with tv's for all passengers. The crew are nice and never refuse extra drinks or snacks during the flight. If your bag is lost Jetblue give you a voucher right away without writing a request for any reimbursement."
"JFK-PDX Flight Crew very helpful and kept us in the loop about delays very professional and a great choice . The Even More Legroom seats feel like First Class but don't have those large price tags attached."
"LAX-JFK-MCO return last week. Three flights on A320 and MCO-JKF on E190. All aircraft in good condition. At time of booking paid for extra leg room on all flights. Money well spent. Free TV channels worked flawless on all flights. Smiling and very helpful crew on all flights. jetBlue terminal in JFK clean and great to spend some time while in transit. Free WIFI throughout the terminal as in MCO. Terminal 3 in LAX is a dump and way too small for the amount of passengers handled through this terminal but T3 in LAX was the only negative aspect to a wonderful flying experience with jetBlue. The fare paid (incl fee for extra legroom) was by far the lowest available."
"JFK via FLL for a business trip - my only preferred airline to domestic cities. Seats had plenty of legroom. Flight attendants did a fabulous job. They sure had a lot of patience considering some of the rude passengers onboard. Service was great and ahead of schedule arrival in FLL."
"Boston-Fort Lauderdale. Flown with JetBlue many times and generally happy with the service. Aircraft clean well maintained and service is consistent though basic. Extra legroom seats well worth the extra money especially now they seem to get priority boarding. One gripe is the constant allowance of excessive cabin baggage which often results in late departures while stressed cabin crew offload bags that will not fit in the lockers! Twice recently on my flights it has caused confrontation during boarding and angry passengers being very rude to the crew. If only the ground staff dealt with the issue by enforcing the rules this would not happen. Apart from that snacks ok and drink service fine."
"Oakland to New York JFK round trip. The airline offers very good service for the price including free unlimited snacks 36 free channels of tv smiling flight attendants and good legroom. JFK connections were very efficient. The only problem is that on the way home to Oakland from JFK the flight was delayed two hours because the flight crew and their backups had been stranded due to cancellations the night before."
"FLL-SJU-FLL. JetBlue offers a simple yet lovely air travel experience. A320 leather seats individual IFE monitor and loads of legroom with 34inch pitch. Snacks of a good-quality and flight attendants friendly. Carry-on and first checked-bag are free. Headset is free. A low- fare airline providing a top-notch experience."
"Comfortable seats with plenty of leg room free snacks and first checked bags friendly staff. They occasionally face delays mechanical problems etc but as someone who flies them about once a month I can say that the vast majority of their flights are a joy."
"My work required last minute travel to New York City from Buffalo New York on a recent weekday morning. JetBlue website was easy to use and I booked a reasonably priced roundtrip flight. Flight to JFK was fine with just a slight delay departing BUF. However departure of return flight was delayed just about 3 hours but just 1/2 hour at a time. Two male flight attendants were a bit gruff and bossy with the passengers which has never been the case with many other JetBlue flights."
"A fantastic flight Tampa to Boston. Our trip home was also smooth and fun for the kids and parents. Flight attendants professional and nice and the pilots informative."
"My family took a flight to Disney and it was the most perfect airline experience. The seats were comfortable there was a wide assortment of refreshments. The trip was smooth sailing. Coming home we did experience a 45 minute wait time due to weather. But the captain kept us fully informed and we were on our way as soon as the weather permitted."
"CLT-JFK. Getting through CLT check in/security was easy the one free bag was a nice touch as well. Boarding on time from CLT's new D terminal which offers good food and plentiful seating. Boarding on time and welcomed by a somewhat friendly female flight attendant who just continued to say Hi Hi Hi. No welcome aboard. Plenty of legroom and IFE was already turned on. Smooth flight chips and a drink were for 1.5 hour flight. The same female flight attendant was rude in asking an unaccompanied minor to \"Turn down your headphones. We can hear them in the front.\" T5 at JFK is amazing. Overall great flight much better value than US and DL who fly this route."
"ROC-JFK-LGB Return. Rochester NY to JFK a new Embraer E190. Seat wide enough with enough legroom even for a large person such as myself. Short flight less than an hour in the air. JFK-LGB in a reasonably new A320. All flights on time or a little early. Flight attendants were reasonably outgoing and cheerful yet professional. JFK-LGB leg they let me have all the liquids I desired. I knew beforehand all JetBlue offers are snacks so I brought food along for the long flight. Same story on return trip. IFE worked as advertised. Bring along your own headphones if you can. Online check in is a breeze and highly recommended by the lines I observed trying to check in at LGB. I can't comment on their baggage handling as I did carry on."
"Verified Review | I was nervous to fly with Spirit Airlines after reading all the bad reviews. I had a round-trip from Newark - Fort Lauderdale - Newark and was satisfied with both flights, especially the first one. We left early, arrived 30 min early and it was the smoothest flight I have had. Very quiet flight, no flight attendants going back and forth and blocking the way to the bathroom. When you want to purchase something, prices are very reasonable. Seats are ok, not crazy small as it was described in many reviews. People complain a lot just because they dont read the rules catefully, such as that it is a low cost airline and you have to pay for carry on. But if you travel as a couple it is still worth it, you pack one nice big luggage, pay for it 30$, but now you can bring your shampoo, perfume or whatever \"liquid\" you want on your vacation. If you travel light you definitely win in ticket price. But sometimes even with paying for luggage, it is still cheaper to fly. The day before the flight I saw tickets cost only $55 one way. Where else do you see price as low as this? Spirit's planes are all new. Conclusion: if you fly short distance, want to save money, take Spirit if the price difference between other airlines significantly lower (just dont forget to add $30 for baggage to ticket price when compare). There is nothing bad about Spirit Airlines except no allowance of carry on."
"Verified Review | On September 5th I was booked on a returning flight 451 at 2:40am from Plattsburgh to Ft Lauderdale. I was visiting my mom and dad for Labor Day weekend in Drummondville Quebec and by September 4th I realized that my dad needed to come back home with me. He was very ill. I decided to book a ticket for him to fly back with me. We managed to get my dad in a wheelchair at Plattsburgh airport and at the check in counter the agent change his seat from row 11 to the front of the plane without any questions. No extra charge, second row aisle. Normally $70 charge! Once on the plane the flight attendant motioned that my son and I also sit upfront and let me sit just behind my dad. Row 3. There were 2 flight attendants on this flight that I could remember. So helpful, so considerate and I just wanted to say Thank You! Thirty minutes before landing my dad needed to use the restroom so I helped him to the front lavatory and it turns out that it wasn't his first time during the flight. The flight attendant helped him get to the bathroom without my knowledge cause I had fallen asleep. Normally he could of done it by himself with his walker but we had to gate check it. To the guy in the first row for offering your arm as a railing to help my dad get back to his seat, your kind gesture was a priceless image in my mind! I will never forget. I now find the time to write this email because my dad passed away September 22, 2017."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Kansas City via Detroit. I flew down to South Florida to help my elderly parents whom both are disabled. Hurricane Irma took out the AC unit, 1/4 of the roof, and we had no power or internet for at least 8 days. I was supposed to stay there for only 6 days I ended up staying 14, they waived the fees for my flight changes Thanks Again Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | Flew Orlando to Pittsburgh. I have never done a review before but thought I had to. The staff were very entertaining and polite. The gentleman over the loud speaker had a very entertaining personality while being professional. I thought they also took it an extra step further by showing everyone how to put on a life vest and how to inflate it. Not all airlines or flights that I have been on have done this. I will definitely be flying with Spirit Airlines. again!"
"Verified Review | Flew Pittsburgh to Orlando. I've been terrified to fly with Spirit Airlines for 6 months now. However, Spirit was nothing like the reviews. The flight was on time and we arrived early to Orlando. The staff were all nice and tried to make the flight fun. Nothing about this trip was bad. Just remember there are so many more people that fly than these reviews but the only ones to leave them are the negative ones. Imagine how many people have had no problems at all but don't think to comment."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Pittsburgh. I thought everything was straight forward. I purchased a round trip ticket for me and my family. A total of 4 tickets. They point out on the site personal items are free within certain parameters. Carry on and check bags you have to purchase. I purchased 2 check in bags. Most airlines charge for check in bags for domestic flights. No complaints so far. As for seating assignments, I called customer service to see if we would be split up? I was told as long as all the tickets were purchased under the same reservation we would be sitting together. On the website you also have the option to purchase an upgraded seat such as an exit row seat. The day before your flight you receive an email telling you to check in and print your boarding pass. I checked in online and printed my boarding pass for my flight the next day. On the printed boarding pass I notice we have our seat numbers. We are all sitting together. The night before I re measured my suitcase according to the dimensions on the website. I was worried something drastic would happen once I would arrive st the airport. Next day arrived at the airport, went straight to the counter checked my bags, showed them my boarding pass. Went straight to the gate. Boarded with no issues. We found our seats. We noticed the chairs do not go back. But I expected that from reading reviews and calling customer service. Legroom was average. I have flown united, American airlines, continental and us airways. The legroom was no smaller than those airlines. The negative is that the seats don't lean back and there is no courtesy water, juice or snack. My flight was from Las Vegas to Pittsburgh. The flight left on time and got there 15 minutes early. That's a plus in my book. Also what other airlines can you fly from the west coast to the east coast for $20 each way. We bought these tickets on a promotion. Overall, Not as bad as many are making it out to be. I will fly with them again. I give them an 8/10. -2 for the seats not reclining and no courtesy water and snacks."
"Verified Review | Arrived at Logan about 90 minutes prior to my flight time. Had not checked in online at all. I also only had a small carry on, and knew that all the extras cost on this airline in return for a cheap flight. I checked in, printed my boarding pass, security line was a bit long, but got to my gate in short order. But, let me tell you about my flight! I got a window seat, but when I found a mom and son sitting in the window and middle seat, I sat on the aisle seat (my favorite). The flight crew could not have been more pleasant. Calmly explains to every single person who asked that yes, we do sell bottled water, drinks, snacks, it's how we keep the costs down. When we were about to hit turbulence during our descent into Orlando, the crew told us to buckle up. Flight was full and left about 10 minutes early! I may just join the Spirit club! Not my first or last flight on Spirit."
"Verified Review | Dallas Fort Worth to Cancun . I was quite skeptical about flying Spirit airlines after reading many negative reviews. Let me say, this was one of my most pleasant flights. I did not seek out to fly Spirit airlines as I booked a vacation to Mexico through an online booking site. The flight crew on Spirit are hilarious. What you see is what you get. The flight attendant made an announcement to remind the guests that you're flying Spirit not delta. If you could afford delta you'd be popping bottles in first class. Too funny. Their drink prices are great, service was good and as a traveler who likes to go very nice places, I knew after I googled Spirit, that this would be a no frills flight. Don't expect peanuts or water for free. You get from point A to point B just like any other airlines however the comical value added by the staff offsets the small metal tray & a little less leg room. I may not necessarily \"seek out\" a flight on Spirit Airlines but it definitely was not as horrible as others have commented. My only suggestion would be to offer inflight wi-fi for purchase. Again, it's a what you see is what you get."
"Verified Review | I was kind of nervous booking with Spirit due to so many negative reviews. My flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles was awesome. It was not delayed. We took off on time and arrived a tad earlier. The flight attendants were nice. I had enough room, I'm 5'9. The little snack deals were decent. Hope to have another great flight back in 3 days."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Boston. Printed boarding pass and reached DFW two hours before flight to find the 7am flight is cancelled due to crew no show (some strike). Good news is they put us on the AA flight two hours later. AA charged luggage fees again. Spirit re-imbursed all the luggage fees. Except for the hassle of change of flights and following up on re-imbursement (holding time of 30 minutes on the phone), it all worked fine. Though never got to fly Spirit, the baggage fees were returned and so I am ok with it and willing to give Spirit another try for the next destination. They also gave $50 voucher per passenger for the next trip."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying Spirit Airlines. Keeping in mind that it is a low cost carrier and that I am reviewing it in this context, it was a very pleasant surprise. It's very similar to easyJet although probably not quite up to their level yet. The boarding process was very fast, the aircraft was a brand new A320 (it had Sharklets as opposed to fences). The interior is one big cabin with no dividers as it's all one class. The seats while spartan, are quite comfortable. The is no reclining feature but the angle is good enough for a comfortable ride for even a longer flight. The table is tucked away in your armrest which means that you cannot lie down even if you have all three seats to yourself, conversely, it also means that the person sitting next to you cannot infringe upon your space. Foods and drinks are for sale and almost everything other than the flight is an additional charge. Both the cabin crew and the cockpit crew were professional and friendly. Just before landing the cabin crew randomly selected a passenger to receive bonus points for future travel - not sure if they do this on all flights but it does add a nice touch to the whole trip. I was lucky in that I had the exit row to myself and that the aircraft had 64 empty seats. I suppose that most people book Spirit because it is cheap and they probably get upset if they have to sit on a full aircraft and have to pay for everything from seats to drinks. If you take it for what it is a method to get you from A to B fast and cheap Spirit Airlines is an excellent choice."
"Verified Review | I had many doubts about Spirit in the past. What I heard versus what I received were two completely different things. My experience was completely positive. Professional crew, clean aircraft and on-time boarding and early arrival at BWI. Although I didn't fly regular class, I flew on the Big Front Seat because I'm very tall (it's an awesome upgrade, by the way), I would definitely fly them again. The only thing I'd advise against is bringing your boarding pass on your phone. It is difficult to scan at TSA and at the gate. You can probably just ask the ticket desk to print one if you showed them you tried with the phone. That way you don't get stuck with the printing fee."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Fort Lauderdale return via Chicago and all of it was beyond great. I enjoyed the flight attendant on the last flight she was so entertaining and I just wanted to share that. I don't fly often but I sure hope if and when I do again I get someone equally as fun as her it just makes the whole process so much more enjoyable and my daughter is still laughing about how she told us to be careful when getting the luggage out of the overhead compartment because \"shift happens\". Thanks again we are looking forward to our next adventure and we will be using spirit I just know"
"Verified Review | Baltimore Washington to Orlando return.I loved Spirit Airlines. Everything went well, flight was ontime, Customer Service agent and crew are nice and friendly. They do not even check how big is your bag due to both my sons had a very large backpack. I understood the seat is not comfortable but you pay is a less expensive fares unless if you want comfortable so just pay more fares then. I would recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Dallas Fort Worth. This was my first time flying Spirit Airlines. I was a bit hesitant flying with them since I had read the reviews online, but I still took the risk. I had a good experience, the restrooms were clean. I was in LA for 5 days and I was able to fit all of my belongings in the personal bag were allowed which is pretty big. (I took a duffle bag). There is enough space in your seats to stretch your legs out , there is no tv or wifi. But that doesn't bother me. This airline is great to get you from point A to point B. I will be flying spirit again saved me about $160. I flew with 3 other people and we did not purchase seats so we automatically thought we were not going to sit together, but we all ended up sitting together. So I did not pay for seats nor my personal bag."
"Verified Review | Route: Baltimore to Chicago / Return From Chicago to Baltimore (no connections). Aircraft: Airbus A320. The airplane was very clean and well maintained. Seats: I am 6' 1\" tall. The seats had 28\" pitch but were very comfortable. The seats do not recline, which is fine by me. In seating with larger pitches that recline, when the passenger in front of you reclines the seat invades your space and makes for a cramped feeling, forcing you to also recline to gain back the space. With Spirit, since the seats do not recline, the closer pitch (space between the seats) is actually more comfortable. Leg room is still adequate, and I can cross my legs, etc. 2 extra inches of leg room simply does not compensate for the person in front of you reclining his seat back into your face. In addition, a great many of higher priced airlines have equal seating pitch to Spirit. I have to rate overall seat comfort on Spirit as superior to most other higher priced airlines for economy classes. Inflight Entertainment: None - but I have flown more expensive airlines with the same amenities, that is, none. Today, fliers are becoming more reliant on their smart phones and notebook computers, and do not use inflight entertainment. I did not notice onboard electrical outlets on my flight (but did not look for them), so make sure your personal devices are charged when you get onboard. Ground Service: Efficient. The personnel behind the baggage drop at Baltimore were professional and efficient. They were not chipper and friendly, but it was 4.35am, so I will cut them some slack. The personnel at Chicago were efficient, professional, and had a positive demeanor at 6.35am. Flight Crew: Outstanding. They were efficient, courteous, and had a great sense of humor while maintaining great professionalism. They actually got me to pay attention to the inflight safety demonstration which I have not done in decades. We arrived in Chicago 30 minutes early, and communications from the flight deck was outstanding. Inflight Service: Prompt and efficient. Yes, water, sodas, and coffee costs $2.00, and they do not give you a small bag of peanuts or pretzels. But you can bring your own, if you like. However, beer, wine, liquor, and onboard snacks are less expensive than most higher priced airlines I have flown on recently by a dollar or two. Boarding and Deplaning: This I really liked. Many people complain they have to pay for carry-on baggage. This is because all airlines have, for quite a while now, forced passengers to pay for checked baggage. Spirit does, too, and more than most airlines, plus the weight limit is only 40lbs, so be careful. Spirit also makes passengers pay for carry-on bags. The difference in costs, however, is small, so most passengers just go ahead and pay to check baggage. The great thing is, with no carry-ons to stick in the overhead compartments, people just walk on to take their seats, and walk off, with no waiting for people to fiddle with their luggage. It's how flying used to be. Overall: This airline is not for everyone. It is not for people with lots of luggage. It does not have alliances with other carriers, so if there are problems, they cannot transfer your booking and you are stuck. It is not for people who do not expect, understand or accept the concept of low priced carriers and the a la carte paying structure. Most of the problems I see in reviews I have experienced with other airlines that put an extra zero on my airfare."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Spirit Airlines from Las Vegas to Baltimore and I was nervous to say the least because of all the bad reviews and horror stories about this airline. My experience was excellent. I already knew I had to pay for my bags so I did that online to save money. I printed my own boarding pass. So once I got to the airport I didn't have any issues whatsoever. The flight was on time to and from my destination. I even purchased the big seats so I was comfy. To me they're cheaper even with having to pay for bags and seats. I would fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Dallas. I am writing this review to counteract the bad ones. We had no problems flying from O'hare to DFW and back. In fact, the aisles are wider and I had more leg room than on other airlines because I sat in the emergency row. No one likes fees and free pretzels would have been nice but I survived. The service was comparable to United or Delta. Pleasant and nice. In fact, our flight arrived early at the destination and the terminal was still full from another plane. There was around a 10 minute delay because they let 4 people on the plane late! Wow! I am applying for a credit card which gives you a free flight from the beginning. I'm not sure if we got really lucky but would fly again. Maybe the new CEO is turning everything around."
"Verified Review | Newark to Orlando. I read the reviews and personally was wondering what I got myself into. I guess that I was one of the lucky ones. My flight left on time, arrived early and my bag which I thought may need to be paid for was accepted no problem. The seats weren't luxurious but I wasn't expecting that anyway. The staff was friendly and professional. My only surprises were that I had to pay extra for my seat after my original purchase and had an issue with pre check in (in my 50s so that may have played a part). I would choose them again!"
"Verified Review | Before booking my flight from Atlanta to Chicago with Spirit I checked reviews and there was 98 percent bad and 2 percent good. I was very hesitant to book, but I did and have no regrets. Spirit is upfront at the beginning that your ticket includes you and 1 small personal item. I see so many people complaining about no inflight entertainment, and paying for food? What? It's a flight, not a all inclusive resort. It's intended to get you to and from your destination. Overall I had absolutely no problems flying with Spirit and will continue to keep flying with them."
"Verified Review | Our family flew Spirit round trip from Niagara Falls, NY to Orlando FL. Given the numerous concerns about this airline I had to make some comments. Being our first time using this airline, we had a very normal experience. As with any budget airlines you clearly know going in the cost and just need to be care and plan ahead. Even paying for our baggage both ways, as well as reserving seats so our family could sit together we saved hundreds of dollars. While our flight to Orlando was slightly delayed (we've been delay or had flights cancelled at the last minute with other more popular airlines - which seems to be the norm these days), our return flight home was on time. We received several emails regarding our flight status both ways. While you have to pay for baggage, including typical carry-ons that can be stored overhead, Spirit does allows one small carry on at no cost. Regular size backpacks were no problem. We found the flight attendants pleasant and attentive. They understand the seats are a bit narrow, especially for taller, long legged passengers. When they could, they encouraged people to move into areas of the plane that had more leg room. Given the high cost of air travel this summer, we would have no reservation taking Spirit again. It was well worth the cost."
"Verified Review | Our Spirit flight from San Diego to Cabo was delayed by over 2 hours. We were told the pilot was held up at another airport. We were not happy and had to wait in the airport for several hours since we had arrived early. However, after finally getting in our flight I was super pleased with how fast they got everyone seated. The flight attendants were friendly and funny. Even better the next day we got an email with a $50 voucher per family member. I would definitely fly Spirit Airlines in the future"
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Dallas. Despite many terrible reviews, my experience was excellent. We booked one-way tickets more than a week in advance. We brought a small backpack each as our personal bag. It cost 2 adults less than $120 in total to fly from Minneapolis, non-stop, to Dallas. 2 hours and 28 minutes. We left late but arrived on time. Yes, they charge you for water, a \"reserved\" seat, carry-ons (rather pricey if you don't pay in advance), and other things people apparently think they are entitled to. How does one truly think these \"entitlements\" are paid for? These guys are in a for-profit business, just like Delta. Except Delta and the others just bury your entitlements in your (far more costly) ticket price. We got home in under 2.5 hours for less than the price of enough gasoline to drive that same thousand miles. I'm with Spirit every chance I get!"
"Verified Review | I'm really surprised with all the bad reviews, I had a really good experience with Spirit Airlines flying from Chicago to Dallas, flights were on time and checking my bags was fast and easy. All personnel were friendly and they definitely make your flight smoother. Airplane was almost new, nice and clean, a lot of people complain about seats being small and not able to recline but hey you're not going to get first class if you're paying the cheapest price. I have no complaints at all."
"Verified Review | We were so pleased with this Spirit flight from Dallas to Oakland. I was hesitant to book with them, because of all of the nasty reviews, however when you're on a budget, you really just have to hope for the best. I will just list the pro's and con's so this review is easier for people to breeze through. Pro's: Super friendly service, even at 05.00 in the morning. Waiting to check-in our luggage was the fastest I've experienced. As long as you have your boarding passes printed out and you are organized, 10 minutes tops for checking in the luggage. The plane was clean. The flight attendants were nice and pretty much just left you alone unless you needed something. 2 free checked bags, 1 free carry on for DOD and Service members! Con's: The seats on the airplane do not recline. The seats were not overly comfortable and you do have minimum space, but for the price, I'm not going to complain. You have to pay if you want to sit together. But 8-10 bucks per person still didn't have the total come even close to other airlines tickets. They only fly out of certain airports. For us, that adds on a 2.5 hour drive, but again 1/4 tank of gas one way and visiting a friend is not really a con. Would we rather drive 1 hour to the Austin Airport, sure, but them I'm paying at least 150.00 more per ticket. We will continue to use Spirit as long as there is a airport they travel too!"
"Verified Review | Atlantic City to Tampa. Myself and my children just had the smoothest flight ever. Flight 341 from Atlantic City to Tampa was amazing. The leg room on our plane wasn't an issue this time and the flight crew give a free flight away to a passenger in row 21. Thank you for the wonderful flight."
"Verified Review | We were very nervous to have had to fly Spirit Airlines with the reviews being what they were but to our delight we had a great trip flying from Orlando to Ft Lauderdale via Punta Cana! The planes we had were clean and on time and their attendants were super friendly. I did see some people give the gate lady a hard time because the flight was sold out and they had been on standby but to my knowledge no one was booted off. We did have to pay for snacks and drinks but whatever flying is expensive and I can accept paying 20$ for some popcorn and drinks. You ever go to a movie theater? Same thing. Needless to say we had a great time and Spirit got us to and from safely and happily. I would use them again. Their on board attendants were hilarious. The only thing I would change is maybe having more snacks to choose from."
"Verified Review | I was expecting the worst possible case scenario when going from Seattle Los Angeles while flying with Spirit Airlines for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised as to how easy it was. Yes you dont get a free drink or peanuts but who really needs that anyways when you can bring on your own snacks. You have to calculate how much the extras will charge you when booking a flight with Spirit vs what another airline. The cost of the flight itself, the cost of a checked in bag vs carry on, print off your own boarding pass so it does not cost you an additional charge, plan on grabbing a drink and a snack prior to boarding so you dont pay the cost for a drink or snacks on the flight because they are not free and you will be fine. I will be flying with them again knowing how rude the customer service will be."
"Verified Review | I recently flew Spirit airlines and given all of the reviews I read prior to my experience, I felt compelled to share my feedback. Firstly, I chose Spirit because I was looking for an economy airline. I went into the experience with eyes wide-open. I knew that Spirit's business model was \"a la carte\" so to speak - baggage, seat selection, priority boarding, boarding pass printing, in-flight snack at an additional cost above the base price. Spirit did not disappoint. My family had a wonderful experience. I started my trip from CLE (Cleveland) to MCO (Orlando). Although my flight was late departing, Spirit kept us informed, unlike many airlines. From MCO, my husband and I flew to FLL (Ft. Lauderdale). The most impressive part of that trip was that Spirit was facing delays due to crew scheduling, however they mitigated the issue by using the same flight attendants from the inbound flight instead of waiting for the originally scheduled flight attendants to arrive. How many airlines do you know that would do that to keep a flight on time? Exemplary service! Then, on our flight back home the handle on my daughter's rolling backpack was broken. She took it into the office at baggage claim and immediately, no questions asked, they offered her a bag replacement and mileage for the hassle. Again, how many airlines do you know who even cover bag damage when it's a handle, wheel or even a tear. For all those Spirit nay-sayers, stop complaining about the \"a la carte\" fees. The airline is founded on those principles. If you want everything included, use one of the high priced airlines. You won't get better service and you'll pay more. If that's your goal, then go for it. If you want an airline who's focused on providing stellar service for an economical price, I'd highly recommend Spirit."
"Verified Review | My family and I had a great experience with Spirit flying from Los Cabos to San Diego, we followed all instructions which were sent in emails prior to our flight. I pre purchased our checked bag fees, pre printed our boarding passes, arrived early to the airport. Everything was wonderful! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the plane were nice and comfortable. So we had to purchase our beverages, no big deal, it was a short flight. Thank you for the inexpensive and great experience!"
"Verified Review | The flight crew were hilarious and welcoming. The in-flight food and beverages affordable. This airline encourages minimalism and I have no issue with that. I flew from NYC to Orlando for $102 round trip. A slight delay coming back due to weather and received vouchers via email with an apology. I recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Dallas to New Orleans. Very happy with this airline and prices! I made sure to carefully read all guide lines and had no issues. I was able to get a big comfortable chair for $30 more and it was awesome. Will book again and even debating on their $9 fare club. Wish they offered flights to Europe."
"Verified Review | Niagara Falls to Myrtle Beach. I have flown with Spirit over the past 24 months and not experienced any problems. The booking process was easy, I paid for what I wanted and nothing more. I like the bare fare and add what you need style of booking.The pricing is exceptional compared to other airlines. The planes are new, clean and crew have been exceptionally friendly. Every flight I have been on has been booked full, left on time and arrived on time. I fly to Myrtle Beach SC and to Orlando FL from Niagara Falls, NY The only downside with Spirit Airlines is if there are delays they do not have a standby flight readily available for you to take. They do offer vouchers, hotel stays etc to make up for any delays or cancellations. I am sure that this is something the airline is working to improve on. If you understand the \"ala carte\" booking approach with Spirit Airlines you will appreciate their process of saving you money! I would not hesitate to recommend this airlines to anyone!"
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Denver. I have read a lot of bad reviews of this airline. What people have to remember is this is a budget airline. Spirit Airlines is very clear about their charges, so you know going in that any extras are going to cost. The fees are clearly stated. Spirit lists their prices as \"bare fare\" and you have the choice at time of booking to add extras you want. When I need to book a flight, I pack light so I am not charged a carry on fee, I check in online so I don't pay a check in fee and I make sure I am not going to have any changes to my tickets. The only extra I pay for is the extra roomy seat, which is very comfortable. I eat a good healthy meal before I board so I am not hungry. Preparation is the key to flying a budget airline."
"Unverified | I flew from Chicago to Boston yesterday. When I booked the flight with Spirit, through a third party website, I didn't realize that you had to pay for carry on luggage. You're allowed one small personal item, and I was bound and determined to make it work. So I bought a small backpack and a space bag. I'm only here for a week and have access to a washer and dryer, so I didn't really need that many clothes. Once I vacuumed the air out of the bag it held four outfits and two sets of pajamas, as well as bras underwear and socks. I was also able to pack makeup, medicines and personal care items. I still can't believe how much I was able to fit into that bag. My round trip ticket was $160, so I decided to upgrade to a bigger seat in the front of the plane, and I was so glad I did. It only cost $30 extra each way, which still made the trip very affordable the staff was courteous and friendly, it left on time and even arrived a little early. From all the reviews I had read before this trip I was dreading the travel, but I had no problems whatsoever and would definitely use this airline again in the future."
"Verified Review | Hartford to Myrtle Beach. I was very hesitant and nervous after reading so many bad reviews about Spirit Airlines, but I can't say our trip was anywhere near horrible. From check in to landing at our destination everything went smoothly and the staff was exceptional. Moral of the story don't believe everything you read!"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. After reading bad reviews I was expecting the worst flight experience ever. But that wasn't the case. Check in & boarding was smooth. We left and arrived on time. The flight crew was really nice and professional. The plane was clean. The seats was Ok. Overall I had a comfortable and good experience. Coming back home was also smooth. Only thing I didnt really like was the $50 check bag fee, but I would definitely book with Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Oakland via Los Angeles. I had a very awesome experience flying with Spirit with my family, 2 adults and 2 toddlers. I was skeptical at first but since we were on a budget and would like to bring kids out to west coast so we decided to give it a try. Since we paid $370 for four of us from Baltimore to Oakland so we didn't expect anything fancy but they exceeded our expectations. Their website is clear and let us know what could add up and would be more charged but we still had option to go without paying more. They make it clear about check in and carry on bags fee, they always send reminders to let us know about size of free bag and time/gate changes. They surprised me by noticing me that I could check stroller and car seats for free and when we were boarding, they let family with young kids go first which I appreciate that too, on top of free personal items we were allowed to bring a diaper/food bag in for free too. The seats were good size with good leg room. I did not feel it too different from JetBlue, United or AA that I had experience with. All of my flights were on time and got to destinations early. Crews were friendly and helpful to us."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. My friend said her experience with Spirit was that it was safe and cheap, like flying a bus! I found her description to be accurate. Planning ahead is the key to saving money. A checked bag is affordable if you purchase when you book, but not at the gate. I can bring my own snacks and buy a soda at the gift shop. Our flight from Seattle to LAX was delayed an hour, but I wasn't notified until we checked in. Our flight home left on time and arrived 20 minutes early. The staff were helpful, and the lead flight attendant on the way back was hilarious. We did \"flight yoga\" stretches that ended with picking up any trash lying around. She ended with \"it stung a bit when Forbes rated us last in customer service, but we hope we made your flight a pleasant experience today\" The low price allowed me to spring my family out of rainy Seattle for a week in the California sun. I'd be willing to fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | New York to Dallas via Orlando. Had to make a couple of short trips internally in the US and found Spirit to be the most effective for scheduling. Had heard nothing about this airline save that the reviews about it were not kind. The reality is perhaps a bit different. Newark to Orlando was delayed by two hours but not fault of the airline. Bad weather. Uneventful flight. Orlando to Dallas was similar but on time. In both cases the airline charged for excess baggage which I knew about and also seat assignment. Typical of all LLC carriers. If you need to go from point A to B and bring your own snacks, then it's a cheap way of getting about the US. Don't expect AA standards and you won't be disappointed."
"Unverified | Boston to Fort Myers. Spirit is what it is! I hear a lot of complaints but if you know how to pack light, you don't care where you sit, bring your own empty water bottle (to fill once you get past security), bring your own bagel, sandwich, chips, cookies, nips etc) you can fly pretty darn cheap. For me it's just spending as little as possible to get from point A to point B and being able to go more often. I fly spirit and jet blue - most of the time they are on time and equally affected by weather they cannot predict or control. Read the fine print (it's quite bold and kinda funny). The staff has always been kind (and trust me, they put up with a lot of people who obviously don't read) and recently refunded me the seat selection cost on a flight my husband could not make (he cares where he sits). It's not for everyone, but it works for me!"
"Unverified | Spirit Air came in at $74.00 round-trip for a last-minute trip from San Diego to Las Vegas - assuming practically luggage-less, without stretching my legs or reclining, not consuming food or beverage. There are additional charges, though you could hardly call them hidden. If you fly Spirit Air, be sure of the sacrifices you will make, the possible inconveniences you could experience and the totality of what you are getting for your money. Included in your airfare is 1 carry-on item no larger than a small gym bag. Additional carry-ons and each piece of standard size/weight baggage must be paid for. Make your baggage reservations and pay the associated fee(s) online, when you buy your ticket. The per-bag fee can reach $100/each if you wait until check-in to deal with your luggage. Get your seat assignment then, too. You'll get charged a nominal boarding pass fee if you don't. Overcoats, purses, and laptop bags are considered single carry-on items. If you are taller/larger than average or pregnant, you will be extremely uncomfortable in economy class seating. There is little legroom, the seats are pretty close together and do not recline. There is no wi-fi, cellphone coverage, or inflight entertainment. Using Sprint Air to connect with a flight on another carrier is quite risky! If your Sprint Air flight is cancelled, or you miss a Sprint Air connecting flight you are screwed on many levels. Do not make alternative plans without knowing your entitlements. Everything you can demand will not likely be offered. If your flight is nonstop & under 4 hours, the money you save may offset the negatives. Especially if you don't have the luxury of advanced booking time or flexibility with travel dates 'cuz that's where larger carriers will gouge you. Investigate upgrading your seating class, plan ahead and look into their member club for additional savings and a more comfortable experience. Spirit Air has the cheapest 11th hour airfares and if unplanned or unbudgeted travel becomes necessary, the financial impact of that situation will be exponentially less."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach. I have read a lot of reviews and was concerned about utilizing Spirit Airlines however, I have to give them their Props! On March 14, 2017 when many of the major carriers cancelled their flights (due to a Nor'easter that ended up a dud) into Philadelphia, Spirit Airlines kept their flight on schedule and we were able to get into Philly when most carriers chose not to fly to Philly! Thank you Spirit! Please remember everyone, they are serious about the Bare Fare and they tell you all up front on their website and reservation information Exactly what you will get. Careful planning on your part will reduce a surprise later in your travel process. It is True the seats dont recline, there is No WIFI and you have to pay for any type of drink if you want it, also they do have very explicit baggage policies. However, their prices for airfare on a quick trip is something you cant beat! We had a great experience and will be happy to fly again with Spirit Airlines."
"Unverified | Houston to Phoenix. If you are looking for a good price on a flight less than 4 hours, and can live with the tight leg space for a short time, Spirit is your airline. I have flown roughly 20 short trips with them and never had a cancellation or delay. Don't complain about the baggage price, because it clearly list the prices when you are booking. $35 a bag is not terrible when your flight is $38.00. Yes, from Houston to Phoenix, round trip plus luggage- $146."
"Verified Review | Kansas City to Orlando. I fly all the time for work and usually fly American. Did not want to deviate but this was last minute travel. On top of the fact it was last minute; I flew with my three boys. Normally this is a set up for disaster but it started our trip off right. Plane was clean, staff was gracious and the ride was smooth. I was very impressed and will fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to San Diego. My second flight with Spirit Airlines. Staff courteous and professional. Still impressed with how quickly the boarding process occurs. As only 20% of passengers bring Roll A Boards on the aircraft the process is less than half the time of American or United which I flew on last week. Again, not certain why this company garners such negative reviews."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Orlando with Spirit Airlines. Overall, it exceeded my extremely low expectations. I knew what I was expecting when paying for bags, seating assignment etc as I read the fine print. I don't understand how people complain about paying for food and drink on the plane even though their policy is clear about this. Although I do think their charge for carry-on is outrageous ($35 for first one). As for the flight itself, we departed on time and arrived early. Gate agents seemed annoyed in general but I didn't have to interact with them. Flight attendants were really nice and had a good sense of humor. My only complaint was that during the second half of the flight, they tried to sell people their Spirit credit card and spent about 10-15 minutes talking about it over the intercom. Got really annoying and seemed tacky overall. Seats were comfortable for the first half but the inability to recline really bothered me. Overall, I was satisfied considering what I paid and what I expected and will fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Houston to Las Vegas. We were leery about flying Spirit because of some past experiences. When we looked for airline tickets to Vegas they were the only direct flight and the best priced. Since we were not on a tight schedule, we decided to fly them again. I must say we were pleasantly surprised with this flight. Both ways were spot on for time. I felt everything was well organized unlike some past experiences. I am hopeful that the issues we had originally were just \"growing\" issues. We are looking for airfare to Cabo San Lucas so I will be hunting reviews to see how well they are doing there."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Los Angeles. Read carefully and you won't be disappointed - I was pleasantly surprised! Price was right so I couldn't complain. First flight went so smoothly literally nothing went wrong. Flight back had a 30 minute delay but we were able to board the plane so we were fine. I would rebook with Spirit for domestic flights. Seats aren't the most comfortable for anyone above 5'5, I wouldn't do a long flight. But 4 hours was just fine. Only downfall is the bag fees. Other than that, definitely open to booking with Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Denver with Spirit Airlines. Pleasantly surprised. Clean and comfortable cabin along with professional attendants. Flights on time. Not certain why so many negative reviews. Spirit did a great job. Boarding is quick and the carry-on bags were not a nightmare unlike my last flight on United where everyone had an oversized Roll-a-Board, without the space to accommodate them all."
"Unverified | Boston to Fort Lauderdale. So after booking my flight people started telling me that I was crazy to fly Spirit Airlines. For several weeks I worried and to my amazement when it came time to fly I was pleasantly surprised. None of the complaints that I read about happened to us and it was one of the best experiences we had. The flight was great, our seats were comfortable, the pilot was making jokes over the speaker and the attendants were awesome."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Phoenix. No problems at all and both departure and arrival flight actually arrived early. Easy and quick online check in. Friendly service. We did pay extra to make sure we sat together and paid to check 1 bag, and paid extra for more leg room but still saved $400 flying with Spirit Air. I would much rather have the choice to pay for luggage or to buy a water for a small price than pay for an expensive flight and have so called \"free\" checked luggage or beverages. One flight did not have reclining seats and one flight did. All in all, very pleased."
"Unverified | Flight was early in both directions. Staff friendly. Luggage check and pickup smooth and fast. My ID along with credit cards fell out of my pocket during the return flight home. We arrived near midnight and didn't notice what was missing until getting to my car in the remote lot. By the time we were able to get back to the gate everything was closed. I called the next morning to the lost and found area they told me it was found and that they would send it FedEx. It was at my expense and I needed to set up an account which I did. I called back with the account number, and it arrived at my door the next day. Thanks for making a difficult situation better than it could be."
"Verified Review | I flew from Denver to Ft Lauderdale return with Spirit Airlines. I laugh about 1 star reviews, better sit at home in your air bubble and don't go anywhere. Everything was great from beginning. I am a foreign immigrant, English is my second language, but I can speak, read and write fluently. So, I go on website and read first what they say. You print your ticket home (it says a $10 charge otherwise). Check the size of the baggage, weight, checked bags, etc (if you want a deal, buy online or pay more). My plane A321 had \"big seats\", emergency exit seats and economy, so I paid extra $5 for emergency exit seat. Front desk was super friendly (Denver and FLL). Got baggage confirmation and info about my flight. Flight attendants all helpful, nice and polite. We had little delay (Denver) due to seat problem but we got full info and Captain said we will make it on time (we did). I would recommend Spirit Airlines to everyone. Tickets are cheap, this is all that I need. If you wanna full service, buy ticket from a different airline. You ll get your water, wifi, etc for double, if you can t handle flight between 2-4h."
"Verified Review | I had an excellent experience flying Spirit Airlines from La Guardia to Detroit roundtrip. My travel plans changed at the last minute, and the cost of the Spirit roundtrip was far less than the change fee Delta would have applied to my original ticket. Because I was traveling by myself on a short trip, it was easy to take just a personal item and to print my boarding pass at home--meaning I avoided any additional fees from Spirit. I was pleasantly surprised by the condition of the aircraft. The outbound was a very new-looking Airbus, while the return was another A320 with slightly older seats but refreshed interior. Frankly, the condition of both planes was far superior to my most recent flights on American and Delta. The seats themselves were fine for a flight less than 3 hours; I did not feel like I had much less legroom than the mainline carriers even with a 6' frame. The staff were also uniformly friendly. The usual caveats apply with Spirit - think about how much the ticket will cost if you need to check bags or bring carry-ons, recognize you'll have to pay more to reserve seats next to each other as a group, etc. I'm also lucky that I did not have to use Spirit's customer service during irregular operations. But for a domestic leisure trip, Spirit was great, and I would absolutely fly with them again."
"Verified Review | I was prepared for the worst having read the reviews and never having flown Spirit. Flew from Dallas Fort Worth to Cartagena, Columbia via Ft Lauderdale, FL. The price was less than half of the next cheapest fare even taking into consideration the charges for extra luggage. I was pleasantly surprised that everything went well and we arrived in Columbia on schedule. The plane was new, the seats had as much room as the American Airlines planes I usually take and the staff were friendlier than the average AA employee. The only hitch was that I didn't have a round trip tix and I was traveling international. I bought a return (super cheap even at the counter on the same day) and they warned me I only had 24 hours to cancel. I did so when I arrived at my destination and they refunded the ticket. All in all it was a very positive experience and I would fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | I bought round trip tickets on Kayak to Los Angeles from Kansas City. All my ticket options were really high except for Spirit. The reviews I had read were terrible, but it couldn't argue the price ($88 round trip). I did research and knew what I was getting into; charge for bags, no reclining seats, no wifi, no free food, etc. It truly was a \"no frill\" experience and I don't think a lot people with bad reviews realized this when they booked their flight. You are allowed one personal item, but for a quick five day trip, I had no problems fitting in all my clothes and bathroom stuff in a small duffle bag (pictures below). The staff on both flights were very friendly and the seats were comfortable. Food was available for purchase for people that wanted it. Overall, Spirit was perfect for me and my travel needs. Just know what you're getting into and have bags that are regulation (yet, even then, no one ever checked mine)."
"Verified Review | I heard a lot of negative things about Spirit and began doing my own investigation. Jan 1st I flew out of Chicago O'Hare to Fort Myers. For those wondering about personal item, I brought a backpack that was bigger than the dimensions and they didnt say a word, didnt even have to put in in the little measuring box. I got to my gate and waited to board, we boarded a little late because the flight coming into O'Hare was delayed. This did not effect our departure time. The seat really wasn't that bad, I am 6'4 and I flew 3 hours and was fine. We left on time and arrived to Ft Myers early. The staff was nice and I have no complaints. A week later I flew back to O'Hare from Ft myers. This time I had the same backpack as a personal item and a duffel bag as a carry on. Again, not a word was said about my backpack or duffel bag. Again, the flight left on time and was early again. The seats were fine. The staff was nice and it was a nice easy trip. Just know that you need to pay for your luggage and an exact seat if you want one. As well as the food. I will fly Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Spirit Airlines is exactly what it says. Less money more go. Although drinks and snacks are not included, this is not hidden from passengers. It's a no frills airline however we found them to be extremely helpful and accommodating. It was the airline out of the 4 airlines used on our trip that was actually on time and the airline staff were all lovely! The air hostess was hilarious! No entertainment needed. Great for a city break less cost equals more adventure at your destination."
"I have flown Spirit 2 times. Once Myrtle Beach to Laguardia for $49 and recently Fort Lauderdale to Laguardia for $62 this week. Talk about cheap - yes, on time - yes, both times. I read the fine print and had a bag that fit enough clothes for 4 days that fit under the seat in front hence no baggage fee. Printed boarding pass at home, no charge for that. I did purchase a seat FLL to LGA which was $9 extra because I didn't want to sit in the middle of a 3 seat aisle. Seats were comfortable, no need for recline for a 2.5 hour flight. Flight attendants were fine and plane was new. I can't understand all the negative reviews. If you follow their directions there are no surprises, just get on and get off. Will definitely use them again when I travel on their routes."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Boston. I read all of the negative reviews about Spirit Airlines not offering free drinks or snacks, WiFi free carry on bag, and a lot of other things included in normal airlines. They tell you upfront that everything is an add on. You pay for the flight only. I have flown with them several times and have had no issues with them. Yes the seats can be a little bit more comfortable but for the price paid it was what it was. I have no complaints. People want everything for free."
"Atlanta to Las Vegas. I admit that I was frightened to fly Spirit Airlines because of all of the reviews. Being that we booked through a travel agent I didn't do my research until after the trip was booked. I must say I was surprised. I was well aware of all the hidden fees. So I wasn't surprised about the bag fees, snack fees, seat fees, boarding pass fees etc. They tell you that you if you don't buy your seat they can't guarantee that you will sit next to your family. But if you are on the same reservation they will seat you with them. It is possible to get all of your clothing into the free bag without having to pay the bag fees. I'm talking up to 6 outfits plus 3 pairs of shoes. Regarding the food. You can take snacks on the plane. My party ate each time before we got on the plane so we were not hungry during the flight. The flight attendants were great. The check in staff was great. No problems at all. Both the planes to and from were clean and well kept. They looked brand new. All in all I will be flying with them again."
"Verified Review | After reading the reviews I thought that this would be a terrible flight with Spirit Airlines from Dallas to Philadelphia but I was pleasantly surprised. The leg room was fine and the non-stop flight was comfortable. I was happy with the price and I did not mind paying for my bag or my seat. If you don't mind an assigned seat you will not have to pay for your seat. I would happily fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Pretty nice price-quality ration. That is obviously made by means of operational cost reduction - less seat space in airplane, less space and personnel in a check-in area, more than modest gate space and convenience (e.g in Boston Logan Airport). All extra services like checked bag, carry-on bag are payable as extra. Limitation for the checked luggage weight is 40 pounds vs 50 pounds on other airlines. Our flight from Boston was delayed on 2 hours, but they were very polite regrets made and frequent updates of the delay status by email. Our pilots work on a route Boston- Detroit was very nice - smooth and gentle taking off, riding and landing. On another flight from Detroit to Boston there was funny and friendly pre-flight announcements made by the crew."
"Verified Review | Boston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. First off if you don't read the rules for Spirit, of course you'll be upset when you fly. I read the instructions like most people should do, and have no complaints about bag fees or any of the \"upcharges\" that everyone was complaining about. Went to Vegas out of Boston for 4 days, and packed 4 days worth of clothes, with dress shoes in a small, Samsonite bag that fit under the seat with room to spare. The flight attendants were very nice and accommodating, the terminal staff were normal (scanned ticket, hard to understand for announcements). Didn't expect luxury seats, which you won't get for the price of course. You have a very small folding tray on the back of the seat, and the seats aren't the best, but i've sat in worse. They don't recline (which I knew), and were hard to sleep in due to that. Aslong as you read and understand the rules, and don't have much to carry, then this flight will serve you just fine. The drinks / snacks aren't expensive at all, as I had 2 gin and tonics for $14, which is on par or cheaper than most bars."
"Verified Review | Dallas DFW to Orlando. We love Spirit Airlines. Cheap tickets and no hidden fees as long as you follow the rules. Seems to have the same leg room as other airlines. Food and beverages are provided for a fee. My family of 5 flew from Dallas to Orlando round trip with an included rental car for just $770 including all fees and taxes."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Oakland. You need to know the rules to avoid frustration and crazy high fees. Before you book read the rules and restrictions on the website to make sure it meets your needs. I traveled for a short weekend trip to SF for $68 round trip. This fare included only a small piece of hand luggage that must fit under the seat. A full sized carry on was an additional $35 each way at the time of booking, $50 each way at the gate before boarding begins, and $100 each way after boarding begins. You can see how if you dont do your homework beforehand it can get very expensive and lead to a lot of anger and frustration. I packed only a small backpack filled with a couple days worth of warm weather clothing so i did not have to pay for the privilege of using the overhead bins. Additionally if you want priority boarding, want to pick your seat, want a water or soda in flight, or check in at the airport (as opposed to online) then they will nickel and dime you to death. For my trip had I added a full sized carry on it would have been about the same as had i flown Southwest or one of the other airlines. I understood this and figured that $60 savings would be better spent at a nice dinner or two in the city. Another thing, the seats are tight, and if you let them pick your seat for free you are almost guaranteed a middle seat. I am a big guy (6'1 225) and prefer an aisle seat, but for an hour flight I sucked it up. The flight crew was friendly, helpful, and courteous. There was no one with tape measures out making sure bags met requirements, so im not sure how they police their carryone policies. This all being said, I knew what awaited me and was happy with the savings. For a short flight for a weekend trip it'd be fine. i dont think I could go cross country though."
"Houston to Cancun. I flew Spirit Airlines for the flight times I needed, not to be cheap. I paid for our checked luggage online, it was only $10 more than any other airline, upgraded our seats for an extra $100 and they were comfortable and roomy. We did not order food or drinks. I will fly them again. We still came out with less costs with the upgrades."
"Verified Review | I booked my first trip with Spirit Airlines and was worried about my decision given all the negative reviews. I can gladly say that I had a great experience with them. The biggest piece of advice has been repeated over and over, do a little research and know their pricing rules. Their website is easy to navigate and doesnt hide where the added costs can be incurred. To save a few bucks: 1) Pay in advance for your bags and pay attention to the sizes of each. Please, please do not wait until youre at the airport to decide you want more than just a personal item. 2) You can fit a lot into a bag that maximizes the free personal item size requirements. Use it! 3) Consider sharing a checked bag with your travel partner. Most airlines allow 50lbs for a checked bag, but Spirit is 40lbs. There is no weight limit on the free personal item, so put your heavier items in that bag to avoid being overweight on your checked bag. Careful about the liquid/gel allowances. 4) Dont bother with paying for seat selection unless you really need to. Check in online as early as you can, and chances are you will be seated next to your travel partner. If anything, someone could swap seats with you or you can handle a couple hours independently. 5) Dont pay for shortcut boarding. Youll get on the plane eventually and it will leave when everyone is on board. They do offer to board people traveling with small children or those requiring assistance first. 6) Print your own boarding passes. Most hotels offer a computer and printing station for your online check in boarding passes. 7) Bring your own snacks and an empty water bottle to fill at the airport. 8) Have a peek at the Contract of Carriage for anything that requires clarity and know what youre entitled to. Pay attention to 7.2.5. (page 18) for items that dont count towards carry on limits. What I liked about my trip: 1) The staff were all very friendly. Be kind and respectful and youll get it back. One flight attendant on the way back from LAS to DTW had a great sense of humour when making the overhead announcements. If anyone was rude, it was the airport staff at the security check. 2) Both flights left on time and arrived early. 3) Seats were comfortable (they dont recline) and the leg room was enough for me at 58. 4) No in-flight movie is no big deal. Bring your own entertainment or handle a couple hours without staring at a screen. 5) Other than the frills you know youre not getting, it was no different than flying with any other airline. Youre saving money. The only complaints I have are that: 1) I booked a package with Travelocity and was not given the option to pay for checked bags at the time of booking (which meant an extra $10 a bag when added later) 2) I had emailed to ask if mobile boarding passes were allowed (theyre not yet) and never received a response, but I did get an email asking me to do a survey about my satisfaction with their response to my question. Just like any other airline, flights get delayed or cancelled and baggage gets lost, but its about how the airline handles these situations that can affect my satisfaction with the airline (Ive waited 30 hours through 3 cancelled flights in a row with another airline before). From what the Contract of Carriage says, their compensation does not seem too different from what other airlines offer. As I have not experienced these issues, I would absolutely fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Flew Houston to Orlando. Having seen a couple of reviews I was anxious to say the least. However, the staff were great and the flight punctual. Yes, as with any \"no frills\" airline, you pay a premium for extras. However, by using your brains you can minimise these costs by a bit of planning. Several reviews mention the lack of reclining seats, for me this was actually a bonus, as I don't particularly appreciate having the seat in front of me reclined and restricting my space. The aeroplane was brand new and perfectly clean. In a nutshell, if you don't understand the \"no frills\" model, don't use Spirit; if you do, then they are perfectly OK."
"Ft Lauderdale to Orlando. I have flown this airline before and have been disappointed. However I had a morning flight from 7 AM to 8 AM. Needless to say it was flawless. The plane was already there and we actually took off five minutes early and arrived at our destination 10 minutes early - I was quite impressed. I know this is only one flight but still it was excellent."
"When we were looking for a cheap flight, it was impossible to beat the price, $200 roundtrip, with us paying for a suitcase in the ticket price. We had no problem with departing Cleveland or Las Vegas, both flights left on time, and landed when they were scheduled to. Seats and cleaniness were no different from any other flight I have flown before, is it first class seating, um no, but is it totally uncomfortable no. The most important thing to consider is read the print on the website before you book. Don't over pack (stay under 40 pounds on suitcase), print your boarding pass before you go to the airport (otherwise they will charge you $10 for each one), be prepared no WiFi - surprised since that would be a way to make more money for Spirit, so bring something to read or do, and buy a drink/food at the airport and carry it on the plane. All the Spirit airline employees we dealt with at both airports/ planes were all courteous and professional. Maybe we were fortunate on this trip with no problems, but no complaints here, and when you do a good job, you should get a pat on the back. All three of us agreed we would fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Las Vegas. The most efficient boarding and exit I have had on any airline. The flight staff was very friendly and accommodating. The seats were not bad at all for a short flight. I will fly them again! Both the departing flight and return flight were on time both take offs and landings were smooth. If you use your head and prepare for your flight there will not be problems. I cannot understand all the horrible reviews of this airline. Those people must not understand it's an economy airline and you literally get what you pay for."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Houston. I have not flown in many years, the seats were comfortable the crew was friendly, everything was extremely nice I will definitely fly Spirit again. Not only was the service superb but we landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule. I appreciate how I was treated on Spirit, having flown a competitors airline on the way back to Orlando was nowhere near the great experience I had."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Orlando. This was our first experience on Spirit and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. I will fly with them again. The baggage rules are extensive but they are in place to speed up the boarding process. If you want a drink you pay for it, just like any restaurant. Staff was courteous and Interactive. The plane was clean and in good working order. Overall completely satisfied with my trip."
"I see people complaining about the cost of added baggage and the no frills aspect. I flew from Houston to Minneapolis non stop for $128 plus the $25 carry on charge both way, so round trip was $180. The cheapest frills flight was $762 bucks. I am sorry but for a 2.5 hour flight I can handle some rudeness (Which didn't happen) and some discomfort (only slightly less comfortable that Delta or AA) I am 6'1\" and 270 lbs and was fine. Feel free to pay a bunch extra for the other airlines, your choice. If any other airline was with 25% of Spirit would I fly them? Possibly, but in this case I will take just about any inconvenience except delayed flights to save $500."
"Verified Review | All the additional fees are clearly stated before you purchase tickets! It's a \"bare fare\", if you want luxury - buy tickets for a triple price from different airline. I was more than satisfied with our flight from Atlanta to Boston, and back. The flights were on time, arriving even earlier than anticipated. Customer service was superb, flight attendants cracking jokes, very courteous. I have read the bad reviews before our trip and was afraid, but decided that financial benefit in my situation is bigger than bad reviews. I would fly Spirit Airlines with no hesitation next time. Great job! I am sorry people cannot read what is included and what is not, and complain about their own mistakes. The one and only note - the seats are uncomfortable."
"Atlantic City to Montego Bay via Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. I had heard terrible things about Spirit but I can said our flights were great. I was nervous but the price was good and our hotel was very expensive so we wanted to save. We booked early, and we paid for our bags early. We took our own snacks. We were only 5 minutes late arriving and on time returning home August 22nd. The only down part was our long lay over in Florida but going home it was much needed because we didn't go through customs until we reached Florida. Great job"
"Myrtle Beach to Baltimore before taking this flight I had never heard of Spirit Airlines. But every time I told someone I had reservations with Spirit they rolled their eyes. It was a great flight. My girlfriend and her son were on board too. It was his first time flying and he loved it. On the way back one of the F/A's was particularly nice. It was a great end to a fabulous vacation."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Boston to Dallas. I will admit I was very nervous to fly the airline with all the reviews I had read especially thinking I would be getting on their ugly yellow bus plane, but my family ended up on one of the white ones with blue tail. We did leave 2 hours late, but I did know that early in morning so we just didn't rush to airport and had time to eat before. The cons - uncomfortable seats that don't recline and very narrow aisle which is tough trying to get to the bathroom, no WiFi, no movies and no freebie snacks. The Pros - The smoothest flight I've been on in a long time. Good take off and landing. The flight attendants were friendly and funny. Would I be so lucky to have the same experience if I chose to fly them again? Not sure, but thought it was only fair to them to give them some good feedback that they deserve."
"Verified Review | I completely understand the negative reviews of Spirit but, if you want to save money, actually understand the rules, and are willing to deal with tight seating, mediocre customer service, and a spotty on-time record, Spirit might work for you. Anything other than a personal item will cost you extra. This is very clearly explained when you're booking. Deal with it. Seating is tight and not particularly comfortable. This is also explained during booking. Deal with it. If you need overhead space, pay to board early or take your chances. This isn't rocket science. Aside from potentially saving some serious cash, the biggest perk on Spirit is the credit card application deal they offer on some flights. Fill out a credit card app in-flight and you get a 2,500 mile voucher for free. That's good for a free one-way flight. It's not for everyone, but if you play your cards right, Spirit can definitely work out for you."
"I took Spirit now for the second time in three months flying from Los Angeles to LAX to Phoenix. I have not had an issue with them. I really enjoy the Big Seat option. It was only a small upgrade to get it. The price for this ticket was well worth it. Plane was on time both ways. Staff were friendly."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Oakland via Los Angeles. I am not made of money and look for the best deal on all airlines. This is my 3rd time flying Spirit and I actually enjoy this airline. I just took a trip with 18 friends, 12 on Spirit and the others on SWA. The SWA flight was delayed leaving NOLA, landed in San Diego - cancelled flight and had to spend most of the night in at airport. The 12 of us made it to Oakland, on time and hassle free. Same situation coming home, it was easy. Yes, we did experience a delay and sat for one hour before take off, but what airline does not experience the same issue? I dislike that you have to pay to carry a \"larger\" item on to the plane. In most cases, I have never paid to take a carry on and just walk right on. Let them select your seat, and you just need to say \"NO\" to all extras to continue with your reasonably priced ticket. So what if you have to pay for water or a coke? If that is all you have to complain about, then pay a few hundred dollars extra and fly another airline. I just refuse to let someone dig as deep as possible into my pockets for the same service."
"Verified Review | My friend and I recently traveled with Spirit Airlines from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. Before departure I read some reviews about the airline and became worried about the type of service we would receive. Contrary to the numerous negative reviews, by experience with Spirit was very nice. A round trip ticket from Minneapolis to Los Angeles was around $150 for myself. Charging $55 for a carry on bag seemed steep, but in the long run it was more cost effective than purchasing a normal ticket from a different airline. The seats didn't recline, but it was only a three hour trip so it wasn't bad. Since the seats didn't recline I didn't have to worry about having less leg room because of the person sitting in front of me. There were no in-flight movies or food, but on other airlines half of the time the movies don't work and the food is terrible. Spirit does have food for purchase in-flight, but I chose to purchase food at the airport before we left. Our in-flight crew was wonderful, and one of the members did a funny skit about how to properly use the bathroom and how to behave while sitting in our seats (some people even clapped when he was done). Our flight out departed at the right time (which has not happened with other airlines that I have flown!). Our flight back departed an hour and a half late, but more often than not delays are due to air traffic control. If you are looking for a cheap flight, and your flight time is not very long, I would highly recommend using Spirit Airlines. Be sure to either purchase your carry-on baggage online when you book your tickets, or when you print your boarding pass at the airport check-in terminal. I paid $55 for my carry-on when I printed my boarding pass during check-in. If you reach the gate without paying for you carry-on you may be charged up to $100. Plan ahead, download some music and movies onto your phone/iPod, and your flight with Spirit will be just fine."
"I flew from Baltimore (BWI) to Boston (BOS). I would recommend flying with Spirit, only if you are travelling alone and going for a short duration flight (maximum of 2 hours). The seat is so uncomfortable, it does not recline, we have to sit erect throughout the flight. Water costs $3. But, besides that: Cabin crew were friendly, the plane was clean, take off and landing was smooth. I think, the price worth it. But, I would not recommend flying with Spirit if its price is relatively closer with other airlines."
"Houston to San Pedro Sula with Spirit. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Spirit if you can read, follow directions, and have some patience you can have a decent experience. I found some things confusing, like the 9$ fare but I'm not a frequent flyer so I really don't think this will benefit me. Other than that I knew enough to understand that I had to pay extras for almost everything. It still came out to be a lot, yes a lot, less than other airlines. After reading all the bad reviews I decided to give it a try. To be on the safe side I also purchased the \"insurance\" just in case. All went well. I checked in online, printed my passes, showed up early to drop my bags off, got through TSA then waited. Boarded the plane, which by the way looked brand new, found my seat which was plenty roomy, aisle was even larger than other planes. Got where I needed to go with no fluff - just the way I like it. Now I hope my return flight will be the same. If not I'll be right back here letting you know. Really though, if you can follow directions then you will be just fine flying Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | I have been a Spirit $9 fare member for several years and have had no problems, I fly from LAX to DTW a couple times a year to see family. Yes a couple of times they weren't on time but never over a half hour late. I flew this past Saturday June 25. the 8.15pm flight, it was a new plane, very nice and yes you should know that Spirit seats do not recline but for 4-4.5 hr flights that is no problem. I always check my bags for $21 and my carry on is free that I put under the seat and I carry my purse. The flight attendants kept checking on people and they asked me twice if I wanted more ice for my drink."
"Verified Review | People who complain about Spirit are people who are looking for a full flying experience. Spirit was cheap, and if you properly take your time to read, you would see that if you pay online for your checked bag or carry on you save money and if you print out your boarding pass at home takes 2 minutes and saves money. Take an empty water bottle if you don't want to pay $3 for water. You don't have to pay for a seat if you let Spirit randomly assign where you sit when you print out your boarding pass. I fly alone so this isn't a problem. And if you want to sit beside a friend/family member, seats are only $8 to guarantee you sit together. Unless you are a very tall or wide person, the seats are completely fine. There's no movies or Wifi but take a book to read or play a game on your phone. The plane was extremely clean, the staff was friendly and willing to help, flights were on time - some even leaving a little early. Boarding was pushed back slightly but the plane still departed on time (actually a few minutes early). Bottom line: if you are looking for a cheap and clean way to get from point A to point B, I 100% recommend flying with Spirit."
"I steered clear of Spirit Airlines for years due to the bad reviews. However, I needed a flight at a fairly reasonable cost for this trip. Absolutely no problems with my trip from Las Vegas to Minneapolis. Although I was over my baggage limit flying out of Las Vegas, the agent was kind and friendly. I am disabled and was provided the utmost in service. I did notice however a few of their flights were cancelled when I got to the gate. No reason was given but I hoped it was not mine. Otherwise, clean planes, pretty modern and newer, not much seat room but if you fly Allegiant it's the same. You pay for a soda and Chex mix but not an issue with me. All in all I would fly again with Spirit."
"Myrtle Beach to Chicago with Spirit Airlines. I flew with my 3 teenagers and had a fantastic flight. The staff on the plane were fun and friendly. I got a great deal on my airfare and the flights were on time. My teens and I didn't care about legroom or soda, so I was grateful that we didn't have to pay for these items in our fees. I'm planning on flying Spirit in the future."
"Verified Review | On the 29th May I flew from Los Angeles (LAX) to Portland (PDX) with Spirit Airlines on an A319. Before I flew, I saw many reviews from other passengers that flew with the airline before, and I was expecting the worst, but they surprised me. The airplane was very clean and neat, also the crew were fantastic and enthusiastic, we took off on time. In addition it only took 1.50 hours from LAX to PDX instead of the 2.30 hour usual flight time. I can add that although it has 28 inches of pitch, seats were comfortable."
"Verified Review | This is an all economy airline and if you want anything more you have to pay for it. This airline doesn't make you pay for a share of those seats that are in first class because there is no first class. There isn't a lot of room for seating, hardly any padding in the seats and they don't recline. If you want to snack on the plane you better bring it with you or whip out your credit card cause they don't take cash. The flight attendants were nice and helpful and the flight from San Jose to Houston was uneventful. I don't need all the frills the other airlines offer so for me its just a way to get from point a to point b. Next time I fly with them I will bring something to pad the metal bar in the seat back. We checked our bags and we had to wait probably 15 or 20 minutes longer than what we consider usual after going through customs and immigration."
"Verified Review | A quick one day business trip to New York, turned out to be an involuntary two day trip, due to a cancelled flight as a result of mechanical problems. While every one else will probably blame the airline for poor service, I would actually like to commend them. As a budget airline, they did far more than I would have expected them to do. They had around 200 irate customers to deal with, but they handled each and every one with respect and the utmost of patience, even though a lot of frustration bubbled over at times. Yes, the line was long and the wait even longer, but that was more the fault of each passenger taking time to decide. The outcome was that they provided me with a hotel room, a return transfer to the hotel plus food vouchers. All of these by far surpassed the value of my very basic fare ticket. They did this with a smile and a desk team that stayed on until every single passenger had been accommodated. Airlines all have the same functions, but what distinguishes one from the other is how they deal with problems. For me, Spirit deserves a 10 out of 10 for the way they handled this situation. People often lose perspective - you choose Spirit because you want an affordable option between point A and B. Technical problems happen. Delays happen. And yes, you pay for every extra bit. That is good though, because it puts the choices back into our hands, as the consumer. I would use them again."
"Houston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. I love Spirit - great prices and nonstop flights. Great customer service. Flights usually on-time. The food menu is basic and the seats do not recline but for the price no complaints. Me and my family are proud members of Spirit and don't fly with no other companies."
"Houston to San Diego return with Spirit Airlines. I was very worried at first about flying Spirit but after I had taken the first time I was satisfied. The flight attendants were good going to and from our destination. On our way home, a lady had a crying baby and they were helping the mom to keep the baby entertained and giving the baby things to play with. Custumer service at the ticket booth in San Diego were nice and helpful. Only 1 staff member in Houston had a poor attitude but other than that overall experience was great."
"Verified Review | Flew Baltimore to Detroit. Spirit Airlines is not all that bad. People just aren't doing their research before flying. Yes there are a lot of extra fees but you have to calculate if they are worth it. The cheap ticket is worth the flight of you calculate how much in total it will be with the bags. Print your tickets at home as well. The leg room is not all the bad and I am 6 foot 2 inches tall. Know the fees and calculate the total price and then fly. This airline can be really good if you know what you are doing."
"Dallas Ft Worth to Los Angeles. I had never traveled with Spirit Airlines, maybe because I didn't give myself the opportunity to, but I'm glad I did. I can't thank you enough for the awesome price, comfort and friendliness of everyone. Captains and staff were so professional and kind and very helpful."
"Portland to Phoenix via Los Angeles. It's a shame more people do not read the website prior to booking this airline. We have been flying Spirit Airlines recently and have educated ourselves on how to fly with them. We have found them efficient, affordable and the most friendly airline we have ever used. We have traveled extensively throughout the years and our prior airline of choice was Alaska. Not anymore. We travel more often now (due to the affordability) and have yet to experience anything but exceptional care - but, you must read their website so you fully understand what this great airline is truly about!"
"Chicago Midway to San Diego. Despite warnings about service, amenities, etc, I had an overall great first flight with Spirit. The online booking experience was straightforward: what you agree to is what you got, no deviations. The flight crew was satisfactorily attentive without being either super sweet or unnecessarily salty. The seating is really tight (I'm barely 5' tall on a good day, and I felt scrunched with minimal leg room); our return gate at O'Hare was switched in mid-air to a tarmac entrance and there was no in-cabin announcement about the change (what good does a text alert do if you can't read it because by necessity your device is in airplane mode?) - it was about 40 degrees outside and blustery to boot, plus (and this is the worst) there was no apparent readily available accommodation for anyone in a wheelchair either off the plane or into the terminal after disembarking, the random seating algorithm might need re-coding because I got perfectly primo seats on packed flights both ways (14A leaving and 15A returning) though I was in \"Zone B\" and \"Zone C\" respectively. So, even with a couple question marks involved, for no-frills value with a capital V, Spirit worked for me."
"Las Vegas to Kansas City return on Spirit Airlines. I was very nervous to fly, but pleasantly surprised! The flight out was perfect, no wait time, employee's were the best, I couldn't ask for better. The flight home was delayed due to weather, clearly not their fault, but when we could go, they got us on quickly and got taken off immediately. I cannot say enough good things. The only thing I would've changed is the seats, they could've been a little bigger, but I paid $160 for 2 roundtrips, so I can't complain. On a side note, I met an awesome couple going to Vegas for the first time, if they by chance read this I wanna give them a shout out. Thank you Spirit for helping this very nervous mom with a 14 year old flying for the first time. We'll be using you again!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Houston with Spirit. Flight was on-time, aircraft was clean and only a few minor hiccups. Our plane arrive 15 minutes late, but the crew made up most of the delay in turn-around time and flight time. Cabin crew was pleasant but the new normal of salty at best. Companies should be ashamed of how they \"beat down\" their employees, any cabin crew over the age of 30 have been salty to say the least. Only oddity was the lavatory sink was inoperable so a little box of sanitizer wipes was there instead - hilarious."
"I purchased 2 round trip Spirit Airlines tickets from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Florida for our two sons on break from college. The trip went perfectly. You can the view the flight status for all flights leaving and going to the same route as yours and that day there were 6 flights in total. ALL were in the air no later than 15 minutes of schedule and all landed right about on time. They accepted both son's back packs as a free carry-ons. One measured 18x15x10, the other was bigger at 22x16x8. I read one complaint that a woman tried to bring a laptop bag and a large purse and they charged her for the purse and she blamed the airline - it was her fault for not reading the fine print. The airline saves you a lot of money but there are significant up-charges if you don't read the fine print. Purchase your assigned seats at booking or you won't sit next to each other. I did ($52 total for two tickets round trip). If you don't, you'll pay double. Print your free boarding pass. If you don't, you'll pay $25 per ticket. Pay for any luggage at time of booking. If you don't, you'll pay $100 per bag. That's how they make money. But if you do your homework, you can keep that money in your pocket."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. I was skeptical to fly Spirit due to reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. It exceeded my expectations. Flights were on-time, staff was friendly and check in very simple. I admit that I read up on the company before booking and as long as you purchase all up front, there are no surprises."
"Verified Review | I needed a drink on this flight (Flight NK266, April 26 2016, Zone 2, Seat 2D) from Loss Angles to Philadelphia. I had the cash to pay for it and also had a credit card from the UK but neither was acceptable under company policy. The steward on duty came over when all seemed lost to me and offered me a drink and a cake at his expense. Needless to say I was very appreciative of his kindness and offered him the cash but he declined to accept. On the way from Philadelphia to Los Angeles a week earlier (Flight NK267, April 20 2016, Zone 2, Seat 1D) I was in a similar situation but was similarly treated by the stewardess on duty who gave me a cup of coffee and a sandwich and would not accept payment for it."
"Baltimore Washington to Chicago O'Hare. In defense of Spirit Airlines, they tell you everything up front about possible additional charges. Thankfully, I was traveling light and did not need to purchase anything else. The flights were both quick and safe and we even got to Chicago so early that they didn't have a gate ready for us. Overall, the price was around $80 cheaper than any other airline. I just wish Spirit flew to more places, so I wouldn't have to drive as far to BWI to fly them."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Spirit and I was pretty nervous flying with an airline I have never heard of. I'm from the St. Louis area but I could not beat the prices Spirit Airlines had to offer from Kansas City to LA so the drive to this airport was well worth it. It was easy check in and my flights were in time and the service was great. This was probably my best flight experience."
"My Spirit Airlines experience was a good one. I flew round trip from Latrobe to Orlando. I was quite pleased with my experience with them. The most negative thing I would have to say is read things very carefully about the bags and such. I missed checking a bag for my return flight when I initially booked my flights. I added it on when I realized my mistake and ended up paying a little more for the bag. Lesson learned. For heavens sake allow enough time to get through check in and TSA security!"
"Orlando to Detroit. Due to health reasons I have been reluctant to fly for quite awhile. I had to have assistance to and from the gates. I was so very pleased with how helpful and courteous your employees were. Never thought I would have to be pushed in a wheelchair, but this trip removed my fear. I cannot walk long distances - thank you for a wonderful experience and and a beautiful flight. Will not hesitate to repeat soon."
"We purchased 4 Spirit Airlines round trip tickets from Baltimore to Dallas Ft Worth for $381.This included our bags and seats. If you pre-print your boarding passes and pay for bags and your seat online you won't have any hidden fees. We had excellent customer service going both ways. Our flight arrived early which was great. I didn't mind having to pay for my own snacks since I always bring my own anyway. For the travel price I'm completely sold and was highly satisfied with Spirit Airlines. Do your homework and find out what you have to do to avoid extra fees at the airport. I would recommend them to my friends and family!"
"This was my 1st time flying with Spirit Airlines and I had heard terrible things about them, quite frankly I was extremely nervous. My friend assured me that her experience was great with them so I decided to take a chance and see. My son and I booked our trip and we were pleasantly surprised with our flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Fort Myers, Florida. The flight crew were great and the customer service was excellent. The customer service in Fort Myers was excellent. We were supposed to check in 45 minutes early but were running late, not only did they allow us to go ahead and board but they did not charge us any additional fee's. We actually boarded at 5 minutes before take off. My friend's son has asthma and was not feeling good, the flight crew catered to him they kept bringing him refreshments at no charge."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to La Guardia. Despite the many negative reviews, I had a great experience with Spirit on both legs of my trip. All of the employees from check in to the flight attendants were pleasant and cheerful. There were no hidden fees as many report. They have a simple, easy to navigate website that explains everything. Many people complain about leg room. I'm 5'11 and had several inches between my kneeson and the seat in front of me. Oh, and both flights left on time and arrived early. I would absolutely not hesitate to use them again!"
"Verified Review | I chose Spirit on purpose based on price, efficiency, and skill for my recent travel from Las Vegas to Atlanta. Both legs of the journey with an absence of drama and professional, and I particularly enjoyed the friendly, efficient gate crew in Atlanta. I commend the crew from the cockpit to the cabin, and definitely enjoyed the nonstop option from my big seat!"
"First time flyer on Spirit Airlines and will not be our last. We flew round trip from Chicago to Los Angeles over Spring break and have nothing but positives to say about Spirit. I read reviews and was concerned but willing to take our chances with back up plans in place. I read their website so knew exactly what to expect. Everything was perfect for us. I booked with ease, selected seats for an additional charge which I was willing to pay and printed off boarding passes prior to arriving at airport. Checked the baggage requirements and packed accordingly. Our round trip flights went without a hitch. Both flights were on time even left a bit early, were smooth, captains were informative and landing was excellent. When we were waiting for our return flight numerous other airlines had delayed flights but all of Spirits flights were on time. We would and will use Spirit Airlines again. I recommend first time flyers read Spirit website so you know what to expect. By the way snacks at the airport are more expensive than snacks on board Spirit for the same size. Knew this as well."
"I must admit that I was positively surprised about Spirit Airlines with my flight from Houston to Denver. I pay for my luggage, printed my boarding card and everything was smooth. The check in was courteous and quick and the flight was on time. Whilst I realise that they do charge a lot for luggage and that they are somewhat often delayed, I was really pleased with my flight and I would fly with them again."
"Verified Review | It's important to remember that Spirit is a low cost carrier and they do everything to turn a profit and keep their costs to a bare minimum. This translates into savings for flights that otherwise might be double at the major airlines. THIS is important to keep in mind. They're not offering luxury but they will get you there inexpensively. The service I received from flight attendants was kind and pleasant. The few flights of Spirit that I've been on have all yielded similar results and it's worth noting that no matter what airline you're on, you're going to get back what you put out. As a taller person I'd find almost any airline seat (that's not first/biz class or premium economy) uncomfortable and in that sense, Spirit flights aren't drastically different from any other flight you'd take from any other carrier. On the flight coming back from Vegas, I purchased a premium seat and due to a technical snafu whereby they thought I had canceled my trip (they manually boarded me in Atlanta so they had no electronic record of my having flown) I was only allocated a regular seat. However, the manager on duty at McCarran was incredibly understanding and sympathetic and found me an upgraded seat to move into (as they were all technically purchased and I had no choice but to get bumped down, lest the same thing happen to somebody else) without hesitation. I do notice that Spirit flights often experience delays and cancellations, however the company is growing rapidly to meet passenger capacity needs so these problems that arise when flights are delayed getting in from one place, thereby affecting that plane's itinerary for each of its following legs, or when crew time out. All in all, Spirit get you there and get you there cheaply, if not always on time (but usually with little delay). They've got a wonderful, on the whole younger group of crew, their in-flight services leave you wanting for little (I highly recommend their pre-made \"Tequila-Rita\" cocktail) and won't break the bank, and overall still offer anything you could require in an air travel experience."
"I get that some people really hate Spirit Airlines, but I'm going to stick with it. You get what you pay for. My flight was over spring break to Tampa from Dallas. Due to inclement weather, my flight was canceled and there I was stranded at DFW. No options whatsoever. After waiting in a pathetically long line, I finally got to somebody to talk to who arranged me a flight via Detroit. I missed my Rent-A-Car (non-refundable) and my plans were messed up but honestly, it wasn't their fault. And if I get to pay so less for just a few hours of discomfort, I'm honestly fine with it. Surprisingly enough, my airplane was very comfortable. Wasn't expecting that with Spirit. Overall: I love Spirit for their whole 'bare-fares thing.' People complain about their in-flight entertainment and food and beverage and how they charge you for your luggage. People, pack light and just carry-on. I mean come on. I was going for 10 days, but I survived with a duffel bag. Half of these flights aren't that long that you will starve. Bring your own food."
"Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines, and the flights were on time - employees were all friendly. The cabin is too crowded and the seats were by far the most crammed uncomfortable seats I have ever experienced. However, for a family of 4 to fly direct to Fort Lauderdale over March Break for $720, I can suck it up for 3 hours of discomfort. I would fly Spirit again."
"Overall, I had a positive experience with Spirit Airlines flying from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. Prior to my flight, I read some horrible reviews and was not sure what to expect. The entire process went smoothly from check in to obtaining my luggage. This airline I would say, would be compatible for short flights. The baggage is slightly pricey. You basically get what you pay for. I packed my own snacks and drinks so I would not have to make any extra purchases but for those that can not go two hours without food and complained on other websites need to reconsider flights. The captain warned us when we would hit turbulence. Overall, good experience."
"Minneapolis to Orlando. I selected Spirit Airlines for the cost and the fact that they had non-stop flights when I wanted to go/return. I studied up on their fees and booked on-line. I can honestly say that I was impressed and would recommend them to anyone. Know what they are, and there's nothing to be disappointed in. Both our flights this week boarded on time. We pre-paid for carry-on bags (had no checked luggage), we brought snacks, we pre-selected seats and we have nothing but good things to say about the staff and service."
"I knew what I was doing and read up on their rules. I avoided all extra charges except the few beers I bought (3 for 17 bucks). The seat didn't recline but it was already in a mid recline. I slept just fine and enjoyed my trip. I will fly them again and because of their low fare I will be able to afford more trips. All the reviews I read are clear that these people don't read their rules. My flight was also delayed by an hour going out there but these things happen. I was not upset and they were updating us as best as they could. I did notice more people got hit with the 100 bag fee on the return flight and I have a feeling it was because that flight was on time. The delayed flight I didn't see anyone get the fee and I was almost last to board."
"Everybody has heard of the bad reviews for Spirit Airlines. But I had to get to Fort Lauderdale and they had a last minute seat. The web site was easy to handle, and I knew ahead of time, to buy my upgrade and baggage online. The staff were friendly. The flight was full, due to the fact there was bad weather on the east coast. The pilot made up for it, and we were only 45 min late. Compared to other airlines, the staff was just as nice and informative, snack prices are high, but so are the other airlines. And lets be honest, I have flown United and American to Fll, and never got a snack or pillow or blanket, so what is the difference. None of the airlines offer the service that they did 20 years ago. Check in at either airport was no problem. So I really can't find a problem except for the fact there seats don't recline, which would be a problem on a long flight."
"On the return flight the captain invited my 2 boys into the cockpit, showed them what a few of the switches did and even let them make the \"welcome\" announcement to the passengers including that he (my 8 yr old) was their captain and they all were in good hands! It's rare any more flight crews are that welcoming. The entire crew was wonderful on our flights, my boys will remember that for a long time. Thank you! Both flights landed early, and were smooth trips."
"Minneapolis to Tampa, and I was nervous from the reviews but I'd give Spirit an A+. No delays, super friendly staff and cheap flight. The pilot took time with my son, and the flight attendant really catered to my five year old. I even watched her run with a remedy for a toddler with ear issues! Impressed."
"I paid $34 for this flight (compared to around $230 on other carriers) so I'm not going to expect luxury service. Seat didn't recline but I paid $34. Flight was delayed but I paid $34. They charged for a carry on so I did the research before getting to the airport! This airline is not made for comfort, it is made for affordability. With Spirit they give the option to not have to pay the ridiculous prices to pay for that."
"Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Tampa, an on time departure. Very friendly staff, comfortable seats and awesome price. Easy online navigation. The only negative thing I would say would have been the prices of snacks and pop / drinks for sale onboard - they were VERY expensive. Definitely will fly Spirit again."
"Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale. This was amazing from start to finish. We did our research, so we knew about the reclining seats, and no options, etc. But we were pleasantly surprised. The people at the check out counter were great. The prices were fantastic. We wouldn't have been able to go on our trip without Spirit. The seats were okay. Not dramatically different to regular airline seats. I did book a large seat for a large passenger in our group (but we would've had to do that with another airline too, and at a much higher expense). The flight was on time. The pilot was pleasant. The flight attendants were pleasant and helpful and kind to a disabled member of our party. The flight was uneventful and the flight arrived a few minutes early! If you know what to expect and you plan properly, you get a great deal that you can't refuse."
"Spirit Airlines is what it is. A cheap, bare-bones service with small seats, and below-average amenities. That said, the price and non-stop nature of the flight is what sold it for me. I am 6 foot 5 inches tall, and I would definitely recommend selecting your seat, and getting the exit door seats. My flight was only 2 hours, but I was in a sardine can for sure. My knees hated me. Other than that, the experience was pleasant. The boarding was 25 minutes late, but that was due to a mechanical error with the aircraft that was gated before our flight. Not their fault. There was a child screaming and kicking my seat the whole flight. Not their fault. Spirit was generally a good experience for my flight from Tampa to Cleveland and I would recommend if you need a cheap, last minute flight. If you have some extra cash, fly Southwest."
"Why does everyone have to hate on Spirit Airlines? Yes the seats are small and they charge fees for almost all extras. But, they dont charge any hidden fees. The website is completely honest about them being no frills. To me this means I only pay for what I need. Also, when I booked my flight from Cleveland to Dallas Fort Worth it even listed on the website that my flight out of Cleveland was often delayed. Sure enough it was delayed by 50 minutes. I was sent emails to inform me of the delay. This was a nice touch. Also this flight was direct. This saved me 2 hours. The fare was almost $300 less than the closest fare and all of those had a layover. If you read the website and Pay for all bags ahead of time and sign up for email alerts and you are not a complete whiny baby who wants the everything for free, you will be happy with the service."
"Baltimore to Las Vegas. I have flown wth Spirit Airlines for years and although the tickets are very inexpensive, I haven't had any real issues with my travel. Only one time was my flight cancelled due to weather but they took care of us by offering us either a refund or tickets for the next flight. I always use Spirit. Yes the seats are close but I didn't mind. My flight wasn't that long."
"Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale. I had read horrible reviews about Spirit and was really nervous about flying with them. Then I realized that most of the complaints were about things that were explained about a no frills airline. So when I booked my flight, I prepaid for my baggage, chose the online check in and knew that if I wanted a snack, I would have to pay or bring it with me. As we were getting ready to leave my house I decided to check my email, they sent me a few emails saying we were delayed by a little over an hour, we still decided to get there when we were supposed to to be on the safe side. I printed out my boarding passes at home, so when I got to the airport I just had to drop off my luggage at the front desk. The airport was really small and not much to do so we sat and waited. When the plane got there, they shuffled everyone off, did safety checks and got everyone on quickly. The staff was nice and pleasant for being the middle of the night. We were supposed to arrive in Fort Lauderdale at 5am originally, and even with the delay the pilot got us there a few minutes before 6am! We had them pick our seats for this trip and they were quite small. I am a heavy set person and was in the middle seat, it was a bit tight, but again, I knew they were smaller because I read this on their website. On our trip coming home, I tried to do the online check in, but their system was down all day. I was so nervous that they were going to charge me to do the check in at the desk. By the time we got there, their systems were up and running and I was able to check in at the kiosk without being charged the $10 pp fee. That's when I realized they had sent me an email saying our flight was delayed, yet again. When I got up to the front desk, the lady was really nice and explained that when their systems went down it grounded all the planes. So that put a delay in most of their flights. This delay was a 2 hour delay. Once again, they kept us informed about the delay and when the plane got there a quick turn over to get us on. I had decided to pay the $50 pp to get the bigger seats in the front because I remembered how uncomfortable they were coming down. It was worth it! It was still no frills, but the seats were much more comfortable. If they have empty seats in the front when the plane is full they will offer them for $75 instead of the $50 you can pay online. So all in all, I say if you want to book with Spirit, read up on their website what is allowed and when to pay for things, how to save money and know that the seats are smaller. Flights get delayed for various reasons. It has happened to me with commercial airlines many times before."
"Paid $52 + 10K frequent flyer miles for two round trip tickets. My daughter and I packed all our clothes in two boarding bags that fit the personal item sizer, so we didn't pay for bags. Did not pay for a seat assignment, but got upgraded to an exit row for asking on the return trip. We were seated together. Seating was tight in the economy section, but my legs did not touch the seatback in front of me. More annoying was the close proximity to some very loud talkers in the row behind us. There was plenty of legroom in the exit row seats on the return flight. Outbound flight departed and arrived about 30 minutes late. There was some snow falling at the time, so the plane had to be de-iced before departure. Return flight departed and arrived on time. Flight crew was courteous and professional on both flights. We bought two coffees for $3, which included unlimited refills. To get a refill, I just pressed the flight attendant call button, and they came and took care of it. I know exactly what to expect when I fly Spirit, and we got just what we needed."
"Spirit Airlines website clearly tells you prices are a la carte. If you want drinks, lots of legroom, 2 carry-ons etc then you are going to pay. I want a flight for 2.5 hours to Florida - and that's exactly what I got. I paid $23 for a flight that left 6 minutes early and arrived 11 minutes early. I had a small back pack as my personal item that was free. I paid $46.20 return to Orlando. The plane was clean. Seats, table and bathroom were clean. Staff was nice. Very few announcements. Embarking and disembarking times were good."
"After reading many negative reviews we only have positive comments about our own experience with Spirit Airlines flying from New Orleans to Las Vegas. The baggage charges we had read up about so we worked out it was cheaper to fill up our suitcases and not take hand luggage and pay the excess charges which was only $50. The flight departed on time, arrived early, the flight attendants were friendly. They do go on and on trying to get people to sign up to their own credit card miles promotion during the flight. In any case we were happy and as this was only one of 2 airlines offering a direct service between New Orleans and Vegas were happy that we did it for such a low price. In fact, minus a free soft drink there was very little in terms of cabin comfort to differentiate Spirit from full service airlines."
"Minneapolis to Dallas with Spirit Airlines. At airport, very friendly staff. Made you smile. Enjoyable. On the plane, laughed every time flight attendant (s) gave us instructions. First flight,ever, enjoyed our flight. Yes you were a bit squished in your seat and only one bag to carry on for free (no purse) just a backpack, but the very inexpensive flight was worth packing light and bringing my own snacks. We brought an I pad with movies so flight went fast. You want to save money? Sacrifice small space and light packing. Best part was friendly and funny staff."
"Atlanta to Tampa with Spirit Airlines. For a budget airline I was impressed with a high level of service both at check-in and on the plane. We arrived late and check in for our flight was closed. We we're put on the next available flight at no cost to us. We were humbled as it was our fault that we were late. On the flight staff were great. We found all extra costs were clearly explained and optional. Would recommend and will travel with them again."
"I always see bad reviews for Spirit Airlines, yet I just traveled with them and my flight from Boston to Las Vegas was pretty smooth. They tell you all about your baggage before you book, so I'm not sure why people complain about this. The staff were friendly and attentive. I would fly Spirit again. The only gripe I have is how uncomfortable the flight was."
"I have only flown three times, this trip from Dallas Fort Worth to Atlanta being the third, and was a little scared to fly with Spirit, because of bad reviews I had seen after I booked my flight. Nonetheless, I had already booked it so I really had no choice. This was the best flight I have been on yet! The staff was very friendly and the flight was very peaceful! Plenty of room and comfortable seating! I will be using Spirit for my next flying experience!"
"New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines, and we've flown this route often. The crew is pleasant, the fares are great and the planes are clean. We often arrive early to our destination. You have to know that you will pay for extras but we seldom desire or require much during travel."
"Philadelphia to Dallas Fort-Worth return, and had an excellent experience. They are just as advertised: No Frills. The staff was awesome; they were accommodating, entertaining and informative. I read so many bad reviews before our flight- none applied to ours. We always buy direct from the air carrier so there isn't any confusion."
"Had a great flight from Cleveland to Orlando with Spirit once again. For such a low price and short flight, I had no need for entertainment or WiFi (which they do not offer to save on costs). The flight was smooth and the staff was great. We landed early in Orlando so overall, fantastic flight! I always fly Spirit to Florida and I highly recommend!"
"First flight with Spirit Airlines, round trip Atlanta to Los Angeles. Flights were on time. Friendly staff and crew. Comfortable seats, plenty of leg room. Plane seemed to be new, or well taken care of. I purchased my assigned seats and also paid for my carryon bag. I brought my own snacks. I did spend $3.00 for a Coke, that's certainly not a big deal. I will definitely fly Spirit again!"
"Dallas Fort Worth to La Guardia with Spirit Airlines. If you want an easy flight just read what's expected when you arrive to the airport and you won't have any problems. I knew I needed to have something for my teenage kids so I had portable DVD players and movies for them to watch on the plane. I knew that we had to pay for drinks and munchies, so I had that with me before boarding. I knew the seats were small for my 14 yr old who's 5'9 and over 200 lbs, so yes I paid extra for wider seats. Worth the money, very comfortable seats! By the way I don't care what airline I'm traveling, or if its only for myself, I get leg room seats. Luggage - just about every airline charges for carry on also. By the way gym bags are free of charge as long as they don't have wheels. My suggestion, pay for everything on line in advance. Especially if you leaving you car parked at the airport for long term parking."
"People need to understand you get what you pay for, Spirit is an ultra-low cost provider that gets you from point A to point B with no frills. For my flights they are often 1/2 the costs of the major airlines. My round trip flights form Minneapolis St Paul to Dallas Fort-Worth costs me about $100 and I've paid a little as $70. Nearly every complaint deals with nickel and dime fees that are mostly unjustified since all their rules and fees a clearly stated. I have been flying Spirit for the last few years (over 10 round trip flights) and my only complaint is the on-time-service; about half my flights have been delayed. Service and seat comfort are mediocre but acceptable but not too much different than the majors. This is coming from a highly experienced traveler that has amassed over 1M frequent flier miles on the major airlines. If your looking for cheap air travel and can travel efficiently, you really can't beat them, but just have the proper expectations."
"My husband and I traveled to Fort Myers Florida from Latrobe Pa. The flight was wonderful and the crew was nice and friendly. The flight was smooth, seats were comfortable. We did what was required by the airlines and did not expect anymore. On the flight back our seats were in the far rear of the plane, my husband asked if there was room for seat movement and the agent placed us in row 8 from row 27 with no issues. I love the bench style seating as if you do not want the chair arm down it would give a heavier person more room. I am 5 foot 6 and had plenty of leg room. Spirit flies direct so there is no layovers - big plus. If you choose to fly on an airline that has add on's then choose wisely, don't try to argue your way around it the rules are clearly written everywhere. We had no issues and we will continue to use this airline when possible."
"I am amazed that customers do not \"get\" the Spirit Airlines' philosophy of cheap flying when Spirit so clearly states what a basic ticket includes. I flew round trip from Atlanta to Ft Lauderdale back to Atlanta in the midst of the Christmas rush for less than $70 each way. Did I buy an extra bag at extra cost? No. Did I check in on line and print my ticket at home to avoid the advertised extra cost? Yes. Did I buy snacks and beverages once on board? No! I read the literature and packed a snack from home. Because the seats don't recline (and put the passenger in front of me in my lap) and because the seats don't have extra padding that takes up extra space, I was able to fully extend my legs under the seat in front of me. I was no more uncomfortable than I am on any airline, and even if I was, I would just smile at the money I saved. Spirit tells you what it takes to fly cheaply. You can certainly do so if you read and follow Spirit's directions. The choice is yours."
"San Jose to Los Angeles with Spirit Airlines. No problems, no surprises. I don't know what people are expecting when you pay half of the price as you do with another airline. The seats don't recline but if you are on a 3 hrs or less flight then it's okay. No delays, friendly staff. I only paid taxes + bags on a 99% OFF deal."
"I've flown Spirit the last 3 trips between TX and FL. Newer, clean planes, great fares, almost every flight I've taken got us there early! Friendly and funny crews. I recommend getting the Spirit Rewards mastercard and stock up on miles. Check out the off-peak travel times and book round trip for only 5000 miles. Of course you pay taxes but I just booked with Spirit for my next trip and it only cost me $26.49. Well worth it."
"I was so impressed with Spirit Airlines. We flew on the busiest days of the year, around Thanksgiving. The check in process was easy. Super friendly ticket agents. The flight attendants were nice to us. If you know the different rules about luggage (40 vs 50 lbs) and that you will be charged money if your one carry on does not fit under the seat, you will be fine. Also, prepare by bringing your own food or plan to pay for it on the plane. They were on time both ways. The airplane was clean and new. I am impressed and will fly on Spirit again."
"I have been flying with Spirit for the last 2 years. Noting but savings and affordability to flying more frequent to different destinations is my excellent experience with Spirit. I am very happy with the reward miles program of Spirit, allowing me to flying free twice a year. 5,000 miles for one way is unbeatable. I like the Spirit way to pay for what you use. Thanks Spirit."
"No abuse of carry ons. Spirit charges you for anything but a \"personal item\" such as a purse or backpack. I am sick of people trying to bring their entire wardrobe on the place as carry on, and the airline doing nothing to enforce the size or number restrictions. I don't think I should have to suffer the flight with my bag under my seat because someone brought an oversized carry on, their laptop, an overcoat, a briefcase, and a cosmetic bag (I've seen it happen!) No seat recline: OK, they dont, but they are so close together on any airplane, I like that the person in front cant put their head in my lap. Charging extra for seat assignments, drinks, etc: I'm OK with picking what I pay for. The vastly lower fares more than make up for it. You want a outrageously cheap fare? Fly Spirit. Want amenities? Fly someone else. Can't have it both ways. I have found their flights to be on time, staff friendly, and the fares can't be beat."
"MinneapolisSaint Paul to Orlando with Spirit Airlines was the most incredible experience flying. We had two of the most awesome flight attendants I've ever dealt with. My 7 year old grand daughter was flying for the first time and very nervous. They calmed her and then invited her to help them during the flight. She was totally into helping them and had a wonderful trip. My hat is off to both of these ladies, the friendliest attendants in the sky. Thank you."
"This was our first trip with Spirit Airlines, and the four of us were dreading it because of the ugly press lately. Thus, we were pleasantly surprised when everyone was friendly and professional, and the airplane left and arrived on time (even early) both coming and going. We appreciated the staff helping our friend on in a wheelchair, letting us all board early with him. The pilot was very communicative throughout the flight. Staff was nice to everyone. The seats would not recline, but that meant the folks in front of you couldn't lean back your direction, either. We knew about all of the extra fees and planned accordingly, making sure everything fit into one suitcase for each couple, which we checked and paid for early to minimize extra cost. We decided to pay extra for seat choice, and it was minimal. My husband ordered food and drink, which was enough for both of us to share, and yes, we did pay extra, but we didn't mind. It turned out to be one of the best flight experiences we have had in years - happily!"
"This was my first time flying Spirit. I was very nervous about booking the flight after reading all the negative reviews. However, there was no beating the price. From what I've read, most Spirit customers rate this airline poorly due to \"surprise\" baggage rates or lack of inflight accommodations. Extra baggage rates are hardly a surprise. Every booking site (Expedia, Cheapair.. etc.) I visited clearly states that baggage fees may apply. You do have to pay for refreshments and snacks (just another cost that's included in other airline tickets). My flight was only about an hour long. No need for a snack or refreshment. I already had a bottle of water and ate at the airport. You get what you pay for, a flight from point A to B, simple as that. The plane itself was just like any other plane. It was clean and well kept and had comfortable seats. Flight crew was attentive and polite despite all the drunk people departing Vegas. Overall I was very satisfied with Spirit's services. They are quick and simple. I would definitely recommend then for low cost travel."
"Despite reading various reviews from other disgruntled flyers, I was pleasantly surprised with Spirit Airlines. I often fly to Las Vegas from Pittsburgh and found this experience to be the best in all the years I've been flying. Flying from the regional airport in Latrobe was stress free. The airline attendants were pleasant, the pilot was a show within himself. The flight left on time and arrived a little earlier than expected. Flying non-stop was an added plus. The price was extremely cheap. Regardless of the added fees plus joining the $9 club, I was able to get two tickets to Vegas for the price of one. Read the fine print and follow the suggested directions. It's all there on the website. If you read the guidelines, you will not experience any \"surprises\". I will fly Spirit again most definitely."
"I flew from Myrtle Beach to New York City for a very reasonable cost. Even though they cancelled our flight back home from New York I still couldn't give them a horrible review. The flight to New York was great and it wouldn't be fair to judge this airline because of cancelling my flight back home because of weather. I still say they could have given us some vouchers for food or a free flight, but I guess that's what you get when you spend 300 dollars on a round trip ticket for two. However Spirit is by far the cheapest airline I have been on and that includes the extra fees like baggage. Some of these people on here giving this airline bad reviews will be the first ones to rebook with them. Why? Because they can't find a cheaper flight anywhere else. Yes this airline gets lots of negative reviews but they are the only airline I have been on that fills up every single seat on the plane."
"I read the reviews and became horrified that I would never make it to Vegas. Several reviews said that they would cancel flights on a whim for various reasons, so I changed my flight to an earlier flight, so that if it were cancelled, I'd get another shot to get there on the following flight. However, my flight left on time, and arrived early. Their website is ridiculously easy to use, and changes are easy to make. If you read their website, you will know what to expect. Please don't assume. Everything is in print. All they provide you with is a seat and the flight. Bring your own snacks or drinks, print your own boarding pass OR pay for it to be printed by them, pay for your carry-on if it has to go in the overhead, pay if you want express boarding, drinks, etc. The legroom is tight, but I'm short. If you are tall, buy a seat with more legroom. I made another reservation moments ago."
"You must know the restrictions. Great flight, got to Chicago early. Very clean plane, great attendants. The food prices on board were much cheaper than the airport concession kiosks. I got the big seat going and the emergency seat coming back home - it was great. I will fly Spirit again."
"On our return flight from Myrtle Beach on October 26th, we wondered if the flight would be as good as the flight to Myrtle Beach on October 19th. We are happy to report that this too was an excellent flight. Left on time and arrived precisely on time. The overall experience was an excellent one. We would definitely fly with Spirit Air again."
"I can't complain about anything about our trip with Spirit Airlines. The flights were both smooth and no delays. We even made it home 26 min early. Flight attendants were very accomadating and friendly. I had to ask for a seatbelt extender and it was given to me discretely. I would definitely fly with Spirit Airlines in the future."
"I had read a lot of negative reviews and I wasn't sure what to expect with Spirit Airlines. Honestly the only reason I chose them was because the discount price was the only way I could afford my trip. Turns out I had no reason to be concerned. Yes, they charge for everything, but they tell you all that up front. I was not surprised at all. I opted to pay for my carry-on bag when I booked which is the cheapest way to do it with them. Even with having to pay for that, my flight was still easily $75 less than the next cheapest flight. Other than that, I did not opt for any extras. I printed my own boarding pass, I took the seat they assigned, and I did not purchase food or drink. At 5 foot 4 and 215 I'm not a small lady. I worried that the more cramped seating arrangement would be too cramped for me. This was also not the issue I thought it would be. I fit fine in my seat, even with the armrests down. I had plenty of leg room, even with my personal item under the seat in front of me. I wasn't worried about not being able to recline as this was only a 3 hour flight and I knew that I wouldn't need to recline. There is no seat-back entertainment screen like you find on other carriers, but I had brought my ipad with me so I was well entertained for the duration. The only thing I missed is that I like to see the route we're flying and see where we are, but I was fine without that information. I had also heard there were a lot of delays and cancelations on Spirit, for what some have said was no apparent reason. Again, this was not my experience. Both flights (departure and return) departed and arrived on time. I was very lucky in that there was nothing but perfect weather between me and my destination. Not that Spirit had anything to do with that, but it did turn out in their favor. The flight was quite smooth. The flight crew were all very friendly, smiling, and polite. The landings were particularly good. The one going in to Dallas was probably the smoothest I've ever experienced as I didn't feel it at all. The one coming home to Philly wasn't as good, but still top marks as I could only barely feel it. That all said I can't say for sure I will always use Spirit when I fly. While the seat was fine for my 3 hour flight, I'm not sure I'd want to sit there for a long flight. With their limited schedules and destinations I might also be concerned about flying during a typically bad weather season when a delay might mean not getting a flight at all until the following day. Also on that same note regarding limits, my trip this time was really to Austin, but Dallas was as close as Spirit would get me. If I was making that same trip again, I'd probably rather a more direct flight. All in all though, I'd recommend Spirit under the right circumstances."
"Contrary to other reviews I read about Spirit Airlines, this was a fantastic flight. We flew from a small airport in Niagara Falls to a moderate sized airport in Myrtle Beach. That may have helped the experience as departure was great as was disembarking and baggage retrieval. The website booking, flight status and online check in was great. The service at bag drop was good too. The plane is not large but the seats were wide enough and comfortable enough for a trip of less than two hours. Amazingly we arrived in Myrtle Beach exactly on time! Everything costs extra but the overall pricing was good. We recommend this airline."
"I felt compelled to defend Spirit Airlines after returning from Las Vegas last week. It was a non-stop flight from Detroit and the flight crew going down was probably the most entertaining bunch I have encountered. I knew what I was getting into beforehand - not paying for checked baggage is a thing of the past. I would have paid almost the same amount with any another airline. I also knew I wasn't going to get anything to drink/eat during the flight, so I bought a bottle of water and some snacks in the airport, big deal. The staff from checkin to disembarkation was friendly and the aircraft was practically new. I admit the seats were small - there definitely wasn't much knee room in front of me, but I'm a short gal and didn't really mind. I hate having people recline into my lap and snore the flight away, so not having the seat recline was no biggie either. The Detroit crew that works the 11:00 am flight had me in stitches the whole way. The flight home wasn't nearly as rambunctious, but I appreciated that after a few days of fun in Vegas on very little sleep. Again checkin was smooth, the flight crew was friendly and the pilot reassured us we were in good hands. Our tailwind even has us to the gate early. Overall, I would recommend Spirit Airlines. Is it no frills? Sure - but you can't beat the price!"
"I felt this review was a must. I read many many terrible reviews on Spirit Airlines. I was scared to death to fly with this airline and felt it might be ruined. The thing you need to do is do your homework. Pay for bags ahead, print your boarding passes online and brings snacks. After that, smooth sailing. Spirit did a wonderful job in baggage and taking care of us on flight. Flight was real smooth and no delays - our flight there was even early. My only complaint is the lack of leg room on the flight but it was dealable."
"Spirit Airlines gets a bad rap, so I wanted to post a good review, since my recent experience was wonderful. I had ended up with Spirit flights after booking an Expedia package. I had heard that Spirit planes were extremely uncomfortable and small. We had 3 flights in our Vegas trip (Philly to Chicago, Chicago to Vegas, then Vegas to Philly), and all 3 were on Airbuses that had plenty of room. It was no different than any other airline I've been on, so it was certainly not sub-par. I was as comfortable in my seat as you can be in coach on an airplane, and so was my best friend. Slightly uncomfortable flying overnight, but it was also the first time I'd ever done that. People also tend to complain about the extra charges, which seems odd, considering their website couldn't be more clear in explaining/advertising their bare fare. In our case, we only paid extra to choose our seats and check a bag each, which some other, more expensive airlines still charge for, anyway. I was perfectly fine without getting a \"complimentary\" snack/beverage on the flight, and I didn't need to take up space in the overhead with a carry-on. Everything was well worth the price. I've also heard tons of complaints about delays/canceled flights. This made me extra nervous, considering we had to make a connecting flight in Chicago on the way to Vegas. Well, our flights were the opposite of delayed. We left early, arrived early, and had plenty of time to connect. All 3 flights were either on time or ahead of schedule. The other complaints I've heard about the planes concern their upkeep/age. Our planes all looked clean/new, so, no problems there. I've never had a connecting flight, so I was slightly worried about our bags making it to Vegas. No problems there, either. And while their customer service also gets a lot of complaints, everyone I interacted or watched people interact with at Spirit was honestly wonderful. They were even giving balloons to toddlers. I give Spirit credit for helping me to enjoy my vacation, and I would definitely fly them again."
"For the first time, I chose Spirit Airlines for a short trip to San Diego. I usually use Southwest but because I had to make late reservations, I chose Spirit as it was over $200 cheaper. I had a biopsy on my liver on Friday, the day after my flight landed and returned to Las Vegas on Sunday. The crew/staff was wonderful and staff in San Diego took me gently by wheelchair to my gate. Exceptional service."
"I read reviews and I was quite scared to where I almost just did not fly with them at all. All the complaints were about luggage. If you read the fine print you will have no problems. Advice by your luggage online it will save you lots of money. I did online check in and I did not realize that once you did online check in you can't add luggage. I called the customer service and explained my situation and they helped me by resetting my online check-in so I could add my luggage for the discount price. They were nice and professional. Just make sure if you are checking in luggage to buy in advance. One more thing my flight was absolutely smooth and had plenty of room. Their aircraft are spacious and have plenty of leg room."
"I had been in Baltimore when the rains and flooding hit Myrtle Beach and was concerned that Spirit Airlines may have cancelled the flight back to MYR, but was assured that the flight was on schedule. The flight was about half full and all but about 6 passengers were Myrtle Beach residents anxious to get back home to check on their properties. The pilot warned us of a probable bumpy flight, but assured us we would get to Myrtle on time - we even arrived 10 minutes early and the flight was indeed bumpy, but the landing was smooth and the entire group cheered him on when we landed safely. Luggage was delivered to the carousel in record time. Mine was there before I had even made it to baggage claim. Many people on the flight knew they might have a difficult time getting through flooded and barricaded roads to their homes, but all of us were grateful to be back in MB safely."
"Just finished flying Spirit Airlines from Chicago, IL to San Diego, CA then back again. The ticket counter, gate agents, flight attendants and the ride all were all great. The flight itself was smooth. Yes, the seats are a bit tight but not bad. I will fly this airline again."
"Spirit Airlines flight was delayed but that's not what I want to talk about. I want to commend one of the pilots on that flight. I have had a total knee replacement if one knee and other knee needs to be done also, so I have to use wheelchair whenever I fly. There were three people needing wheelchair assistance and as. I was waitng my turn, one if the captains approached me and told me that he would be helping me. He was kind and courteous. As a matter of fact, he was very funny and went out of his way to make me feel relaxed and comfortable, as he wheeled my chair from the counter all the way to the entrance into the plane. Unfortunately, I did not get his name. Most pilots come and stand around, usually speaking with their colleagues, as they wait to be cleared for boarding; they don't usually greet the passengers, let alone assisting with a wheelchair. That was a very nice gesture and a very thougtful act, he did not have to do it. I really appreciated his kind act and may God bless him richly. I've flown several times with the airline because of the big seat and low fare (I am $9 club member)."
"Surprisingly decent experience with Spirit Airlines. We arrived at FLL, I had forgotten about the 40 pound max for bags, the agent was decent enough to charge us only once for 2 bags around 50 pounds. I agree with other reviewers that explain if you read, this can be a decent experience, they don't hide it, it's all in plain sight. Paid for the \"Big Front Seat\" on this short FLL-MYR route. Worth it, very comfortable older business class seating. Being 6'4, I'm happy to pay for this comfort. Left on time, arrived to Myrtle Beach early. Flight attendants were cheerful and humorous on the flight. All in all went fine. I was skeptical, and some of those fears were confirmed as I looked at the departure board in the Spirit terminal at FLL that my flight would be delayed. Flights to BWI and St. Thomas USVI were delayed for 5+ hours that day. We were just fine, but they were the only delayed flights for the day, people at those gates looked slightly upset! All in all, for the $65(!) we paid for flights it did the job. We don't get fares anywhere near that cost in Canada, so can't complain."
"This is the first time I have flown with Spirit Airlines. Very impressive and extremely efficient. The cabin crew were pleasant and helpful and the price was fantastic. I would recommend Spirit Airlines but remember to check their website for restrictions on baggage weight."
"This was our first time to fly Spirit Airlines. I got on Spirit Airlines website, listened to complaints and asked around to friends who had flown. We were so pleased with our flight and crew. If you read the rules of the airline, prebuy your bags (including a carry on), make sure your bag isn't over 40 pounds, realize that you are allowed 1 personal item (this includes your purse), buy a snack before you get on (you will have to buy anything on board including water), check in online and print your boarding passes at home or the hotel, then you will have an enjoyable experience. The staff at the counter was friendly, helpful and efficient. Our flight going was on time and returning was even early. I will fly Spirit Airlines again."
"You get what you pay for, and in Spirit Airlines case they are improving on that. The first few flights I took with them in 2014 were late and older planes, but the last several flights have been new or newish planes, good service, on time, and just in general a good deal. Yes, they make jokes that the only thing free on Spirit Airlines is the air, but overall it's a good value and is getting better as they add more planes and improve their customer service."
"I have flown Spirit Airlines many times over the past few years and must say other than 2 flights that were running late, all the others were great. I know this is not the airline for everyone, but if you read their policy's on their site, you will not have any problems. I do own their Mastercard which is an easy way to earn miles. Their card also has many perks one being an annual point bonus which gives an annual free regional round trip off peak trip each year. I was able to retire at an early ago and because of this am able to plan my trips many months in the future, this saves $ when you are booking a free ticket. I am also a big guy 6' 280 lbs, but as long as I book an aisle seat I don,t have a problem with the seat spacing, although I do admit on several occasions I have treated myself to the Big Front seats, which are very nice. My last flight from Las Vegas left on time, arrived 1/2 hour early, and was only 2/3 full (which is not common for Spirit), so the attendants let me sit in the back where I had 3 seats to myself! I have always found their inflight crew top notch, in fact this last flight had a captain that was SO FUNNY, he could have done stand up in Vegas! One last thing, to save on their carry on fee, American Tourister makes a carry on with wheels that just fits their size limit for a free carry on. You would not believe how much you can get in there! Again, this may not be the airline for everyone, but if you follow the rules, you will get to your destination safely, and save lots of $."
"This a congratulatory message to Spirit Airlines staff who managed flight 667 from Baltimore to Dallas. Many of the passengers scheduled on that flight were stranded for 6 hours or more, including myself who had just returned from an emergency in Germany where I had to leave my wife, and crossed the Atlantic on a 10 hour flight. I was really tired, but not as much as some who had been waiting 6 to 8 hours for flight 667. We were not told whether an aircraft was available and down for maintenance, etc. However, the airline came through and came with and airplane flown to BWI specially for us. We landed at DFW at/or about 0230 am. I would like to pass my grateful thanks to the crew. Without them we would not have reached our destination."
"Spirit Airlines are cheaper. I would be lying if I said there was a single problem. We followed all the directions, printed our own boarding passes, pre-paid for our luggage, brought our own snacks and drinks. Spirit Airlines is up front about what you're going to be charged for, so if the information is followed, you won't be surprised by any hidden fees. The check in, boarding and flight crew were all nice and helpful when needed. Will fly with them again. Pay extra and get the front seats if available, they are worth the extra money. Plenty of leg room and much bigger seats. There is no wifi or entertainment so put your electronic devices away, pull out a book or magazine and enjoy the flight."
"I had no problem with Spirit Airlines. The plane was clean, staff were great, and was actually a fun flight. I was hesitant about flying Spirit because I read a lot of bad reviews. I've come to the conclusion people often do not read the info which they give you before booking. I will continue to fly Spirit when possible."
"Flew Spirit Airlines once again from Chicago to Minneapolis, and they did a great job. Monday morning at Chicago O'Hare is never fun, but all the personnel were professional and looked like they were happy to be there. Special shout out to the flight crew. No problems checking in, no problems with seating, plane was clean and in good condition."
"Price was unbelievable, Spirit Airlines crew fun and professional and I love that carry-ons cost more than checked baggage. I cannot remember the last time I was on a plane that boarded and deplaned so quickly because there were much fewer carry-ons. It was heavenly. Our one flight was delayed but we got free tickets and food vouchers. We signed up for the credit card with points toward tickets without blackout dates."
"I have flown Spirit Airlines several times between Cleveland and Dallas to visit kids and grandkids. I keep reading all of these horrible reviews but I have had nothing but positive experiences. My flight yesterday was $77 round trip. I don't need a lot of luggage for 4 days and I can go 2.5 hours without drinks or snacks (or I bring my own). Planes are clean and I've had absolutely no problems with Spirit employees. Quite the contrary. If I choose to check a bag the added cost is still significantly less than any other carrier for a round trip ticket. I have flown them 4 times now and have no complaints. Hope this helps some of you who have read bad reviews, maybe there need to be more reviews written by satisfied customers like myself."
"I just returned from a trip at Myrtle Beach today and I want to express my gratitude to the flight captain. The flight was delayed by 4 hours because of a call off from a flight captain in Myrtle Beach. Spirit Airlines was able to find a flight captain who flew out of Chicago to take us back to Latrobe. If the captain had not offered his services, I would have been stranded in Myrtle Beach and would have had to drive the 10 hours back home. We also received a lunch voucher from Spirit Airlines for our inconvenience."
"Baltimore to Aruba via Fort Lauderdale. I don't know why Spirit Airlines gets a bad rap - there are extra fees, but none of them are a surprise. They tell you everything up front - price of bags, etc. The economy seats are not luxurious by any means, but at 6'0 and almost 250lbs I was not uncomfortable in the least. It sounds like a lot of people are simply clicking thru all of the details after scoring a cheap ticket and then getting ticked off because they \"didn't know.\" My wife and I fly a lot and on our next journey if Spirit Airlines has the lowest fare (as they did on this last trip) then we would have no issues booking with them again. As far as people having flights cancelled and then the airline \"not being able to do anything except...\" I have experienced this with many of the more popular carriers - it's the nature of air travel."
"I must say I didn't know what to expect flying Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Las Vegas, I had read a lot of bad reviews and I travel a few times a year but always on a large airline as in a 777. The idea of flying a no frills airliner did not appeal to me however I have to admit it was a little tight in the cabin but it wasn't that bad, as for the flight crew both ways were amazing they engaged in conversation even joking around with us. They took time out at the end of the flight and sang happy birthday to my husband when they found out it was his birthday. So all I'm saying is that it is a no frills airline but if you understand that going in it's really not that bad and if you treat the flight crew with the respect that you and everyone else deserves you will treat you with the same mutual respect."
"I recently came back from my Boston to Las Vegas trip with Spirit Airlines and honestly did not find it that bad. I was also skeptical because the fare was super cheap and the reviews were really bad. But you get what you pay for. The seats were very short and probably the most uncomfortable airline seats that I've sat on. But for the price we paid, we toughed it out. The reason why the tickets are so cheap and they still make money is because they charge fees on every add-ons. Please see list below of the charges you should be aware of and how to avoid it: Water on the flight - not free!! $3 for a small bottle - we bought a bottle at the terminal store before hopping on the plane. Ticket print outs - $10 per ticket if you print at the airport - we printed ours at home and found a FedEx location in Vegas beforehand to avoid the charge. Extra carry-on luggage - $35 when you check in and I think $55 when you do it at the airport - keep in mind that they allow one personal item such as a small backpack that could potentially fit all your items, which my husband did. I ended up paying for a carry-on luggage in addition to my purse. But you can add the carry-on luggage when you check in 24 hours before your flight. Select your seats - $10 per seat, per flight - this adds up real quick. If I were you, just make sure you check in exactly 24 hours before your flight. They will randomly select a seat for you. Luckily, our flights weren't full, so my husband and I were able to sit next to each other on both our departing and returned flights. Overall, we had no issues when we flew from BOS to LAS. There was probably a 10 min flight delay, but we still arrived on time, if not earlier."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from LGA to FLL. This was my first time flying with Spirit. After reviewing the negative comments I had second thoughts about my purchase. When I arrived at the airport the customer service was great. On the airplane the employees were very friendly and helpful. The seats were pretty comfortable and I had plenty of room. I will use Spirit again with no hesitation."
"Spirit Airlines from Atlanta to Cleveland was cheap. Read fine print. Everything was exactly as expected. Just as good as any other flight on any other airline considering I knew it was a cheap flight and wasn't expecting any fluff. Professional and most importantly, flight was on time and very smooth from take off to landing. Already booked another trip with Spirit Airlines for my husband and myself next month."
"Before booking a flight on Spirit Airlines I read many negative reviews, so I was really worried. However, I needed to leave a day early, and I didn't want to pay $1,500 and up that other airlines were going to charge, so I took a chance on Spirit since it only cost about $300 with one checked baggage for a one-way ticket a day in advance of departure. I was pleasantly surprised that I had no major issues with my flight. The only minor issue that I had was that there was nobody at the check-in counter when I arrived, so I waited for about 10 minutes until their agents arrived."
"Dallas Ft Worth to La Guardia. This was my first time flying Spirit airlines, I must say that I was very impressed. I bought my my ticket less than 2 days in advance and paid $289.00 including taxes, seats and a carry-on bag round trip. It could have been $28.00 less if I waited to get seated on board. The staff was courteous, respectful and entertaining! Very laid back, yet professional. The flight was on time both ways, even landed 30 minutes ahead of time on the way back."
"I am mainly writing to express my positive experience with others that read all the bad reviews and wondered as I did what to expect. First of all I recommend you read and understand what is different about this company and what you are use to when flying a non discount airlines, yes the seats are not padded as thick, dont recline, and those extra fees are not a problem if you read all the rules, food was not a problem if you eat before boarding and for that matter you can go for 4 hours without the internet as I did from Vegas to Cleveland when you know you are saving money to spend elsewhere, one tip for families with children I discovered you dont need to pay extra for reserved seats it seems they will place you in the same row even though they suggest you pay to reserve, (I think they dont want a crying childen separated and disturbing the other passengers). I was very surprised how smooth and normal everthing went just like any other airline I would not do a trans ocean but I would do another U.S.flight again."
"We were a bit wary given negative reviews, but after two flights with Spirit our experience was fairly positive. The website booking process is transparent in terms of added charges - hold baggage, carry on baggage, printing boarding cards at the airport, etc. There is a premium on leg room on the aircraft but again the website is clear on this and despite being 6'3\", I had no difficulty on short haul flights. A longer flight might be a bit more uncomfortable. During check-in a fairly pragmatic approach was taken to the weight of bags - as long as they weren't well over the allowed limit, there was no excess charge. Both of our flights arrived on schedule. Overall, I'd have no hesitation in travelling with Spirit again."
"Great airline, got my family of 4 to/from San Diego to Vegas on time and no problems. As long as you read all the small print about baggage, boarding passes etc then there will be no problem. Never seen any issues with any other passenger either. They are just like easyJet or Ryanair. Excellent price and service."
"Traveled with my two young daughters (9 and 3) and didn't encounter any problems on our outgoing flight. There was an hour delay on our return flight which was no problem. I was a bit hesitant based on the negative reviews I saw on here but I did my homework, packed light for my girls and I (1 personal item each and a stroller) since it was a weekend vacation so no carry on fees or waiting for baggage claim, printed out boarding passes ahead of time, brought snacks/food for the flight and just bought water and a juice before we boarded so we were set. All of the flight crew was pleasant. Overall a good trip (my flights were non-stop) and have since joined their fanfare and have booked two more trips in the next month and a half. Hopefully everything will be as smooth. Again just my personal item, snacks and no connecting flights."
"After reading a lot of reviews about spirit after I booked my flight and was very nervous. After all I was flying alone with my two kids, 2 and 4 while I was 8 months pregnant. Most of the reviews I read were horrible, but I found a great article written on Spirit telling you what you need to know and what to expect. I did my homework and learned about the extra fees. As for the actual trip the flight attendants were very nice. Great for traveling with young kids because you get to board first. The seats are small but perfect for kids. I had plenty of room. Also not having seats that recline is a benefit because you don't have a seat in front of you crowding you."
"Upon reading the reviews, I almost switched to a better 'reviewed' airline because I am already an anxious flyer and most of them aren't great to read. I had a couple drinks at the airport, found out it was delayed two hours which was expected anyhow with this airline. Finally boarded, had great people sitting next to me and the next thing I know I am in Vegas. Buy your bags online, print your own boarding pass, buy your own seat and then you'll see you wont be one of those with a bad review to type up."
"My initial flight was LAX to Orlando via Fort Lauderdale, if you can fly to Fort Lauderdale directly, then you can fly to Orlando directly. My return flight was Orlando to Los Angeles via Dallas with a 3 hr layover but both flights were pleasant and on time. Stop crying like a bunch of babies and read the reviews first is what I say."
"Our round trip to Orlando from Atlanta went extremely smoothly. As others have mentioned the key is reading their instructions on the website. I was afraid on our first trip to not book seats ahead of time so we paid, but after this first trip going so well, no lines at check-in (though we didn't have to because we did it online ahead of time). There was also no charge for our backpack and my supersize purse which were personal items that fit under our seat, though if there was room we could put in the compartment above in the plane and their always seems to be room since most don't take carry ons on their flights. We had another trip to make to Orlando the following week and I booked with Spirit Airlines - can't beat their prices. This time we had to check in one bag but we did not book our seats ahead of time and waited until the end and checked in at airport where there were no lines and we got seats in row 10. No extra charge at airport for luggage, I had already paid online. In less than 5 minutes we were heading toward the gates. On both flights, from check-in to boarding our plane we found all staff to be friendly, helpful and professional. There was a delay on our return of 53 minutes, but earlier in the day there was stormy weather and this threw thing off schedule. Don't be afraid to try them like us you might be pleasantly surprised."
"Flight from Latrobe to Fort Lauderdale was on time and great. Redeemed airmiles and only paid $5.60 each way. You can bring your own food and snacks. I purchased Soda for a few extra dollars. (2 for $5.00). The return trip was great also. I did not pay to check a bag and used a duffle bag the fits under the seat. Enough for about 4 days. I have flown Spirit about two dozen times, and never had a problem. The most a flight was delayed was about an hour. I plan on flying them in Sept, Dec, and Jan again. Already booked my flights. Read the rules and the costs. You don't need to pay for a seat, the will assign one to you at check in for free. If you are under 6', you will have plenty of leg room."
"If you really need to save money and need to travel from point A to B, Spirit is the definitely the way to go, but take note that they may not always be cheap considering your carry-on, luggage, and etc. Despite the low ratings, all of my flights left on-time and staff were all friendly. Seats and legroom isn't that bad. My experience with checking in a bag wasn't bad either. All of my group's bag arrived safe and sound. Food and Beverages are available for purchase with credit/debit card only, which was perfect for me since I don't carry that many cash. No entertainment (even a in-flight map) whatsoever so make sure you have something to keep you entertained. Make sure you check-in online and print your boarding pass. If you do run into a problem however (which was the case for me) print the error page just in case and the ground staff will take care of you. If Spirit flies from/to your airport, definitely consider them if you're trying to save money."
"After reading some reviews we were very concerned with our decision to fly Spirit. We were surprised to have a wonderful experience. The airplane was on time and the personel were nice. The only issue we experienced was baggage check. We prepaid our bags and thought dropping them off before the flight would have been quick and easy. We were wrong. The lines were very long and there was not enough employees to check bags in. We stood in line for almost an hour as the line behind us extended to outside the doors. We would like to have seen and used a skycap. I think adding curb side bag drop off would help to move people through this process much quicker. We did purchase the larger seats since we had a long flight and brought our own food and drinks so we didn't have to worry about buying theirs."
"I was curious and nervous to try this airline due to other reviews I had read online but glad I did. While Spirit Airlines doesn't offer the inflight amenities that other airlines do, my flight was excellent. The flight boarded on time, went smoothly and arrived at my destination on top. Since I was tired, I appreciated the opportunity to rest and not be bothered. Others complain about the stringent rules Spirit Airlines has regarding carry-on luggage. My advice either pack light or follow the airline rules."
"Well, (on July 22, 2015) like everyone else I googled the cheap one way airline fares from New York to Chicago for my father for this weekend (July 24-26). Other airlines were priced for at least $200. Then I found this secret gem. Yes, it did seem suspicious. The price on their website was $73. We were about to book it. Then I started going through the booking process. A few steps later I found out they are going charge me $35 for a carry-on. Well, that totaled to $108. It was still better than other flights. I went a little further. Then they say that they would charge $10 for checking in and for boarding passes. I ended up booking it up for him. But, guess what? Today was his flight. He printed the tickets and boarding passes yesterday at home. Got to the airport on time today and his flight left 20 minutes in advance of the schedule. He got to Chicago earlier than he was supposed to be. I am just saying that yes maybe Spirit Airlines isn't that great and it might have some negative points. But, I think it still has some hope. As for the first experience, I will give it a 10."
"Spirit gave my husband and I gate passes to escort our 15, 11 and 10 year old to the gate. They also had the plane cleaned up and boarded quickly. They stewardess was so sweet to pre-board my children and my mother in law easily picked them up at the gate. When I had to go to the terminal for gate passes the agents were quick and efficient and polite. I will fly Spirit again."
"I had read many negative reviews of Spirit from travelers who complained about luggage requirements and the lack of food and leg room. My daughter and I paid $60 extra for big seats since we were taking a long flight. Flight left on time, seats were roomy, the flight attendants were friendly and fun. I would fly Spirit again."
"Booked a round trip from BOS (Boston) to DFW (Dallas-Forth Worth) from June 23rd to July 9th. Before booking, I didn't read any of the reviews, but did check out their website and requirements for luggage. Between my 4 year old and myself, two personal items was plenty of luggage, thus not being charged any extra. I printed my tickets at home. Also brought snacks from home and a couple of empty water bottles to fill up once getting through security. I was incredibly nervous after reading reviews. Arriving at the airport like they suggested(a few hours early), I headed to the checkin counter just to make sure I didn't have to do anything special for my personal bags. A Spirit Airlines employee was helping people at the kiosks and took the time to help me answer my questions in a very polite manner. In Boston that day, there were thunderstorms heading our way and rain had already started to fall, making me even more nervous than before. However, the flight took off on time. No one was given a hard time about their bags and during the flight, the attendents were friendly and even got my son to smile. The only negative about the departing flight was that we landed 30 minutes early and unfortunately, had to wait said 30 minutes for the gate to open. Still on time though. The return trip, I arrived at airport a couple hours early and went to the gate that was printed on my ticket and my flight wasn't scheduled to be there anymore. Went to the next gate over and the Spirit employee kindly pointed me in the right direction without any rudeness whatsoever. The attendents on this flight as well were extremely friendly, even funnier and one of the attendents even played cars with my son which was really cool. On my return trip, I did not bring any snacks, but for $6.50 was able to get wheat crackers, almonds, cheese spread, dried cranberries, oreo cookies and a mint. Not a bad deal at all. This flight departed and landed on time. I can't say what the economy seats are like as I purchased Big Seats. They were extremely comfortable and had more than enough leg room. This also allowed my 4 year old to squirm, talk and be a kid without annoying someone sitting next to us. I will definitely use Spirit Airlines again as they exceeded my expectations."
"I flew Spirit from Tampa to Houston and experienced zero issues. All the negative reviews had prepared me for some terrible experience but I did not have one. Basically I followed the rules regarding luggage, read the website as to what I would/would not be charged for printing boarding passes, preboarding, seat selection etc and I declined all extra charges. I packed an appropriate size bag to not have to pay for a carry on. I checked in online 24 hours in advance and got good seats. The flight to Houston was on time, no issues. The flight home was 30 minutes late but I received email notification of this early in the day so I could adjust my drop off time at the airport. In summary, this trip was a pleasant experience. I will fly with them again."
"I was hesitant to fly this airline because of the reviews. Our flights arrived early, both into Denver and on our return to Phoenix. I did a lot of research as to what to expect on flights and it was exactly as stated. If you want something to eat or drink, you must pay (no cash, only debit or credit cards accepted) but I usually purchase a bottle of water before getting on a plane anyway, so I didn't miss anything. Luggage arrived quickly in Denver and in Phoenix. I was pleasantly surprised!"
"We have flown Spirit airlines 4 times now - round trip to Cabo and round trip to Ft Lauderdale. After reading all of the negative reviews, I must say I was skeptical, however, they've been great. Yes, you have to read the fine print, you have to pay for your bags in advance, you have to pay for drinks or snacks on board but all in all - I've been pretty satisfied so far. They are friendly and funny. We actually arrived 15 minutes early on our flight today. The stewardess said we should tell someone because if we were late \"we'd tell everyone\". Pretty true in this day and age."
"I was pleasantly surprised. Flight there and back were on time. Ticketing and bag drop were fast and efficient at both airports. Staff was friendly. I don't get why people say there are hidden fees? If you buy on their website it walks you through everything, and explains everything before purchase. The only potential issue, which didn't affect me, would be if you are a taller person. The seats are closer, but good options are to sit in emergency row, or big front seats. My sister went with us, and she is dedicated to United Airlines. She also stated Spirit was not much different. I will fly Spirit again."
"My husband and I were very skeptical after reading the negative reviews regarding Spirit, but unfortunately, money was an issue getting to our destination, so we bit our lip and tried them. To our very pleasant surprise we were very satisfied. The negative reviews seem to complain about the space, the cost for extras and flight delays. A soda or water is expensive, so plan ahead. I can tell you that the information you get from Spirit is spot on. If your bag is overweight, you have to pay more. You can only take one personal item on the plane. Yes, you have to pay for food, drink, a roomier seat. But-that is spelled out before you purchase the tickets. We did buy the zone 2 seating, and it was worth it. The seats are regular sized seats, but the knee room is a bit cramped. Nothing that was too bad, but I felt bad for a gentleman that was quite tall that had to put his knees in the isle. But he was happy and said he had flown with them many times before. I brought a neck pillow to sit on and found that very very helpful. A few snack and water in my backpack, along with my Kindle and earbuds and I was set! The plane itself was spotless and the airline attendants were kind and helpful. I certainly would not hesitate to fly Spirit again."
"My 2nd trip with Spirit and I found them to be quite acceptable and actually quite comfortable. Yes they charge for everything, be prepared for it and adjust as based on your needs. I liked having options. As for the prices, if you want water buy a water bottle with a filter in the end have it empty going through security and fill it at a water fountain. One trip I had business materials and checked a bag no problem I weighed the bag at home to make sure I was under the weight limit. Second trip I carried on a \"personal\" item which was a duffle bag it worked perfectly. To go through the gate I put my backpack inside the duffle, neck pillow around my neck, and water bottle in hand - no problems. Both trips I paid for the Big Front Seat and in my opinion worth every penny! So there is a recurring theme here, this airline requires you to pay attention, read the contract of carriage and abide by a little different set of rules. After readign the contract for carriage I realized buying travel insurance is a good idea with these guys because they can and will cancel a flight and only refund your money. You pay for the\"last minute\" flight on another airline and use the insurance to pay the difference. I found the flight crew to be nice and helped passengers put bags in the overhead bins. The flight attendants aren't supposed to do that."
"Having to book a last second business trip from DFW to ATL, I had few options. AA was $649 (not including $50 for a checked bag round trip) round trip, Delta was $726 (not including $50 for a checked bag round trip) round trip and Spirit was $276. Now, most of the review I have read on this site, are people complaining about all the charges for bags. I read everything on the website, including the baggage fees, and paid for my carry on and 1 checked bag at the time I booked my flight. The total flight cost, including my baggage fee, came out to $390. If you are complaining about the baggage charges, learn how to read! The plane got me to ATL on time, and back to DFW on time. What I did not like was the seat did not recline, and the overall attitude of the flight crew. But, I saved $309."
"In spite of reading many bad reviews about Spirit Airlines, I booked a trip to Myrtle Beach with my family round trip from Charleston. The flights were excellent as well as the airline staff from check in to the on board attendants. Friendliness was very evident and a desire to make our flights enjoyable. I have nothing but good to say about our experience with Spirit."
"I had to take an emergency flight out to SC, it was not a planned trip but I found Spirit Airlines online and booked it. The flight was very nice and the staff were great."
"DFW-SAN on 25JUN2015, on Spirit Airlines. Flight was on time, aircraft new and clean, and crew was friendly. Keep in mind, flying Spirit, you will pay for everything! I need an aisle seat, I pay $10 per seat assignment at time of booking - $20 well spent. I paid $266 RT (including seat assignments) for DFW-SAN round trip, almost $200 less than any other airline. I'm not complaining about my $3 coffee and muffin. The A319s still have the older more comfortable, but very cramped seats. I like that Spirit does not have Wi-Fi, or any IFE with a big underseat box that take legroom - they can't afford to give up anymore legroom."
"We had no problems withe the airlines. You need to read all of their website information as you are booking for terms and conditions. We were not expecting any frills or free items, but they have drinks and snacks if you want to buy them. We will fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Spirit does what they state on their web site, they get you there - cheaply. For that I give them 5 stars because they did exactly what the said they would do. The plane was full and the seats were close together. I read all about that before I bought the ticket and it was as they said it would be, hence the low cost. Plan ahead and know what to expect and it will be a great experience. Its obvious that some of the people that gave 1 star reviews didn't understand about cost of bags or any extras and not done their homework - and are now very disappointed."
"I was surprised to find that Spirit was fine for the short flight I took. I'm 5'10\" and had no problems whatsoever getting comfortable in the economy seats. The plane was clean enough, and flight crew all very friendly. My flight did get delayed both coming and returning to Chicago, so be prepared for delays (avoid Spirit if you're dealing with any connecting flights). Here's my overall takeaway from flying Spirit: 90% of your experience will be just like any other airline you've ever flown. There's no food (but do I really want airline food anyway? no.) Seats are ever so slightly smaller. You've got to pay for all carryons and checked bags. If you don't need to bring a big bag, be happy you don't have to pay for it. If you need to bring a big bag, then you'll just have to pay for it. I think it's fair. Based on my experience, if you go in with a flexible attitude and appreciate the low fare you paid, you'll be happy."
"We had a great experience on Spirit. There were 6 of us including two small children. I read the website over and over again to make sure on dimensions of luggage and weight. We didn't get hit with any extra charges. People should read carefully! Definitely fly them again. Captain even took my 5 year old son in the cockpit and showed him everything - first flight for my 3 and 5 year olds."
"I read past reviews and learned that you need to read their guidelines in advance. I avoided the $100 fee to check in at the gate but still had to pay somewhere between $40 - $50 just for a seat and a carry on bag. Simply getting a seat is extra - this was still OK for me, the total price was still cheap considering I booked the flight a couple days before it left. After reading the reviews I was fully anticipating a 1.5 hour delay, or more. Somehow a miracle occurred and our flight left only 20 minutes late - and we made up those 20 minutes on the flight back. However, flying out of LAX I looked at every other scheduled departures for Spirit and all of them were delayed by at least 2hours. I truly believe that people only complain when things go wrong - I thought maybe this airlines bad reviews are simply because those who get to where they're going with no hiccups never bother writing reviews. With that in mind I had every intention of writing a review, no matter how good or bad the flight went. My flight was good, but the fact that all other flights were delayed by that much scares me. I overheard some of their announcements on further delays, and no explanation was given. I'm not going to fly Spirit again purely for that reason. You know something's wrong when an airline can scare away a traveler for reasons that didn't affect their own flight."
"I was terrified to fly this airline after reading the terrible reviews, but for the price we ended up paying I couldn't resist. Surprisingly, we had a fairly smooth trip. Check in, both leaving and coming back, was smooth, no issues. Didn't get slapped with any additional fees since we followed all of the instructions on the site. The plane was early/on time both going there and coming back, although other Spirit flights around us were significantly delayed. I guess we got lucky. The plane was clean enough. Didn't bother paying for any snacks or beverages. Not a ton of leg space but not terrible. I'd say that we had a very average flight, but honestly that's all we needed. They got us to and from where we needed to go for a good price. I'd definitely fly again. There are better airlines out there for sure, but you really do get what you pay for in this case."
"Some of the reviews about Spirit baffle me: Much of the criticism seems to center on Spirit charging for everything other than getting you to your destination. I don't know if these people have been living under a rock or what, but everything Spirit charges extra for is clearly explained on their website. I have flown Spirit twice now, once from CLE to DFW, and once from CLE to LAS. Three of the four flights were on time, the fourth was delayed by about an hour. The Airbus A320 fleet - the only plane Spirit flies - is one of the newest in the industry. The interior was as clean as any other U.S. airline, though I admit that's a pretty low bar. For the most part, the crew was professional. At this price point, all you really can expect is a seat on a jet to get you from point A to point B. That's all, nothing more. And Spirit generally delivered on that promise. This is not to suggest that flying Spirit is for everyone: The seats are very thin, and if the person behind you decides to move his or her table tray around, it feels like someone is thrusting their knuckle - two knuckles - into your back. There is no curbside check-in. And because Spirit has no reciprocity with other airlines, if your flight is cancelled or suffers a long delay, you are stuck until Spirit can get you there, which may be 24 hours or more. But fortunately, I experienced none of these problems. If you read their website and can live with Spirit's scaled-down way of doing business, you stand a good chance of traveling for significantly cheaper than on any other U.S. airline."
"Leaving out of ATL, though we arrived on time, we were late to the terminal. It was like a scene out of a movie, my husband and I and our three small children running through the terminals to arrive right as the door was shut. We were crushed. The staff member that was at the terminal tried to find us another flight to Orlando, but nothing was flying out until the next morning. We were tired, hungry, and heartbroken as we tried explaining to our kids that it probably wasn't going to happen today. Everyone was very apologetic. That staff member saw that the plane was not taxing out and asked them to please reopen the gate to allow us on. They agreed and saved our vacation along with a few other travelers that did not make it in time. I cannot tell you how much we appreciated the staff working that gate. The cabin crew were on that flight were extremely accommodating. The plane was clean and we got to our destination safely and on time with our bags! Thank you to all of the Spirit Airlines employees working ATL this morning. You made our family vacation (first one in 8 years) possible."
"I guess everyone who has flown on Spirit cannot read because all the issues I've been reading about are said and explained to you when you book the flight. This airline is cheap and for people who don't take tons of baggage with them. They charge for what you use. Why would you pay extra for bags you don't use. You only pay what you need and is cheaper online. You can have your boarding passes and everything ready by the time you get there. The check in process was quick. Our gate was changed twice but was quickly notified by email. Another thing there are screens all over the airport that inform you where every flight is so it isn't hard to look up. Sorry for the sarcasm. Plane was delayed about 1.5 hours but was informed every step of th way. Boarding was quick and easy. Seats don't recline which suck but you are told about this. You do pay for snacks but you are allowed to bring some because I saw tons of people with them. Ordering your snacks was easy. I will fly this airline again."
"I was worried about flying Spirit after reading the reviews, but we must have gotten lucky because the experience wasn't bad. We flew from Dallas to Philadelphia round trip in June. The trip from DFW to Philly left on time and arrived on time. There was a two-hour delay leaving Philly, but we received an email alerting us to the delay hours before the flight. I've seen complaints about people being surprised by Spirit's fees. But if you read about their fees in advance, nothing should be a surprise. It can be costly ($100 to check a bag at the gate) if you don't do that. The airline is no frills. Not much leg room and there are charges for drinks (even water) on the flight. But our family of four flew from Dallas to Philly for $540. Tough to beat that price, but I would feel differently if a flight had been canceled instead of just delayed."
"I guess most people who fly Spirit and write reviews can't read, have no math skills, have never flown before, or think that we live in the \"glory days\" of glamour flight. I have flown all of the major US carriers, as well as, several European airlines. I find that there is no difference in the \"full-service\" airlines who claim that you are the \"Most important asset they have\", and the low cost carriers who provide the same basic transportation, but charge for extras. Flights delays happen to all carriers, all airlines charge for bags (unless you have elite status), most now charge for seat assignments (unless you want a middle seat or again have elite status), if they offer service food, it's terrible, and most of the major carriers are moving to a charge for snack service model. I really don't understand what everyone is complaining about. I've flown Spirit several times over the past few years and have never had a problem. Clean, new planes, on-time service, friendly staff, and most importantly, I arrived safely. I look forward to my next flight with Spirit!"
"Last year was my first time flying Spirit. I don't travel much and was a bit concerned about flying with Spirit because of the reviews. But they had the best price available (about 1/2 of the major airlines). I made sure to read all the FAQs and policies and had no problems whatsoever with Spirit. The folks who complain about the price don't read. With the base price and the charge for the check-in bags my son and I flew from LAX to Houston at a cost that was far less than other airlines. And it was a very good experience. I don't care to pay for any extra frills so Spirit works best for me. This year I am flying with Spirit again to Houston. This time I joined the $9 Fare Club and saved a good chunk of money on my airfare even with paying for a check-in bag and reserving my seat."
"Flight 377 5/13/15 out to Vegas. Flight 340 5/27/15 back to Latrobe. We flew Spirit to Las Vegas from Latrobe PA. Great price free parking and we enjoyed the whole experience. It was a great trip and we did not care about the fees for seat reservations or checked bag fees."
"Flew from Boston to Atlantic City a few weeks ago the experience was fine. The website was very clear about the baggage fees; even with the bag fee the trip was far less expensive than flight or train via Philadelphia. I was upgraded to a big bulkhead seat so can't comment on the coach seating. I noticed that although the plane was full the overhead bins were not. Therefore no one was forced to check a bag as often happens with other carriers (there is an advantage to charging for carry ons). No delay at check-in. Flight was on time and it did not take too long to collect my bag in ACY."
"May 14th Ft. Lauderdale to Atlantic City returning on 17th May. Flight 262 and 235. This was my first time flying Spirit I have to say I was a bit sceptical. Being that I was flying into Atlantic City and they are the only game in town I chose to keep my reservations. My wife and I arrived in Ft. Lauderdale an hour or so before our scheduled flight to AC. When we arrived and checked the departures I was glad to see that it said \"on time\". Being in Zone 1 I was one of the first to board. I expected to see this broken down rickety plane instead I entered a clean modern looking plane with \"Normal\" looking seats. I found my seats by the way my wife and I both booked aisle seats we were please to see that they looked and felt like any other airline seat. A little close together and a little cramped. But aren't they all? We encountered smiling helpful and cheerful flight attendants. The plane left on time and was one of the smoothest flights I have taken. The only negative is the fact that I asked for a bottle of water and they said they had to charge me $3. I politely declined. Our return trip to Ft. Lauderdale was equally as positive. Both left and arrived on time and with a thoroughly professional and upbeat crew."
"We flew from Baltimore to Las Vegas. One flight was straight through and the other one we had to get a connecting flight. Every flight was on time. We had no problems with any staff. There wasn't a lot of leg room and not only did our first group of flight attendants apologize for that fact but my husband and daughter who are taller than my 5'6\" did not complain. It would be better if they provided more of the roomier seats."
"April 28 flight 832 to Orlando. May 2 flight 713 to Houston. This was the first time I had flown Spirit so I was a little apprehensive. My total experience was very positive! The cost of the flight was amazingly low. The Spirit personnel were friendly and the plane itself was clean and comfortable. The flight itself was smooth and on time."
"April 8 2015 flight 323 and April 13 2015 flight 424. When we booked with Spirit I was terrified for our flight due to all these awful reviews. After flying with them I feel like a lot of people only write reviews when they get bad service. I know a lot of people actually have had bad experiences but ours was fine. Yes you do have to pay for everything but they do tell you that on the website. I flew to LAX from MSP with my husband and two little girls. Flights were all on time. Everyone was nice. No problems at all. If you're thinking of flying Spirit don't let all these bad reviews deter you."
"On April 22 I returned home from ORD to PDX on Spirit Airlines departing at 8.35pm. The flight was uneventful and got me to Portland safely and on time. The airplane was new and I did not buy anything onboard. I only had a backpack which was free and I did online check-in and boarding pass printing at the hotel to avoid the $10 fee at O'Hare Airport. I have their credit card so I redeemed 5000 miles and paid $13.10 for this one way. I can not complain about the experience because I know their rules and I come out ahead without paying any extra fees."
"I flew from Minneapolis to Baltimore on April 28th and came back on May 6th. Both flights were on time and the plane was very comfortable. Also you definitely can't beat the price. I will fly Spirit any time I have to fly again!"
"Took a flight last week from Plattsburgh to Fort Lauderdale. The flight was on time and we arrived at the right time. Be sure to read carefully their website about additional fees if you want no surprises. Boarding passes were printed at home so no 10 $ charge at the airport. My seat was pretty uncomfortable and pretty much no room for a 6 foot 2 guy like me but beside of that everything went just fine. Will fly with them again."
"I flew last weekend from DFW to Cleveland. On the outbound trip my flight was delayed about 1.5 hrs but I did receive emails alerting me to the delay and the gate agent did make several announcement to keep us posted. The pilots did a great job of making up for lost time and got us there in 2 hours. The flight attendants were courteous and service was about what you'd expect from other airlines. Yes this airline is a-la-carte so you do pay for what you use whether it's paying for checked baggage carry-ons or even beverages. Since my airfare was cheap even with buying an assigned seat I had no problem paying 3 dollars for an apple juice you are paying for and getting the whole can. Yes the seats do not recline but they weren't necessarily uncomfortable and you don't have to worry about the guy in front of you reclining his seat at all which is a plus. I'm a shorter than average person so I had plenty of knee room. In conclusion if you are thinking about flying Spirit Airlines be sure and do your homework. If you do your homework and figure out what they charge for certain services you can plan on what to pay and still probably make out cheaper than other airlines. It's always good to shop around and depending on the circumstances Spirit can save you money on your flight. They might not always be the cheapest but in my case I was able to fly to Cleveland round-trip for $118 including seat assignment. I didn't check a bag; I just had a small duffle bag that qualified to be brought on for free. Again do your homework with Spirit so you can navigate their fees; I cannot stress that enough. Lastly would I consider flying them again? My answer is Yes."
"Flight 351 4/23/15. Flight 352 4/27/15. This is how my entire experience panned out: As a student I needed the best possible deal after looking up online I had to choose between Frontier and Spirit and ended up saving some bucks on Spirit. Honestly with the kind of deal I got I was expecting bad service (like any other budget airline). But they surprised me! It is one of the best flying experiences I've had. Starting from check-in (which takes less than 5 mins at the airport with prior online check-in) to the in-flight experience they deliver exactly what they pitch you cant expect world class menus and inflight entertainment but it gets you from A to B on time and in comfort."
"4/13/2015 flight 660 from MCI-ORD. Thank goodness there is at least one true budget airline operating again in the US! All the usual trappings of the no-frill airlines but I was quite surprised what huge bags the women at security in front of me smuggled onto the plane as the \"free personal item\". My leg space was very limited as I am 6'3 with long legs but I really liked the fact that the passenger in front of me couldn't recline his seat. Leg room was actually better than on Air Berlin's Airbus last month. The plane was brand new (compared to the 20-year old planes I'm used to flying on AA). We arrived in Chicago early no rude employees anywhere but then again I had no reason to talk to anyone except TSA employees (since everything's done online and there is no beverage service)."
"A group of four of us decided to gamble on Spirit because we were able to find four seats at $77 round trip from KC to Houston. I read all of the reviews and was prepared for a miserable experience. We packed it all light (small backpack) printed out our boarding passes at home and were on our way. I found the plane to be quite clean (even though it just landed from Las Vegas on a red-eye). The counter staff and flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Our return was equally pleasant and the flight crew was even better. Are the seats comfy? Well they're $77 comfy. I'd gladly fly with them again."
"Flew from Cleveland Ohio to Las Vegas April 19. Spirit exceeded my expectations. Big front seats were great and worth the $55 each. We always buy water and snacks at airport anyway so did not purchase on flight. We always check luggage so I am glad the carry-on people get charged too. Maybe that will stop them from trying to get luggage too big in the overhead compartments. Did not require any assistance from Flight Crew. The seats are tight for a four hour flight but a two hour flight would be ok. Plane was clean and newer. On the way home flight was delayed 45 min. Not a big deal. Same experience on flight home. Printed boarding pass at Spirit kioks-no fee. Bring your own entertainment."
"My wife and three kids flew from DFW to Tampa 3 weeks ago for spring break and it was great as expected. We have flown Spirit multiple times to Orlando LAX New Orleans Las Vegas and Denver over the past three years and always plan ahead! I get a chuckle at the amount of complaining people do for their own mistake of not reading in advance the rules and charges that they are agreeing to or ignoring. You have to read the website when you are booking and they tell you the costs up front. Spirit hides nothing people just need to read or call and ask questions. We always each carry a backpack and prepay for two check ons going and coming. I never pay for a seat assignment and they have always kept our family together on the same row!! Buy in advance when you book and you will save. We don't buy too many things onboard the plane and the crews are always very nice. Thank you Spirit for budget travel for us people who know how you work!!! I will continue to fly Spirit as it is only a means from getting from one point to the next. We will be flying them again this July to Vegas. As an air traffic controller I can tell you the pilots are also very professional and great to work with."
"O'Hare Chicago April 14th 2015 flight 729 and return from Tampa FL April 22nd 2015 flight 728. My first time flying with Spirit and like many consumers I read reviews being that there were so many negative ones I was quite nervous I read all the tips and used them such as pay for my carry on in advance check in and print boarding pass the day before. My flight boarded and left on time I was comfortable the stewardesses were nice our flight to Tampa Florida arrived 20 minutes early! Going home was pretty much the same smooth comfortable flight all on time. We paid a great price and I am very happy."
"N8986Z Flight 293 Mar 26 2015. Flight 360 Mar 31 2015. Had a great trip because I knew what to expect. I had a backpack no carry on printed out my boarding pass before going to the airport. It was only a two hour flight but I ate and drank before I boarded. I am 5'2\" so the seats were comfortable. Entertained myself with my iPad. There were a lot of kids but the parents were on top of the situation and kept the kids calm."
"Flew round trip Kansas City - Chicago last week with my family and had good experiences on both flights. Cons: Standard seats don't recline (but it was okay for us since it was only an hour flight each way) and it doesn't look like the plane was cleaned between flights there were crumbs on the floor and some trash in the seat pockets. Pros: Flights were on time nice flight attendants (on our way home after learning that my son wasn't feeling well one of the flight attendant gave him ginger ale for free). The low cost (even with paying for checking in our baggage and buying some drinks for the kids we still saved at least a couple of hundreds)."
"We (3) flew round trip from Philadelphia to Las Vegas on March 18-21. Although the outbound flight was late I have no way of knowing where the delay initiated so I can't assume it was Spirit fault. I chose Spirit because it was non stop. Other similar priced flights had one stop. If you book online they make it quite clear why they are cheap and what you can do to save money. They give you packing tips measurements requirements and constant reminders: it's bare fare. If you are an informed consumer you know you are getting what you pay for and not a penny more. Flight attendant outbound was incredibly entertaining from the moment the flight started. It was like getting a mini Vegas act. Flight attendants both ways were always professional and polite. Food was pricey but you can bring your own if you're counting pennies. Didn't use the bathrooms. Leg space limited for 6'2\" son but ok for us."
"I flew with Spirit Airlines this past week for the first time. I was extremely nervous from the reviews. I was traveling with kids and I only was going to Florida for 4 nights. I was prepared and read up on all reviews and read the Spirit website so I had knowledge of everything. There would be no surprises. I realize now that everyone who complained did not read the website. I printed boarding passes at home so I would not be charged at airport. Went straight to gate. I packed light so no bags were checked so no cost. Have a bag with the correct dimensions. Boarded on time and landed early. The food on plane was not that expensive I looked at menu but didn't buy. Bought stuff for plane already. Its not a super fancy plane my seat reclined. I'm 5'7\" and the legroom isn't there really but I had the flight pick my seats on website at no cost and luckily we were still put together. Like they mention on website you get what you pay for. Had a great experience returning also. I will fly with them again if the price is right! IAH to FLL direct!"
"First time flying with Spirit airlines. Last minute flight from Minneapolis/St Paul MN to Los Angeles for a funeral. Availability of times dates was good. Price was half of all other airlines. No problems or delays on initial flight. Staff were genuinely good. No hidden fees as people report. No free food but option to buy or carry on. Seating was comfortable plane was clean and staff thanked us for cleaning up after ourselves. Remember you chose Spirit because you were flying for half the fair! Small setback on way back we had a delay but good communication via schedule monitor and staff announcements. Plane staff courteous and even apologized for delay and thanked us for flying and patience for the delay. I would recommend and might fly Spirit again in future."
"In the last month I've flown Spirit 3 times and another in a week. All from Houston to ATL KC and Tampa. Yes they do charge $10 to pick your seat and the seats are rather uncomfortable when you compare pricing you will find that after you have checked 1 bag per person and have paid the random fees most airlines charge you they come out a lot cheaper. I recommend you print your passes before you get to the airport as they charge for every little thing if you need anything. My first flight the flight attendants were excellent they had a very funny safety presentation. That flight I flew in the base seats and it was rather uncomfortable. After my ATL flight I decided to upgrade to the big seats up front. They were very comfortable and very roomy. They are worth it. My flight to KC was delayed 2 hours. I joined the $9 fare club which paid for itself the first flight as I save an average of $40 per flight on tickets and luggage. I will say that there is merit to some of the bad reviews above but if you want or need to fly cheap Spirit is a quality airline and as I said before I read before I buy and Spirit has an average airline fleet age of 4.5 years which is 10 years less than the more popular airline. They do allow you to move seats next to your party after take off if you don't get seated next to your party. I booked my latest flight to Tampa for 8 people a week ago 2 weeks before travel and for 8 people 5 in the big chairs and 3 in the small seats it was around $1100."
"This was the first time I flew with Spirit. We flew to Fort Lauderdale from Niagara on Feb 25 with no issues. Everything went smoothly. However on the way back on Mar 3 the flight got cancelled due to bad weather after several delays. We were lucky enough to get another flight 2 days later (due to me running to the ticket counter once the fight was cancelled) but some people couldn't get a flight until Mar 9 and 10. Thankfully we had a place to stay for another 2 days. When we returned to the airport on Mar 5 everything went really smoothly. Flight was on time and we had an excellent counter service rep who was friendly and pleasant. We were on flight 416 and all the staff were so friendly and welcoming. Additional comments: Leg room was too tight. I'm 5'8\" and my knees were right up against the seat in front of me. Headrest didn't have the flaps that turned in so was very difficult for try and rest if you are in the middle seat. But for the price and for a flight under 3 hrs it's manageable."
"In the last month I've flown Spirit 3 times and another in a week. All from Houston to ATL KC and Tampa. Yes they do charge $10 to pick your seat and the seats are rather uncomfortable when you compare pricing you will find that after you have checked 1 bag per person and have paid the random fees most airlines charge you they come out a lot cheaper. I recommend you print your passes before you get to the airport as they charge for every little thing if you need anything. My first flight the flight attendants were excellent they had a very funny safety presentation. That flight I flew in the base seats and it was rather uncomfortable. After my ATL flight I decided to upgrade to the big seats up front. They were very comfortable and very roomy. They are worth it. My flight to KC was delayed 2 hours. I joined the $9 fare club which paid for itself the first flight as I save an average of $40 per flight on tickets and luggage. I will say that there is merit to some of the bad reviews above but if you want or need to fly cheap Spirit is a quality airline and as I said before I read before I buy and Spirit has an average airline fleet age of 4.5 years which is 10 years less than the more popular airline. They do allow you to move seats next to your party after take off if you don't get seated next to your party. I booked my latest flight to Tampa for 8 people a week ago 2 weeks before travel and for 8 people 5 in the big chairs and 3 in the small seats it was around $1100."
"I flew with Spirit for the first time round trip from Las Vegas to Dallas with my 8 year old little girl. We were worried that our night flight would be canceled due to the weather in Dallas therefore we arrived at the airport early in the morning to fly on standby for an 11am flight. We were able to fly on the 11am flight with no cost increase and we were even given the more spacious seats. We carried two backpacks on the plane (1 per each) with all of our stuff therefore we had no luggage fees. Coming home we printed our boarding passes out at the rental car facility and there was no charge. To be honest I read all the rules called Spirit to double check everything and wound up saving a lot of money. Total cost was $180 round trip for both of us. I will definitely be using them again."
"I never flew Spirit in the summer months but I can comment on Feb-March service. First of all I think Spirit is a great deal and would put up with inconveniences to save a sizeable chunk of change. However a word to the wise if you are on prescription medication take at least a weeks worth of extra medication with you and do not plan on positively coming home on the date of your return ticket. When conditions are bad at your departure site arrival site or point of the planes original departure you can easily be stranded for 2 3 7 days. Spirit makes no attempt to reschedule you other than their next flight. They will offer to give your money back but that usually leaves you to purchase a much more expensive flight on another airline. Take extra money and be prepared to stay on for awhile i ncase you become delayed! Also the passenger in the seat in front of me was voluntarily moved from his \"extra legroom\" seat. Mid-flight the attendant offered to move him to an exit row but when the passenger asked about refunding his $18 that he had paid for the original seat he was out of luck! They would not offer him anything other than to move him to an exit row. That would have meant moving other people out of the way so he declined. This is a no-frills airline so be prepared!"
"I took this airlines from Chicago (ORD) to LaGuardia New York (LGA) on January 18 2014 and January 23 2014. I reached the airport and printed out the boarding pass from the Self Service Printing Machine in front of the counters. I was not charged for anything. Going into boarding area is fuss free as well as the boarding experience. My wife seated on the aisle while I'm at the middle of the three seater. I didn't bring any check in luggage or any carry in that is too big. I only have a small bag with me that I need to put in front of my leg. I slept a bit during the flight. The flight attendant was nice. Overall we had a safe and efficient (no incident) flight. Probably due to low season (but the flight is almost full)."
"I've flown Spirit a few times the first time I flew was with my four children and I have to admit it was pretty smooth! I read ahead so I wasn't surprised with any additional fees and for the price considering the flight was last minute it was an all around great deal. My most recent flight was just as good I flew to Atlanta again last minute. And it was great. I took advantage of the \"bare fare\". I will admit the flight attendants were a little crabby but hey for the price I'll take a little attitude. My next flight will most likely be Spirit."
"I traveled to Orlando Florida last week from Dallas via Spirit Airlines. The round-trip flight was surprisingly wonderful despite my apprehension after reading so many negative reviews about Spirit. The flight attendants were friendly and welcoming the airplane was large and seats were comfortable both inbound and outbound flights departed and arrived on time. Having checked in my bag online and printed my boarding pass before I arrived at the airport made the experience effortless when no additional costs. I am so glad I decided to give Spirit a chance instead of listening to the negativity. Wonderful experience and now Spirit will be my plane of choice going forward."
"My husband and I took our five kids to Florida on Spirit Airlines. It was easy and excellent. It was super cost effective. We didn't have to pay for any carry-ons as our backpacks were accepted easily as our \"personal item.\" All flights were on time. Planes were clean seats were great for the short flight (3 hours) and all the staff there and back were friendly and helpful! Loved saving money and would absolutely fly Spirit again."
"We flew from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on Feb 14 and the return flight was on Feb 21 with our 9.5 month son. We were happy with their service. We booked our flight for $312! Two adults one infant one checked in bag and we chose our seats at the time of booking. All for $312 including taxes and the charges. No hidden fees. We went to the airport after checking in online to avoid charges. (Clearly mentioned on website and email). We traveled with one checked in bag two backpacks my son's diaper bag and stroller with a car seat (the stroller and the car seat were free of charge). The flight was good seats do not recline but were comfy. You have to pay for food and snacks I wish they would provide at least water for free. The staff were ok. Some were friendly and some didn't say anything. There was a one hour delay on our return flight. Overall I would recommend Spirit and will travel again with them."
"My husband and I took our five kids to Florida on Spirit Airlines. It was easy and excellent. It was super cost effective. We didn't have to pay for any carry-ons as our backpacks were accepted easily as our \"personal item.\" All flights were on time. Planes were clean seats were great for the short flight (3 hours) and all the staff there and back were friendly and helpful! Loved saving money and would absolutely fly Spirit again."
"We flew from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on Feb 14 and the return flight was on Feb 21 with our 9.5 month son. We were happy with their service. We booked our flight for $312! Two adults one infant one checked in bag and we chose our seats at the time of booking. All for $312 including taxes and the charges. No hidden fees. We went to the airport after checking in online to avoid charges. (Clearly mentioned on website and email). We traveled with one checked in bag two backpacks my son's diaper bag and stroller with a car seat (the stroller and the car seat were free of charge). The flight was good seats do not recline but were comfy. You have to pay for food and snacks I wish they would provide at least water for free. The staff were ok. Some were friendly and some didn't say anything. There was a one hour delay on our return flight. Overall I would recommend Spirit and will travel again with them."
"I have absolutely nothing to complain about on my first Spirit Airlines experience. I know the reputation of the airline however on my trip I was impressed with the experience for the price I paid. I flew DFW-CLE round-trip just a few days after the route started. I took only a personal size item and made sure I followed all the rules to avoid extra fees. The trip cost me $68 round trip total out the door. Flights were on time flight attendants were humorous and nice. I will say the experience was no worse than any other airline I have flown (I fly once every 1-2 months) and given the cost may have been better. This route will allow me to visit family at home in CLE more often. I felt I needed to give credit where it was due given the majority of the reviews for Spirit."
"Having flown Spirit twice now I can honestly say that some of the criticism is justified but most of it is not. I flew to Dallas on Spirit out of Cleveland which is a new market for Spirit. We actually bought our tickets at the airport to save the so-called \"passenger usage fee.\" We did save that fee but they charge you more to check your bag at the airport even though we weren't taking our flight for another two months. So in the end you do save some money but probably not enough to justify a drive to the airport. It should also be noted that the people working the Spirit counter in CLE were pretty inept and the \"manager\" at the counter seemed annoyed we would buy our tickets at the airport. There was one woman though who was very helpful and tried her best to help us. Based on what I saw at the airport and online most of Spirit's work staff is outsourced and our experience makes for a pretty damning case against outsourcing. One step forward; two steps back. When we arrived at the airport for our flight we had a \"baggage drop\" pass since we had checked in online. This suggested that we would simply drop our bags off and go. Or that there was at least a separate line just for baggage drop. No such luck: We waited in line like everyone else. The only benefit is that the line was short. Another step back. The flight was delayed over an hour though in fairness much of the country was in the grip of a winter storm and LOTS of airlines had delays. Now for the flight itself: Much has been made about Spirit's filthy planes non- existent legroom and awful flight crew. I am 5'10\" and while the legroom was tight again it was no worse than most other airlines. I will say that the seats are pretty thinly padded. The flight back was right on time crew was even better. All of this came at a price that was well over $100 less than other carriers. And it was a direct flight. So there's the pay-off. I have the spirit to fly Spirit again."
"I travel Spirit a lot between Ft. Myers and Dallas in the winter to visit my girlfriend. Cheap tickets! If you go to the airport they are even cheaper than buying online 99.9% of the time. It even says on the bottom of the website tickets may be cheaper at the airport! I have a round trip ticket to go this weekend for $30.22. I fly a lot this way check your price online then if close run to your airport and get your ticket. I travel with my allowed small bag with no fee and bring my own drinks! FYI for all you frequent travelers if you take your water bottle or other drink and freeze it you can take it through TSA as it's a solid and not a liquid I never pay $3-$4 for a bottle of water at the airport! Yes seats are not roomy but it's only 2 hours or so to get there some times at the airport they even ask you what seat you want to get with no charge if they are 'nice' I got 7A for tomorrow's flight! Have flown several times this year and no problems!"
"7/24 Baltimore to Bogota - flight 301 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 807. 9/2. Bogota to Baltimore - flight 400 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 240. I've never flown a budget airline before. Didn't even know it was a budget airline when I booked through Orbitz until a friend told me the reason why it was so inexpensive. Lucky for me I am experienced traveller and I always pack light. My flight was from Baltimore to Bogota Colombia (via Miami). These were short flights. All flights departed on and arrived time planes were clean crew and pilots were as professional as any other U.S. major airlines with a savings of nearly $250. Yes I'll take $250 instead of a bag of peanuts coke and unassigned seats. I got window seats as requested. I forgot to print my boarding pass when leaving Colombia; fortunately for me Colombia doesn't allow pre-printed boarding pass so everyone had to wait in this long line to get their tickets - which didn't bother me because I knew I would catch my flight because there was no way they were going to take off with 75% of passenger at the ticket counter - with all that we still departed on time."
"I travel Spirit a lot between Ft. Myers and Dallas in the winter to visit my girlfriend. Cheap tickets! If you go to the airport they are even cheaper than buying online 99.9% of the time. It even says on the bottom of the website tickets may be cheaper at the airport! I have a round trip ticket to go this weekend for $30.22. I fly a lot this way check your price online then if close run to your airport and get your ticket. I travel with my allowed small bag with no fee and bring my own drinks! FYI for all you frequent travelers if you take your water bottle or other drink and freeze it you can take it through TSA as it's a solid and not a liquid I never pay $3-$4 for a bottle of water at the airport! Yes seats are not roomy but it's only 2 hours or so to get there some times at the airport they even ask you what seat you want to get with no charge if they are 'nice' I got 7A for tomorrow's flight! Have flown several times this year and no problems!"
"7/24 Baltimore to Bogota - flight 301 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 807. 9/2. Bogota to Baltimore - flight 400 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 240. I've never flown a budget airline before. Didn't even know it was a budget airline when I booked through Orbitz until a friend told me the reason why it was so inexpensive. Lucky for me I am experienced traveller and I always pack light. My flight was from Baltimore to Bogota Colombia (via Miami). These were short flights. All flights departed on and arrived time planes were clean crew and pilots were as professional as any other U.S. major airlines with a savings of nearly $250. Yes I'll take $250 instead of a bag of peanuts coke and unassigned seats. I got window seats as requested. I forgot to print my boarding pass when leaving Colombia; fortunately for me Colombia doesn't allow pre-printed boarding pass so everyone had to wait in this long line to get their tickets - which didn't bother me because I knew I would catch my flight because there was no way they were going to take off with 75% of passenger at the ticket counter - with all that we still departed on time."
"I flew from LAS-LAX on 2/12 for $20.10 and it was a great flight. First you can save yourself the $17.99 (each way) Passenger Usage Fee (PUF) by purchasing your ticket in advance at the airport. The agent who sold me the ticket was very nice and even reserved a seat assignment for me at no extra charge. I took a personal item that meets their requirement so I didn't have to pay to check any bags. My flight was 15 minutes late but the captain made up for it so we arrived in LAX well before the scheduled arrival time. I didn't buy any beverages because it's only a 40-minute flight. The flight attendants and staff were friendly and helpful. Let's face it: I can't even take a bus for $20.10!"
"Traveled from Baltimore MD to Dallas TX on January 22 and return on January 27. The ticket was so cheap ($89 dollars) I could not believe I was going to board the plane without paying extra. I was very careful during the booking online because there are lot of options that add money to the ticket (seat selection checking luggage etc..) but everything is on the website. The flight was on time. I missed my return flight from DFW the lady at the counter was very nice and managed to put me on a different flight with a connection to Chicago (at no extra charge) and I finally arrived in Baltimore at 11.45pm. I would recommend you give Spirit a try."
"Our family of four flew round-trip from Atlantic City to Orlando for $460. It was a great deal. We read the fine print each packed a small bag for 2 nights [so no baggage fees] and snacks [so no refreshment fees]. Our flight to Orlando was flawless on time and as promised. One of our family was in a wheelchair and was accommodated politely professionally and without incident. Our return flight was scheduled to leave Orlando at the height of the predicted 'Storm of Historic Proportion' but we were able to change our seats to an earlier flight for no charge [Weather Buster policy]. That departure was delayed about 3 hours due to the late arrival from AC [weather related] of our plane and time it took to inspect it before boarding was allowed. We were the last plane out before everything on the East Coast closed down and all flights were cancelled. Despite 60 mph wind gusts and storm warnings our pilot got us to our destination safely and made a smooth landing. The plane was full of fussy children but that is to be expected on a flight to/from The Happiest Place on Earth. The seats were small but sufficient. The fees are annoying but clearly posted and explained on their website. Our experience w/Spirit Airline was excellent from customer service both telephone and in person] to flight. Anyone who reads the fine print should not have any problem in my opinion. We will definitely consider flying Spirit again on future short trips."
"On 12/24 and 1/10 four adults flew round trip from Los Angeles to Guatemala via Ft. Lauderdale. There were no surprises. All flights arrived on time or a little early. We saved at least $250/per round-trip ticket. Seats are cramped and me at 6'3\" did take advantage of the aisle seat to stretch out-especially on the Florida to California leg. The newer planes have seats that don't recline-which I appreciate-but the older planes' seats do recline a few inches. Even though we had pre-printed boarding passes on the return flight from Guatemala to Los Angeles-we were issued new boarding passes. So I am thinking that the rule about printing the passes to avoid the $10/ticket fee does not apply to the flights originating in a foreign country. This should be clarified so those passengers don't fret the printing process which can be difficult in a foreign land."
"I have used Spirit Airlines often over the last 3 years and am very happy with the company. I go from Plattsburgh to Fort Lauderdale as often as I can and am really happy that I can book trips for as cheap as Spirit puts them on for. I have booked trips this winter in September October November December January and February and all of the return flights have cost me $46.10 each. The plane is an airbus 300 and you feel like you are on a bus. There are no extrast he seats are tight and do not recline but the flight is direct and I manage to bring my own extras as snacks and water and save on the cost of the flight. Instead of having a more comfortable seat with a free drink and a stop over along the wayI get there faster and put the 250 dollars I save on each trip towards lots more fun when I get there. They provide exactly what I want so I hope they do not change."
"We flew from DFW to Ft Myers on Dec 27 and back on Jan 3. I bought 6 tickets and after checking other airlines Spirit was so much less expensive so I decided to give them a try. I was a little worried after reading some poor reviews online but I have to say that the entire experience from check in to landing was excellent. The staff were friendly and helpful both in Dallas and Ft Myers the flights were on time and the landings were some of the smoothest I've experienced. We prepaid for our checked luggage and printed boarding passes before we got to the airport so we didn't encounter any unexpected charges. No the seats don't recline but I really hate it when the person in front of me lays their seat down into my space so that is a plus for me. Yes I had to pay for drinks on the flight but since I saved approximately $2000 on the tickets I didn't mind too much. I recommend using this airline anytime but review the website before you go. They are upfront about all the additional charges but you have to read the information."
"Spirit Airlines invites all passengers with pre paid carry on to board first so there is no way passengers won't get space above seats storage. I recently flew to Vegas from Philadelphia then Vegas to Oakland/SF then back few days later Vegas to Philadelphia. All of my flights were on time and arrived early."
"Perfect scores on everything because Spirit met my expectation at all categories. Every rule and fee is right there on their websites. Spirit doesn't trick anyone to join their fare club or getting its credit card it's always about choice of yes or no. Most people complaining didn't read carefully in the first place. Spirit is honest about its seat pitch and the recline - and you can upgrade to nicer seats. Spirit is not for those who can't pack lightly or going to a job interviews important event of lifetime. Delays and cancellations happen and many are not the airlines fault by all means please fly legacy airlines. The key to save money and enjoy the Spirit rock bottom price is reading everything carefully double check the name and itinerary before buying. Buy tickets at the airport - it waives the booking fee when buying directly at the counter. If the airport is close and there is cheap way to go there it's worth it to save some decent money. If the Spirit website is down when checking in online then by all mean print that screen error message out as written proof to the agents at the airport to print boarding pass for you for free."
"Flight 224 Nov 16 2014 Chicago to NYC and return flight 847 Nov 18 2014. I read the bad on-time reviews and was prepared for the same results. I was pleasantly surprised. The flight was on time going and coming. I would recommend Spirit Airlines in the Chicago-NYC segment. The employees were friendly and helpful. They made my trip excellent."
"Traveled from Boston to West Palm Beach for $58 - that wouldn't even pay for gas if I drove. New plane (A320) with great flight attendants and pilots! I highly recommend Spirit and will fly them whenever I can."
"11/13/2014 Flight 298. Just flew to Houston Texas because of a death in our family. I had heard all the horror stories and did not know what we were in for. However I watched a youtube video on how to avoid fees and enjoy your flight I followed the instructions and the flight was great. I am a big guy so we paid for the big seats and we were comfortable going and coming back. We checked bags and had carry on but it was still cheaper than the other airlines. Spirit sent me a number of emails so we would not be nickel and dimed. We went on a sad occasion but the flight was great get the big seats and you will enjoy your flight."
"I flew November (2014) from Detroit to Denver (and back). I was pleasantly surprised on the following: The plane to Denver was very clean and the flight was on time and staff were pleasant and personable. This flight was in the afternoon and staff did do a \"pitch\" for the Credit card but they did not pressure us. They walked the craft asking if we wanted to buy anything a couple times and walked the craft 3 or 4 times looking for trash - they seem to be on the move quite a bit back and forth on the plane. They did have a few minutes of down time - where they congregated in the back near the restrooms. I didn't pre-order my seat or additional bags. I had one personal item that fit easily in their \"check container. I did not see them question anyone about their carry-on bags nor did I see anyone angry or any of the Staff acting rudely to the passengers everyone seemed happy and pleasant. The plane was about 3/4 full. I let them choose my seat. I traveled alone. I was given an aisle seat - a pleasant couple sat next to me. There were children on this flight and 2 service dogs. I wasn't bothered by either of them - all in all a very pleasant flight. You can take food on the plane and drink (drinks purchased or water bottles filled after security). The plane from Denver to Detroit was a little late leaving Denver (due to snowy conditions and the need for de-icing.) However we arrived in Detroit very near to our scheduled time. This was a Red-eye type flight. That plane was a little dirty but not bad (crumbs on the seat and some smashed spots on the carpet - most likely from children). Staff were pleasant and they didn't make a sales pitch for their Credit Card during this flight. They did ask a couple times if we needed anything (to buy) and walked the craft a couple times for trash. This flight was less than 1/2 full so they didn't have as many people to service. I notice they sat most of the flight in the last row reading and talking. Which didn't bother me - it was simply an easy flight for them. I did not witness anyone unhappy with the staff nor did I see anyone being questioned about their bags. There were a couple children on this flight which did not bother me. I would definitely suggest this airline. However before booking read their regulations/rules and cost of each service they provide Do your research and see if it would be cost effective for you. It was for me I flew for $106.00 (including the yearly $9 club fee). That fee paid for itself in this one flight."
"We just returned from a round trip flight on Spirit from San Diego to Cabo San Lucas. Cost of the flight approx $255 the next least expensive was $380. A great saving. You need to know their rules as they are a little different in order to save money. Do everything ahead online print boarding pass pay for checked luggage accept random seat assignment. It was a new plane attendants young and could not have been more accommodating none of the grouchy attendants that have been in the unfriendly skies for over 30 years. Left on time and arrived on time. Sure the seats are cramped as they do not recline I'm OK with that as I do not have the person in front of me leaning back and putting the tray in my face. Both times our one suitcase was waiting for us when we got to the baggage area. Would we fly with them again yes."
"I booked my trip then read the airline reviews and I was quite concerned. But I figured I was only flying from Baltimore to Myrtle Beach so how bad could it be for the cost - the cost of round trip for both my husband and myself including baggage was about $700 less than any other airline flying out of Baltimore how can you not take advantage of it. First the website clearly states about any additional baggage fees and carry on fees so people that were complaining about that just plainly did not read! I packed one checked bag for my husband and myself paid for it in advance and made sure it was under 40 pounds. For our personal baggage I had a large pocket book and he had his c-pap machine. I printed my boarding pass the day before our trip and let them assign our seat at no extra cost! We were assigned seats together! Arrived at the airport and was able to go right through to Fast Bag Drop since I paid for my checked bag in advance when purchasing our tickets. The person that checked us in couldn't have been any nicer! We ate breakfast at the airport then proceeded to wait for boarding which boarded on time and we took off about 6 minutes earlier since everyone was on board. Next our crew was excellent they provided some entertaining comments which I thought were quite refreshing. One hour later we were in Myrtle Beach. The morning we came home there was fog and our plane left about 1/2 hour later but still everyone was pleasant. The crew on the return flight wasn't as jovial as the flight down but no complaints. I would fly this airline again to Myrtle Beach and if taking a longer flight I would compare prices and make my judgement at that time. I think people just need to read. It's not like it's in fine print it plainly states their rules which I read thoroughly before booking. Thanks Spirit for making my first trip on your airline enjoyable!"
"Latrobe to Myrtle Beach September 15 and returned a week later. The outbound flight left early and arrived 30 minutes early. The return flight left on time and arrived on time. Service at check-in was friendly and helpful. Service on the aircraft was great too. The aircraft was clean and looked fairly new. There were no unexpected surprises and I was amazed that there was so much space available in the overheads once the doors were locked. All in all a great time. I have a permanent Gold card on American and have been a gold flier on both United and Air Canada. Spirit is a great airline as long as you read and understand their website."
"First time flying on Spirit Family of four saved about $800. Flying round trip MSP to LAX (non-stop) the flight there left on time and landed a little early yes seats are a little closer than most airlines but again 3.5 hour flight saving $800 not much of an issue for all 4 of us on the flight back we sat in the Big front seats which are excellent. Yes they charge for everything - Drinks snacks carry-on bags its posted all over their website and they are very upfront about all of the fees. We will definitely fly Spirit again."
"We used Spirit Airlines on Oct.15th. We were going to Orlando from DFW. It was our first time on a plane ever. The prices were cheap so we went with it. Didn't read reviews till after. After reading reviews we were very worried that our experience would be very horrible. Not the case at all! Everything from the service to the checking in was so easy. The plane was clean and the flight attendants were very helpful and attentive. Would definitely fly Spirit again! Great prices and great service!"
"First time flying on Spirit Family of four saved about $800. Flying round trip MSP to LAX (non-stop) the flight there left on time and landed a little early yes seats are a little closer than most airlines but again 3.5 hour flight saving $800 not much of an issue for all 4 of us on the flight back we sat in the Big front seats which are excellent. Yes they charge for everything - Drinks snacks carry-on bags its posted all over their website and they are very upfront about all of the fees. We will definitely fly Spirit again."
"I was very wary about using Spirit Airlines after reading all of the bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised by what I experienced. First off read the whole website about fees or you will be upset and pay more. If you bring a purse and laptop they will charge you for the laptop unless you can fit it in your purse. Watch the videos about packing so you have no surprises. I left last Wed out of Minneapolis to Detroit. I printed by own boarding passes so I was not charged. Counter ladies very friendly. I went to my gate again counter ladies very friendly. The people that were upset and mad were due to them not reading the website and understanding all the fees. If you do not read the website and all the fees you will pay extra at the gate to bring your bag on. Pilots flight attendants very friendly. I chose not to pay for a seat it was only an hour flight. So I was given a middle - again only an hour flight. If I was flying to Los Angeles from MPLS I may have chosen the bigger seats and paid the additional money. Plane was new and very clean. Seats are narrow. If you are a bigger person pay for the bigger seat. Very small tables. I noticed most did not buy refreshments they are pricey. My flights were on time and I encountered no issues. I would fly Spirit again. I cannot re-iterate enough make sure you read the whole website understand the fees and you will be just fine. Great fares!"
"Took a flight from Phoenix to Lima Peru for $650 (beating the $1300 on United - the next best option). Took every precaution and planned ahead (pre-paid carry on printed tickets at home brought my own snacks etc). Didn't pay extra for assigned seating and still ended up sitting next to my travel partner. Had 2 layovers - one in Dallas and one in Ft. Lauderdale neither one was delayed nor got cancelled. Maybe I just got beginner's luck and had no issues with my flights and didn't have to deal with their customer service? Seat comfort (or lack of) will be my biggest complaint - domestic flights are extra firm and do not recline but the international flight to Peru and back was like any other economy seating you'd find on regular planes that have more cushion and do recline. After my flight experience to Peru I opted to pay for a window seat on the return flight so I can be slightly more \"comfy\". I do recommend this airline for short trips - I probably won't make another 10+ hour trip because seats are just too uncomfortable. Do your research and read the small print on the Spirit website. The website clearly states exactly what you will need to purchase ahead of time and what you will get charged if you don't. I've flown other budget airlines like JetStar and Tigerair in Asia and they pretty much operate the same way - they don't charge you what you don't use that's why tickets are so cheap!"
"Myrtle Beach to Chicago round-trip. 10/15 return: 10/19. My flight was cheap left on time arrived early terminal staff and air crew were pleasant and courteous and the cost was half of other air carriers. I don't need a BFF or ego stroking just get me where I want to go! I will fly Spirit again!"
"Spirit offers very low fares and all you need to do is understand what you are getting for that very low fair nothing but the flight. When I pay $110.00 for a return flight across the country (Detroit to Fort Lauderdale) I am willing to pay extra if required but some planning ahead means you can avoid most fees. Our plane was new I upgraded to an exit row seat for $25.00 more we left on time and my luggage arrived what more do you expect for such a low cost? Better then some other airlines I have used. For the people who complain about paying for a carry on or no free drink plan ahead and purchase your luggage online when booking for a reduced rate factor in the cost when comparing flights or fly with someone else. The entire Spirit business model is you pay for everything you have no one to blame but yourself if you didn't realize this until you got on the plane. I am happy to pay $110.00 and go without a free can of pop and not use the overhead bin!"
"The negative reviews almost prevented me from trying Spirit. I just completed my second round trip. The airline website and follow up email set expectations. If you read everything Spirit provides you will have a better experience because you'll know what to expect and expectations will be in alignment. If you don't like saving money fly a non low-cost airline. My personal experience was much better than expected in all categories. On one flight the captain actually made the pre-flight announcement outside the cockpit for all to see. This is a great alternative to existing airline experiences."
"I did my research ahead of time prepared my personal item a few days ahead of time (for a 3 day trip) and was ready to experience the worst. I flew from Dallas to LAX and back. The flights left on time I felt safe in the air getting on and off the plane was no problem staff was nice pilots were nice I was able to get food and drinks at the airport itself. The seats were small but I'm short and I had my movies to keep entertained. I hope this wasn't a fluke because I wouldn't mind starting to use Spirit for my shorter trips where I would rather use more of my money on the trip itself."
"I do not understand what the negative reviews are all about. If you paid half the price the normal air ticket would cost then stop complaining. The add-on fees are clearly written in the conditions if you do not take the time to read them then it is your problem. One thing you can save money is to travel light bring only a backpack there would be no additional charge. If the flight is canceled due to weather conditions it is not because of the company. Okay Spirit airlines flights are late but other companies flights can be also late. If you pay less then you get what you paid for - you should have a higher tolerance level or else travel with Spirit is not for you. I traveled with Spirit to Costa Rica last year in May from New York the round ticket cost me $367 - the flight was about 2 hours late (did not mind) but the plane was new and clean staff smiley and didn't get any unpleasant surprises. 10/10!"
"We flew Chicago to Myrtle Beach and back just last week. All our flights left early and arrived early. Staff at the counters and on flights where courteous polite and fun! We had plenty of leg and seat room more than on some other commercial flights I've flown in the past year (my boyfriend is 5'10\" and 220 lbs I am 5'7\" and 175 lbs). I was nervous reading all the reviews but will NOT hesitate to fly Spirit again. I am looking for flights for my daughter as I type. I did not purchase any food or beverages I brought a snack for both of us. The only downside is the 3.5 hour drive to Chicago. I wish Spirit was closer to Appleton WI and we would take more long weekend trips. Spirit and Allegiant Airlines offer a wonderful service great customer care at super rates."
"I was very wary about using Spirit Airlines after reading all of the bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised by what I experienced. First off read the whole website about fees or you will be upset and pay more. If you bring a purse and laptop they will charge you for the laptop unless you can fit it in your purse. Watch the videos about packing so you have no surprises. I left last Wed out of Minneapolis to Detroit. I printed by own boarding passes so I was not charged. Counter ladies very friendly. I went to my gate again counter ladies very friendly. The people that were upset and mad were due to them not reading the website and understanding all the fees. If you do not read the website and all the fees you will pay extra at the gate to bring your bag on. Pilots flight attendants very friendly. I chose not to pay for a seat it was only an hour flight. So I was given a middle - again only an hour flight. If I was flying to Los Angeles from MPLS I may have chosen the bigger seats and paid the additional money. Plane was new and very clean. Seats are narrow. If you are a bigger person pay for the bigger seat. Very small tables. I noticed most did not buy refreshments they are pricey. My flights were on time and I encountered no issues. I would fly Spirit again. I cannot re-iterate enough make sure you read the whole website understand the fees and you will be just fine. Great fares!"
"Oct 2nd from Oakland CA to Dallas Fort-Worth TX. Flight 408 return October 5th. I read all the reviews after purchasing our tickets. However our experience with Spirit Airlines was better than I expected. Our flight was delayed but that was due to weather. There were no other problems we got what we paid for a simple airline with no extras. We were satisfied and would fly with Spirit again."
"We could not have been more satisfied with our trip. We left San Diego exactly on time and arrived at Dallas a bit early. The flight was smooth and service was satisfactory. People at the ticket counter were courteous and helpful. I see the other reviews and think some people need to think in advance. If a drink is important bring your own. If you want food bring your own. Learn to pack light. Bring a book to read. You can avoid the extra charges if you are smart. You can't beat the prices for Spirit tickets. Our tickets were half from the other airlines. I will definitely fly Spirit again."
"I traveled to Chicago O'Hare from Orlando on Sept 24th - all went well left on time and arrived on time. A smooth flight and everyone was very courteous."
"This airline gave me what I was looking for - an inexpensive way to get me from point A to point B. Due to maintenance problems we were held up for 4 hrs but that tells me they're more concerned with their safety record than their on-time record. They gave a voucher for a meal at the terminal. The seats were fairly close together but not horribly so. The desk staff and flight attendants were friendly and efficient. Good solid flight with a worthy aircraft. I'll fly this airline again."
"Orlando (MCO) 9/29/14 to Latrobe (LBE) flight 878. LBE to MCO flight 863 10/4/14. I guess I was one of the lucky ones because both my flights were on time. As far as bare fare if you can read you know the rules. Why complain? Go somewhere else. The seats are not too roomy true but they are not so uncomfortable either. They are leather. The staff were friendly and I would fly with Spirit again. As far as food there are basically only snacks you can purchase. You can get two drinks for a dollar each. So people again who complain must be really cheap."
"I traveled on a flight from Myrtle Beach to St. John Virgin Islands. My family had not read the rules and requirements for the airline so we were surprised by the added fees of baggage and had to work to try and get things straightened out. The desk clerk tried her best to be as helpful as possible to minimize any fees that needed to be paid. Once on the flight the seats were a squeeze but no more uncomfortable that most airline seats with the exception that they do not recline in any way. No big loss there. Any snacks or drinks on the flight have to be paid for at airline inflated prices and there was no in-flight video no wi-fi no entertainment of any sort. Those can be dealt with by bringing your own drink and snacks in your personal bag piece of cake. It's not comfortable by any measure but it's not bad considering the price was about a third of the price on any other airline I looked up."
"Having flown during most of my career I've experienced about every airline and every travel situation imaginable. Yesterday I was completing my first round trip on Spirit. I was traveling through Chicago this was the morning of the fire in a Chicago area air traffic control facility. Needless to say air travel was a mess. The Spirit staff at MSP was as professional and efficient as I've ever experienced. They were facing a very difficult set of circumstances and they were doing their very best to accommodate many people who were much more stressed than what the situation required. Also all 4 legs of my flights were as comfortable as any other airline seat - the onboard crew members were friendly and efficient. The entire experience was as positive as the other 20+ flights I've had this year on several different airlines."
"9/18 TPA-DFW flight 813 9/22 DFW-TPA flight 812. I read the reviews and was prepared for \"no frills\" service. Flights were on time seats were not noticeably smaller. Attendants were pleasant. No real difference from United. If you pay luggage fees when booking it is cheaper."
"Having flown during most of my career I've experienced about every airline and every travel situation imaginable. Yesterday I was completing my first round trip on Spirit. I was traveling through Chicago this was the morning of the fire in a Chicago area air traffic control facility. Needless to say air travel was a mess. The Spirit staff at MSP was as professional and efficient as I've ever experienced. They were facing a very difficult set of circumstances and they were doing their very best to accommodate many people who were much more stressed than what the situation required. Also all 4 legs of my flights were as comfortable as any other airline seat - the onboard crew members were friendly and efficient. The entire experience was as positive as the other 20+ flights I've had this year on several different airlines."
"9/18 TPA-DFW flight 813 9/22 DFW-TPA flight 812. I read the reviews and was prepared for \"no frills\" service. Flights were on time seats were not noticeably smaller. Attendants were pleasant. No real difference from United. If you pay luggage fees when booking it is cheaper."
"While sitting waiting for my departing flight I read some terrible reviews. This was a family medical emergency flight to Orlando. Booked less than 24 hrs prior. All the other airlines wanted $700 plus. Spirit came in at a reasonable $391 out of a tiny airport in PA - free parking - yes that small. The flight crew were fantastic I think they got their training from Southwest! The low numbers for food beverage and inflight entertainment are due to the fact there was no option for NA. Trip home was a little exciting landing was aborted due to last minute change in weather. Our competent flight crew were on top of it. I will certainly be a return customer."
"Sep 12 2014 Dallas/Ft. Worth TX - Chicago IL - O'Hare return Sep 14 2014. After looking at past reviews I was concerned that I had made a mistake. I'm pleasantly surprised to have been mistaken. The majority of the complaints I have seen are related to spirits pricing. I was well aware that I was purchasing a \"bare fare\" and exactly what this meant. For me it's not worth the additional fare charged by other airlines to have a \"complimentary\" snack and drink. I don't always require a larger carry-on so their fee for carry-on bags is no problem for me. I appreciate having the option to decide on a per/trip basis exactly what I wish to pay for. The remainder of the complaints appear to be regarding delays etc. I don't think these types of issues are unique to Spirit as I have experienced similar hassles on other airlines which charge higher fares. My flight out of Dallas was delayed (due to weather) and I received an email notifying me of the delay! No full-price airline has ever done this. This was a nice surprise. They also sent an email to my son who was picking me up as I had sent my itinerary to him from their site. Very helpful. The flight back was perfectly on time. The flight was great staff on both trips were courteous and as for space it did not feel any more cramped than other airlines. It's true the seats do not \"recline\" if that's what you call the meagre movement the other airlines provide. The bottom line for me is Spirit provided me with affordable transportation from point A to point B without the so-called frills. I would definitely consider flying Spirit again."
"NK660 Sept 6th Kansas City to Chicago NK659 Sept. 10th. Chicago to Kansas City. I just completed my first round trip on Spirit Airlines and after reading the bad reviews I have to write about what a totally good experience I had. The counter staff were extremely helpful and courteous to help me understand the nuances that Spirit clearly states on their website. The pilots were professional the two A320's I flew on appeared to be in good condition and from my perspective were even comfortable. The flight cabin crews were welcoming and attentive to safety issues. I felt Spirit was good value."
"Las Vegas to Ft Lauderdale NK954. Fr Lauderdale to Orlando NK138 on the red eye on 04/09/2014. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this airline at all! If you follow protocol and actually read the add on prices etc. you will get what you pay for. Budget airline that acts as a flying bus if you want anything more than this you should pay for a more expensive airline. It gets you to exactly where you need to go. Staff couldn't have been anymore helpful and explained fully to us about the interconnecting flight as I was weary. If you can't handle their operation then use a different airline."
"I traveled round trip from Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach a trip my son makes at least twice a year on Spirit. We would both highly recommend Spirit Airlines. Their fees were clearly outlined on their website when I was making the reservation and also in the multiple emails I received ahead of time. The service on the plane was excellent and both of my flights were on time if not early. My son's flights have consistently been on time as well. They're definitely bare bones as they advertise but nothing was hidden and their value can't be beat."
"Detroit to Lima with my husband and 3 year old baby good service employees were nice. When I returned I did have 2 changes in my itinerary but was a nice experience. I will use this airline again. No food and beverages but we took food in our carry-on bag. No Inflight Entertainment but I took my baby's DVD player for keep him busy. We did exactly what they requested and we didn't have to pay any extra money."
"I am normally an American Airlines passenger and vowed to never stray from them. However when planning my trip to Vegas from Dallas Spirit had the best arrival time and departure time for me. So I decided to give Spirit a try. I as well as others heard a lot of negative things about Spirit but I like to try things out for myself and give my own opinion of the airline. I must say I did read all there were to read about Spirit so that I wouldn't be caught with unexpected \"price\" surprises. I must say that even though the flight was tight as far as room I enjoyed the airline. Yes they do charge for choosing more leg rooms luggage and snacks but overall it was worth the money that I paid. Checking in and checking baggage were no problem. Spirit also sent emails informing me of my flight status. I just might give them a try again for my future trip."
"Economy flight is economy service do not expect US Airways first class service for a fraction of the price. Seats are uncomfortable no entertaining system in the headrest no free drinks user payer system bare fare smaller size and lighter weight allowance for luggage. There is still an economy. We had the choice driving down to Florida from Quebec with two young kids and two adults for holiday or flying from Plattsburgh and rent a car. There was only a $200 total difference counting meals and motels plus 6 days of driving back and forth. So we took this. Expect a slow service and read all user rules and conditions and you will be satisfied. For sure if you do not read that the registered item is max 40 pounds and you bring a 45 pounds item you will be charged with no exceptions because its cheaper for the rest. Read what you agree to buy before buying and there will be no or not many complains."
"My wife and I booked a round trip flight from New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale Florida to take a 20th Anniversary cruise on Carnival. I did take the time to read the information that Spirit publishes on their website so there were no surprises for us. Beginning with our arrival at the New Orleans airport their employees were all most courteous helpful and this extended throughout both the originating and return flights. Spirit sells you what you want and does not sell you what you don't want or need. We paid for the equivalent of first class seats as well as checked bags and still came out hundreds of dollars less than the cost of first class service on any other airline. Both flights were smooth and on time. The flight crews did a very good job of getting everyone on board and ready to go on time. We would not hesitate to fly them again. I'm thankful they offer the option of a-la- carte flying."
"Flight 484 DFW to PHL 8/28/14. Flight 215 PHL to DFW. 9/2/14. We had a good experience with Spirit Airlines. Some people only see that they \"nickel and dime\" you but the truth is they gave a reduced price so that all the other things can be optional. We liked the plane we flew going out to Philadelphia and coming back to Dallas too! It was great and one of the things I liked most was the great customer service from the crew."
"My wife and I booked a round trip flight from New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale Florida to take a 20th Anniversary cruise on Carnival. I did take the time to read the information that Spirit publishes on their website so there were no surprises for us. Beginning with our arrival at the New Orleans airport their employees were all most courteous helpful and this extended throughout both the originating and return flights. Spirit sells you what you want and does not sell you what you don't want or need. We paid for the equivalent of first class seats as well as checked bags and still came out hundreds of dollars less than the cost of first class service on any other airline. Both flights were smooth and on time. The flight crews did a very good job of getting everyone on board and ready to go on time. We would not hesitate to fly them again. I'm thankful they offer the option of a-la- carte flying."
"Was nervous about the airline after reading all the negative reviews but if you honestly know that you're getting into a discount airline with unbundled pricing - pay for each additional service you receive - it's really not bad. Pre-register and prepay for your bags beforehand. I mean for its target demographic (apparently) of fun- spirited weekend travelers carrying only a duffel bag or a backpack on them it's a steal. I will definitely fly if I have to interview in one of their cities they carry. My only complaint was that the flight attendants were goofing off and did not try to give an appearance of professionalism or competency. But that's just my thing -they were nice and helpful people overall."
"I flew Detroit to Minneapolis. Flight on time arrived early. No problems. This was my first flight on Spirit. I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps I was just lucky on this flight. I even checked a bag for $30. Cheaper than carrying one of $35. So no carry on - I mean no - nothing carried on. I think as long as you know what you are possibly getting yourself in to and you don't mind delays and no frills the experience will be ok. That's my take for my first flight anyway. Who knows my next flight might not go so smoothly."
"Was nervous about the airline after reading all the negative reviews but if you honestly know that you're getting into a discount airline with unbundled pricing - pay for each additional service you receive - it's really not bad. Pre-register and prepay for your bags beforehand. I mean for its target demographic (apparently) of fun- spirited weekend travelers carrying only a duffel bag or a backpack on them it's a steal. I will definitely fly if I have to interview in one of their cities they carry. My only complaint was that the flight attendants were goofing off and did not try to give an appearance of professionalism or competency. But that's just my thing -they were nice and helpful people overall."
"I flew Detroit to Minneapolis. Flight on time arrived early. No problems. This was my first flight on Spirit. I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps I was just lucky on this flight. I even checked a bag for $30. Cheaper than carrying one of $35. So no carry on - I mean no - nothing carried on. I think as long as you know what you are possibly getting yourself in to and you don't mind delays and no frills the experience will be ok. That's my take for my first flight anyway. Who knows my next flight might not go so smoothly."
"ATL to IAH and return was a good experience. On time (even with a rain storm coming into ATL) friendly comfortable seats quick luggage service at both airports and fair priced snacks. Better than other trips on other airlines. I wish bag weight was 50 lbs instead of 40 lbs but with a heavy personal carry on we made it work."
"ATL to IAH and return was a good experience. On time (even with a rain storm coming into ATL) friendly comfortable seats quick luggage service at both airports and fair priced snacks. Better than other trips on other airlines. I wish bag weight was 50 lbs instead of 40 lbs but with a heavy personal carry on we made it work."
"If you just want to get from point A to B cheaply with 1 bag and don't really care how you get there as long as it gets you there Spirit is perfect. If you want luxury convenience etc for a few hours hash out the extra $300 dollars for first class Delta. I've flown with Spirit about a dozen times and never had a bad moment. Most of the complaints are from people not paying attention to clearly printed baggage fees or whining that they weren't given a complimentary 25 cents worth of soda on a 4 hour or less flight. Seriously pay attention check in at a decent time like you're supposed to show up to the airport at a decent time again like you're supposed to and buy a soda or snack in the terminal if it's so important to you. You'll be just fine. Yes their baggage fees are a lot but they're a discount carrier this is what discount businesses do. Pay attention and you won't get burned. I managed to shove my 21 inch laptop 4 days worth of fresh clothes my 10 inch tablet documents books a massive blanket and more more into my assault pack and shove it under my seat for free. If you feel the need to bring your whole house with you on vacation fly with someone else pay a higher base ticket price for somewhat lower baggage fees. The staff are always kind and often very funny. All of my flights departed early or on time and arrived anywhere from 10 to 15 and in one case 40 minutes early. All the aircraft I flew on were very clean and looked brand new. The seats were sorta small and some don't tilt back but you get what you pay for. I'm 5'11\" and still had plenty of leg room and was comfortable. Even on my longest flight from MSP to LAX I was never so uncomfortable that I had to get up and walk around and I have back and neck problems."
"Did a round trip from Dallas to Portland Oregon the weekend of August 9. Decided to upgrade to the front seats which for my brother and I it was worth the extra cost of $50 per seat. The front seats do recline. The only hitch on this trip is that upon returning to DFW we could not get our checked luggage for over 1.5 hrs. It was very frustrating. But if you need a cheap seat and you can pack light and either pay the carry on charge for you luggage or just put everything in a small backpack then Spirit may work for you. We also had to wait once we landed for a gate to open up so we sat on the ground an extra 15 minutes before our plane could get into a gate. I also brought my own snacks so make sure you do that. I chose to purchase water after passing through security and getting inside the terminal. I took my bottled water in my small backpack along with my snacks onto the airplane and this was not a problem. Other than these problems it went relatively well. I checked in online and printed my boarding passes online from my home. The Spirit staff and the airport and on both flights were acceptable. Also Spirit was one of few airlines that offered DFW to PDX non-stop which for me is important because I don't like multiple flights. Bottom Line. Spirit Airlines is a inexpensive airline with no frills. I really don't think I would book Spirit for a long flight or for anything out of the USA."
"I made reservations from Detroit to Oakland with a stop-off in Las Vegas without checking online reviews because I had no suspicions and had never been particularly finicky about airlines as long as the flight got me to my destination. I read the reviews and like many people I came to the airport full of trepidation because of all these negative comments. I printed out my boarding pass and purchased optional seats (the cheapest that I could see online but maybe next time I'll just waive that and try getting free seat assignments) and arranged my one check-in bag online in advance. Still I was worried that the flight would be delayed or worse yet somehow cancelled for days. Well the upshot is that everything worked out just fine and I actually enjoyed it. The check-in was simple it turned out that my bag weighed 39.9 pounds just barely saving me from paying an extra $25. I also had a medium-size \"personal item\" bag which was free. The seats on my two Spirit flights that day were large enough for me a 6-foot tall male. The number of seats per row was no more than I've seen on any other airlines going that distance so I can't understand where all the complaining about cramped seats comes from. The seats on the first flight looked a bit worn but nonetheless clean and comfortable so no big deal to me. Both Spirit flights left on time and arrived even a bit early compared to the reservation times which was great. There was no food or drinks served which was just fine with me because I never order anything anyhow and didn't especially need the generic small cup of coke and bag of peanuts on such journeys. The whole time the staff were friendly and spoke clearly. I admittedly didn't have any special needs but to the extent that they were performing their expected duties I saw nothing amiss. I was also on the lookout for other passengers having problems and yet saw nothing come up from start to end. The steward on the Vegas-Oakland stretch was like a stand-up comic in his announcements to the audience which was actually quite amusing. Very memorable. Seriously I had a perfectly good time and everything went smoothly. I kept wanting to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming because I was so impressed at my positive experience compared to the online reviews."
"We have travelled on Spirit over 3 dozen times Myrtle Beach California NYC Florida and have had no issues service was great flight on time and flights were smooth no issues so easy for us. We live in Ontario and the DTW is 2 hours away much easier and cheaper than flying from Toronto."
"We have travelled on Spirit over 3 dozen times Myrtle Beach California NYC Florida and have had no issues service was great flight on time and flights were smooth no issues so easy for us. We live in Ontario and the DTW is 2 hours away much easier and cheaper than flying from Toronto."
"I booked a trip with Spirit because of the price and then read the reviews and was very scared. I couldn't have been more happily surprised! Our trip was completely excellent. The stewardesses were very professional. There was an inflight medical issue and they were fantastic. We were on time both ways in fact slightly early. No glitches anywhere. The seats were not small - we had better seats than previously on American they did recline and the headrests folded to where you could nap. We flew for less than half of other airlines including the cost for our bags. If you know going in that it's going to cost $25 for a carry on at the time of booking do it then! If you wait until check-in it's $35 and if you wait until you get to the airport surprise! - it's now $100. Pack light and you will know ahead of time that there are no complimentary snacks or drinks. We will fly with them again."
"We have flown Spirit out of Detroit to Florida (several cities) in the past and have had good experiences. I totally understand why they charge for carry-ons because too many people bring oversized bags and hog the overhead bins. Spirit doesn't charge for Personal bags (smaller than a carry-on) and you can get more than enough in a personal bag. The night before our flight we picked our seats online and check 1 large bag for 3 of us. The people who show up at the airport unprepared should only be angry at themselves. We have priced other airlines and even with seat selection and luggage fees Spirit still comes out on top. The check-in staff and boarding staff have all been friendly and helpful too."
"We have flown Spirit out of Detroit to Florida (several cities) in the past and have had good experiences. I totally understand why they charge for carry-ons because too many people bring oversized bags and hog the overhead bins. Spirit doesn't charge for Personal bags (smaller than a carry-on) and you can get more than enough in a personal bag. The night before our flight we picked our seats online and check 1 large bag for 3 of us. The people who show up at the airport unprepared should only be angry at themselves. We have priced other airlines and even with seat selection and luggage fees Spirit still comes out on top. The check-in staff and boarding staff have all been friendly and helpful too."
"Just flew from Portland to Chicago with my husband and the kids. We read all the bag pricing and ticket printing before hand. Those that complain about the counter fees and bag fees have no one to blame but themselves. We checked in online and printed our own tickets. We pre-paid $20 each for two checked bags that was it! Not $20 there and than $20 on the return flight. Delta was was $25 each way! The counter clerk was super helpful and polite doing the fast bag drop off. The biggest problem were the other passengers feeling they were entitled and crying babies on the red eye. My kids are 9+ so I'm not used to it and I never traveled with them on a plane as babies. Overall my experience was excellent. Oh if you're a family don't pick your seats if your staying in coach the counter lady told me they will keep you all together no matter what if there is children. I could keep going on about how easy this airline was to deal with but most people listen to those that complain and want to spend less and expect more."
"I had read the airline policies on baggage fees etc. and paid those while booking my ticket so no surprises there. I also upgraded to a larger front seat which was very roomy and reclined. The only surprise was how great the ticket agent was. I had booked a one way ticket to Peru I'm visiting friends and wasn't sure when I was coming home. When I checked in the agent informed me that Peru didn't allow one way tickets for foreign passport holders. After getting out of line I checked this information online and found out she was correct. I got back in line and the agent booked me a return flight without charging me the extra fee saying she understood the mix up. She also got me travel insurance in case I want to change the date for my return flight. My flight was delayed by one hour as where flights with several other airlines. Even with the extra fees and upgraded seat I still saved over the next cheapest airline so needless to say I am a very happy customer and will be using Spirit again."
"We have not been on vacation for 3 years and desperately needed to get away and I was a nervous wreck that our flight would be delayed or cancelled. I went on Spirit's website and read about the baggage policy etc. Thank goodness I did because I had booked it through Priceline or else I would not have had any idea. I also picked seats for all 4 flights for myself husband and child. I ended up paying what I would have to fly another airline so not a big deal. All of my flights were on time. No issues at all. I have recently flown Delta and United and had issues with both of them. Bottom line I was pleasantly surprised with my experience and would fly with them again."
"You get what you pay for. Once all the incidentals are paid for you'll pay the same as any other airline but if you don't need all the frills you don't pay a lot. We saved a few hundred dollars over the other airlines for a direct flight because we carefully planned every detail. The carry-on fee is absurd (we didn't have carry on) but the food/drink extras are in line with other airlines. You can always bring food in or get drinks from a vendor in the airport for less but for a flight less than three hours you don't really need it. The staff were by far the friendliest airline staff I have encountered."
"I had a wonderful experience on Spirit Airlines and have recommended it to several friends. I would much rather pay $3 for an unlimited cup of coffee and an Otis Spunkmeyer Blueberry Muffin handed to me with a smile than have a bag of peanuts shoved at me as the stewards/stewardesses rush past me in an effort to get them to everyone in the other airlines overcrowded plane."
"First time flying in 13 years. Flew from ORD to LAS and then from LAS to SAN. I was randomly assigned a seat in the aisle which worked out great for me being over 6 feet tall as the legroom was kind of small. Shifting my position helped alleviate any weariness. For as cheap of a price as I got I kind of figured there would be some things cut to help cost-efficiency. My departing flights left on time and my returning flight was actually early by about 15-20 minutes. Did not purchase food or drink on board as I brought my own. No issues with boarding or luggage as I was staying for a week in California and was able to fit everything into my carry-on. Staff were very friendly. I can appreciate the no-frills type of service offered since my main concern with going on vacation is the destination not the extra stuff I don't need on the journey."
"It is very much a no frills airline but doesn't try to advertise itself as anything different. We paid in advance for our baggage chose our seats and paid the extra fee for the large seats. The flight was perfect the seats were comfortable the staff polite. If I had to come up with any negatives I would say the fact that there was only one bathroom on the plane so there was a never ending line of people standing in the isle waiting but that is really a non issue. I definitely would fly spirit again and would recommend it to friends/family. Just make sure you read the instructions about paying in advance and you won't be bogged down with any surprise fees."
"I flew Spirit Airline on July 8 2014 Minneapolis to LAX. All staff including front desk check-in and pilots were courteous and friendly. Plane was clean and the only challenge is people coming to board that did not read information about luggage size and one free carry on size despite this being posted all over Spirit Airline web site people came with oversized luggage and were charged accordingly. Just know ahead you take your own food and drinks on board which many airlines do charge also and read expectations of seating. So worth the saved money of flying by flying this airline yes it's a no frills yet it is an Airline that does care about safety and cost effectiveness."
"Flew to Vegas from Portland over Spring Break in April 2014. It's a bare bones operation for sure. Staff were fun and plane was clean. Baby cried all the way there two little kids behind us screamed and fought the whole two hours no one's fault but didn't make for a very pleasant trip down. No issues coming back their baggage is very high Southwest Airlines is a better buy for the money if you add in the $50 charge for 1 bag."
"I recently flew from Chicago to Minneapolis. I paid for the base fare which includes one personal item. Since I was staying for 4 days with friends I didn't need a large suitcase or carry on bag I was able to fit everything into a bag which meets the free bag policy and fits on the floor under the seat. The money I saved was enough to purchase one of the large seats in the front and I was quite comfortable and the seat in fact reclined and was not set to a fixed position. If you read carefully at the time you book you will see the baggage policy. If you want to use the overhead bin there is a charge of $35 at the time you book. When you check in online it will ask you if you need to check more bags and you will pay a little more then if you had your act together when you booked. If you just ignore it all and take your carry on to the gate and you didn't pay in advance yes to get to pay $100 that's on you you should read as you book. My flight was delayed an hour and a half going because Air Force One went to Minneapolis the same day and about the same time not Spirits fault. Also the trip back was delayed 15 minutes not too bad. If you want to drink water or soda being it on or you have to buy it. Do your homework if you are taking a long vacation with baggage something like Southwest may be better. But if you are going a short distance don't need a free half can of soda and tiny bag of peanuts and can pack light and know how to check in o line and print your boarding pass then Spirit is a good alternative and not nearly as bad as people here say. The gate agents and cabin crew were just fine the same as any other I have flown with. I'm giving F & B and Inflight Entertainment a 1 because it's up to you if you want to buy a drink aboard I didn't and I had my iPad for a movie."
"My flight was June 17th from Myrtle Beach to DFW. When we went to get on the plane they did end up putting my nephew in an Exit row seat which we had to change because he was not over 15 yrs. old. Once on the plane everything was fine the only complaint about the actual plane was that it seemed a little dirty and the seats were pretty worn. The flight staff were very nice friendly and funny. Overall very pleasant flying experience. If you read on their website it tells you everything you are charged for so I don't know why people are so surprised about information that is in broad daylight. As long as you do your homework you should be just fine. And come on people complaining about a few dollars for a snack or drink really? They do let you bring on snacks and drinks if you want to. I would for sure book through their website instead of a 3rd party because you will get all the correct information that way. I would probably take Spirit again if need be. One more thing there was plenty of leg room I think even more than American Airlines has."
"My flight was June 17th from Myrtle Beach to DFW. When we went to get on the plane they did end up putting my nephew in an Exit row seat which we had to change because he was not over 15 yrs. old. Once on the plane everything was fine the only complaint about the actual plane was that it seemed a little dirty and the seats were pretty worn. The flight staff were very nice friendly and funny. Overall very pleasant flying experience. If you read on their website it tells you everything you are charged for so I don't know why people are so surprised about information that is in broad daylight. As long as you do your homework you should be just fine. And come on people complaining about a few dollars for a snack or drink really? They do let you bring on snacks and drinks if you want to. I would for sure book through their website instead of a 3rd party because you will get all the correct information that way. I would probably take Spirit again if need be. One more thing there was plenty of leg room I think even more than American Airlines has."
"I just took a trip to DAL from ATL at the beginning of June 2014. I did all of my homework and researched Spirit before I made my final decision. I was not taking a long trip therefore I only needed a carry-on that I paid 70$ total for (35$ there and 35$ back). Spirit allows one free small bag and I was able to take my tote. I also printed my boarding pass online at home so I was able to go straight to security. The flight process was very easy and laid out and I did not experience any severe trouble with the flight staff. The only bad comment that I have to make about my trip was that it was delayed an hour on my flight back home because the plane had traveled internationally and had to be thoroughly checked in customs. I consider myself lucky to only have that one hiccup. The pilot also sped up the flight and we only ended up being 30 minutes behind schedule. I have no bad comments about food and staff service considering I slept the majority of the trip and I ate before boarding the plane on the trip there and the trip back. There is no inflight entertainment but I did not expect any for the price that I paid plus I brought my tablet and a book to read during the flight. Overall I would highly recommend Spirit Airlines for quick travel. You get what you pay for and for the cost I was beyond satisfied with what I got!"
"I didn't wait in any lines for more than 10 seconds and the people who worked there were fairly nice no complaints about that. Basically everything was perfect until you're about to board. Their 'zone' boarding process should be reconsidered. The first two zones are small amounts of people then become mobs trying to form a line when they call for the third and fourth zones. You really get what you pay for with Spirit when it comes to the seat being that I'm 6'2 the seat didn't offer me anywhere near the necessary amount of space to travel with comfort. No TVs and no complementary food and drinks. At the end of the day they got me there and back in one piece quickly and for a low cost."
"Just flew Spirit Airlines for the first time last week and was very pleased. They are great with little kids (I have 2) and the attendants and all staff were very kind and helpful. I did my homework online ahead of time so I knew what to order as far as my luggage when I booked our tickets. There's no fine print they don't hide anything. I compared to other airlines and it was far cheaper for us to fly Spirit. If the snack and beverage and free suitcase mean that much to you then do the math. you still pay for all that with the other airlines. Our flight was on time and our return flight made amazing time from Orlando to Pitts. We will definitely use Spirit in the future!"
"I flew from DFW to Myrtle Beach and back. Only airline that offered a non-stop flight. Both flights were on time. No over booking. Very polite and accommodating employees. No complaints. It was a very pleasant experience and will fly Spirit again. Just go to their website and pay for your carry on or checked bag ahead of time. You can carry on water or food. They also provide them for a small fee. You are allowed to carry on a small bag purse or back pack for free 16x14x12. I didn't purchase any food or beverages and there was no Entertainment."
"Great trip friendly service. Flew return DFW-Denver. On time both ways. Flew the r/t for about $100. This was my second trip with Spirit and would definitely use them again I have no complaints at all."
"This is an economy airline and if you are cheap like I am and willing to do some research Spirit Airlines offers a great product at a very affordable price. Three of us traveled from Chicago to Atlantic City and back with three checked bags for a little over $500. Yes they will charge you for everything extra but plan on packing lightly bringing your own snack and printing your own boarding pass and you will avoid the extra fees. They are serious about the size of carry ons and personal items so simply be careful when you pack. We found the staff professional and competent the flights on time and appreciate the opportunity to fly frugally."
"This is an economy airline and if you are cheap like I am and willing to do some research Spirit Airlines offers a great product at a very affordable price. Three of us traveled from Chicago to Atlantic City and back with three checked bags for a little over $500. Yes they will charge you for everything extra but plan on packing lightly bringing your own snack and printing your own boarding pass and you will avoid the extra fees. They are serious about the size of carry ons and personal items so simply be careful when you pack. We found the staff professional and competent the flights on time and appreciate the opportunity to fly frugally."
"My family and I (2 adults/2 kids) just returned from a Spirit Airlines roundtrip from Houston to Orlando. Airplane was new flight attendants were professional and courteous and though the seats were a bit closer than some other carriers they were still reasonably comfortable - and I'm 6'2\". I think much of the concern voiced with Spirit is for those who may have not fully read all of the charges/fees that are broken out. This is definitely a different business model; however even with paying for some checked bags and seat assignments we still saved more than $400.00 as a family. Yes they charged for a coke however it was still cheaper than at the airport stands/kiosks. As a family of 4 we only had to check/pay for one bag and we each had a backpack that was free. It may take a bit of strategy in your packing; however we stayed in Orlando for 8 days and did not have any problems with what we brought. I can certainly understand how shocking it might be to see all of these fees - but you must consider the final cost in comparison. I had never flown Spirit before but was positively impressed. I think the real key to flying Spirit is to engage in a \"Spirit 101\" course by really examining their website for all costs and services so that there are no surprises. I also noted that things like car seats umbrellas food reading materials and so forth can be taken on the plane with no additional cost and these items do not count against your personal bag/backpack."
"Just got off my first Spirit flight (Boston-Ft. Lauderdale-Tampa). Schedule matters most to me and tonight Spirit was my only option. I actually like Spirit's pay-for-carry-on program. By paying for a large carry-on you get to board the plane first. That relieves huge stress and clearly reduces the number of people dragging large suitcases onto the plane. The boarding time was pretty fast. The flight attendants were very courteous. The space between the seats is very tight. I'm 6/0 and my knees were jammed in. That said both of my flights were full. So obviously Spirit is meeting a market demand. I think all these negative reviews are from non-frequent fliers. But Spirit makes it possible for people to fly who may otherwise not be able to."
"I have been flying Spirit Air since I compare their price to that of Southwest and difference was outrageous. I want to save and anything that helps me save is the way to go. Been flying Spirit regularly between Chicago and Dallas for under a $150 round trip. I have recommended Spirits to all my friend but let them know the baggage policy. I don't carry a lot of stuff other than my little bag and my computer bag."
"Dallas to Boston and return. All went as expected. Seat spacing was not a problem for my 5-7 build. Would definitely do again for the price savings."
"Recent flight from Minneapolis to Fort Lauderdale Round trip - I appreciate the fact that you know up front that there will be additional fees you definitely pay for everything extra but with that said for the actual money spent it was still cheaper for this particular route than any other carrier. As a previous review had stated the scale on the bag drop is 3 pounds off than the sale at the desk so be aware of that. You also must check to make sure your personal item fits into their dimensions otherwise they will charge you $100 as a carry on (saw this happen to someone). My biggest negative issue was that magazine holders behind the seats were either broken or just so old that they were hanging loose so that when you sat down your knees were pressed against the seat in front of you. Definitely not comfortable for any length of time flying. Compared to other airlines the seating was very close and cramped. Would not recommend Spirit regular seating if you like to have space for your knees. Everything else was as expected for no frills no beverage no snack no movie just a \"bus\" ride and not on a coach bus."
"I had seen a lot of negative reviews online but chose to fly with Spirit anyway because of their very cheap fares. After experiencing flying with them I thought it was important to throw in my two cents. It was an extremely positive experience. They do not hide their baggage model and conforms practically to their \"pay for what you use\" ethic. I missed my flight but check in was very helpful in finding me another flight without any hassle. The flight itself was on time the staff was friendly and productive. I look forward to flying with them again."
"I flew from Chicago to Vegas and it was fine for the most part. Employees were friendly and the plane arrived on time. There was basically no leg room (I'm 6'0 185 lbs) but it's not like my knees were on the seat in front of me. I joined the $9 club and had everybody I booked tickets for split that cost; our trip there and back was a couple hundred less than any other airline I looked at. The complaints about the lack of free food/drinks and high baggage fees are ridiculous to me. There is a reason the base price is so low so understand what you're buying first because I had zero surprises when I showed up at the airport. I wouldn't want to be on a Spirit plane for any kind of international flight (unless I made the seat upgrade) but for a 2-3 hour trip the savings are worth it. This is especially true if you're traveling light. My only legitimate complaint was they lost my bag from Vegas back to Chicago but they shipped it to my house within a few days. I was the only one on the flight who lost his bags and I know losing bags is not an isolated occurrence for just Spirit. I'd give my experience an 8/10 and I would fly Spirit again for a domestic flight."
"I flew Spirit Airlines for the first time in March 2014 from Minneapolis to Ft. Myers FL. We departed early and arrived early. The flight attendants were friendly. I only took a backpack so I had no additional fees. After three days I decided to stay longer so I went on-line and changed my return flight to a week later. The cost was a flat $130 change fee - way cheaper than the major airlines and also no charge for any difference in airfare. Once again we arrived 15 minutes early in MSP. I would definitely fly Spirit again."
"I just traveled from Denver to Fort Lauderdale this morning. My experience was great! Before I departed I saw lots of unsatisfied reviews everywhere primarily complained about the size of seats and services I was very nervous and anxious. But it turned out Spirit Airlines was run as a normal low cost carrier which you got what you paid for. I traveled with a backpack which is able to put under the seat. I also had personal item. My final destination is to Lima and I only paid less than $500 for round trip. It was really a great deal. I am about 5'3\" so I don't feel the seat is as small as claimed. I would highly recommend this airlines to anyone I know. You will save a lot!"
"I have been flying Spirit to Myrtle Beach since 2005 and have been happy yes there are delays sometimes however I like sitting on the ground instead of going in circles in the air. I agree on the weight of luggage why only 40 lbs and not 50. as far as the staff and service no problem. Going to MYR in 3 weeks I'll see if there are any changes to the bad."
"My husband and I flew from FT. Lauderdale to San Juan this past weekend. The flight left on time and was fine! True this flight is only 2.5 hrs long if you are on longer flights the seats are tight. We have used our credit card for free spirit flights we've gone to L.A. twice to N.Y and now to P.R. Bring snacks reading material a deck of cards anything because there is no entertainment but for the cheap fares we'll make the sacrifice."
"Las Vegas from Minneapolis flight 763 April 12 2014. Return to Minneapolis from Las Vegas flight 612 April 19. We were worried after reading reviews however our first trip with Spirit was professional from the moment we traveled to Las Vegas and back."
"My husband and I flew from FT. Lauderdale to San Juan this past weekend. The flight left on time and was fine! True this flight is only 2.5 hrs long if you are on longer flights the seats are tight. We have used our credit card for free spirit flights we've gone to L.A. twice to N.Y and now to P.R. Bring snacks reading material a deck of cards anything because there is no entertainment but for the cheap fares we'll make the sacrifice."
"This was my 1st flight with Spirit airlines from Oakland CA to Las Vegas NV. The flight attendant's were very nice even told me that I didn't have to check my bag in and just to add my purse to my bag which saved me money the flight was great and the flight captain relaxed us with his jokes. I have flown all over the US and Europe and with the ease I had at checking in the courteous staff and having any question answered promptly I will definitely book again with Spirit."
"Before flying with Spirit my family and I felt a little anxious. We didn't know anything about this airline so we took a chance and the experience was nice. Excellent staff at the airports. Spirit is a Low Cost Airline do not expect great service onboard. The itinerary was on time including layover at Fort Lauderdale. If someone is looking for save some money although you must pay for luggage snacks seat location etc this airline is a good choice. But if people want special service on board first class free luggage or seat location this is not your best bet. The most important must be the air safety excellent maintenance and well trained crews and if this airline does it I have no complaints. After all everybody wants to arrive on time to your destination."
"I must say after reading some of the past reviews prior to our flight we were a little nervous. But once we had our first experience last week we will fly with Spirit again. The airline gets us to point A to point B safely and a budget that will work for our family. If you want all the bells and whistles go with a different airline. But if you think about it it clearly states how much baggage fees will cost you during online reservation vs counter check in. People were surprised by the Luggage weight requirements Printing out boarding passes Leg room Seat not reclining really? Do we complain just to complain! We always want something for nothing!"
"I booked a flight from Santiago Dominican Republic to Chicago Illinois. This was booked with reservation because I traveled through Spirit a couple of years ago and had a horrible experience. At that time I vowed to not travel with this airline and when asked about the airline I spoke of how horrible it was. I booked Spirit this time only because it was the most economical not the best flight accommodations because I had 2 layovers Santiago to Ft. Lauderdale Ft. Lauderdale to Orlando and Orlando to Chicago which Orlando's layover was approximately 10 hours but for the price why not. I went online to pay for baggage which Spirit happens to be one of few airlines that charge for first bag when flying internationally. I was confused that when I pay for baggage from Santiago to Chicago I had to pay double. I spoke with representative she stated once your bags are paid for the charge is from Santiago to Chicago. When I arrived at the airport in Santiago I spoke with Customer Service Representative for clarity about the bags and bag charge. She stated my bags were paid only through my second layover which was Orlando but from Orlando to Chicago the were not paid for. I explained to the Representative that I spoke with someone over the phone stating it was paid through Chicago. She spoke with her Supervisor the Supervisor made the adjustment and I was on my way. Lines at Security once I arrived at Ft. Lauderdale and Orlando were long but moved very fast. Staff were friendly and helpful. My bags made it to my final destination Chicago without incident. Spirit has redeemed itself I will fly again and recommend to everyone."
"My husband and I recently flew Spirit for the first time on a flight from Boston to Ft Myers FL. We had read all of the bad reviews but decided to take our chances and try it because the price (even with all the add ons) was cheaper than other airlines and it was a non-stop flight. If you do your homework and educate yourself on all of their add on costs there shouldn't be any surprises. The only thing I hadn't read about was their weight limit. It's 40 lbs. per checked bag or 80 lbs. total for 2 bags for Spirit and 50 lbs. per bag for other airlines. We each checked a suitcase and a set of golf clubs and the combined weight of the 2 bags for each of us was a little over 80 lbs. but they allowed a little wiggle room and didn't charge us extra which we appreciated. The flights were on time and the planes were clean. We opted to pay $25 each way for exit row seats so we had plenty of legroom but I did notice that the regular seats were quite close with little legroom. My only complaint was that the seats didn't have much padding and didn't recline. I would have no reason based on my first experience not to fly with this airline again. My advice to those contemplating flying Spirit would be to read and understand all of their policies then there won't be any surprises."
"My daughter that is pregnant had an emergency surgery and I had to get from Tampa to Dallas ASAP on a minutes notice. All other airlines charged between $700-$900 for a same day flight. I found Spirit and purchased a ticket for less than $400. I read upfront about the extra cost with baggage and food and planned accordingly. I took my one small backpack and bought my snacks and water and got onboard. The airport staff and the flight attendants onboard the aircraft were extremely courteous and kind. Yes the seats are closer and not quite the same aisle space but for getting me where I needed to go - fast and at a decent price. I had no flight delays and arrived on time."
"My sister and I flew from New Orleans to Dallas on April 4-8 2014 and were pleased with their service! We read all the rules carefully and packed accordingly. No problem with our 1 checked bag a piece. We printed our boarding passes and prepaid our luggage both ways. The ticket agent in New Orleans even offered for us to choose our seats (free of charge) because the flight was not full. Pleasant flight attendants and they did not overly push their credit card. The return flight from Dallas was just as good and the cabin crew even better."
"Looks like cheaper airfare but is not! Don't be fooled. Tons of add on expenses include: Baggage seats fare club membership government's cut security fee passenger facility fee segment fee and federal excise tax. I accidentally paid for 4 bags to check online and only needed to check 2."
"I recently flew Spirit airlines for the first time. After reading all the reviews posted I was nervous and somewhat sceptical about this airline. However both to and from Orlando I couldn't have asked for anything better! From the time I checked at Houston the staff was fantastic to the flight staff to the members in Orlando I was very happy with the service that I received. I would definitely recommend Spirit to others and will be using this airline again!"
"My wife and I recently flew round trip from Chicago to Orlando. I was somewhat leery of flying Spirit after reading the many reviews. However my anxieties were alleviated after this trip. Why? Simple I did my homework. I read reread and researched Spirit's baggage policies and followed them to the letter. We experienced no problems at all from check-in to deplaning on both legs of our trip. If you plan on taking advantage of Spirit's low rates great. Enjoy the extra cash in your pocket. However if you can't fit their guidelines for baggage weight and size limits then plan on paying additional. By the way my wife and I did have to pay additional money for three checked baggage but the final cost was still over $500 cheaper than the other airlines that I was considering before booking my flights on Spirit."
"Don't expect a 5 star experience for a 1 star price! Read everything and prepare your baggage beforehand. We saved lots of money flying with spirit! Our expectations were low due to all the terrible reviews but everything went fine! We didn't buy anything on the plane nor extra baggage. Seat were okay but I would consider larger seats as I am a tall person and leg room was a bit tight. Staff was pleasant at Plattsburg airport a bit less at Fort Lauderdale but still reasonable. No entertainment was offered."
"I first flew Spirit in November 2013 on a return trip to and from Cancun Mexico. Booked on Spirit after coming across the cheap prices on Kayak. I went to the airport ready to do battle but much to my surprise I was quickly processed through there were no surprise extra costs and the flights were in fact uneventful. I again flew last week to and from San Diego and the experience was the same. Yes I wish they had better seats with more leg room and perhaps provide some sustenance during the flight but I guess one has to prepare for lack of such amenities when flying budget. Would I fly with them again? Yes I would. During the four flights I had with Spirit I saw the ground/airport crew work overtime to make sure that we did not miss the connecting flights when there were delays sometimes personally escorting/directing the passengers through the maze of airport hubs and the on-air crews were always pleasant."
"It wasn't as bad as everyone said it would be or it was as a matter of fact it feels the same as every other plane. I traveled with 4 children and my spouse and were seated together to and from MN MPLS to LAX CA. We booked our check bag online and kept the luggage under 40lbs so it only cost $21 since I joined the $9 club. We saved over $350 for our entire trip."
"People who complain about the fees and whatnot must not read before booking their flights. The site is very clear about the various fees all the way through the booking process. With the membership we saved a ton of money on our flight even with baggage fees and the extra fees to reserve big front seats it was still cheaper than flying a major airline even if we cashed in airmiles. As far as customer service goes we had no issues. Staff at Niagara airport were fine we had no issues and because it's such a small airport we got through check-in and security in record time. The flight itself was fine. There was a technical issue with the gate but even after having to switch gates we still departed on time. Big front seats are worth the extra money for sure. On the way home we had very friendly staff at Ft Lauderdale airport. There was an issue with the cleanliness of the plane on our return trip. Our seats weren't spotless but not gross but it seems that the cleaning crew didn't notice that someone had been sick in the row across from us. A passenger unfortunately put her hand in it while getting to her seat and had to go back out to the terminal to wash it off. The flight attendant was very sincere and concerned apologized to them and everyone in the area got the cleaning crew back in asap to take care of it sprayed some air freshener apologized again and again and had the passengers from that row seated in another row for the flight since there were some empty seats. It was unfortunate but the attendant handled it perfectly and we still left on time. The rest of the flight there were no issues. Even with major airlines I've almost always found garbage in the seat pocket that got missed it happens. Overall I would fly Spirit again but maybe not for a long flight. I recommend it if you want to save some money and don't care about inflight meals and movies (you can purchase snacks and drinks this is pretty typical of most airlines now anyway not many provide a free meal or snack these days). If you're a tall or heavy person definitely pay the extra for the big front seats. Generally speaking you get what you pay for. This is a discount airline so go in with low expectations and you'll be fine."
"I had to fly last minute from SFO (San Francisco) to LAS (Las Vegas) one way and Spirit offered the lowest price out of any airline in the SF Bay Area the trek to (OAK) Oakland Airport was a little further than I normally travel to get to an airport but the deal was too good to pass up. The flight was not full although I checked in the day before I was given a seat upgrade to a window seat near the front. The cabin crew was friendly and made the early morning flight easier with humor. Flight duration was exactly as advertised and actually landed a few minutes early and it was a pleasant flight in a brand new airplane. The one thing I did not like were the seats far too close together and much too thin. I'm only 5'6\" and felt too big for the seats if it had been a longer flight I would have been very uncomfortable for the for 1 hour and 20 minutes I was in the seat it was bearable barely. A word of warning: Spirit charges fees for absolutely everything you want to pick your seat? Fee please want carry-on luggage? Fee please You want to check baggage? Fee please You want a snack on board? Fee please. Credit /debit only we don't recognize $USD as real currency. However if you know what you need for a flight this can be a good deal."
"I flew 3-19-14 and 3-26-14 from ATL to DFW and return. I was prepared for the worst however was pleasantly surprised. I had only one carry on backpack. I checked the size requirements and had to bring one of my smallest backpacks to fit their requirements but I had no problems. I brought my own snacks. I had one checked bag under weight limits so no problem there. I did pay $60 RT for it. I am 5'10\" and didn't have a problem. I didn't care about seat arrangements so I let them seat me. I got an aisle and window seat. The crew were very pleasant the plane was clean and looked new. Flights left and returned all on time. I paid under $200 for everything and made my reservations one week in advance! I printed my boarding pass in advance when leaving and upon returning. I had no extra or hidden charges as I had prepared myself. I highly recommend them just decide if their specifications can fit your comfort level."
"You get what you pay for. I was forced to give at least one star otherwise I would have given zero for seat comfort and inflight entertainment (there is none). I am not a tall person and I have never had my knees so scrunched up on any other airline. Also if you do decide to fly on the cheap with Spirit (not advisable in my opinion) wait to check in and you will get a better seat' if you check in 23 hours in advance they'll give you the poorest seat unless you pay for it but if you wait they will be forced to give you one of the \"premium\" seats for free."
"Traveled from Houston to Orlando round trip Both flights were on time. Airline personnel were all courteous. Seats were comfortable. I read the rules about baggage boarding passes and other charges ahead of time so there were so surprise expenses. It costs less to list a checked bag during registration and printing a boarding pass at home saves $10. Let them give you a random seat and there will not be a charge for a seat I got a middle seat on one flight and aisle seat on the other. Good value for the price."
"New York to Bogota. All of my flights departed on time and arrived earlier than estimated. The flight was ok the prices for snacks were reasonable although there weren't many options the biggest problem in the flight were that the chairs don't recline at all. Another big problem is that all low-cost airlines charge you for the checked bags but Spirit also charges for carry-on luggage which I found out after I paid for the ticket with that extra payment it ended up costing the same as a regular flight with United. Heads up! They also charge you for choosing seats! I wouldn't recommend it because you can get a cheap flight with all of the comforts needed without paying more."
"While they have luggage fees for carry-ons which most airlines have for free your flight is still much cheaper. We found staff to be courteous and helpful from checkout counter to the flight attendants. Complain about not getting a free beverage they charge 5 dollars for 2 I paid 8 dollars for chips and a cookie with United! It's not outrageous when you would pay more for the same item with a different airline. I paid 4 dollars for a water at the airport and 12 dollars for a cheeseburger so I didn't find the price for a beverage crazy as most but reasonable! If you don't want to pay baggage fees carry a backpack it is free! We went from Baltimore to Las Vegas and found the flight pleasant. Will definitely book with them again!"
"I fly Spirit Airlines often have been using this airlines for years. Yes they do charge for nearly everything. However flying from LGA to MYR Spirit is the way to go. Just be prepared check in at LGA is a real pain. Make sure you get there early once checked in everything always seems to go smoothly. Check in at MYR is much easier and more efficient. Book way in advance and choose the seat you would like my wife and I always spend the bucks for the wide seats so much better than other seats. Check out other airlines you will find Spirit to be the best going between the two airports listed above."
"Last month I flew from Myrtle Beach International to La Guardia in NYC. I must say I had a great experience! Check in was a breeze. Did quick bag drop. The crew on board were nice. Flight is only 1 hr 20 min. Same great service on the way back. Did quick bag drop at La Guardia. They had double booked a seat but the crew were very efficient with solving the problem and we were all able to stay onboard! I'm flying using Spirit again in May! Only thing is the baggage fees which I was not thrilled about. Also there aren't any complimentary drinks or food but the trip was less than 90 minute so it's not that serious."
"My family has used Spirit twice in the last two months. The first time my husband booked the flight and was very excited about getting my family of 5 tickets to Atlanta for around $70 a piece. I went onto their website and found that everything cost extra. Luggage food printing boarding passes and even being able to sit with your family. It states that sitting with your family is not guaranteed unless you reserve your seats starting at $10 a piece. I thought surely they would allow small children to sit with their parents but called to be sure. All they could say was \"we cannot guarantee that your children will be able to sit with you but we will try\". My children are 1 4 and 6 I could not leave that to chance. I was surprised however that my 1 year olds ticket was free because he could sit on our lap. They even allowed us to check his car seat for free. We arrived 2 hours early (5am) with plenty of staff to direct us where to go. The flight attendants were nice. The seats didn't recline but the flight was smooth. The second time my husband and my son were flying to ATL again. I went to help my husband check his bag and the car seat. We arrive at the Spirit area there are 4 reps working the counters. We stand in line for 15 minutes with one person in front of us. During that time several people joined the line behind us. A rep then walks up to replace one of the other ones points at everyone and yells \"if your checking bags your in the wrong line these are just for people booking flights.\" She directs everyone to one representative and all of the people who were in front of the line are now at the back. After waiting 20 minutes it is our turn. We walk up to the rep and seeing that we don't have our boarding pass pre-printed. the first words out of his mouth are \"you know your going to have to pay ten bucks for printing your boarding pass.\" I explain that we were not allowed to because of the \"infant in lap.\" He then tries to tell me that we are in the wrong line and tries to direct me back to the line I was originally in. He acted like everything was an inconvenience. He checked out luggage and pointed to an area for oversized luggage for our car seat. I didn't go on the flight with my husband and son so I can only hope that the customer service was better than what we received at the check in counter. So I have had one good experience and one bad experience with Spirit."
"ACY-FLL return. Having read the reviews here I was prepared for the worst. However I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. Perhaps flying out of Atlantic City's small airport helped. Both flights were on time ground crew and cabin crew got to work and were pleasant enough. I must admit I scoured their website for all their travel conditions and was well aware of all details and ensured all check in baggage was within the weight limit and dimensions before I got to the airport. I did see quite a number of people complaining and carrying on about being charged for their bags at both FLL and ACY. Its not that hard to avert these situations at the airport. The trick is to just be extra vigilant with things like baggage weight and all the conditions of your ticket with Spirit before you get to the airport. It is a budget carrier so it seems ridiculous to pay bottom dollar and then expect Emirates style service. On board as everyone knows their legroom is notoriously minimal and probably not going to kill you on a short 2-3 hour flight. A longer trans-continental though might just begin to. There's only buy on board snacks so bring your own. That's pretty much par for the course even if you fly with one of the bigger legacy carriers. BYO Entertainment too. For this short trip Spirit made sense and delivered. United and AA were both about $200 more for a comparable route and while they might offer frequent flyer mileage possibly entertainment there was little else that would have been dramatically different sad to say."
"Mpls to Orlando during spring break. Plane was clean and comfortable staff pleasant at every turn. Original departure was delayed 2 hours due to \"maintenance issues\". Boarding staff kept us updated on our timeline. Cash cannot be used on the plane for food and beverages. CC only. Two small things. Seats are close together. If you are over 6 feet tall you might feel cramped. Second we overheard a conversation between a customer and flight attendant where the attendant wanted the customer to change seats to accommodate a family that did not pre-pay for seat selection and was spread over the plane. The trouble was the customer being asked to change seats HAD pre- paid for his seat selection but was still being pressured to move even after he explained he had paid for current seat. The attendant was insistent and the guy ended up moving."
"My favorite airline JetBlue was impossibly expensive for one way from Ft Myers FL to Boston so I didn't have much of a choice except to give them a try. I booked online adding $35 for carry on and $14 for seat selection of an aisle seat and still came in under $200 - way below any others for a non-stop late reservation. I printed out my boarding pass before leaving home. I carried on a sandwich and drink. The aircraft Airbus 320 with 3-3 seating seemed brand new. Everything was spotless and unscratched. The seats were tight and close but not any more so than AirTran. Half way through the flight I realized the seats didn't recline but it was just a 3 hour flight so endurable. The boarding process was painless; it was a full flight and we left on time and arrived early. I didn't get out of my seat so can't comment on the bathroom facilities. Also I had to answer all the questions but I had no experience with staff service food and beverages and inflight entertainment so only rated them 1 star which might affect my overall rating. I recommend Spirit with the caveat that it definitely is no frills and would fly them again if price and a non-stop flight are my only concerns."
"Friendly helpful staff. We were able to get cheap flights round trip out of Chicago. The flight was 30 min late out of the gates but due to the weather all flights were late that evening. We were early on the return flight. The staff seemed to enjoy their job and it showed when dealing with the customers. The biggest complaint is the seats do not recline at all. We took a red eye flight both ways which makes it very difficult to sleep. Also I understand charging for beverages but I think a glass of water should be offered at no charge."
"Flew from Ft Lauderdale Airport to Chicago O Hare. It was a morning flight so experience a mile long wait at the TSA counter in Ft Lauderdale airline cannot be blamed for this. Booked this flight because it was cheap and since we were doing a lot of around the country flights Spirit really saved us some money. I was really satisfied with the flight slept through most of it the flight was cramped with no inflight entertainment but that did not bother me much. I know most people complain about the extra charges but if you plan your trip right at the start with spirit it is actually quite a good experience. We flew back to Las Vegas using Spirit and I found that experience to be good also no delays in either flights. Overall will fly Spirit again."
"We live in Toronto and have flown out of Buffalo NY into Florida for years. We were delighted to find out that flights were available from Niagara Falls into Fort Lauderdale. Flight cost was a couple hundred less than other carriers for the dates we had searched. We were sure to read all of the details in traveling with this discount airline. We took advantage of checking in bags online booked seats in the exit rows for a little extra space and checked-in/printed out boarding pass before heading to the airport which not only saved money in the long run but also meant that we literally spent less than 5 min. in the fast bag drop line at Fort Lauderdale airport. On our outboard flight we were delayed getting into Niagara Falls due to a snow storm and arrived to the check in counter 15 min. prior to the scheduled departure time. They gladly took our bags and we boarded the aircraft which was delayed by a 1/2 hour due to weather for the incoming flight. On the return flight we found out 4 hours prior to our departure that the flight would be delayed by 1 hour this was a little tough to hear as we were taking a night flight which meant that we would now not arrive into Niagara Falls until 2am. All was fine and the flight left as per the delay that was noted on the companies website. We would fly this airline again have in fact already booked the family in for our Cruise out of Miami in October. Even with the added cost for bag check- in and upgrade to exit row seats we still find this airline to be much more cost effective. You can't expect to fly with a discount carrier and expect a Delta flight. The only one negative thing that we can say it that we wished that the seats on the aircraft reclined on the overnight flights."
"My trip turned out to be enjoyable and no surprises if you plan ahead and follow the baggage weight and size policy to the letter. We flew as a family of 4 from New York to Fort Lauderdale on an airbus A321. Both flights arrived on time and baggage came out within 20 minutes of arriving. The seats were comfortable enough for a 3 hour flight and I am 6 ft tall. The airport terminals for cheap airlines are dingy and overcrowded. Your fare does not include \"seats\". There are cheap seats range from $10 to $40 each way so make sure you book your $10 seats online as early as possible or your trip cost just went up $80 per person. The best deal is the free personal bag (backpack) - you can stuff quite a bit in 16x14x12. Our checked baggage was overweight and the FLL agent was nice and gave us tips to put the heavy items in our backpack to avoid paying the $50 overweight fee! Our flight out was 30 minutes late departure (but still landed on time) and the agents on board were friendly and rolled off a few good jokes to win the crowd over. Fill up you water bottles at the terminal to avoid buying drinks onboard and bring some chips. Our bikes cost $75 which is much cheaper than the major carriers. Overall we saved about $800 for a family of four and we would do it again."
"Flight 319 MSP-RSW 3/1/2014. Flight 318 RSW-MSP 3/5/14. Do your homework lower your expectations and enjoy your cheap airfare. They charge for everything water to check a bag to stow your carry-on in the overhead compartment to choose a seat print your boarding pass at the airport. Do your homework and figure out what makes the most sense for your trip and don't assume you'll get anything for free. For 2 of us checking one bag and purchasing our seats was still $150 cheaper than 2 tickets on Delta. You are allowed one free carry- on bag but it needs to fit under the seat and must meet the dimensions set by Spirit we each had computer bags and were just fine. Checked baggage must weigh less than 40 lbs - 10lbs lighter than most airlines. There is no wifi on board. There are no inflight magazines bring a book or buy a magazine. The seats are smaller than normal coach. If you are uncomfortable in coach seats on Delta don't fly Spirit. I'm 5'5' and 6 months pregnant with an aisle seat on a 3 hour flight I was fine. They will try to sell you a credit card they're not super pushy but it's a little annoying. We checked in online within 24 hours printed our boarding passes with no problem. We went in with super low expectations and arrived at the airport 2 hours early. If you check in online you qualify for \"quick check in\" so we actually bypassed the line when we flew home. In MSP we waited 15 minutes. The ticket agents in MSP and Ft. Myers were friendly and helpful. Our outbound flight was a bit delayed because the inbound flight had to de-ice. Boarded at the time the plane was supposed to depart but they were efficient and we landed 5 minutes early. Flight home after vacation actually left early and landed 15 minutes early. Flight attendants on both flights were friendly and nice. Our luggage arrived in one piece."
"My family of 4 traveled for the third time with Sprit from Dallas to Los Angeles. For the third time we had a great experience. Staff have always been very cordial and helpful. On our latest trip we had a storm while we were gone that required us to come home a day early. After thinking we might need to pay hundreds of dollars to change our flight they ultimately allowed us to move our flight up a day for a minimal change fee. In addition to Spirit going the extra mile to help us out the whole experience was great. The plane seats and interior appeared new and clean the seats don't recline which while maybe being less uncomfortable for you you also don't have the person in front of you invading your space. With Spirit if you understand that they are a pay for each service airline and read the fee lists you can fly for a lot cheaper than other airlines without being blindsided by a surprise fee. We flew for nearly half the price of the next airline. If only they flew out of OKC."
"I just booked my third round-trip flight from San Diego to Portland Oregon. Rt 89.00. I don't take any luggage and go with standard seating. The flight is direct 2.5 hrs. All personnel were very attentive. Three day trip to see my new granddaughter. No entertainment but I bring my tablet."
"My job requires that I travel almost weekly and have flown almost all of the major domestic airlines. Yes they do not offer the amenities of some of the other airlines I prefer the half the cost of the economy rate. As far as the lack of reclining and distance between the rows. I am a big man I prefer the extra width of the Airbus 320 seats and not having the room I do have between the rows invaded by the person in front of me feeling the urge to lay down at the expense of others. As far as the baggage fees when checking in goes I prefer that as opposed to waiting extra time in line for someone to pay for their checked bags. I only take my computer bag on the plane with me. I prefer putting the bag in the overhead instead of under the seat in front of me to make more room for my feet. I will gladly pay for exit row seating as well as my $5 snack & drink. Still much cheaper than the rest of the airlines."
"I booked a round trip from my homeland Costa Rica to New York (La Guardia) last October. No delays (we had two connection flights in Fort Lauderdale with the same result) a positive attitude from the staff a decent A320 aircraft and even more important: no last-hour or surprise fees! If you're not traveling light pay the fee for the bags at the moment of the transaction and select (buy) your seats. The snack menu is poor please eat something before you board the plane. Don't expect a lot of legroom (I'm tall and slim but I never felt really uncomfortable). I made all my trip with a standard size backpack and it was free of charge! With this airline you get what you paid for do not expect more."
"RT MSP-LAX-MSP week of Feb 3. Booked with 8 days notice through the web site which worked fine. Opted for available big up front seats paid for checked baggage (1 bag) both ways and still over $400 less than my usual airline Delta. That's too much of a difference to overlook. Service was fine equipment is A319/320 seats a bit worn but plenty big. Will use again. Do your homework eat ahead bring a book and it's all good."
"Still amazes me at how long it's taking Americans - based upon reviews below - to appreciate the European import of the budget airline concept. This ATL-DFW Saturday night flight was my 3rd Spirit flight each at an unbeatable fare with excellent service. No surprises except for the very nice FA's wasn't expecting such a positive attitude from them. Also this was the first of my 3 flights that wasn't oversold had an entire row to myself! On the down side there is very little personal space don't get stuck in a middle seat of your over 5'6\"."
"We booked a flight from Minneapolis to Orlando. We knew ahead of time about extra pricing and decided to upgrade to the larger front seats. The flight attendants on the morning trip of Feb 15th were fantastic. I honestly did not expect a good experience because of what I had heard about Spirit but I have no complaints. I will be flying them again in the near future. I think the key is to be educated and realize that this is a \"pay for what you use airline \". We brought our own drinks and snacks on board and no one said a word!"
"New Airbus 320 clean and comfortable. On time both down and back. Seats comfortable non-reclining but no less space than any other airline. Staff very friendly and helpful. Great pay-for-what-you-use model. Three round trips between Boston and Ft. Myers for about $750 total counting some of the extras people complain about. Here is the secret for Spirit - read completely and fully understand how it all works before you click \"purchase.\" Most complaints seem to come from people who do not pre-purchase what they want or need and show up at the airport wholly unprepared. Yes they do sock you with outrageous fees if you are one of the great unwashed masses who can't seem to get out of your own way. Before purchasing select your seat choose how you will take luggage and pay for it at the time you book and pay for your flight. Check in online before you go to the airport. No surprises. We fly a lot mostly on Southwest which we love and I did not notice much difference - except the price and less inane humor from the flight attendants. We had a great round trip flight and will consider taking Spirit again."
"Just completed a round trip from BWI to Las Vegas. The service at Spirit was as I expected. I anticipated that Spirit was like the Greyhound of air carriers. For your discounted ticket you get the seat you will ride in and the storage space under the seat. If your personal items will not fit in this space you will be charged for a carry-on bag which is $100 at the time of boarding. The Spirit webpage has the baggage policy which clearly explains the weight and measurement restrictions. Checked baggage is $30 each and carry on is $35 if purchased prior to the start of boarding. Boarding passes should be printed prior to arrival at the airport to avoid a charge to use Spirit's printer. I did some research on the seating on the plane i was booked on and found that the seat spacing is the tightest in the industry. I opted to purchase an exit row seat which was well worth the $25 each way. Even with the additional costs for amenities I saved at least $100 on airfare compared to other carriers providing service from BWI to LAS. I would fly Spirit again tomorrow if needed. If you like having free drink service pillows and blankets then Spirit is not for you. Spirit is a no frills airline but they got me to my destination and back safely and on time. Most of the complaints I heard while on this trip were by people who paid for a flight on an airline and assumed they knew what they were buying. If you take the time to understand what you are buying Spirit is a bargain."
"12/30/2013 to 1/3/2014. Flights 469 and 470. Flights from Dallas to Las Vegas went off without a hitch. Las Vegas to Dallas great flight. All in all I would definitely fly Spirit again."
"Dec 26 flight 451 PBG to FLL. Jan 6 flight 450 FLL to PBG. Spirit is one of my favorite airlines for the price. I fly o Fort Lauderdale to Plattsburgh every 2 weeks. Price is cheap for airline with fleet of all new A320 aircrafts. Almost on time except for bad weather."
"I fly from MSP to TPA several times each winter. I have used Spirit several times. I fly with a service dog. I have had very few problems. The seats are tight but my dog fits herself under the seat in front of me. For a 3 hour flight the prices can't be beaten. People who complain about extra fees etc. have obviously not read information on the website. It is all spelled out and should hold no surprises. I compare flying Spirit to taking the bus-absolutely no frills but it gets you where you want to go!"
"Flight 345 MSP to PHX on 12/22/13 and Flight 342 PHX to MSP on 12/26/13. My 9 month old puppy and I had a great experience flying Spirit this past Christmas season! The airport staff check-in staff and security were extremely helpful and friendly in getting me through the process with my pet. Flight attendants were pleasant! The room under the seat was sufficient for my pets carrier. Although I did think the $100 each way price for my pet was a little steep I will look at Spirit first for my future flights."
"We (family of 4) used Spirit round trip Phoenix to Minneapolis over the holiday and were very satisfied. We saved considerable amount even with the various charges. As with anything you do need to read and understand the fees. Even so it was far cheaper. The check in person in both cities was extremely polite as was the flight crew. Yes the leg room is tight but for what we saved I can deal with that. We fly a lot and I can't say any other airline has better service. Service goes a long way and if this airline maintains low fairs and good service they should succeed in my opinion."
"Verified Review | So I just wanted to come on here to praise United for letting me reschedule my flight when I got sick. They waved the rescheduling fee, and were incredibly nice about it - I didn't really even have to ask. I know no airline is perfect, but I consider this to be a reflection that United certainly isn't the worst, and they can treat their customers well! Will be flying United again whenever I get the chance."
"Verified Review | As someone who attaches a lot of value to reviews that I find online about companies, I feel compelled to share my positive experience with United Airlines. After having read a lot of the previous reviews I expected the worst, but I found a half price multi-city ticket for direct flights from Amsterdam-New York and Washington-Amsterdam with United Airlines, so decided the trip would be worth the money no matter what happened on the flight. In the end there's nothing negative I can think of to mention about my experience with United Airlines. Both flights were on time, the food was great (butternut squash pasta for example) the staff on the plane was very friendly and customer service was helpful and easy to reach. There were enough interesting movies/series on the flight to make the 8 hour flight go by really fast."
"Verified Review | Hartford to San Diego via Washington. We missed our original flight by 2 minutes. The agent on the gate got us on another flight immediately. When we got to our layover destination, we went to the customer service desk and the agent there put us on an earlier flight than originally planned. We only got to our destination 2 hours later than originally planned. I'm very thankful to the great agents who helped us out."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Newark in Business class. Despite many negative reviews, I was pleasantly surprised by United. Firstly the fact that I was able to change my flight time at no cost (Star Gold) on day of departure was a huge help. Boarding at San Francisco was organised and orderly. The plane itself was old and the cabin pretty gloomy, but for a decent price I got a flat bed, comfortable seat large range of entertainment options, decent food and drinks, and an ahead of time arrival. Arrival in Newark was a breeze although priority luggage wasn't first off. I had very low expectations, but would fly United again."
"Verified Review | When flying to the States I go via Dublin wherever I can as the Security clearance in Dublin is a bit of a no brainer and after months of deciding how to get there this time decided to try United Polaris, it was around 400 cheaper than the alternatives. Security was quick using the Fast Track, and we were soon in the new Fifty First and Green lounge where there was an array of breakfast pastries to enjoy before boarding. Wed chosen row 8 and boarding was painless and we were soon enjoying a pre take off Mimosa, having stowed the Saks of Fifth Avenue bedding. Menus were handed out and crew came and took orders for mains before take off. The seat was spacious and comfortable. This was a brunch flight and crew came out with a trolley to make signature Bloody Marys and Mimosas which were served with warm nuts. Meal service with a delicious smoked salmon starter was followed by a succulent steak with scrambled eggs and potatoes. After the cheese plate a United sundae was served, drinks were regularly topped up by crew who were absolutely outstanding, and friendly. Great inflight entertainment and a nice range of snacks were available and about an hour before landing lunch was served which was roast chicken with cous cous and veg. Flight landed on time at 1110 and thats where the benefit of Dublin security kicked in - we were out of the airport with checked luggage and in our taxi at 1130. A great way to get to the States which Id happily recommend."
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Las Vegas. The on time performance on this flight impress me. From boarding to the landing gate it was early. Service was efficient, just beverage and snacks, since it was late evening. Flight attendant comes regularly to check up on the passengers, although still missed taking away my glass before take off. The seats comes with PTV, but are showing their age on this ex Continental 739, still was a comfortable ride. Luggage arrive at the carrousel before I did. I see improvement on this flight."
"Verified Review | Washington to Rochester. The flight was very pleasant except for the rather disturbingly rude person who sat next to me. He was quite rude to the stewardess. I believe he was upset because it was a short flight and couldn't give him the amount of alcohol that he had hopped for. He fussed and decided to write very awful things about her. Dispite this the stewardess was very patient, calm, and kind. I find this very admirable, and just wanted to congratulate United on hiring such a resilient woman."
"Verified Review | Flew Washington DC to Oregon. I cannot remember the last time I flew United. For this trip, United had the best tickets for the price. The planes were planes, the snacks were the same. I was truly shocked at how good the crew were on all four legs of the trip. I was traveling with my three year old son and they could not have been more accommodating. He was so sick on our way to Oregon that we were running back to the bathroom every 45 minutes. They were kind and generous and offered to help me during this very stressful flight. On the way back home my son was feeling better and we did not need as much help or support. Although, we received it anyway. Both crews offered help, extra drinks or snacks through out the flights, as well as offering to help me off the plane. I cannot remember the last time I had such a positive experience on any airline. Great job United!"
"Verified Review | Oklahoma to Cancun via Houston. Missed my flight for the first time ever. I was panicked. The staff totally had me calmed down and booked me a flight immediately. Thank you for having such sweet, friendly and understanding staff. 5 star quality demeanor. We need more people like this in the world."
"Verified Review | I purchased non-refundable round-trip tickets from Boston to San Francisco for my husband and myself to attend my dear cousin's funeral. A day before our scheduled departure, I canceled my husband's flight because he had a bad cold and was coughing too much to get on a plane. In my conversation with United, I was told how to file for a refund (even though my tickets were non-refundable). I traveled to San Francisco myself. The direct flight both ways went fine, but the return flight was remarkable. By chance, I ended up sitting next to my sister and brother-in-law who were returning to Boston from the same funeral. We chatted with one of the flight attendants who knew we were returning from a funeral. She was exceptionally kind and gave us complimentary snacks. Her kindness was greatly appreciated during our bereavement. After I returned home, I filled out the online Refund form to see about getting a refund for my husband's ticket. I explained that not only was he coughing too much to get on a plane for six hours but it would have been very inconsiderate to other passengers for him to be hacking away. United Airlines was kind enough to promptly issue a refund for my husband's unused round-trip fare - a full refund, not a credit for future travel. I appreciate the refund - the thought of having to pay for an unused round-trip ticket for a funeral would only add insult to injury. I am grateful to United Airlines for making a very unpleasant situation (me traveling across the country alone, without my husband, for my cousin's funeral) as comfortable and pleasant as they could."
"Verified Review | Lisbon to Washington return, and I did not see any major glitches with the service. Meal was tasty, a decent choice of entertainment, and staff was helpful. It wasn't stellar service but it fulfilled the minimum requirements. More importantly, on the way back we had to change planes when we were already seated because there was an electrical problem and United managed to prepare a replacement aircraft in just over 2 hours, which I found impressive. I don't think flying through the US is the best option to fly to Canada, but I would probably fly United again to Canada via Dulles if I could not find an affordable flight that is direct."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Heathrow via Washington. The only problems that I encountered was severe weather which delayed are flight by 40 mins but they turned the plane around very quickly. Even after the delay I still didn't miss my connection, the second thing was the food on my flight back to London, it wasn't the best but then it wasn't horrible. On both flights the ground staff were helpful and informative, also on both flight the seats were cushioned and had a lot of hip room. The cabin crew on both flights were funny, helpful and informative. The inflight entertainment has a ton of stuff. The wifi was easy to access and has good connectivity. The food and beverages are good but personally I think pasta and mushrooms aren't the best mix. Overall very good value for your money."
"Verified Review | Little Rock to Kalamazoo via Chicago with United. This was my first flight with my 4 month old and I was very nervous. The flight attendants were beyond kind and accommodating. We were lucky to be on two flights that were not full and the crew so kindly gave us a spare seat which made our trip significantly less stressful."
"Verified Review | Tokyo to Toronto via Chicago. The food was good for the long flight from Tokyo. Standard. My complaint is that I was not given a choice due to being in economy class as they ran out of the other choice. I guess that's what I get for being poor. The flights were mainly on time, but they were delayed a bit due to things that were out of control. Otherwise, it was reasonable. Customer service was standard and expected. The staff was efficient and friendly enough and were able to answer my questions. They lost my luggage and I was disappointed. But I was able to get my luggage back delivered the next day and the help desk was nice and friendly. Standard amenities, the blankets were thin and did not keep me warm, no extras but for the price, I did not expect any extras. They were the cheapest airline. Overall it was a good experience, standard and I'm happy I got my bag back so quickly."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Newark on a morning flight and really enjoyed the experience. We were supplied with drinks and hot food, and had a great selection of entertainment whilst being able to charge our phones & laptops. The staff didn't keep trying to flog us duty free goods which is always a bonus. However our return journey on 18th July wasn't so good. Poor entertainment with very limited choice and screens the size of postage stamps with no device charging facilities. Not everyone wants to sleep on a night flight. Also the hot meal was dreadful. Slimy cheesy sauce with horrible wilted spinach and some substance masquerading as chicken. These minor gripes aside, I would fly United again - just not on a night flight. Much better facilities & entertainment on the day flight which was an all round more enjoyable experience."
"Verified Review | Houston to Calgary. Very thankful for the agents at Houston's gate C37 on July 6th, 2017. My friend was denied boarding as she attempted to travel to Canada on just her Green card. The agents worked furiously to pull our luggage and get us rebooked to a border town for us to make a ground crossing. Our issue delayed that flight by 25 mins, but agents cared more about helping us. Thank you so much United agents!"
"Verified Review | First time flying this route from Houston to Honolulu and I was not looking forward to it. Why? 8 hours in the sky with no free hot meals (you have to purchase from a menu and it's not cheap - $10 for a burger), no in-flight entertainment screens, and a sardine can economy cabin with the 3-4-3 seating arrangement. All this in mind and I was not eager to fly. As I boarded the plane and settled in my seat I noticed that yes the seats got narrower to accommodate more seats across but the seats are also new and well crafted with details. The seat was made out of this leather with detailed stitching patterns and a tag on the side that had the United logo on it and it had a cool color scheme to it too. Not only did it look good but it felt fairly comfortable for a small seat and the cushioning was decent. Legroom was also tolerable and take my word for it because I have very long legs. The seats didn't have those necessary in-flight entertainment screens but all seats were installed with a tablet/device holder so you can comfortably watch free entertainment on your personal device via the United wifi. (Make sure you have downloaded the United app before you board). The wifi connectivity was fairly strong though it didn't work the last half of the flight. Cabin crew were pleasant. They had poise, well groomed and very polite and I have no complaints or problems with them. The only huge disappointment I have is that for an 8-hour flight, no free meals were offered! It felt like a long-haul budget carrier flight! Of course, there was a full drink service. If you wanted to eat, you had to order from the menu a wide selection of hot meals that costed upwards $10. If it was that expensive then it should taste good I thought - which did. $10 Mediterranean chicken wrap was a rather small portion for a $10 meal but the tastes were worthy enough for you to think it came from Chipotle or something."
"Verified Review | Check in was a challenge given the touch screens did not work properly. Staff were on hand but while friendly left before they could verify that the issue was solved. It was solved in the United Club. This meant that check in took much longer than it could have. Security cleared quickly, lounge was pleasant. My wife and I despite having the same booking number could not be seated together but this may have been due to changing our flight the week before. This also meant a downgrade to economy but on this short flight from San Francisco to San Diego doesn't make much difference as there is little on offer in either class. Flight left a little late but arrived on time. Plane was clean and comfortable and crew were very friendly. In all a pleasant experience, bags were available within 5 minutes of being at the carousel."
"Verified Review | This was the best economy class flight I have had on United in a while. Flew San Francisco to Washington. The service was great, all attendants offered excellent personalized service - eye contact, smiles, all the right stuff. Beverages were offered at least four times during the 4 hour flight with snacks being offered twice. It was a real pleasure. We took off on time and landed about 30 minutes early. Even boarding, with an outsized Group 1, was fast and efficient. A very positive experience overall."
"Verified Review | For a domestic, US flight, United 1262 Newark to Denver was reasonably pleasant. The row 20, exit row window, provided more-than-ample leg room. The advertised food options were available and of quite good quality, and the service, despite the fact that the aircraft was completely filled, was very satisfactory. The AVOD screens in the seatback in front offered an excellent choice for in-flight entertainment. I don't know if this was intentional, but the screens were activated w/o charge. In addition, the personal device entertainment system worked well, and I was able to watch \"Lincoln\" while keeping the flight map on the AVOD screen. My experiences with United continue to be positive, and I hope that this positive experience will balance the plethora of negative reviews."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Denver to Cedar Rapids. Pilot did an excellent job of communicating with passengers as we encountered threat of developing severe weather and possible need to divert route on a late day/night flight to Cedar Rapids. He kept us updated as flight progressed and really appreciated his emphasis on safety, felt well informed as we saw flashes of lightening and huge thunderheads in the dark and dealt with turbulence for much of the flight. He was able to move alongside the line of storms while just keeping ahead of them. We no more than touched the wheels down in Cedar Rapids and the rain hit. The passengers erupted in appreciative cheers and clapping; grateful to be safely on the ground just before midnight and did not have to divert to Minneapolis. Thanks to an excellent pilot and crew."
"Verified Review | Flew Houston - Boston and return last week with United Airlines. Both flight were on time, both flights had great service and friendly helpful staff. Is there room for improvement? Of course there is, but this time I'm not complaining. B737 and return A319 were clean and crew were excellent. I came in late on Icelandair on my way back and had to run from E to B in BOS and the staff member at the United desk did save my day by issuing my boarding pass and guided me to security so I made my flight back to Houston."
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Washington Dulles and return. United's standard domestic first class is reasonably comfortable. The new Boeing 737-924s have United's latest amenities, including entertainment and flight information delivered to your pad, smart phone or computer via internal wi-fi. The selection of entertainment options is quite good and free. You must bring your own earbuds or headphones, even in first. Wi-fi otherwise is pretty dreadful and not worth whatever you pay for it. The inflight dynamic map is completely useless. First class service is quite good and attentive, but the food is mediocre. Gone are the days when the flight attendants constructed an ice cream sundae for each first class passenger, replaced by mango sorbet in a cup. Meal selection is handled rather oddly, with first choice going to those with the highest frequent flier tier status. Thus, even if you pay full price for your first class ticket, you may come up at the bottom of the pile in choosing your meal. Not endearing."
"Verified Review | I am actually a fairly happy frequent flier of United Airlines, but you (and they) need to know what inconsistencies and problems flyers experience. Here are just some of the many independent situations I've experienced in 6 months (2017), all with United Airlines. 2 x jetway failures  Upon arrival at gate, had to push plane out and had to wait on tarmac for another available gate. This made us 45 minutes and 35 minutes late these two examples. One of these examples, I missed my connecting flight. Had to sprint to connecting flight on the other. 2 x flight crew members didn't show up for work - one 1.5 hour delay and one flight cancelled (after several hours) and had to stay overnight in Houston. Was forced to pay for most of hotel room. Luckily I was first in line to get rebooked the next morning and was also able to get an airport hotel room. Others were not so lucky 2 x sensor failures - On two separate trips had to return to gate after pushing off, one time there was no immediate gate and had to wait on tarmac for over an hour. Another time, plane was taken off service and we waited for several hours for a replacement. 2 x late planes  Planes didnt arrive on time (not weather-related) and once we took off and landed at connecting airport, I had to run from terminal to terminal to make connection. Most other passengers doing the same connection did not make it. On the positive side, I will say that my status does help me solve many other problems that come up (some weather-related, some not), but for non-status passengers, those other situations would have been horrific. Also, Economy Plus is really the only reason I can enjoy my experience as much as I do. I am treated well by United team members, and Economy Plus seat spacing is enjoyable even for a 6'3\" person."
"Verified Review | Flew United from Lisbon to Newark and then returned to Brussels. I really did not have any great expectations of this airline. I just hope that I will arrive and return safe and sound. Not to mention this is my first time flying with them. It turns out that the flights were really pleasant. FA did good job on both flights even though not particularly charming if you used to fly with QR or SQ except for a male FA on United 999 who was exceptionally nice and polite. B767 looks very spacious with newest IFE, B777 shows its age but still in a good shape. The inbound flight was delayed by 30 minutes but we arrived just slightly behind the schedule. Both landings were probably among the smoothest I have experienced. The food was rather small in portion but with a decent quality. My pre-order meal (MOML) was well served something I really appreciated. The collection of movie might be limited if we compare to those of EK, QR, or SQ but I managed to watch two very good ones released in 2015 and 2016 respectively. All in all I am very happy and quite amazed with the level of service."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Honolulu. Very good flight experience thanks to very good and experienced crew. As usually on the route from California to Honolulu the aircraft was not the newest and the seats were not the latest either. And as usual the staff is rather older and more experienced (seniority principle on this routing) then on any other route on the planet. But the always friendy, smiling and efficient crew did more then compensate for old seats or plane. One staff did the cooking and the other one did the service. All in a very personal and efficient way, one felt like being already in Honolulu. The food and the drinks on offer were good and well sized. The entertainment system is rather limited and on a small tablet screen. The crew was one of the best ever on a plane, and it was most enjoyable to watch them serving with joy and fun."
"Verified Review | Hamburg to Newark. We got a free upgrade to premium eco so me and my travel companion could sit together - which are standard seats with standard service and extra legroom - which was a decent move. Customer service is friendly and helpful, however the crew was a little rude. The Boeing 767 was old but not worn down, the IFE was aged as well. Cannot complain about the food (chicken or Pasta), but both flights were delayed at least one hour, HAM-EWR even 2,5 hours. Thus, United is a typical US carrier: nothing exciting, but solid."
"Verified Review | After all of the awful publicity that United received in the months leading up to our flights I was concerned that I had made a terrible choice for our journey from Sydney to Los Angeles. However, my 14 hour economy flight was probably about as enjoyable as any economy flight can be. United flies the lovely new 787 on this route, the air quality is better, the lighting is better and the seats, although they look really small, are actually amongst the most comfortable I have flown on. Video Entertainment is great, although the lack of audio was a bit frustrating, take your phone or Ipad along for this. Wi-Fi for purchase is a fun option to pass the time and costs are reasonable. The food was OK, a meal on departure, a snack in between and then a rubbery egg breakfast before landing in LA. The reality is this was an economy flight, the fare was really really good value. We resisted the constant sales push before the flight to purchase economy plus which does provide extra leg room if you feel you need it, at least with United have this option at a pretty reasonable rate if you feel you need it. By the way, this flight was spot on time as were all of our other United internal flights, boarding and disembarking was smooth as anything. The crew were friendly enough and seemed pretty happy about servicing our requirements, they appeared older than on most other airlines but were chatty and responsive."
"Verified Review | Lisbon to Newark. The new Polaris Business class of United is a very nice product. The seats are comfortable, the screen is a nice size and the new amenities kit is excellent. The seats are lie flat and offer a great rest. However, they are somewhat difficult to adjust at the intermediate levels, the upright and lie flat are done at the push of a button. Other than that, the only complaint I had was for the lack of storage on the seat - the old seats (and this may have been the ones in first) and small nooks to store stuff. That is not the case here, or at least I did not find them - so the storage has to be done in the overhead bins. Besides the very comfortable oversized pillow, United also provides you with two blankets, a regular one, and a slightly heavier quilted one. I initially used the quilted one, but since the temperature in the cabin was quite comfortable I eventually gave up on both. The food is a little lacking, for the first course, I chose the Halibut which was very good but second meal was a very dry and flavorless piece of chicken breast. This, in my opinion, is a problem, primarily because it is served an hour before landing and sticks in people's memories as their meal experience. The service while professional is not on par with European, Asian or Middle Eastern carriers. While I cannot put my finger on it simply lacks the elegance and savoir-faire of their counterparts. Another big issue is the entertainment, while there is an excellent selection I cannot for the life of me understand why I constantly have to be subjected to Barracuda and Marriott advertising - it is not just once, but after every single show that I want to watch. This really cheapens the United brand, if you want to do it on the domestic legs to offset the entertainment costs the so be it - but to do it on the international leg in business class is unheard of. United is definitely on to something with Polaris, with a little fine tuning this could become a Business Class for others to follow."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Sydney to San Francisco. The plane was fully booked and being a Dreamliner which is a smaller plane was very noticeable, the inflight entertainment was excellent but the headphones are poor so take your own. The food was nice and alcohol was free, the seat pitch was great but the leg room was awful. The trip itself wouldn't have been too bad if the staff were friendlier and there wasn't turbulence for the entire 14 hour flight."
"Verified Review | Reno to Burlington. First thing in the morning at 4:45am today, I got to my airport and my flight left at 5:30 . I punch in my confirmation code and was alerted by United Airlines kiosk that the time to check bags has passed. I was told from a United Airlines staff that I would be put on standby and booked out in the afternoon. I hear someone from baggage say, \"we can still do it!\" I greatly greatly appreciate the woman who helped me, she shook my hand and smiled at me and told me it would be OK. I appreciate her help, and my vacation would be a completely different experience (not for the better I was afraid) if it wasn't for her. Thank you."
"Verified Review | From Austin to Denver First Class on an A320. Check In via the mobile App, which I find is one of the better airline Apps. United Club is Austin has just been changed around a bit, adding more seating with a better flow to it. Some fruit and something to drink and then it was time to board. I like the United's zone lanes, as it tends to help spread things out a bit better. In Zone 1, was the 4th person to board. Comfortable new interior on this A320, Good legroom and snack service, with warm scones once airborne. Watched some videos, again on the UA App and in 2 hours we were landing, with a ontime arrival. Flight attendants and gate agents were all excellent and professional, frequent updates from the cockpit. Overall a really nice morning flight."
"Verified Review | I read several negative reviews about United. So pleased to write that I had a great experience with United mainline flights on my Burbank - NYC/LGA via Denver. Customer Service agents were pleasant and helpful. Flight Attendants were helpful, polite, and sharp and went the extra mile in providing true customer support. The airbus 319/320 are new or fairly new, as compared to old Airbus 320 aircraft on JetBlue's non-stop JFK/BUR or Jetblue's non-engaged and cold-attitude flight attendants and CSA's. Comfortable leather seats on all flights. Great climate control. I enjoyed connecting in United's Denver terminal, clean, bright and spacious and plenty of helpful and polite United agents."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Paris via Chicago with United. Our flight was held up in Chicago. This would make us late to our connection in Paris to Copenhagen. We went to customer service who very nicely and politely booked us on a later flight for all six of us in our party. A great job."
"Verified Review | I encountered excellent customer service from the United staff on the flight from Salt Lake City to Houston, and from Houston to New Orleans. Flight 1718 was delayed by air traffic control for an hour, which meant an extremely tight, in fact, impossible layover in Houston [7 minutes]. The gate agent [Gate B7 at SLC] got me a reservation on the first flight out the following day as the flight from Houston to New Orleans was the last of the day. The agents kept us up to date and were optimistic that time would be made up and the outbound flight held a few minutes to accommodate enroute passengers. Apparently, meals for first class were not delivered on the previous flight and the gate agent ran down to buy 8 meals to make sure we got fed. The United staff did an excellent job in hurrying boarding and making sure those with tight connections had a good shot at making the next flight. It all worked out! I made the flight to New Orleans. Not surprisingly, the checked bag didn't make it, but it was delivered to my door two days later, at an address 120 miles from New Orleans. On this flight United Airlines did very well indeed."
"Verified Review | Houston to Edmonton with United. Flight attendant was wonderful. I needed to charge my phone and he went above and beyond in helping me. Asked us several times if we needed water or another drink. I love this airline! And the seats are always nicer and comfy than a few other airlines. I fly 6-8 times a week and I really appreciate how they over-delivered today on my flight."
"Verified Review | This United flight was the return part of a same-day trip Washington to Tampa return. Both flights were boarded with good discipline, pushed-back early, and arrived ahead of schedule. The service in economy was minimal, but there was a normal beverage offering: soft drinks for free and alcoholic beverages for a reasonable charge. I reserved and received the exit row window seat, which is my favorite. The personal device service onboard is a step forward, but the flight map included is much inferior to the one Lufthansa offers. As a Star Alliance Gold, I took the hike over to the B concourse to enjoy the Lufthansa Senator Lounge, which was surprisingly uncrowded. These last few weeks have been a trial-by-fire for United Airlines. Many frequent flyers have been outraged by egregious onboard errors, but my experiences with United have always been positive. I have several trips with them planned for next month, and I hope and expect that these flights will go smoothly as well."
"Verified Review | Newark to Singapore via Hong Kong and return via San Francisco. United is my personal preferred carrier. EWR to Hong Kong serviced by some of the most aged and bitter UA personnel. Locally based HK crew HKG-SIN delivered exceptional service. SIN-SFO on a brand new aircraft (787-9) which seemed above average as UA competes with SQ. 777-300 SFO-EWR delivered a great product. Avoid EWR long-haul, especially to Asia. It's clear that tenured FAs based in EWR are lacking and should be promptly retired."
"Verified Review | Birmingham to Los Angeles via Newark. Normally to get through a flight with a US based carrier by telling my self to lower expectations. However, with United's new Polaris Business class on the BHX to EWR leg those days are over. Polaris is a product that is truly up to international standards. Whilst the 757 seating is the same as before the whole soft product is a massive improvement. From the time you reach your seat with its pile of Saks Fifth Avenue bedding topped by a cuddly polar bear teddy, to disembarkation I felt looked after. A brochure explaining the product including the menu was handed out as was an excellent amenity kit. Tasty food well presented with lots of little touches. I would highly recommend it. The ratings are based on this leg. Unfortunately the success of Polaris just went to show how far behind the P.S. business class with the same flat bed seating, which was on the EWR to LAX leg, was. No amenity kit, limited bedding, single sheet menu, adequate but not exceptional cabin staff. I lowered my expectations and it was alright. United needs to roll out its new winning product into its longer domestic routes."
"Verified Review | After all the poor reviews I had some trepidation flying United within the United States. However all was pretty fine. My flight from San Francisco to Denver was delayed as the aircraft comes in from Auckland before proceeding to Denver. Once on-board the service was very good indeed and very personal and pleasant. First Class fares in the US are not much more (if at all) than many economy fares in Australia so I suspect economy/coach passengers in the US on United have little to complain about - there is no such thing as a free lunch! The United Club before boarding was fine except the food offerings were not so good. Picking up a boarding pass coming in from an international flight was not so good either - very slack staff, However, once on board, I really enjoyed being able to chat to the flight crew on boarding and afterwards as well as the good wine. The United DBA express onwards to Lincoln was fine, even in economy. I would happily fly United again.."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Hong Kong with United Airlines. Not an easy and quick check-in. Plane looked aged, nice leg room space, good inflight entertainment and very good Wi-Fi and internet connection at a reasonable price (for the entire flight), terrible blankets. Very nice and gentle cabin crew. Food wasnt poor quality and quantity for a flight of 14h30."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Raleigh Durham via Chicago. On-time both flights. Good seat pitch, as the seats are slightly thinner. Glad to see that snacks are back on United. Loved the Stroopwafels! Wonderful service, flight attendants were kind. The only complaint is with the seat recline, which was minimal and slightly uncomfortable to sleep in. So if you're flying a red-eye and want some sleep, take a window seat - makes a huge difference, especially on a Boeing 737."
"Unverified | The fact that I could avoid Frankfurt and fly directly from Houston to Munich is probably the best thing about this flight. The Boeing 767 is one of my favorite aircraft and it has a great interior and is well kept. The service was great, but the food was bad even by airline standards. I am probably one of the few people on this planet that enjoy airline food but this is simply not edible. For some reason their bread is called a 1234VR Brown Roll, I am not sure what it is and what horrible concoction of chemicals it inlcudes, but I cannot fathom why they would serve it to their guests. I miss the times when bread was just that bread, made with water, yeast and flour. The entertainment is a bit annoying as you are forced to view 2 commercials prior to any movies or TV episodes. The entertainment is also very lacking in general, the movies are very old as in HBO old. Nothing that is currently in the movies is shown."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Boston. Flight departed in a timely manner. Seat was Economy Plus, with extra leg room. Worth the small price over a regular economy seat. In-flight entertainment system worked well with my iPad. Purchased food was good. Seat was comfortable. Crew was friendly and efficient."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Salt Lake City. Seat was very comfortable, recline was acceptable. Did not use entertainment, preferred to read my book. Inflight service was excellent on this short flight. Crew was friendly, provided announcements when necessary. Check in was prompt, friendly, efficient at LAX."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tokyo Narita on 18 December 2016. I was one of the last to board and had a window seat. The cabin crew took some time to realise that I have boarded but once they took notice, they quickly offered a menu for pre-flight drinks. The seat layout was the older Polaris product i.e. not all seats have direct access to the aisle. After take off, the crew came round to take orders for meals. The menu looked impressive but at least two of the meal options were not available which was disappointing. I had to go with my 2nd option but thoroughly enjoyed the meal. The service was attentive and pro-active with the crew doing rounds to ensure passengers' drinks are topped up, etc. I especially enjoyed the Sak's avenue blanket and large pillows. There were a thin blanket and small pillow available so passengers get to choose what works best."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Auckland. Flight was very full as there is only one flight a day and the previous nights flight had left about 13 people behind due to being late off another United Airlines flight. This was fine we all got a seat but then sat for about half an hour to an hour on the plane as we waited for people coming off another flight, then waited for their baggage which seemed to have got lost. This is quite a late flight, we boarded at almost 11 pm at night so everyone was tired including the FA's. They seemed to be all tired, grumpy and not very helpful at all. I asked for a vegetarian meal (which is part of the standard meals now) and they gave me a chicken one - they weren't listening. The captain was great and kept us up to date. They tried to sell the premium economy seats a few times while we were waiting which is a bit annoying as they gave the impression the flight was full and it got everyone in a bit of a panic, especially the people who had been hanging around all day having missed the flight the previous night. They gave us dinner, a snake and breakfast. I slept most of the flight but it was bumpy and I put this down to going over the Pacific."
"Verified Review | This was a round trip, same-day flight from Tampa to Washington IAD and return with United Airlines. Both flights boarded with good discipline, pushed-back ahead of time, departed promptly, and arrived early - the outbound flight by 24 minutes and the return by 1 minute. As a Mileage Plus Gold, I was upgraded on both segments. Golds are a low priority for complimentary upgrades, but Saturdays offer a better chance than weekdays. The snack offered was meager but acceptable for a two hour flight. Beverage service was quite satisfactory. United now offers Prosecco in domestic first class. It's not champagne, but it represents a step forward for United. These flights were uneventful and satisfactory - a situation that doesn't often occasion reviews but represents almost the entirety of my experiences with United Airlines."
"Verified Review | As always United was great, on time, comfortable, great service. No issues on my flight from Turks and Caicos to New York. We also flew them down there. Also I need to comment on the trip which I had to cancel to Aruba on Jan 9 2017, returning Jan 20. We had a medical emergency for my wife 6 days prior and I submitted the info and they refunded all our costs with no issues. This is the first time I had to cancel a trip in 45+ years. They made it so easy. I will always look forward to United being my priority carrier."
"Verified Review | Washington Dulles to Toronto Pearson. On this day of travel, I needed to change my flight and the woman (I forgot her name) who helped me behind the desk did not know that if I didn't make it back to Toronto (because I didn't look ill) that I could have lost my vision permanently because I needed medical attention. I am grateful to United Airlines for accommodating my desperate need to get back to Toronto ASAP. I even tried to get help from Air Canada, who I usually fly with and they would not help me. But United Airlines was the only airlines who would help me. I will always remember United Airlines and the compassion and courteous help that the woman who worked behind the service counter gave to me. She also went above and beyond by giving me a confirmed seat and not a standby ticket. This is what all customer service should look like and I am thankful to United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Rio de Janeiro via Houston. Nice surprise and United is slowly improving. Everything went smoothly. From check-in to landing. Not of course at the level of an Asian or Middle East airline, but matching with LH. Employees seemed more motivated than usual, planes on time, well catered lounges, etc."
"United Airlines (UA 419) from Seattle to Washington Dulles. Several aspects of this flight were exemplary. Check-in was quick, TSA Pre-check was immediate, and boarding was done with discipline. We pushed back a few minutes early, and with a very strong tail wind, we landed 45 minutes early. I had the window seat in the first overwing exit row, and the middle seat was empty, so the seating was quite comfortable. There were, however, two areas where United fell short. Warm breakfast meals are supposedly available for purchase, but by the 8th row of premium economy, all options were sold out. This was an early morning flight and the catering crew should have anticipated a higher demand for meals. My second observation concerns the in-flight entertainment. I have the United app downloaded on my iPad, so I was able to access a variety of movies free of charge. There is also a very inferior flight map with some aircraft data. The in-flight map on Lufthansa allows you to identify villages, lakes, streams and other geographical features. The United map gives you an approximate idea of what state you may be flying over. If the technology exists for better and more entertaining information, United ought to provide it."
"Verified Review | Flew with United from Raleigh Durham to Newark as part of a code share route to Fredericton, New Brunswick. Flight boarded early and left on time arriving a bit early in Newark. Flight crew were professional and pleasant. While IFE was provided via Direct TV, the system was difficult to turn off and passengers were subjected to an announcement / advertisement at the start of the flight which I personally found annoying. I did not really want to watch bad news on the TV screen and it took several tries to get it shut off. That and the fact that Newark is a pretty poor airport where the only issues with this flight. Passengers should be aware that a plane change in Newark may mean having to go through security screening again. This was the case for me in going from Terminal C to Terminal A. Wonder what passengers arriving from one of the nice European or Asian airports think when they arrive in such a scruffy airport."
"Verified Review | Having flown Business Class from Bangkok on a A380 Thai Airways to Paris to connect to United Airlines business Class to Newark, the difference was striking. The United much hyped Polaris business class product was disappointing. Unfortunately the Polaris seats and configuration is still the old narrow flat seats in the 2-4-3 configuration where all passengers don't have aisle access and window and middle seats have to ask the aisle passenger to get up. On my flight, there was a extra Polaris trainer on board for the cabin attendants but still the service was not smooth or elegant. Polaris is suppose to understand that rest and sleep is primary to the business flyer but the meal service took at least 2.5 hours with them still beginning to serve the ice cream when the lights were already dimmed. There was such a long time between courses as if the attendents didn't know what to do. I was seated next to the galley and watched them being disorganized and clumsy as the curtain was not closed. The Thai Airways personal cabin attendant knew my name as she introduced herself and all the courses, refill of drinks arrived swiftly and effortlessly like magic from behind a curtain. The cabin was always a sea of calm and tranquil unlike United noisy clatter. The one thing that was superior on United's Polaris was the cuisine. The salad was fresh and the courses plated well and restaurant quality. If only if United's Polaris could train their cabin attendants to a much higher standard of providing smooth professional service as if in a quality restaurant rather than a busy diner."
"Verified Review | Vancouver to San Francisco. United has an excellent short haul product. Cabin clean and quite new aircraft on both flights. Free Tasty snacks and Mobile Entertainment system are wonderful. No power unit though so make sure your gadget are fully charged. FA's are friendly, engaging and smiling which was a contrast to when I flew UA on international from SFO-NRT. FA's were cold, distant and doesnt seem to be enjoying what they do and UA still uses the tired and old Boeing 747/400 on that route. In my experience, United has truly improved their service and product especially on the short haul flights."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Cancun with United Airlines. Great flight and crew. We departed a couple of minutes early. The flight was perfect. The crew in Cancun were excellent and I think that I can recommend United to anyone. I think their new website is getting better, but could be improved with all search options together."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from GIG to IAH. Brand new Star Alliance lounge at GIG. Wide, nice food, nice view on tarmac, and reasonable wines. A pleasant surprise. Brand new Polaris service on board. Amenity kit has improved indeed, as well as food and drinks. Unfortunately B787 C class seat is too narrow, and the feet part (\"ottoman\") does not allow to move them during the night. A terrible mistake. Very smiley crew in a clean aircraft."
"Direct flight from San Fransisco to Tokyo (Haneda) with United Airlines. Considering the ticket price, service was amazing. Where in most United flights economy class food looks small and not appealing at all, both lunch and breakfast tasted just fine. Due to maintenance issue, aircraft change had to be made and departure was late for 1hr. Full flight but in-flight service was with a smile and efficient. Staff quickly cleared the food trays after meal to make space for economy passengers. United does not charge economy passengers for American craft beers (Samuel Adams, Goose IPA etc) and some house wines which is another appealing point. Apart from the small PTV screen and the 1-hr delay, no complaints about this flight."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to San Francisco SFO via Los Angeles. The flight to Los Angeles on a new Boeing787-9. Amidst negative reviews on United's long-haul economy class, I found myself in a different experience. Small portions of food but tasty enough. FAs were attentive. Flight departed late but arrived on time. IFE screens may not be as sophisticated and/or big as Asia-based airlines' new aircrafts but contents are a lot more varied, especially compared to ANA and Asiana. Second leg, flight from LAX to SFO on an older A320. No complaints. FAs were attentive and offered some additional beverages on such a short flight. Overall, satisfactory trip with United."
"Verified Review | Flew United Raleigh Durham to Chicago (UA1561) in First Class and returned in Premium Economy (UA4487). I was nervous about flying United as it does not have a great reputation but the schedule was good and it worked out. The outbound flight was fine and the First Class seats were comfortable (better than the American First Class cabins I have flown recently) but did need a bit of cleaning. Crew was fine, boarding was easy as flight was not full and we arrived early. The return flight was a very pleasant surprise. The captain greeted boarding passengers and came into the cabin to use the PA and provide flight info. He advised a strong tailwind would get us in early but we might get some chop due to it. He introduced all the crew and also explained that he was holding the flight for a passenger on an international connection since this was the last flight to RDU that evening. But even with the hold we would get to RDU early. Flight was reasonably smooth with occasional bumpiness but the captain changed altitude several times to find smoother air. Cabin staff were pleasant and the premium economy seating was fine (though it was the most expensive premium economy I have purchased on any of the 3 legacy carriers.) Apparently IFE is available for free if you download the United app but I did not bother so cannot comment on the quality of the IFE. This particular flight was very good, largely due to the captain and crew."
"Verified Review | Cancun  Shannon via Newark: Booked with United as they offered the most convenient connections back to Ireland. Check in at Cancun was self check in with a bag drop. There were no queues at the United desks which made for a pleasant experience. Boarding was organised into groups which was convenient for me as I was in group 2. The flight was uneventful and on time, leg room was a little on the tight side, I used the Direct TV which had a large offering of videos and TV stations for a fee. United only serve a small snack and drink on the flight for free and pay for sandwiches and alcoholic drinks. Transit in Newark was quick for immigration but very slow for TSA, but I had plenty of time. Flight to Ireland was a better experience with good leg room, choice of movies on demand and a good quality meal which consisted of a starter and main course, followed by an Ice cream and bottle of water as a separate serving, which was a nice touch. The flight had turbulence mid way over the Atlantic, but the Captain kept us well informed and ascended throughout the flight to avoid as much of the turbulence as possible. Crew were very friendly, helpful and professional throughout the flight. Landed ahead of time in Shannon, Captain even met the passengers on the airbridge and thanked us for flying with them, a very nice touch. Overall United offer a good experience especially on the transatlantic sector and fantastic route connections in Newark."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Lansing via Chicago with United Airlines. Last year, I accidentally scheduled my flight home on Christmas eve night, instead of in the morning. I was very upset because that would have meant I would miss out on Christmas eve dinner and all our family Christmas eve traditions. I was so disappointed at my mistake, especially since I dont get to see my family very often. I called United, expecting them to only offer to sell me another ticket or charge me a large fee because that is my experience with most airlines. But to my surprise, the woman on the phone was very friendly and helpful and offered to change my flight, with no fees, to the morning so that I could make it home for our familys Christmas celebrations. I was so relieved! This past October I flew United to Europe and will continue to use them in the future and highly recommend them to others."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to San Francisco in First Class in a B747-400. United's new First Class seat is very comfortable, the TV screen is large and there are plenty of storage areas. The hard product is good but not top of its class. The service was friendly and efficient, but again compared to the world's best United came up short. To summarize: United First was a pleasant, but not exceptional, experience."
"I usually fly with Frontier, but booked a flight home on thanksgiving with United Airlines. My original route was Orlando to Houston for a 2 hour layover, then heading to Denver. My family was planning to hold thanksgiving dinner, since I wasnt expected to arrive in Denver until 5:30pm. When I got to the airport and casually stated this fact to the United crew, they put me on a flight that flew me directly to Denver from Orlando. I arrived at 1:30, and now get to surprise my family and enjoy thanksgiving together! So amazing! I will stay loyal to United Airlines."
"Los Angeles to San Francisco. Had a very pleasant flight with United Airlines. Even though we had a delay out of LAX because of weather at SFO. The delay ended up being 2 hours. For the first part of the trip we sat at the gate at LA, but eventually pushed back and sat out on the tarmac somewhere until we got clearance from San Francisco. Understandably some passengers were upset because of possible missed connections at SFO, but weather is what it is, and an airline can't help that. Some opted to disembark before we pushed back from the terminal. The pilot was very courteous and apologetic. You could tell he cared as he tried to work whatever magic he could to get us out as early as possible. He was even apologetic over the the way some of the ground crew was apparently dealing with customer concerns which he felt wasn't totally what it should have been. Some things he apparently overheard and apologized for. The cabin crew onboard the flight was pleasant as well (though I think it would have been cool if they had offered water, or peanuts or something as we sat waiting. Since we really didn't know how long it was going to be.) Still I felt the flight and cabin crew handled it as well as they could. And I got a great price (even with the upgrade, which at 6'3, the extra leg room was nice considering the predicament that ensued)."
"Verified Review | Business Class from San Francisco to Frankfurt on the upper deck of a United Airlines Boeing 747. Everything was perfect from the moment I arrived at the airport to landing. I had a pre-flight cup of coffee and a light breakfast of a muffin and juice in the United Club. Boarding was quick and efficient. I had plenty of storage space at my window seat with the side cabinets under the window. A pre-flight cocktail was followed by another shortly after take-off. My dinner of rib-eye steak was delicious, and the service was attentive and friendly. After dinner I turned my seat into a bed and got several hours of sleep. Breakfast was delicious."
"Verified Review | This is - surprise - a positive review of United flight (UA219), non-stop Chicago ORD to Honolulu. We thoroughly enjoyed this 9-hour flight. Granted, there's neither a meal service in economy nor seat back entertainment anywhere, but fairly good hot food and alcoholic beverages can be bought, and one can either read a book or do the puzzles in the \"Hemispheres\" magazine. The crew was pleasant and eager to please. Seats in the 2-5-2 seating configuration were quite comfortable, which we hope United maintains for this long flight. We both managed a few hours' sleep, so were quite rested on arrival and ready for our Hawaiian Airlines connection to the Big Island. We heartily recommend this stopover-free way to get to Hawaii from Chicago."
"Verified Review | Flew from Washington to Manchester via Newark. Much improved service since I last flew United Airlines internationally. Clean aircraft, good IFE, good service. The only down-side was the short, DCA-EWR trip. The incoming aircraft was 20 mins late, but then, ground staff did not appear to do anything to help speed things up. We then had to put cabin baggage in the hold, adding time to an already tight connection. We only just made the connection."
"Verified Review | Newark to Savannah with United Airlines. This flight followed on from a transatlantic flight with the same airline. After I arrived in the USA I had to collect a boarding pass and was rudely dealt with by the first United staff member I spoke to. The second was better with a sense of professionalism and courtesy too. I found the gate staff to be friendly and efficient and was warmly welcomed aboard the flight by cabin crew. I found the small aircraft to be comfortable and enjoyed a coffee served by the cabin crew, The captain was informative and the flight arrived on time. No complaints!"
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Singapore. New aircraft, attentive and friendly crew. Food was ok. I had very good rest throughout the flight. Apparently the aircraft was manned by crew from Continental Airline (now merged with United) and they have high service standard. Two meals and a snack was given, but passengers were welcomed to go to the galley for more. Passengers were advised not to congregate at the alley, but for such a long flight, it will be good to allow passengers to walk around, mingle with the crew (provided not disturbing their duties) and also mingle among the passengers themselves, to sit still throughout 16+ hours on own seat will be kinda tough. Will recommend this flight."
"Verified Review | United Airlines (UA131) from Dublin to Newark proved to be quite an experience. Dublin airport offers pre-clearance and as such I was attracted to the flight with United Airlines. First impressions count and I am afraid that I was not at all impressed with the gate staff  some of whom were in United uniforms and boarded the flight after their gate duties. Their rudeness towards an elderly couple was disgusting and simply ignorant. Boarding was done in groups. Some passengers did not have their groups shown on their tickets and the staff had an aloof manners towards those who simply asked for the process to be explained. One staff member was particularly rude and obnoxious and seemed to enjoy being so. The flight is operated using a Boeing 757. The aircraft is rather comfortable but compact. The safety procedures were taken seriously and a video shown. During this flight I had to contend with an malfunctioning inflight entertainment system. Only a few TVs worked and the sound / volume was not controllable. The journey map did not work properly as only the distances were displayed. The couple next to me gave up on their IFE as theirss did not work either. My arm rest was not working correctly either. The catering was good and drinks were served regularly during the flight. I was impressed with the captain who made clear announcements and was very professional and welcoming. The Captain made a point of saying farewell to departing passengers in person. I had to collect my second boarding pass in Newark and the first uniformed United staff member I spoke to was indifferent and made no effort to even speak to me but pointed me along the concourse. The second uniformed United staff member I spoke to get my boarding pass was actually very friendly and polite and informative too. I also had positive impressions of ground staff who operated the transfer bus between terminals and could not praise them enough for being helpful. The price I paid for the ticket was not the cheapest and I think in future I shall try a rival company."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow - Houston: Excellent check-in, completed in 5 minutes by very friendly staff member, including being told the great news that I would not have to pick-up my bags and re-check them for my connecting flight at IAH (which I was told is only done at IAH). Efficient boarding. Second United Airlines service of the day to IAH, so the flight was quite empty (ended up with all three seats in the middle section to myself). The 787 was still very new and presented a very clean and airy cabin, helped by the larger than normal windows and lack of passengers. Comfortable seat with an excellent headrest which folds to support your head, and stays in place. Extremely quiet in terms of cabin noise (engines). Food service was reasonable and wine and beer served for free (premium drinks charged US$7.99 to US$8.99). WiFi worked very well for the entire duration of the flight (US$20 for the duration). Under-seat power supply (2 outlets for 3 seats) and USB charging from the screen. Flight attendants were efficient and friendly. Constantly walked through the cabin with water. Very pleasant daytime flight. Houston - Sao Paulo: 100% full flight (the norm for Brazil - USA flights). Long delay at the gate with no explanation. Leather type seats which I am not a fan of as they seem to cause you to slip down when sleeping. Headrest folds but does not stay in place. 767 very noisy (probably more because of the fact that I just got off a 787). But a clean cabin and good service. Again a reasonable main meal, good service and flight attendants constantly passing through the cabin with water. Let down by breakfast, only a little sandwich (not great at 0900h after 10 hour in the air). Very good inflight entertainment on both flight with good video monitors and a good selection of movies and TV shows (with a great option of being able to watch the shows on your tablet). Overall good flights but I will be looking for 787 services next time on United."
"Verified Review | Houston to Sao Paulo with United Airlines. 100% full flight (the norm for Brazil to USA flights). Long delay at the gate with no explanation. Leather type seats which I am not a fan of as they seem to cause you to slip down when sleeping. Headrest folds but does not stay in place. 767 very noisy (probably more because of the fact that I just got off a 787). But a clean cabin and good service. A reasonable meal, good service and flight attendants constantly passing through the cabin with water. Let down by breakfast, only a little sandwich (not great at 0900h after 10 hours in the air)."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Houston with United Airlines. Excellent check-in, completed in 5 minutes by very friendly staff member, including being told the great news that I would not have to pick-up my bags and re-check them for my connecting flight at IAH (which I was told is only done at IAH). Efficient boarding. Second UA service of the day to IAH, so the flight was quite empty (ended up with all 3 seats in the middle section to myself). The 787 was still very new and presented a very clean and airy cabin, helped by the larger than normal windows and lack of passengers. Comfortable seat with an excellent headrest which folds to support your head, and stays in place! Extremely quiet in terms of cabin noise (engines). Food service was reasonable and wine and beer served for free (premium drinks charged US$7.99 to US$8.99). WiFi worked very well for the entire duration of the flight (US$20 for the duration of the flight). Under-seat power supply (2 outlets for 3 seats) and USB charging from the screen. Flight attendants were efficient and friendly. Constantly walked through the cabin with water. Very pleasant daytime flight."
"Verified Review | Newark to Tokyo Narita with United Airlines. Flew Business First. My seat and eventually flat bed was comfortable and relaxing. The food and drink service was non stop if one wished that. Of course being United, nothing is ever perfect. Just as we were taking off it was announced that the inflight wi-fi was not working. A collective groan went up from those, like me who had hoped to do some work on board."
"I flew with United from San Francisco to Singapore and I was very impressed by the service, the onboard entertainment, and the aircraft. There was ample amounts of legroom in my Economy seat, and I was impressed by the service that was provided by a professional flight crew. The food was good, and they provided many snacks as well during the 16 hour flight. After the flight, I felt refreshed and ready to start the day in Singapore. The United Dreamliner service was excellent, and I will for sure be flying with with this airline again to Singapore."
"Overall we were pleased with this short hop which took just under two hours. We flew 1st class out of Chicago to avoid long TSA lines and we breezed in. As we left Rochester on a Sunday, Economy was fine as we anticipated short lines for an easy check in. I cant really complain about anything. The service was fine, the flight was comfortable. We were 30 mins. Late leaving Rochester but besides that both ends were uneventful."
"El Paso to Boston via Houston with United Airlines. I've read the reviews for this airlines complaining of missed connections, late departure or arrival, rude personnel. We had no problems at all. Flights on time, four planes round trip. Cabin staff personnel were friendly, helpful. My only complaint is the distance we had to walk in the airports, but that's not the fault of the airline."
"London Heathrow to Tampa via Washington. This is the first time I have flown United for a number of years and was apprehensive after reading all the bad reviews. After four flights with the airline I was quite impressed and would fly them again. The Boeing 777-200s used are showing their age with one plane still having an ash tray in the toilet. Good selection of movies to watch on the seat back tvs though the screen size is on the small size. Food was rather poor but come to expect that, beer and wine is free on international flights and there were frequent runs for water, tea and coffee and a nice touch that ice cream was offered mid flight, and just before landing they give you a cold snack. Flight attendants worked well during the flight and kept the passengers well fed and watered. All flights departed on time and arrived at the destinations early, the IAD-LHR arrived 50 mins early being a 6.20am arrival meant an easy exit through border control, getting luggage and exiting the airport in 20 mins. Would fly United again if the price is good."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Birmingham (UK) via Newark. Very pleasantly surprised by how good our United Airlines flight was after reading many negative reviews. Flights both ways were on time, nice cabin with great leg room in premium economy. Entertainment system was great and we also enjoyed the food and complimentary beers/wine. Crew were very helpful, particularly as we travelled with 2 young children. Would definitely use United again next time we travel to the States."
"Calgary to Honolulu via Denver with Unted Airlines. We flew from Calgary to Denver on a CRJ-700. Service was very good and flight arrived on time. Aircraft was clean and seat was roomy. Bulkhead seats. 7A and B. We had a 3 hour layover in Denver and gave us time to explore the terminal building which we found very nice. Lots of eating establishments. Flight from Denver to Honolulu was very good. The flight attendants made numerous rounds for drinks and water. Originally we had booked seat 17A and B however the aircraft configuration was changed and we were seated in 20K and L. No problem as the middle seat was empty which gave us greater space. The flight was 95% + full. The crew were excellent and readily accommodated us and other passengers in a professional manner. I was most impressed when the Captain came to the front and gave us details concerning the light over the PA system. Very nice touch to the flight. Over all we were most impressed with United and will most certainly fly with them again"
"Boarding for both sectors was done early and by groups. Air traffic control delays at Bogota meant a 25 minute delay arriving into Houston. This flight was operated with a Boeing 737-700 and was packed. Cabin crew were ok if not somewhat lackadaisical. Perhaps it was the midnight departure. Announcements were barely audible. For inflight entertainment, this plane was equipped with DirectTV rather than the airline's far superior wifi delivered personal device entertainment. This meant having to pay to view the only 8 movies available - as the rest of DirectTV's content library is inaccessible outside the continental USA. Big Fail. The cabin was uncomfortably warm throughout the flight and coupled with the older seats, tight pitch and full load made it far less pleasant and also difficult to catch any shut eye. Strangely, a full meal is served on this sector at about 1.30am, which to be honest, wasn't bad. Made me wonder why our outbound to Panama from Newark of a similar duration and more appropriate departure time for a meal service, offered no complimentary catering. The crew did a few water runs until arrival in Houston. Transfer at Houston took longer than I expected owing to slow immigration clearance. However, I boarded the next flight with ample time to settle in. This aircraft was a Boeing 737-900ER with the newer seats, sky interior and wifi delivered entertainment. What a difference. It just felt more spacious. Seats were a bit more comfortable and legroom seemed to be better. Perception is everything I guess. The crew this time were sunnier, cheerful and seemed pleased to be onboard. Pushback was right on time and arrival 18 minutes early. Service consisted of the usual morning beverages and a stroopwaffel. A second round of coffees and a couple of water runs were done as well. All with a smile. This last flight was clearly the best of 3 I took with United over the last 10 days. Pity both the shorter international sectors I experienced were not quite up to scratch and felt more like domestic runs. One thing I find United has excelled at is it's mobile app. In terms of accessible information, actual usability and integrated entertainment - I think it exceeds the capabilities of most other airlines."
"Verified Review | Melbourne to Las Vegas via Los Angeles. All things considered, United offer a good business class service for this long-haul flight. Plane left on time and food served promptly after departure. Food quality was fairly good. Movies and IFE were also good. Service was prompt and attentive. Seat reclines flat and allows you to get a good sleep. In terms of full-blown, memorable personalised service, it probably is a little below the level of other airlines. Also, there's some cost cutting aspects which became apparent after a while. I asked for another bowl of nuts some way into the flight and was told \"We're out of nuts.\" I asked for a snack and was told that they put out sandwiches and snacks, but only at the half-way point of the journey. So it seemed that they have some limitations, presumably to ensure that the cost per passenger per flight doesn't exceed a certain amount. The seats were good an modern. Possibly not as overly comfortable as some other airlines, though I slept very well on the way back. Wifi was good, when it worked! I have to say that I was generally happy overall. For a business class traveler on business, it did exactly what it needed to do."
"Verified Review | Boston to Newark and Newark to London Heathrow. Only good experiences - both planes quite old but equipped with entertainment sets (short haul paid, long haul was free), with good variety of movies. Seats worn out but comfortable, enough legspace even for tall people. Food - nothing special, but acceptable. Most importantly - super quick and on time boarding, both planes took of on time and landed ahead of schedule. Last, but not least - super nice crew on both flights and in the ground. On top of all that - much cheaper than the competition. Recommended and will fly again."
"Newark to Panama City with United. We received a text from United as we arrived at Newark that the flight was delayed almost 3 hours due to late inbound aircraft as a result of weather and air traffic. I was concerned as it was clear now that we would not make our connection in Panama to Cartagena despite the 90 minute layover. Customer service at Newark reaffirmed the airline would not foot the bill for a hotel because of those reasons for delay. I had travel insurance so was not worried about that too much. Eventually took off and once onboard, crew were fine and reasonably friendly. They waived the DirectTV fee due to the delay. That was good except that once you're out of the Continental USA, your viewing selection is reduced to around 8 average movies you've probably already seen. No food except for a bag of pretzels, a couple of drinks and water runs for this 5 hour flight. New seats were fairly comfortable, sky interior, seat pitch was Ok, but cabin was hot for most of the flight. However, upon landing at Panama was very pleasantly surprised by the efficient ground staff who did in fact have hotel and meal vouchers, and our connecting flight for the next day, all ready and waiting. That was a huge plus. We did have to take our luggage out and recheck them the next morning for our onward trip on Copa."
"Verified Review | There must have been something in the water at the United Airlines employee canteen. Although I'm usually wary of United Airlines because of delays and cancellations, on the three flights I took on this day all were excellent. Well excellent considering it's 2016 and one has years of poor track records with some airlines. At check in Santo Domingo even the manager was checking people in, jovially and with professionalism. Flight departed and arrived on time. The flight Newark - Los Angeles a full flight, but the flight attendants were there with good, cheerful service, with water, beverages, even a decent hot meal for purchase that was better than expected. The leg room in economy plus was adequate in bulkhead seats - overall it gave me hope that United is trying to improve its service and on time performance. Baggage arrived in timely manner - dunno maybe there was something good in the water for passengers too - all flights were A-OK."
"Flights San Francisco to Osaka return were okay. The Boeing 787-8 is nice and the legroom was adequate. The food service was fine. I find that United Airlines is fairly good on the SFO-Pacific routes since there is very stiff competition from other airlines. The cabin crew was fine. Overall service was OK."
"Our overall experience traveling on United from Barcelona to Dulles was a positive one. The flight attendants tend to look very tired and worn out but pleasant. My one concern was leaving Barcelona. When I approached the service counter to check in, I gave the employee our confirmation number. He just sat there and stared at me. I asked, \"Did I give you the right information?\". He looked annoyed and asked for our passports. As we left the counter, I doubled checked my boarding passes and only had three. Mine was missing. There were four in our party. I returned to the counter and told the employee I only had three. He said, \"I printed four.\" Well, I only had three. He pulled up the info on the computer, went to click print and guess what? Only three came out again. And as before, my boarding pass was not one of them. If the printer, computer or staff member had made the mistake, they should up to it, instead of sternly telling that they had printed it. We went to our gate and waited for the boarding call. Never heard one. We noticed people lining up to board so we headed over. No one was sorted by loading zones so when we did board, there were passengers everywhere on the plane. United out of Barcelona was not the best experience and it seemed unorganized."
"Verified Review | I fly only a couple of times per year. Over the last 5 to 10 years, that has been split between Southwest and United. That's now tipping in favor of United. The big difference is boarding. On United, even if I board the plane last, the seat that I chose online is waiting for me. On both airlines the overhead bins are a problem. But, that is not the airlines, it is the inconsiderate passengers, who drag over-sized bags, or too many bags onto the plane. The cabin crew remains helpful and courteous. How long would you last dealing with what you see on airplanes these days? I left a Samsung tablet in the seat packet. I figured that was gone. But no, the clean-up crew found it, and they called my cell phone: \"We have your tablet\". That says a lot. I am flying United, whenever I can."
"Verified Review | Service was fine and everything went as planned flying United Airlines from Dallas Fort Worth to Newark. Its a 3 hour flight and prior to boarding the gate agent reminded everyone to download the app before heading on board. Terminal has free wifi so it was slow to download but achievable, Once you have the app you could use the in-flight entertainment on your BYOD for free. There was movies and TV shows, limited choice but enough to fill the 3 hours in. Cabin crew were friendly with 2 drink services and one pre packet cookie. Like always flight was full and they asked for volunteers to check baggage first before stopping others. Gate agent was friendly and was given a exit row window seat. Nice bonus really. Baggage re claim was okay considering all the incoming flights."
"Verified Review | The United Airlines flight from Nashville to Houston was delayed almost 40 minutes due to a mechanical issue. My connection in Houston originally was about 50 minutes. I barely made my connection for my flight to Los Angeles so did not expect my luggage to be on my flight. I was amazed that my luggage was transferred so quickly. I would recommend no reclining seats. Passengers may not realize how confined the passengers behind are when they reduce the already small space by reclining. Maybe an announcement could be made to be courteous to fellow passengers."
"Verified Review | I actually am very happy with UA. I bought roundtrip tickets non-stop in July, for $199 from NYC to Austin and back. The flight there was on-time, offered in-flight movies and shows and internet access for additional cost. I couldn't get the movies to work on my laptop, but after downloading their UA app it worked fine on my android. The flight had 2 complimentary drinks, ranging from water to random juices, and a little snack. You could buy additional drinks and food if you wanted, all prices were transparent and pretty fair. The main reason why I'm writing this review is because of my flight back. I ended up being on-time but because of the TSA check point I missed my flight. The flight left exactly when it had to, and it was my fault for not arriving earlier. I called the UA phone, the lady found me a connecting flight through houston to NYC the following day. Free of charge, not the best option, but I'll take it. I ended up stopping by the front-desk so to speak of the UA before leaving the airport just to double-check. They lady at the desk found me a connecting flight that leaves in 20mins time, and because i'm a tall guy (6'4\") she even gave me isle seats! I ended up getting an economy plus isle seat to houston and a normal economy isle seat to NYC, which was sold out and overbooked, but I still got on. Anyway, I'm very happy. No charge, next-flight out, I ended up getting back home a day earlier than I technically should've, because of nice customer service! The flight was great, amenities were great, and the price! $199 roundtrip, you can't beat that!"
"Verified Review | Houston, TX to Santiago, Chile. Check-in was a easy. Boarding no problem. Upon boarding I was greeted and asked if I wanted my coat hung. As soon as I sat down in seat 2A I was offered a beverage. Inflight service and food were great. Dinner was a Turbot with 2 prawns in a lobster sauce with lentils. I never order fish on a plane and this dinner was delicious. Cocktails and Wine were served in stem glasses,. Pillow was comfy but the duvet was just ok. The purser and flight attendant were on their game the entire flight. I flew in Business from Vancouver to Houston to connect to this flight. The flight to Houston was horrible. I was in 3A on an A320. No entertainment system or cabin screens. No pillow and the blanket was like a kleenex. And this was a 4 hour flight. Food horrible but the service was good. I will never fly United within the USA."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Washington. Terminal 7 at LAX in the early morning, welcomed by the gound staff with a friendly smile at the premier access desk. The cabin of the B777 was nothing special. The IFE screen was an appropriate size, the system offered more than fifteen languages, and selection of movies was good. Likewise, the breakfast was a good quality and they provided chocolate chip cookie before we landed in Washington D.C. The crew did its utmost to meet passengers needs. The one big letdown is the coffee: Even on a four hours+ flight, only regular coffee available in the premium cabin."
"Verified Review | Newark to Las Vegas with United Airlines. Check in was a bit awkward as they have self-checkin terminals even for First Class. We needed assistance as I wanted to change my FF card and this took some time as not all agents seem to know what to do. Boarding was on-time. Seats absolutely OK with fine recline and space. Plane was full in First and Coach. Due to some issues with baggage flight was boarded but delayed by nearly 1 hour. Captain updated us frequently on the procedure which was very much appreciated. Crew over all very friendly and attentive. My expectations on food were low reading all the bad reviews about United - but I was positively surprised. We got salmon and this was absolutely fine. On my next trip to US I will for sure fly United again - and invest the extra money for First as this might be the difference."
"Miami to Newark. Very full flight but the crew working this flight was exceptional in that they were proactive with helping with hand carry stowage, smiling and genuinely friendly as far as I could see for the duration of the flight. Standard beverage service with the tiny bag of snacks and a water run prior to landing. Economy cabin with the sky interior, the new leather slimline seats, power outlets and free Wifi entertainment. Seats looked smart but begin to feel hard after 2 hours. I think it'd be a pain going trans con in this. Entertainment was ok with a good enough selection for a 2:20 flight duration. I accessed thru the United app on my phone. Having free entertainment is the way to go. After all the nickel and diming for everything else. A good crew here made all the difference. More snacks like on JetBlue would have made it even better."
"Verified Review | Washington to Barcelona with United. It is generally true for United that things were better in pre-Continental merger but it all ain't that bad either. I have flown the B767-400ER and B777 on several transatlantic routes this summer in both classes. I was surprised at how much more comfortable the B764 was as compared to the B777. The B777 felt packed (3-3-3 configuration in coach and awkward backward facing seats in business), while the B764 felt very spacious, clean and modern (2-3-2 in coach and 2-1-2 in business, all forward facing and not too many seats, so quieter). There were also no bothersome IFE equipment boxes under the window seats in coach. I would recommend searching routes that operate the B764 over the B777 - I really believe it is superior in terms of cabin layout and passenger comfort. BusinessFirst very comfortable flat bed seats (I am 179cm). Food quality ok, the main course was very good (beef with steamed vegetables) as well as the cheese and desert (nice detail they cut the cheese at your seat, so it feels fresh). The starter salad was very uncreative and plain bad actually, and no olive oil option as a dressing. But OK, it's an US airline so just don't expect any proper food to come out of that. Food in coach was also good with 3 separate serving rounds for appetiser, meal and desert+coffee. Great idea to hand out water bottles before the sleeping phase of the flight. Next time I will opt for the express dining option in business, as the full dining service takes so much time that you have little left for sleeping. Some people argue the seat configuration in business should be 1-2-1 rather than 2-1-2, but I disagree, while 1-2-1 is perfect for solo business travelers as everyone has isle access, I feel that when traveling with my partner (or any other person) I want to sit together by the window, so 2-1-2 does make sense to me. The business experience in United may not be up to the standards of European and Asian carriers, but (at least on my flights) you also pay less, so I think it offers great value for money. Would fly in United BusinessFirst again, but preferably on the B764."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to San Francisco return. A mixed bag like all big American carriers. Boeing 747 on outbound flight was worn and outdated without ptv (it's 2016!). You can connect via wifi to the UA-app to view movies, but this app doesn't work on Android tablets (fix it UA!), so you have to use your phonescreen. App wasn't working at all the first hour. Legroom bad, food and drinks okay and adequate, American crew very informal. They didn't even bother about the uniforms, because a woman whom I thought was a passenger turned out to be a flight attendant. Inbound flight in Boeing 777 with ptv which also didn't work for the first hour. Promised wifi didn't work at all. Mainly UK based rather cold crew. Food and drinks again okay. Both flights punctual. All in all: UA is certainly not on par with Asian and Middle Eastern airlines - no amenities kit in economy for example- so I would avoid if you have a choice."
"Travelled from London to Chicago on the morning of 17th August (UA928) with my recently widowed daughter, and her 7 month old baby, to visit another daughter. The staff on board were excellent and very helpful, but just after I left the plane we discovered I had left our jackets on the plane. A member of staff said go back in and get them, but I was met at the door by the rudest person, \"don't put one foot in here\" she said - so, so rude, I think she was the head hostess. I find people are nice or they are not, there was no need for such rudeness."
"Verified Review | Flew from Los Angeles to Honolulu on a family vacation. Boarding was surprisingly quick for such a large plane. The staff that greeted us were very polite and pointed us towards our seats. The plane did not have any monitors but was fittied with wifi. Only issue with the wifi is that it doesn't work over the pacific so doesn't matter. This isn't United's fault but with the wifi provider. There was no food offered on this flight but got the stroopwafel and drinks. I love the waffel so I didn't complain and asked for one more. We were also given a blanket which was nice because the plane did get a bit chilly as our flight was early morning. Once, we took off the flight was bump free and smooth as it got. I have been on many flights and have done this flight numerous times with many airlines. This flight had to be the smoothest I have been on. Overall the only thing I wish they had was actual food on the flight and working wifi but the latter cant be blamed on United. Hawiian Airlines does offer food from LA to HNL so I wish that was offered. Other than that United has been trying hard to please their customers and I think they are headed in the right direction."
"Flew from Washington Dulles to Narita. United Business/First is fine as far as it goes. Service was attentive, food (I ordered the delicious Japanese selection) was ample, well presented and tasty. There were plenty of choices of things to watch, many of them unusual and interesting. Although there was not a lot of attention between meal services, there were always staff walking around. Water was given out from time to time. In other words, a perfectly adequate experience, but not stellar by any standard. The 8-across configuration is so yesterday. There is virtually no privacy and the seats. though comfortable are not generously sized at all. United Business/First is just not up to the standards set by most non-American carriers."
"Verified Review | A domestic flight from Memphis to Chicago with United Airlines in Economy class. The aircraft was quite clean and also quite comfortable too. The attendants was polite and efficient and offered soft drinks, juice and water for free, which was well appreciated when it was over 30C outside. An ok medium range domestic flight."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Chicago, got to the airport, went to Premier Access to check my bags and didn't need to wait in any line. For some reason, I was not assigned TSA PRE on this flight even though I am Global Entry, but I was accomodated in the First Class/Premier Access line (Atlanta doesn't have an official United Premier line. United Club was nice and cozy. It is much newer than other United lounge. Boarding process smooth, I showed up just as the last First Class/Group 1 passengers were boarding so I walked right in. Plane was new and modern. Seats were extremely spacious, food was good, and the DirectTV displays were free in United First. Overall, great experience."
"Verified Review | San Pedro Sula to Denver via Houston. Having other negative experiences with United, I was generally satisfied with this trip. This was the cheapest option for my trip, and had the best connection times. On the way down to Honduras, there was no issues except that the personal in-flight entertainment wasn't working for some of the flight down to Houston, which wasn't a big deal because I brought myself plenty of things to do. Both the flights from Denver and Houston left on time, and the flight from Denver arrived a little early. Coming back wasn't quite as smooth. I checked in online and printed boarding passes from the hotel's computer rather than doing it at the airport. However, the airport staff in San Pedro Sula wanted the version printed from the airport (not United's fault). What my biggest gripe is that once I get to the ticket counter, I am rudely told that since I already have a boarding pass, they can't print me another one. Luckily, I was able to eventually get to the secure part of the airport. Then when I am trying to board, the ground service rejects the boarding pass which I printed off of the United website, and almost wouldn't let me board. After a few minutes of verification, they finally let me board, but first give me a lecture about \"not having a boarding pass\". Overall, all the flights were fine. The cabin crew were all very friendly, and since I have the United App, I could access the personal entertainment, which had a good selection of movies. They offered drinks, and the service was done very quickly. The legroom was a little tight, but the seats themselves were comfortable and the airplane was clean. With the exception of ground service in San Pedro Sula, I was satisfied with the airline. I may consider using them in the future."
"Verified Review | Flew round-trip between Los Angeles and London Heathrow on United Airlines. Check-in was smooth via self-serve kiosks in L.A. and London. Security screening was efficient in both airports as well. Food was excellent. On-board Wi-fi helped me stay connected with loved ones. The power outlet on B777-200 is located underneath the seat and is a bit awkward to reach. Having tried power outlets on multiple airlines, they tend to be unreliable (ie, sometimes there is no power coming through the outlet). On the flight from L.A. to London, there was an incident where water was dripping from the ceiling and passengers were very concerned. The issue was resolved without any impact on flight schedule."
"Reno to Philadelphia via Los Angeles and Chicago, returning from Philadelphia to Reno via Chicago. We seem to have good luck with United and this trip did not disappoint. All legs of this trip were on time with maybe a 15 minute delay on one of the flights. Everything pretty much went like clockwork. The ground crew were pleasant, flight staff had smiles, looked well dressed and made for an enjoyable flight. We had a tight connection coming home via Denver and were the last to board but everything worked out fine. It was nice to see the flight attendants hand out little airline wings to the kids on the plane. Our luggage was at our destinations both going and coming so no complaints there. We did purchase snack boxes and a breakfast bowl on the way home and they were both rather tasty and reasonably priced. All in all United did a fine job and I may be just one of the lucky ones, but seldom if ever do we have any issues flying this airline."
"Verified Review | Very good airline. Changed from Aer Lingus to United as my main Dublin to US airline because of a couple of mess ups in my seats the last few times travelling with them. This trip was the first time me flying business with United. Had no issues very well treated on the flight, had lie-down beds so I slept for 4 hours of the 7-hour flight the other 3 hours were usually having a lovely 5-course meal provided. The amenities in business were fantastic too. Boarding was very quick it was not a hugely busy flight business class had about 9/16 seats taken. The only thing I dislike is they did not offer free wifi to their business customers! Overall they're my new favourite airline to fly with."
"Flew from Indianapolis - Chicago as a codeshare of Air Canada. Since this is a short flight, there is nothing much to be said. The flight was very punctual. There was neither beverages nor food on board. Although the airplane was said to provide free entertainment through its wifi network, I did not try it because I did not download the United App."
"Washington to San Diego. My last experience on United Airlines domestic flight was plesant. From booking to online check-in process, baggage drop off at the airport, boarding process - everything went perfect. United Airlines Premium Economy product is quite good and the additional legroom is very good. Overall staff experience was good!"
"Verified Review | Flew United from Shreveport to Orange County via Houston. Flight from SHV to IAH on ERJ-135 was overbooked. They asked for a volunteer to give up seat. First offer was for $500, but no one took it. When United raised the offer to $600, I volunteered to give up my seat. After a few minutes of processing my request, United told me that I wouldn't have to give up my seat, but they upgraded me to Premium Economy for my next segment on Airbus 319 from Houston to Orange County. The extra leg room in Premium Economy was a welcome addition to my journey. Unfortunately, one of the bathrooms in A319 wasn't working, so Premium Economy passengers were allowed to use the bathroom for 1st class passengers."
"Verified Review | I have flown United once before and swore never again, however I had heard they had improved so gave them another go flying from Newark to Birmingham, UK. I was pleasantly surprised the check in staff were helpful and we just sailed through. Yes we were delayed but what could United do about a thunderstorm. Communication about gate changes and the delay could have been much better, but once we boarded the plane the staff were fantastic. The only thing that let down the whole experience was the food at Newark International Airport. It is disgusting and this is from someone who will eat anything and not complain. We had heard it was bad but did not believe it, believe everything you hear and eat before you arrive. The only saving grace is that there is a Starbucks, which is about the worst I have been to all over the world, but better than anything else we found in the six hours we spent at this airport."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Sao Paulo. I fly United a lot, because I live in Chicago and have the opportunity to collect miles and other benefits. Generally, I've been satisfied with this arrangement. I'm not unrealistic about United - you definitely don't get the small luxuries that Asian and some European airlines provide, but United generally provides competent, reliable service, and most staff members are reasonably friendly. Recent flights to and from GRU were par for the course. The flights were on time. Staff were efficient. The economy plus seats were fine. The small screens on the 767s are pretty bad, but I understand why it might not be worth updating them. I don't eat meat and have learned that \"Asian vegetarian\" tends to be better quality than regular vegetarian. The \"Asian vegetarian\" suppers were reasonable in both directions, although there was nothing at all Asian about the GRU to ORD supper (soy burgers plus rice and vegetables). The ORD to GRU supper was quite good and (except maybe for the curried tofu) quite South Asian. It even came with plain yogurt. However, United should be embarrassed by the breakfasts (in both directions), which consisted entirely of a stale roll and a tiny package of jam. People who didn't request a special meal got a croissant and a sweetened yogurt, which would have been just as \"Asian vegetarian\" as what I did get. My seatmate who (unlike me) is actually South Asian was just furious. This is the sort of thing that undermines United's improving reputation. Asian and most European airlines are much more generous about breakfasts and usually provide vegetarians (and everyone else) with a full meal. Let me add that I complained about the breakfast on the GRU to ORD flight to an FA as gently as I could, and she very nicely supplied me with a regular breakfast. I urged my seatmate to do the same, and he just got angrier. I appreciated the reasonable-quality wine that United is now distributing for free in economy."
"Originally supposed to fly Spirit. Flight cancelled and they will not get me on another one to Houston for two days. I must get home to take care of my 90 year old mother. After cancellation at 9.30 pm, I went to United window and a wonderful lady at the counter was so helpful. The bottom line is I was able to get home, leaving that night. The staff member went to the gate to make sure things went smoothly since there was a lot involved in her getting this to work - the crew on the incoming flight had to approve going onward if we were to leave Minneapolis."
"Washington IAD to San Francisco and then 4 days later from San Francisco to Paris CDG with United. Both long flights, I was in economy, both times with priority boarding and in a window or aisle seat, which is important to me. I get priority with my Chase United credit card, I bought a package that included Premiere Access to check in with priority boarding for the flight to Paris, and I was glad I did, because I thereby avoided the mob of people at SFO waiting for access to the check in machines. Both of my seats were quite comfortable, I did not feel cramped. I am just under 6 feet tall and quite thin. I bought access to back of the seat entertainment on the IAD to SFO flight in advance at a slight discount, it was free on the Paris flight. I did not buy any food on the domestic US flight, but United has started handing out tiny little bags of savory snacks on their US flights, which is quite new. The food on the Paris flight was not a gourmet treat by any means, but it was OK. There was free wine or beer on that flight too, another new thing. Both of the flights departed and arrived on time, and delivered my luggage at my destination. Flight attendants were pleasant. So not a luxurious experience but an efficient one that did what I paid them to do. I think people tend to write reviews when they are infuriated by a terrible experience or delighted by a superlative one. So I thought I would even things out a bit by a review of United that says \"it was fine\"."
"Quick and easy check in procedure at Geneva Airport. United boards from the C-pier via busses to the apron (our 767 and the IAD plane, were parked at the opposite end of the terminal, as there is construction here to build a new international long haul pier). Flight was maybe 25% full so a real treat to board an empty plane. United has done a nice job of updating these 767's that sports the 2 class cabin. It was clean and tidy, if standard United look and feel. Cabin crew were very pleasant on this empty flight. Departure was right on time. Good selection of films to pass the 8 hour + journey. Smooth flight. Flight deck kept us informed of progress. Food was very basic and not much of it. Mid flight ice cream and a pre-landing hot sandwich. WIFI did not work at all. Immigration, baggage claim, and onto Manhattan in 20 minutes after deplaning. Would have preferred the later Swiss flight to JFK on the A330-300 but this was a great alternative not just because it was empty, but because it was on time and early departure. United still have a long way to up their game but progress is slowly showing."
"I was pleasantly surprised all in all with both flights on United this day. The flight to Chicago from Raleigh was fine, nice plane I have to admit. I liked having only one person next to me. The weather was not the best due to summer thunderstorms but we managed to go around them which was nice. Plane was clean and had a good crew. We arrived a few minutes late but that was fine. My next flight was on a B-900 and all went well until we got all in our seats and buckled up, the pilot came on and announced there was a fuel leak on number two engine. Well, we sat there for just over an hour and finally and off we went. Had an all male attendant crew, first time I have seen that. I was in coach, on the aisle which was not fun but oh well. I purchased food which was pretty decent I must admit. Plane was clean and the crew did a good job of taking care of us. The pilot came back prior to takeoff and met with us and answered questions, that was a smart move. All in all the flight, the crew etc was fine. United did a solid job."
"Flew from Los Angeles to Honolulu on a Boeing 777-200 with United Airlines. Check-in was quick and smooth and boarded on time. The plane was quite old with no personal TV screens, but had wifi which was at times slow and you could use the United app on your phone to watch their selection of movies and TV shows. The seats were surprisingly comfortable. Crew were Honolulu based and seemed fine but they could've been better. The only complementary beverages on this morning flight was a caramel-filled waffle, cookies and drinks, everything else you have to pay for so make sure you eat at the terminal or lounge before the flight. Felt more like a budget airline. Plane was completely full as the flight continued to Guam. Overall, the flight was alright but could've been better. Next time, I'll probably choose the 737 or 757 flight later in the day."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Los Angeles. Check in by machine but assistance was good. United Airlines Lounge in SFO very pleasant and new, bar staff smiling. On board there were significant delays and in First Class drinks were served on the ground with a smile as well. Snacks only on this short flight. Felt that the crew did all that they could to keep passengers happy during the weather related delay. Flight was late and bags took a while to be delivered, the terminal is a mess at the moment at LAX due to refurbishment. Very pleasant overall."
"Verified Review | Flew 3 sectors with United Airlines: Los Angeles - Salt Lake City, Salt Lake City - Los Angeles via San Francisco. More than pleasantly surprised. All full flights but every part of the journey was efficiently managed. Flights left on time and arrived on time. Friendly service. Planes were well maintained and very clean. Expensive but delivered what I wanted."
"Omaha to Tampa via Chicago with United. Great service, on time departures and early arrivals. Crew was nice, plane clean, leg room was good, free snacks, whole can of soda without asking, all in all, very good. Will fly with United again! The inflight entertainment was good. If your plane doesn't have TV's, you can get the United App and watch movies and TV on your device for free. United WiFi good and in just about all their planes!"
"UA6 (Narita - Houston, 772 / Boeing 777-200) and UA1461 (Houston - San Salvador, 738 / Boeing 737-800) on 12 Jun 2016. Having read many negative reviews and horror stories of United Airlines, I went in with lowered expectations. The flights overall turned out okay, even though it was eventful and I did encounter problems like flight diversion and flight and baggage delays. First, UA6. The personal screen on the 772 was touchscreen and not very big. The touchscreen was not sensitive, and the system was not very user-friendly. That said, they have a decent repertoire of entertainment, even though they may not always be the latest (e.g. movies). The food turned out better than I expected, but this assumes you made the right choices (on my return flight, to be separately reviewed, I made the wrong choices). First meal (dinner) was chicken with rice, second meal (breakfast) was chicken and egg with rice, Japanese style. Both were actually good. Ice cream (vanilla) was served after the first meal, and in between the 12-hour flight they served drinks and also a burger. However, only the salad was horrible - edamame beans should not be served as a salad. Service was decent too - remember, if you are nice to the flight attendant (e.g. you are polite to them), they will also be nice to you. Seat was reasonably comfortable too. Unfortunately for this flight, bad weather at Houston caused us to divert to Austin, where we waited on the tarmac to refuel, and some snacks were distributed while waiting. This caused us to land at Houston eventually 3 hours late - and we thought we missed our connecting flight. Next, UA1461. We thought we would miss this flight, which was due to depart almost 3 hours after UA6 was supposed to land (If it was on time) at Houston. However this flight was also delayed, so we managed to rush on despite arriving late and being caught in security checks and waiting for baggage which did not arrive on the belt. Not the airline's fault, but do check with Houston airport staff if your baggage needs to be collected at the luggage belt at Houston to be re-checked, because ours didn't need to be but we did not know. This flight was on a newer 738, but no in-flight entertainment. Snacks (a small pack of zesty snack mix) and drinks were served, but you could buy meals (e.g. sandwiches, pasta, salad) if you wish. I bought a pasta, which was reasonable (a tad pricey, but I could live with it). Flight was delayed presumably by bad weather at Houston, but also because they were slow with loading the luggage (I could see from my window they were still loading the luggage even past the departure time). In the end, unfortunately my luggage did not make it from my delayed UA6 to my delayed UA1461, and I had to proceed to their airport staff at San Salvador airport to lodge a case. I have to give them credit for being rather efficient in locating my luggage, putting it on the next flight that night, and delivering it to me the next day by noon - this whole process could have gone much worse, so I am glad it was well-handled. Overall, UA did not turn out as bad as I had expected it to be for my first time, even though I did experience my first diversion and delayed luggage, despite having flown regularly for many years with other airlines."
"UA1541 (Tegucigalpa - Houston, 737 / Boeing 737-700), UA1699 (Houston - San Francisco, 789 / Boeing 787-900), and UA1 (San Francisco - Singapore, 789) on 17 Jun 2016. First, UA1541. Surprised to see that there was a personal screen, but it was with DirecTV and pre-recorded movies, and not available free of charge. However, in the end movies were made available free of charge, presumably due to slight delays on the ground at the start of the flight. Snacks (a small pack of zesty snack mix) and drinks were served, but you could buy meals (e.g. sandwiches, pasta, salad) if you wish. I bought a wrap, which was reasonable (a tad pricey, but I could live with it). I had wanted the sandwich but it was out of stock. Next, UA1699. In-flight entertainment was miles ahead since it was newer, though I notice the selection was less compared to my next sector which was a 16-hour international flight. Food was available for purchase, though the usual snacks and drinks were available free-of-charge. I did not buy anything, and survived on a zesty snack pack with Sprite. My seat was supposed to be window seat, but the window was misaligned so I had to lean forward to gaze outside. It was great to have no one sitting next to me in the middle, which enhanced the amount of space available considering that the Dreamliner in 3-3-3 seating is known to be rather cramped. Finally, UA1, newly launched earlier this month. I had expected it to be very painful to fly 16 hours on a cramped 787. It turned out to be uncomfortable but still bearable. Managed to get some light sleep, managed to be sufficiently entertained too. What failed me was the food. The first meal (dinner), I made the wrong choice and had a (vegetarian, but you dont know until you get it) pasta with just spinach, cheese and tomato sauce. Salad was as usual horrible. Luckily the ice-cream saved the day. In between I missed the turkey ham roll as I was asleep, but it was available at the back of the plane for self-service. That was helpful to stave off hunger pangs. The second meal (breakfast) was literally the worst in-flight meal I ever had. I did not have a choice as they had run out of the eggs, so there was only a (vegetarian again) noodle in some funky weird black sauce, with weird tasting mushroom, edamame (horrible again) and red pepper. Absolute disaster, so bad that my neighbour and I did not finish the food. Without the bun and butter I would have starved. Seat comfort-wise, legroom and width was okay though my friend who was a bit bigger sized and seated at the aisle could feel a significant narrower seat width compared to the other flights - his shoulders were up against the neighbour in the middle seat. Overall, service and food on board seemed to be not as good as my outbound flights from NRT to SAL via IAH, though the in-flight entertainment was better on the newer Dreamliner."
"Flew Los Angeles to Newark with United Airlines. Check in and Security at LAX took about 20 minutes. When we boarded the plane, the jet bridge was fairly empty, and we walked onto the plane very quickly. When we got onto the jet, the cabin crew were nice and welcoming. The aisles on the plane were fairly crowded, but it took a short amount of time to get to our seats in the back of the plane. When we sat down, the seat was pretty comfortable. However, the seat cushion moved a little bit, because of the life vest underneath, but it was barely noticeable. The takeoff was pretty smooth, and after a few minutes we were at cruising altitude. The first drink/snack service came out about 1 hour into the flight. After the snack, I turned on the inflight entertainment system. There were a handful of movies to watch on the system and there were games you could play with other passengers on the flight. After the second snack service came out, we were approaching EWR. The landing was very smooth, and we were at the gate 5 minutes after landing."
"Verified Review | On all legs of flight, Atlanta to Chicago to Hong Kong and finally Singapore, flying business class, we had nothing short of a very good experience/trip. The attendants were wonderful and accomodating, the food was satisfactory, plane was clean, restrooms very well maintained and Flat bed comfortable enough to sleep well with headphones on to reduce plane noises. We were prepared to be disappointed because it was not our first choice and cheaper than other similar airlines offering. I will post again after our return to the US to report if the return was as good as the outgoing."
"Montreal to Mexico via Newark. I was not looking forward to flying United Airlines but was positively surprised in many aspects. The flight out of Montreal departed on time. The small Embraer was in very good condition and the short service and snacks was enough for this short flight. Connecting through EWR from Canada is not an issue as immigration is pre-cleared, so I headed directly to the lounge. The food offerings are not that great and the lounge is crowded, but drink variety is good, lounge is clean and service very good. I have mixed feeling for the second leg of the trip: the plane was not very new, but it was clean and well maintained. Cabin crew were very friendly and nice; the purser even found out my birthday had been the day before and she said congratulations. Food portions were small, but the selection was well balanced. However, once the service was over, FAs retreated to the galley, I do not know if they did any drink rounds as I fell asleep for quite a bit. Air Canada does offer a far superior business class product on similar length flights in terms of food; service was more friendly on UA. IFE was the Direct TV product I was not familar with and I did not like that much. Pilots kept passengers informed continuously. Overall it was a nice flight and the price was amazingly cheap."
"Washington to Denver. My fiance and myself were late to boarding because the parking lot driver told us he was going to the correct terminal and did not so, we were late to board. An extremely nice United Airlines employee helped us switch our flight and we only had to wait an hour! Extremely thankful for her help!"
"Los Angeles to London Heathrow with United. It took us about 25 minutes to check in and go through security. When we got to the gate area, we went to the United Lounge. The construction at LAX was going on, and the United Lounge was flooding so we had to go to the United Business/First Class Lounge instead. The Lounge was extremely overcrowded, and we had to wait 10 minutes just to get a seat. When we got to the gate, we boarded in 10 minutes. The plane was a 777-200, and it had comfortable seats. They served dinner after take-off. UA have the most amazing entertainment system. I slept until after breakfast, and when I woke up there was my breakfast on my tray however, the smell of the breakfast was repulsive, and I did not eat it. When we approached and circled around London, the captain flew around the city pointing landmarks out. When we landed, it took about 5 minutes to get off the plane."
"Los Angeles to Newark with United. This flight was pretty good. When we got to LAX it took about 3 minutes to check in. The boarding took about 5 minutes and we were on the plane in no time. When we were in the air there were about 3 drink services on the whole flight. The entertainment screen had a lot of movies and TV shows. There was a normal amount of legroom. The only bad thing was that there was not much room to get out of the row to walk around the cabin. The seat cushion was loose and it moved around a lot."
"Verified Review | Belfast to Newark return with United Airlines - it was great to be able to fly to direct. The flight departed on time and the service, both on the ground and inflight was attentive, unobtrusive and professional. The food was fantastic, with plenty of options. Entertainment was plentiful and kept us more than occupied for the duration of the flight. The seat was comfortable and the ability to lie flat was a real bonus on the inbound overnight flight. I would definitely recommend United BusinessFirst."
"Verified Review | Houston to Philadelphia with United. I will be swimming against the tide it seems to praise United, but I certainly intend to do that. Prior to boarding the flight in IAH a colleague fell ill. We advised the customer service centre of this and they immediately arranged for a paramedic. We spent some time in a local hospital and following discharge United rerouted us directly to our destination (previously we were flying via DEN) and provided upgraded Economy Plus boarding passes. All for no additional charge. When it came to the crunch they were fantastic. That's customer service."
"Verified Review | UA3345, Chicago - Washington on an E-175. Operated for United Airlines by Republic Airlines. This was the last leg of a nearly one-month trip that took me from PHL-DOH-KWI-DOH-PVG-DOH-KWI-DOH-LAX-YVR-ORD and now home to Washington. Of course, only on an American carrier do I find myself being spoken rudely to by member of the cabin crew. After boarding and taking my seat 2A (single seat by the window), I went to use the forward lavatory. The cockpit door was wide open with the captain, a young woman, sitting sideways in her seat. I greeted her and we started chatting. She was very interested to hear of several recent flights Id had on the new A350 operated by QR. The FA in the first galley, interrupted me to say, excuse me sir, you are in my space. I replied, Im speaking with the captain and moved slightly closer to the lavatory door. The captain and I chatted for a few more moments, then I went into the lavatory. Before the lavatory door was even shut, I heard the FA staying loudly to the captain, Im sorry, he just started talking to you. I came out of the lavatory and said, What is it that you are sorry for? I can speak to the captain before the door is closed and we push back from the gate. She was quite happy to have a conversation with me. The FA said nothing. I went to my seat. The FA then came to ask me if I wanted something to drink pre-departure. I told her that it was rude of her to say what she said to the captain in a loud voice and that she could, at the least, have said once I was out of earshot. Before I had even finished speaking she just walked away from me. She came back to my seat and I asked her, do you always just walk away while a passenger is speaking to you. She mumbled something which wasnt anything close to an apology. Unacceptably rude behavior and bad attitude toward a premium passenger in a first class cabin. Not such a nice ending to a long multi-segment trip."
"United Airlines was outstanding on my recent trip from Boston to London. I was originally booked to fly from Boston to London via Washington-Dulles airport but around 8 hours before departure, I received a notification that the flight from Boston to DC had been canceled. I called United and got through to a friendly agent who confirmed that I had already been rebooked onto a new itinerary via Newark that would get me to London only 3 hours later than originally planned. She booked me into an economy plus seat as I am a silver member and apologized for the cancelation. The check-in process had a couple minor problems at Boston as the self-service machine would not print a bag tag for me but an agent quickly assisted me at the counter. Boarding process was efficient -the new automatic ticket scanning gates at terminal B in Boston definitely speed up the process. I gate-checked one of my carry ons because it was too large to fit in the overhead bin. Onboard the short flight from BOS to EWR, there was personal device entertainment, which was a pleasant surprise as this was on a very small EMB-170 aircraft, which usually has no entertainment. Onboard service was minimal on this 45 minute flight and only water was offered. Nevertheless it was a comfortable flight. There was one small hiccup in the trip on arrival at Newark airport when I had to wait around 10 minutes to get my carry on back from gate check but I retrieved it in the end and everything went well with the connection. The long flight from Newark to London was very good with courteous and attentive flight attendants. Dinner was served promptly after take-off and the food was decent by airline standards. The only disappointment was that there was no dessert except for a small pot of sorbet which had a strange taste, and water was strangely only provided after the meal instead of before. Entertainment options were plentiful with personal device entertainment or seat back on demand with a varied selection. Seats were comfortable when reclined and there was plenty of leg room in economy plus. Upon arrival in London, the baggage claim process was very efficient and the bags were already on the belt by the time I got through customs. Overall, a seamless, comfortable and relaxed trip with United. In the past, I have had trouble with United but they are quickly learning from their mistakes and improving greatly. I will definitely continue flying with them in the future."
"As a regular flier on United's international routes, I have found service in the last year have improved. I am always in the premium economy section (only gives one more legroom unlike other airlines which deliver a premium economy as something midway between business and economy). This flight from Munich to Washington was fine. The food was pretty tasty, and included a premium ice cream. The snack before landing was perfect. Service was cordial and efficient, with water and other drinks offered on a regular basis. They handed out individual bottles of water. There was a great selection of films and tv. My only complaint would be the toilets, which go unattended for the entire flight - and some of them get pretty messed up."
"Washington to Rome with United Airlines. United is finally making some progress. The meals have improved. The entertainment choices are broad. The crew was accommodating and upbeat. The flight was certainly better than a UA flight I took 8 months ago from Dulles to Tokyo where the food was very poor."
"Verified Review | Frankfurt to Newark with United Airlines and a very good flight. Very comfortable and good food. Also good IFE, only bad thing was that they had unfriendly crew. Ontime flight. Much to watch on screen and much leg room. Good price quality!"
"Verified Review | I booked United Airlines flight 3692 from Austin to MSP on May 11, 2016. There was an mechanical problem with the door so the passengers were diverted to other flights. The purpose of my trip was to attend my brother's funeral, I had to be there on time. I explained my need to get to Minnesota before 1:30 and the AUS attendant got me onto the next flight to Houston to make the next flight to MSP which was scheduled to arrive at 1:17pm. The National Cemetery is right next to the airport and the time is approximately 10 minutes from the airport to the cemetery via the highway. At Houston, I asked the attendant if I could be off the plane first when it arrived at MSP. She said \"No\" but she did move my seat assignment closer to the door. I also asked if they could request a sky cab/cart upon landing so it could take me to the taxi cab stands located outside the airport. They made those arrangements for me. Fortunately the plane arrived 10 minutes earlier than the scheduled arrival time. The sky cab/cart arrived just as I got into the terminal. The driver whisked me as close as he could to the taxi cab stands and explained the quickest way to get to the taxis. I want to thank all attendants, the MSP cab/cart driver and the taxi cab driver for getting me to my brother's funeral 5 minutes before the 1:30 start time."
"Newark to Melbourne via Los Angeles with United. Much better than I expected. Flights were punctual. Aircraft cabins and toilets were clean. Food was tasty. Seats comfortable. Entertainment was barely ok, I like European films better than US and there were none. Water tasted awful but I have been warned about aeroplane water often enough to not take more than a sip. The total cost of my 7 flights was 30% less than \"Oneworld\". My only issue is that US airports are awful, but that has nothing to do with United."
"Maybe I was lucky, but all my flights during my recent trip to the US were great. Flew from Munich to Las Vegas via Newark and on the return San Diego to Munich via Chicago. All flights on time, very friendly and cheerful flight attendants on all 4 trips. Food was ok, entertainment system on the longhaul flights had a good variety of movies, TV shows etc. Nothing to complain about with the seats. I would recommend United."
"Verified Review | Overnight flight from Newark to Heathrow. We upgraded to premium economy for this flight and it was my first experience with UA. Boarding was smooth, assigned a row to join which was marked on the boarding pass. Welcomed on board and found the seats, two of us travelling and we discovered that no one was assigned to the third seat in our row which made it a bit more comfortable. Legroom was good although seat width felt a bit narrow and looked to be the same as economy. That was about it in the way of 'perks' compared to economy as far as I could see. As for the flight, one hour delay in taking off and strong winds delayed our arrival. Good choice of entertainment. Meals were reasonable and I managed to get a brief nap. I had a look at the economy legroom and it looked poor, so I was glad we upgraded but I would class it as only extra legroom rather than a premium product."
"Verified Review | United Airlines has picked up its game and this flight from Los Angeles to Las Vegas, even though short was very pleasant and comfortable. We experienced a weather delay. storms in Las Vegas prior to departure. The captain let us off the aircraft and the gate team gave us updates every 15 minutes on what was happening. Even when the gate staff changed shift the updates keep happening. It was very professional and made the delay manageable. Onboard service was great and despite being a 43 minute flight a quick beverage and snack service. Surprising as the cabin crew had to ran to make this happen."
"Verified Review | We travelled with United Airlines in Domestic First and International Business class from Las Vegas to Dublin via Washington, the return leg of an earlier DUB-IAD-SAN booking. Checked in at LAS at a staffed desk, this was quick friendly and efficient. After security, which was quiet at the time of the process, we made our way to the Lounge for a 1+ hour wait. Plenty of drinks and nibbles were available and the food area was clean and tidy. It was too early in the day to use the bar! Boarding was by the standard UA Group System, and being in the first group as stated the boarding pass this was completely painless. On board welcome drinks were offered prior to departure. Meal orders for lunch were also taken. After departure we noticed that the aircraft appeared to level off a bit early and that turns were being made over the Lake Mead area. This manoeuvre lasted for about 10+minutes which we found to be slightly alarming. My co-traveller mentioned this to one of the FAs who advised that systems were being checked. No flight deck announcement was ever made on this situation. Once the aircraft started to climb again and it was obvious that the aircraft was on course for IAD we were able to relax more and enjoy the well presented lunch and numerous top ups of wine! In spite of the unusual post departure manoeuvres the flight arrived at the gate in IAD a few minutes early. We checked the gate number for the onward DUB flight which was departing a few gates away on the same concourse. We were able to use the UA lounge at IAD for a short stay, this facility was heaving at the time of our mid evening visit so perhaps not so enjoyable. Boarding for Dublin flight commenced about 20 minutes late due to the aircraft's delay from a previous flight. On board the FA in charge greeted each Business-First passenger, and as on the previous sector drinks were service prior to departure along with orders for dinner. Inflight, dinner and more drinks were served. Having eaten earlier there was actually too much food on offer! We did notice that most fellow travellers had skipped the final cheese and desert courses to try and get some sleep. Around 1.5 hours out of Dublin a breakfast was served. The aircraft arrived 10 minutes early. From the gate it was a fair walk along corridors to the immigration and customs area which was near empty at the time of our visit. To conclude, the service on all sectors was great. The tickets purchased in P booking class which originated in Dublin were competitively priced, and worth the extra trip from Edinburgh."
"Verified Review | Washington to Melbourne via Los Angeles with United - the worst things about this route are the terminals and the United Clubs. D terminal at IAD is little better than a Quonset hut with carpeting, and Terminal 7 at LAX is a smelly, dirty disgrace made even worse by blaring security announcements every few minutes. The United Clubs in both places are old, tatty, dirty and full of people having loud, self-important conversations on cellphones since UA does nothing to regulate this kind of conduct. The Boeing 772 service to LAX was fully loaded, boarding was orderly, except that the cabin crew did nothing to assist disabled passengers to get seated and sorted before the rest of us got on. It was the same with disembarkation at LAX, so the aisles were brought to a standstill by poor people with physical limits trying to get on and off with the rest of us. The 772 was old and showing it. Things did not work. My IFE system went on the fritz. An FA willingly reset it and then checked, and when it still did not recover, gave me a coupon which I later used online to add 5,000 points to my Mileage Plus account. The inflight wifi also did not work for me 90 percent of the time, but my neighbour could use it it, albeit with very slow up and down speeds. One has to apply online for a refund. The Boeing 787 LAX-MEL was still new and fully functional, and this time the food was edible, though the portions were minuscule, and with dinner service about 1 hour after lift off and breakfast about 1 hour before landing, the 12-13 hours without food in between seemed long, even to me who is not a big eater, though one can buy food from the food for purchase menu. The crew on this leg were short on customer service skills, barking out requests, never a \"please\" or \"thank you\" and not a single hydration round. They seemed pretty sour about something, but when I went to the rear galley to find an empty restroom, a few of them were sitting around and chatting in a very jovial way with each other. Toilets not maintained at all for the 15 hours. Even so, we were on time, things went efficiently, the IFE choices were good, and the IFE system on the B789 was very good. If the hard product on the old 772s is upgraded and the effort to promote customer service skills among cabin crew continues, the improvement in United's service I've noticed over the last couple of years might just continue."
"Verified Review | It was my first time flying with United Airlines and it turned out to be quite a pleasant flight, United Airlines was the cheapest full service airline which offers flights from Singapore to Hong Kong. However the timing for the flight was not that good as the flight departs Singapore at 5am in the morning. The aircraft cabin was quite clean and the seats were comfortable, the flight attendants were friendly when serving food and drinks to passengers. There was a choice of chicken noodles and scrambled eggs for the in-flight meal, I chose chicken noodles for my meal, unfortunately it was not to my liking as the noodles were too dry. The Inflight entertainment was really unresponsive and difficult to use but overall it was still a pleasant flight with United and I will definitely fly with them again in future."
"The stewardess on my United Airlines flight from Houston to Guatemala City was friendly and quite helpful. As we were getting closer to Guatemala City, she noticed that she had extra food and offered it to me. That came in handy as my next flight was delayed and I had to run to get it. I highly recommend her and wish her the best. My flight from Guatemala City to Houston actually had the Captain come over, give us his card and thanked us for traveling with United - I was impressed."
"Verified Review | United Airlines from Melbourne to Washington via Los Angeles. Apart from a genuinely appalling luncheon out of Melbourne, and rubbish food for sale on the domestic leg, I found everything efficient, punctual, and as comfortable as one can expect in Economy Plus - which is more economy than plus. But the extra leg room and earlier boarding and disembarkation is what I want, not frills. The Boeing 787 was new, in excellent condition, clean, seats quite comfortable for me, and a very good IFE product. Similarly with the Boeing 737-900 from LAX to IAD. Mature, pragmatic FAs: you know they know what to do, but charm is not always in it. Inflight wifi was not exactly cheap and tended to drop out over Samoa, but who doesn't? Otherwise very reliable. I've been flying UA for 30 years now, and have a lot of miles with them under my belt, and I have almost always found the airline functional, clean, and reliable,"
"Just back from a trip to Florida booked with United from Ireland, with Shannon to London leg by Aer lingus. Outbound from Heathrow to Orlando via Washington and returned via Newark. Overall found them very good to fly with. Staff both in ground and in the air helpful and friendly. Food not great but no worse than other carriers. Plenty drinks offered. Boeing 777 very comfortable and plenty room. Boeing 757 inbound a bit cramped but not full which made it easier. Our seats from Washington to Orlando were changed on check in and had us separated from kids but agent in London sorted it no problem. Also a nice touch was arriving in London late yesterday morning the crew moved as many connecting pax as they could forward and also asked anyone not connecting to allow those with connections off first and amazingly everyone obliged! I must say I wasn't looking forward to the trip given some reviews (booked this way as cheapest option), but I was pleasantly surprised and would not hesitate to use again though would try to avoid the Boeing 757 transatlantic legs where possible. I fly a lot and there are a lot worse out there!"
"Chicago to London return, both flights basically the same as this LHR-IAD sector, with the exception of a fully functioning in-flight entertainment system. Check in with United in London is at its worst average and usually much better. I swear Heathrow has the best ground staff in the entire United system. Was informed the Star Golds now when access to fast track security which is used. It is a very long walk to the United Club but I was prepared for that. The United Club in London is tops and with great staff. The plane was a typical old Boeing 767 that United flies between London and Chicago. While old, it is fairly comfortable in Economy Plus as long as you aren't big into watching video. The screens are small with poor resolution and the sound for the video wasn't working on this flight. Still, all was set up with fresh pillows and blankets and the plane was clean. The thing that made this trip even better was that the economy cabin was empty. My guess is there were 25 of us in back with the front two cabins almost full. The lunch was decent though the portions were quite small. I don't like the pre-landing snack so I always bring my own food onboard for that meal. Flight attendants were friendly. In fact, everyone in Economy was in a good mood that day and, who wouldn't be with all of that room. We were delayed in London due to traffic and weather. Arrived in Chicago having made up about half of the delay. Baggage was out in a very acceptable amount of time. I do this route a fair amount and it is usually one of United's best. Much of that has to do with the London ground staff which is often exceptional and some of the flight attendants who routinely work this route. Fly this route four or five times a year and people will start to recognize you. I am no fan of the new United and this flight isn't quite as much of a joy when full but flying this route tends to be one of the better experiences when traveling on the new United."
"Verified Review | United Airlines from Las Vegas to Los Angeles, on a new Boeing 737-900. Due to busy time at LAX airport, flight departure held at Las Vegas for 20 minutes but arrived on time. As flight time is only 45 minutes, cabin crew did not commence in-flight service with cart, only offered water to passengers. Smooth check-in, on-time arrival but baggage delivery at LAX needs to be quicker. Even as premier passenger I had to wait for 30 minutes before I got my luggage delivered, can't imagine how long other passengers had to wait."
"United Airlines from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. A less than an hour flight. More than satisfied with United this time. On time departure, early (like 20 mins) arrival. Fast baggage handling as well as smiling cabin crew members. Plane looks a little bit old but it's a short flight anyway. The only drawback is cabin crew didn't manage to serve all passengers. The last 5 rows of passengers couldn't get their drinks because the plane needed to land already. Maybe next time cabin crew need to serve faster."
"I flew HNL back to LAX on 26 February on a Boeing 757-300. A nice touch on initial welcome onto the plane was being offered a cup of coffee. I had paid extra for an exit row seat and there were 2 passengers next to me. The flight attendant advised that the next block of exit row seats in the back cabin were all vacant if we wanted to relocate. The flight left HNL on time and arrived in LAX early. The crew were friendly and courteous. My only criticism was as this was a 7:00am departure, there wasnt really any breakfast options or a meal service available on this flight. Luckily I had breakfast in the United Club lounge before departure."
"Chicago to London Heathrow with United Airlines. First of all, getting on the aircraft was very simple and quick. There were surprisingly few people on the flight and after we went to the seats we were assigned to, we were allowed to move and spread out. Most of us were able to have an entire row of two to three seats to ourselves which greatly enhanced the comfort of such a long international flight. We were warmly welcomed and I could see the safety demonstration well. The food and drink service was efficient and often. The assortment of drinks was welcomed, and so was the snack. The dinner, as expected in economy class on an airplane was not the best, but it did include gelato which was a treat. They provided newspapers and magazines as well. However I could never figure out the entertainment system, nor the wifi within the airplane. The darkening of the cabin was timely, the restrooms were very clean and actually relatively spacious and well lit. The staff was curtious. As well as they were helpful with special assistance when needed."
"This was my fourth time flying with United Airlines and it was the best experience I've had with them. The plane had a new seat design that offered a little more comfort than the previous flights. The seats also had power outlets. The inflight entertainment was not very good. The entertainment consisted of the TV playing the same video the entire 4 hour flight and the only way to change the channel was to pay $6. This was a huge disappointment to other flights I have taken where United offered free movies and some TV shows. Overall though I was pretty impressed with United and their staff."
"I flew United Airlines from Los Angeles to Honolulu on an early flight on an old Boeing 777-200, but the plane was clean and PC Tablets were available to take advantage of inflight entertainment. I paid for an exit row seat and it was well worth the money, as space was not an issue. The seats were close to the lavatories but this was never an issue. There were two meal runs on this 5 hour flight and a good selection of food, plus hot options available. The aircraft left LAX on time and arrived in HNL a head of time. The crew were attentive, efficient and friendly. Between meals, glasses of water were offered on a frequent basis."
"Flew into Sydney from Christchurch on route to Orlando and arrived just in time to find out our United Airlines flight to LA was cancelled. No one at transit lounge or gate to explain, cue panic. We were just about to call our travel agent when the United rep turned up. I can't remember her name but she took us to transit desk and spent about 30 minutes working with us to get us to Orlando. We ended up flying Qantas on the A380 so that was a nice bonus. We were all up about 3 1/2 hours late to Orlando so no big deal and excellent service we received at Sydney from United."
"I am so thankful for United Airlines for helping me out so much when my flight with Seaborne airlines was cancelled. Originally I was supposed to fly out of St. Maarten with Seaborne airlines to Puerto Rico and than go to Charlotte, NC which would than go to Detroit, MI via American Airlines. Seaborne Airlines cancelled my flight without my notice and than finally agreed to put me on a connecting flight with JetBlue - however, that flight would have me missing my next 2 connecting flights and I would have been stranded in San Juan PR. I went to the American Airlines counter to explain to them of the connecting flight problem but they told me I would have to pay over $1000 for a new ticket (even though this was not my fault). Finally, I called United because I flew to St. Marteen with them originally and they were able to switch my flights without any charge and I still arrived home on my scheduled time. I am so thankful and will continue to fly United Airlines."
"United Airlines is a very chintzy airline with a rather unpleasant corporate culture, but I do find them to be reliable out of Newark Airport. The flight went right on time, but the legroom was very limited, the seats were uncomfortable, and their new free snack mix (that they are so proud to be offering) was small and barely edible. I flew Jetblue on this same route and it was a much better experience. United is not keeping up with the competition."
"I booked this United Airlines flight for its low price and was really surprised. Narita-LAX crew ran like a well-oiled - if not overly friendly - machine, and the Boeing 787 is a great aircraft. Food was just okay, IFE was superb, and we arrived ahead of schedule!"
"San Francisco to Sao Paulo via Washington. All flights were on-time. Seat comfort was fine in Economy Plus. Food adequate and edible. Seat back entertainment selection was excellent. My luggage arrived quickly. In my experience United Airlines delivers a decent service and for me no late arrivals or other problems."
"I had huge concerns flying Heathrow to Newark with United with my children after reading some reviews. However the staff were lovely. Very friendly and kind when my panic mid-turbulance became unbearable. The food isn't great but we took snacks anyway. Arrived early to our destination and the movies onboard were great."
"United's staff professional and efficient. There was no trouble making connections with Las Vegas to State College PA via Chicago flights, even given poor weather and the need to de-ice. The cabins on all of their planes however, remain cramped and they are almost always full. This is an industry-wide problem, and it isn't any better on any of United's competitors. My primary complaint is United's Wi-Fi and inflight entertainment services - and this is limited only to their Boeing aircraft. The outbound part of my trip was on an Airbus A320. There are never any connectivity issues, and those planes have a nice library of TV shows and movies to stream over my tablet. The Boeing portion of their fleet, however, is a WiFi disaster. It was so bad on that leg of the trip the flight crew had to do the safety announcement themselves rather than rely on the video that United probably spent millions of dollars producing. If you're able to connect at all on the Boeing planes, the connection is unreliable. United would like you to pay for this service, too. Just don't. It's a rip off. United really needs to end their relationship with Direct TV, and switch their entire fleet over to the system on the Airbus planes. Bring a tablet, download a couple movies on it. It's the only way you'll be able to watch something on their Boeing fleet. Beyond the entertainment issue, the cramped cabins that all the airlines have, and the standard hassle with TSA, United is still a good bet. They go places a lot of the other carriers just don't. The crews are generally friendly, and their airfares are competitive. Oh, and there were really unusual little complimentary snack packages they were handing out. Not the typical nuts or chips. They were surprisingly tasty. Too bad they were so small."
"Was dreading flying with United Airlines as reviews were not encouraging. However I was pleasantly surprised on my flights from Birmingham to Las Vegas via Newark. The crew were friendly and the flights were all on time. On three out of four legs we had three seats between two, which does improve a flight (although not enough to pay for the extra seat). Admittedly the food was not good, but the house wine and beer were fine. Much better experience than I had anticipated."
"Vancouver to Liberia (Costa Rica) return via Houston. After reading reviews I was prepared for the worst. Instead, I was impressed by the service on United Airlines. All our flights were on time or arrived early. The cabin crew were friendly and responsive. The captain kept us informed on all our flights. On our last leg of our flight from Houston to Vancouver, the incoming flight was delayed. United turned the plane around very quickly with only a 15 minute delay departing, I am happy to report that the plane landed on time in Vancouver. Overall, a very pleasant experience with United."
"McAllen TX to Houston TX with United Airlines. The flight attendant on my flight this afternoon was extremely kind and very good. As I was boarding the flight she offered me a seat belt extention without me having to ask. I found this nice because it's embarrassing sometimes when you have to ask for one. When serving drinks she called everyone by name which I've never had happen before. She also helped by lifting the arm on my seat to make me more comfortable. I just found her really friendly and attentive which was nice since we had several \"busy\" businessmen on our flight who I thought were kind of rude. But kudos to the flight attendant on a great job."
"I was on United Airlines flight UA 139 from Denver to Narita on Feb 2, 2016. I traveled with my 2 year old child. The ground crew at the gate were so accommodating and helpful. Because it is a 12 hours flight, they made sure that I got my seating arrangements so I was comfortable and had space on the flight which I appreciated. The Dreamliner aircraft was new and sophisticated. I loved the window panel control shade device. The entertainment systems was excellent and provided good choices of movies and entertainment for old and young. Even the safety video was new and fresh from the traditional types I have seen. I have mixed feelings on the cabin crew. I was seated on 23L. There were 3 Crews working on that row. The Asian crew were so accommodating, friendly and helpful whereas I felt the American crew members could be further trained in customer service."
"Austin to Calgary via Houston with United Airlines. First flight was only a short hop but was quite good, flight on time departure and early arrival which assisted the connection. Second flight was longer and meal served. Meal choices not to my taste but my wife said her selection was one of the better meals she has had on airline. Direct TV offered."
"I was on one of the many cancelled flights due to the big storm on the east coast of the United States in January 2016. This is a \"best of times/worst of times\" review about that experience with United Airlines from New Delhi, India to Newark. The bad side was that the United desk in New Delhi was very late in informing us of the cancellation. I, and many others, had cleared immigration/security before United told us. My wife, who was in the US, told me later she knew the flight was cancelled long before I did by watching the United website. This late notice left us stuck in the secure area. We had a long (2+ hours) wait before the staff was able to get us out of that area. The good side was the once United got organized they were very supportive in providing us free room and board in a 5 star hotel for as long as we needed. They provided comfortable transportation to and from the airport and the staff did everything they could to assist us."
"Seattle to Dallas via Denver. We were scheduled to leave at 5:15 am, and have a one hour layover in Denver. We boarded on time, and then just sat for about an hour, while mechanics retrieved paperwork for seat repairs. Apparently the paperwork was at the other end of the airport. I don't know why it wasn't there before the flight. During our \"wait\", we were offered drinks soon after boarding, and then for the rest of the hour, flight attendants spent their time in the galley, laughing, having a good old time. Not once did anyone check on passengers, at least in the front of the aircraft. On our return trip, which went from Dallas to Chicago, when meals were brought to us, first my son, who doesn't drink, was served a beer, then was served the wrong meal. The attendant was very apologetic, and was really nice, but this seems to be an ongoing problem with United. Service is definitely lacking. As far as the aircraft, they are aging planes, with little in ammenities, like wi-fi, or even power outlets for cels, or laptops. I know these problems seem petty, but I usually fly in first class,and have come to expect better service for the extra money that it cost, but this didn't even come close to other airlines."
"Pleasantly surprised at how well this Los Angeles to Melbourne flight was, given the length (15 hours) and the reputation of United Airlines. The Boeing 787-9 we flew in was a new aircraft, the cabin does feel airier, with larger windows, and improved lighting. The cabin crew on this flight was a mix bag of very senior flight attendants who were quite stand off-ish, to younger flight attendants who were very nice, attentive and friendly. United has upped its game in catering for the Business First cabin and it shows. Portions were plentiful, wines good, and choices good. The mid-flight snacks left on the credenza at the forward most section of the cabin and in the mid-Business cabin galley were basic and not great, but not an issue, given the large dinner service. Breakfast was served 90 minutes out of Melbourne. Flight departed on time and arrived 30-35 minutes ahead of schedule. If United can replicate the service and feel of the 787-9 to its other aircraft cabins on long haul flights, then it might have turned a corner. The LAX terminal it operates from is dingy, dirty, and has zero to offer in terms of comfort. It is supposed to be upgraded. Not soon enough. WIFI on board the plane, at $19.99 is a relative bargain and worked extremely reliably, for the entire duration of the flight. Sleep quality also quite decent."
"I was flying from Indianapolis to Newark this morning and got caught behind a slow moving semi after the first large snowfall at home. Needless to say, I was rather late getting to the airport for my morning flight. Upon checking in the computer stated that I was too late to check my bags. The two United Airlines agents helped me get my boarding pass quickly and check my baggage regardless. I was sprinting towards the gate and had dropped my boarding pass. The employee working at the gate waved me on and told me my seat number in a friendly manner. I arrived in Newark and my bags made it on the plane. I was so thrilled with the customer service I received and the attitude of the employees."
"I was pleasantly surprised with United Airlines performance on my trip from Honolulu to Las Vegas via San Francisco. I heard rumors which almost got me to book with a different airline, but the price was good enough to push on. Once I boarded the aircraft there was personal TV touch-screens on the back of each seat, I watched a few movies over the period of the 6 hour flight and enjoyed a decent meal, for plane food. Overall I would fly this airline again, very comfortable."
"United Airlines from Los Angeles to Newark, and very comfortable business class seats on the older Boeing 757-200 used on this route. Food adequate, good service. Lounge at LAX inadequate - very full even at 6am. Flight left and arrived on time despite significant adverse weather conditions on the East Coast"
"Got the early flight from Houston to San Jose, Costa Rica. Unfortunately, United Airlines does not offer special meals on First Class for some of its international flights, thus had to settle with some cold cut fruit and croissant for breakfast. Seats were alright, entertainment system was slightly below average. Service was good. Lounge was ill equipped in food and beverages for an international flight even though there was space to sit."
"Panama Tocumen to Houston on United Airlines. Got into the 3:30 pm flight. Being a vegetarian, I did not get any food on a 4 hour flight flying in First Class, because of United's policy of serving special meals only on select flights. Had to settle for the \"Tapas Box\". Did not have an entertainment system onboard and the seats were pretty old. Service was alright."
"Cancun to Chicago with United Airlines. Boarding was swift and even though we left with about a 20 minute delay, the pilot managed to land in Chicago about 15 minutes ahead of schedule. The service offered in economy met expectations, and the service went by without any incident. The plane was almost completely full so it was a loud trip but nothing United can be blamed for. The only minor complaint was that they started handing out the immigration papers quite late in the flight which led to some stress, but otherwise it was a solid performance. Credit is given where credit is due and United certainly deserves credit for this well structured and good flight."
"United Airlines from San Francisco to Washington Dulles. Wonderful business class. Food was great. Service was pretty bad, with the usual forced smile and sarcastic flight attendants. Seats were amazing and comfy, but flying backwards was a little funky. TV's were huge and filled with movies. Loved the aircraft."
"United Airlines from Brussels to Washington return, flights left on time and arrived ahead of schedule. Friendly crew in general and the purser was really nice to us - a fine person with good since of humor and professionalism which is rare in todays world. Food just okay. Planes were old but well maintained. Nice selection of movies and series in the IFE. Comfort seats are worth the money in economy as they give extra legroom."
"United Airlines from Washington to Paris CDG. The plane was clean, and whilst I usually run into grumpy United Airlines staff, this flight had very friendly and polite crew. The major problem is that on an 8 hour flight, alcohol is not free, this is the first time I fly on a non-budget airline, actually one of the world's largest airlines, and alcohol is not free. I find it really cheap especially as alcohol helps me sleep in an economy seat on long flights."
"I flew United Airlines to Houston for Christmas and was very pleasantly surprised with the service. Flying business class was not that much more than economy and the food was good, the seats were comfortable, and throughout the 4 hour flight the flight attendants came through constantly to ensure we had everything we needed (and cheerful no less). As a final good note, my checked bag was the first one to come out in baggage claim which showed the small attention to details to people flying in business class. I have had some bad experiences with United in the past, so I am hopeful that this experience is a sign that things are improving with this airline."
"Houston to Frankfurt. Onboard one of the flights that were hit by the server breakdown on 28th December. As a result of the delay, missed my connection from Frankfurt to Delhi. Ground staff were left completely helpless and could do nothing about it. However, the crew did a marvelous job, were polite and made it hard for me to believe I was flying United Airlines. Seated on 1A, the flight attendant for that section was one of the most polite and attentive cabin staff I have come across. Seats were good, very comfortable and had a good sleep. New Entertainment system was impressive, with the touch screen remote control (similar to Turkish's 777-300ER). Even though the flight was delayed by over 3 hours, Lufthansa was kind enough to divert us to London and then to Delhi."
"I have been a consistent critic of United Airlines when they have deserved it. But check in at Tokyo Narita for this itinerary was wonderful, especially since I was combining two reservations (Tokyo to Los Angeles and Los Angeles to Traverse City via Chicago) and the agent didn't have to check me through. Flight out of LAX was delayed but a very helpful agent at the Customer Service counter rebooked me, found my luggage in the system and rerouted it. It was a long day but everyone I dealt with at UA was helpful and courteous. Sometimes one gets out of these interactions with UA personnel what one puts into them."
"Washington Dulles to San Francisco, and United Airlines Ground staff helpful with getting bags tagged and dropped off in crowded and cramped Dulles terminal on busy travel day. Friendly welcome by FA when getting on plane, and at least 2 food and beverage runs, plus additional water and coffee runs, done in a professional and often friendly manner. While there were several vegetarian options, wish there was a veggie breakfast wrap or bowl offered. Economy Plus seat had plenty of leg room, but I'm not a big fan of the vinyl/leather seats, which got to be uncomfortable on 5+ hour flight. Didn't pay the $7.99 for AVOD - wish it was free, but somewhere over the Rockies regretted my decision and wished I had to make the flight go faster (God forbid I should have to read a book for 5 hours). Bathroom in back of the plane was ok, but sink of one of them was out of order and covered by tape, and an insufficient number of handiwipe packets were strewn on the counter (would have been good to have them in a bowl and more of them). Departed a few minutes late, but arrived about 15 minutes early. Overall a good flight."
"Orlando to Newark return. Flight to Newark was delayed 1 hour while we sat onboard due to a mechanical failure but kept well informed every 10 minutes. Both flights on Boeing 757-200 with international business first cabin with lie flat seats. Food brilliant quality, a wide variety of beverages available. Flight attendants couldn't do enough for you. Seats very comfortable with nice personal space, good inflight entertainment. Wifi available for a cost. I did use this feature but it was fairly slow even to load basics like emails and social media sites."
"Just flew in yesterday December 17th at 10:30 am from Fort Myers to Newark airport. I was pleased with how the crew and pilot handled the horrible weather conditions we had and also turbulence. I would like to thank United Airlines on an excellent job. Thank you so much for such a great experience."
"ORD-YEG morning nonstop E-175. United Express. Excellent flight. Paid for Econ Plus seating and had 2 seats together. Tons of leg room. Both flight attendants welcoming upon boarding and throughout the flight. On-time departure and landed 25 minutes early into Edmonton. Drink service 2x during the 3 hour 25 min flight. Wifi available and worked well. Wish all my UA flights were this good."
"I flew United Airlines direct from Mumbai to Newark and upgraded to Economy Plus. I though it was overpriced, the upgrade proved to be a wise decision. It made the flight bearable. Check in went smoothly and quickly and the flight left on time. The service was decent and the entertainment center worked well. I have few complaints about the flight. I never really have high expectations for United, but the service was fine."
"Newark to Buenos Aires via Miami. Yesterday, upon arrival to Newark airport I was told I could not get a boarding pass as I had not paid the entrance fee to Argentina. A United Airlines employee went out of his way over the course of an hour to get me online, provided me with the website and even carried my luggage to the area where he was able to print out the proof of payment so I could make my trip. I don't know if I have ever encountered better customer service. Without him, I don't think I would have made my flight. I am beyond impressed with United's Customer service and if I have a choice to fly in the future, it will be with United."
"United Airlines in Domestic First and BusinessFirst. The 737 at FLL was packed and overhead lockers were already well filled by the time we got on the plane. Cabin crew tried repacking but one case wasnt going to fit - the other one did. The purser eventually found a hole somewhere in the galley area - it came out freezing cold at end of flight, anyway. Service was excellent, although to a European snacks usually means something prepared - a sandwich or roll - not packs of pretzels etc. However it kept the wolf from the door, as did the wine etc. Early landing in IAH, time in the manic Club, then boarding the 787 close at hand. Seats better than the 777 on the way out, cabin crew friendly and attentive, and ok movies etc. Food was plentiful and of good quality, drinks flowed freely. Some sort of sleep, awakened to breakfast (which I didnt have, just a coffee and fruit was enough). Lots of info from flight deck. Early landing at LHR, several miles (or so it felt) hike around T2. Immigration fast for once. Baggage appeared pretty fast, and so off into the UK."
"Excellent flight. Our J class flight in a United Express (Mesa) CRJ from IAD to SAV boarded on time. We squeezed carryons into overhead lockers with crew assistance. Push back on time, ok seat pitch. Drinks and snacks passed around by friendly and helpful cabin crew. Pleasant flight, on time landing. Checked bags a little slow in reaching carousel, but in meantime I had checked in for rental car."
"After reading many horror reviews of United Airlines, I was not looking forward to going to and from the US from Sydney. A 14 hour flight one way, and 15 hours plus coming back to Sydney. However United was fine. The flight stewards were friendly, the food not too bad and the entertainment system was adequate. The flight to the states left in time and arrived early, which was great as I had only a two hour layover in LA before my flight to Mexico. The flight back was delayed slightly due to some undisclosed mechanical problem, but made up the time to arrive in Sydney only 15 min late. At LA, I was able to drop my bag off four hours before the departing flight which was great. The staff at check in at both ends were friendly and helpful. I booked via Expedia, requested an aisle seat and got this for four legs of the trio with no extra cost. My seat was no more or less comfortable than those on Etihad or Emirates. I paid $1627 for Sydney - Mexico city and return Cancun to LA, with a week in LA, then back to Sydney. This was a pretty competitive price. Overall I'd be happy to fly United again."
"Check-in and boarding at Mexico City was fast. First class seat was comfortable and cabin was clean. I was offered a pre-departure beverage. Inflight we were served beverages and an enjoyable lunch. Cabin crew were friendly. I did not use the inflight entertainment because I prefer to read. Before landing the purser gave me her United business card with a personal hand written note addressing me by name and thanked me for flying United. Upon arrival my bags came off the carousel quickly. I enjoyed my flight."
"United Airlines staff at the airports and on the plane were polite and efficient. The smaller Embraer jets are nice for the single traveler, as they're designed with a single seat on the right side, so you get both window and aisle. The extra leg room in economy plus seating is worth the extra expense ($30-$45 on the segments I flew). The seats themselves are adequate, but not comfortable. This is an industry wide problem, and not in any way unique to United. The biggest disappointment is the WiFi service. From previous experience, it seems to work very well on their Airbus fleet. The Airbus fleet usually does not have tv screens in the seat backs, so the WiFi service on those planes comes with a library of movies and TV shows to watch. This works very well if you've got a tablet or some other device to watch them on. The Boeing portion of their fleet is another matter entirely. The more recent planes have the TV screens in the seats. There's a basic program that runs during the flight, but if you want to watch anything else, there's a fee. The WiFi service on the Boeing aircraft also seems to be spotty at best. It hasn't worked at all on 3 of the 4 segments I've flown in the last couple months. The Embraer planes fly the short routes. I have yet to come across one of these with WiFi service or a seat back screen. But, given the flights I've been on have only been about 90 minutes, this isn't a big problem. Bottom line: bring a tablet or small computer and download a couple of movies on it first."
"We flew United Airlines from London Heathrow to Washington in Business class. Check in at T2 was good, plenty of questions for security then helpful check in agent giving advice. Lounge was excellent - good quality food and drink. Although a long walk from check in, the lounge was very close to the boarding gate. Cabin crew were London based and were attentive on boarding and throughout the flight. Pushback delayed due to traffic at LHR, very windy and bumpy take off, and a long northerly route to avoid winds made us a little late into IAD. Boeing 777, with backward and forward facing seats - we had 9J/K. Coats had to bestowed in overhead bin - no wardrobe as on some other airlines. Seats comfortable and would have allowed sleep. No real problem in getting access from window seat over a reclined adjacent passenger. Food good both in quality and quantity - for mains I had a curried chicken breast, my wife a steak. Wine was offered with explanations, I chose the New World Pinot Noir. Water topped up often and so was the wine. Cheese course was generous, and ice cream was good. Entertainment was ok, plenty of films, decent screen size and sound quality. Bottle of water before lights out. Lavatories were cleaned and ok. Prelanding meal looked good - I only had fruit and a juice so didnt partake. Landed at midfield terminal and so had to face the mobile lounges to get out to landside. Immigration was fast, and relatively friendly, bags were pretty much already there on carousel, and customs was quick. So issues at all - service and comfort on a par with LX and LH fights."
"Second flight with United Airlines this week from YUL to IAD. Ground service was expedient and the team was polite. I used the self-serve kiosks and had my ticket in a matter of seconds. We boarded on time and left the gate quickly. The plane was a little old but the seats were very comfortable. The seat arrangement was single seat on the left side and double seat on the right. For quick, short haul flights United Airlines seems to be an okay carrier from my experiences thus far."
"John Wayne Airport to La Guardia via Denver, and it was one of the best domestic flights I have taken in US. There wasn't any delay and the leg space was ample. In the second flight, the beverages were served often. Did not have any problems such as missing the next flight or being uncomfortable in any manner."
"I recently flew from Dulles to Toronto Pearson with United. The boarding process was smooth and quick. The flight was full and everyone was served in a timely manner on board. The plane wasn't new but was clean and the chairs were comfortable with quite a bit of legroom. A light refreshment was served during the flight. The only complaint I would have was with the flight crew. They still seem to have an attitude when serving customers. Besides that, for the cheap value of the ticket the flight was satisfactory."
"First Class on United Airlines from Frankfurt to San Francisco. The First Class cabin is on the main deck in the nose of the aircraft. The flatbed seats are very comfortable and there is plenty of storage space. The food served and inflight service were excellent. Although not as refined as Lufthansa First class or the Swiss First product, I would rate the United First Class product a solid A. The stewardesses on this flight were outstanding and their attention to detail came as a surprise."
"A red eye flight from San Diego to Newark. Plane filled to capacity. Seats look modern but hardly recline. Refreshments are offered but if thirsty bring your own drink. Bulk head storage was filled to capacity and not sure if all passengers could place luggage above. This is no surprise now that United Airlines charges for checked-in luggage. It felt like I'm flying a budget-airline but paid a full ticket price for a seat."
"I had a United Airlines flight going out of Portland (PDX) tonight that was going to San Francisco as my connecting flight home to Phoenix, and it got delayed then cancelled. United staff took the time and found a direct flight from Portland to Phoenix as soon as they could! That is great customer service right there, and it made me feel special and given the circumstances they were working under they were still kind and willing to help. I didn't get their names, but I just wanted what they did for us to be known! Thanks again."
"My first segment (SLC to IAH) was actually okay. Unfortunately, their A319 was not fitted with IFE. Instead, UA provided free entertainment that pax can stream to their mobile device. While it's a great option, this isn't my preferred source of entertainment. Unfortunately, my flight ran into pretty bad weather while approaching IAH. This caused me to miss my connecting flight to MFE which happened to also be the last flight of the night on that route. Then, United Airlines surprised me. By the time I had landed, my flight had already been rebooked to the earliest available flight the next morning and I was given a hygiene kit. Because of the possibility of inclement weather the following morning, they had also placed me on standby on a later flight in case the first rebook was affected. UA staff was very polite, and actually did an amazing job at taking care of me while I was stuck in IAH. I also appreciate UA checking in during my travel to make sure I was okay, and to fulfill reasonable requests. At the end of the day, I was treated exceptionally well, especially considering the circumstances."
"Calgary to Fort Lauderdale via Houston, returning via Chicago. This was our first experience with United Airlines and the overall service was great. Flight Attendant on Calgary-Houston leg and both legs of return flights were fabulous, constantly ensuring we were cared for. Meals were decent. Inflight entertainment - only glitch was not downloading United app to utilize the free WiFi. Loved the United Club lounges, greeters friendly and helpful. Flight from Houston to Fort Lauderdale was delayed and flight attendants cranky, but it was a short journey."
"Recently traveled United Airlines to PVR from EWR round trip, non-stop going and connected thru IAH on the return. This time I opted to upgrade to Business Class on all three routes. Checking in was a breeze in EWR and security was surprisingly easy this time. Minor note, there is absolutely no reason to ever go to the Presidents club anymore in EWR with the updated food options in Terminal C. I would rather pay for a decent breakfast/lunch/dinner then eat the garbage they offer in the Club for \"free\". The seats were nice, however they allow too much recline for seats given the limited seat pitch. The gentleman in front of me reclined all the way back and I struggled to exit my seat to use the facilities without being very disruptive. Apart from the minor issue with the seats everything else about the flight was more than acceptable. The food was good not great. We were offered a decent breakfast, however the coffee is dreadful and the tea no better. The flight attendants were attentive and very cordial the entire time. Flying back thru to EWR from PVR via IAH was just fine except for the disaster that is IAH security. We nearly missed our connection due to extremely long queues to pass back through security after clearing customs. I have never seen only one line open in IAH when you have multiple flights trying to get through security at the same time. There were multiple people in line with us that missed their connections."
"San Francisco to Orlando. We were surprised how good United Airlines were after reading the reviews. Plane was clean and comfortable and after getting off an 11 hour Air New Zealand long haul flight we were expecting very small cramped seats - but there was not actually a lot of difference between United and Air NZ. What was appreciated was when the cabin crew asked if I would like the three seats behind me and allowed me to move prior to take off. So 6 seats between 3 made it even more comfy. We didn't expect IFE or food so no problems there. Plane departed on time and arrived early. Cabin crew and ground staff all pretty good. I'm taking off a point for no snacks and no IFE but I'm giving a bonus point for friendly cabin crew and generous drink serves. We have long haul flights on United in March which we were dreading, but now not so much."
"Washington to Geneva. Flight was delayed for about an hour and a half but wasn't really in a hurry, the plane we were supposed to get had a system problem. They found another plane quick and same type. The flight was nice, entertainment was very good, could charge phone as there was a usb port. Food was impressive and happy about the service. Couple hours of sleep time/watching movies, breakfast was served with good coffee. Would recommend flying United Airlines long haul, a few things could be improved."
"Minneapolis to Brussels via Chicago. United Airlines Premium economy class makes international flights easier and more comfortable especially on less crowded flights. The premium seats are usually emptier and provide an inexpensive way to survive long haul flights. Great recline and roomier space make for a comfortable journey. I've been traveling with United for years and have begun branching out with other carriers with an eye on improved differences. On United flights, I've frequently had access to power outlets and love the TV monitors at each seat with an above average choice selection of movies. In the last year they've changed their economy class breakfast snack upon arrival to European airports and not for the better. We used to get a warm croissant, juice and fruit. Now you get just a cold croissant with choice of orange juice, coffee or tea. Wish they would stop downgrading services, complaining about the competitors and up their standard sand do more to keep the customers they already have."
"I have flown United Airlines many times and the service was so-so. But this San Francisco to Vancouver flight was exceptional. Check-in was quick and easy as well as boarding. By luck we had priority boarding which meant we had space in the bins. This was a full flight so this was a releif. The service was friendly. It was a bummer that you had to pay to watch movies and wifi. Overall, a great flight but, it's United Airlines. So don't exspect crazy good service on all United flights. It really depends who is serving onboard."
"Check in at IAH was quick although we were overweight 1lb in one bag and were forced to transfer a jacket to the other underweight bag. I guess rules are rules but I wish United were as stringent in applying their carryon rules. The usual kerfuffle with too many/oversized carryons was experienced on the domestic leg. The FAs handled this situation and the service during the 100% full flight efficiently. Our flight to Sydney was delayed a few hours due to the late arrival of our aircraft but we were kept up to date with the situation by email and gate announcements. Another 100% full flight but boarding via the United group system works well and there was little aisle congestion, apart from the usual oversized carryon bag problem. The FAs were great the whole flight. Nothing seemed to be a problem. Water runs were frequent. The food for both dinner and breakfast was passable although serving/collecting the breakfast 90 mins before arrival on a full flight is rushed. This resulted in the hand out of the landing cards during the descent which is not optimal. especially for families. The IFE worked well with a great selection of movies and TV programs. The toilets were kept in reasonably good condition the whole flight. Seating in economy is tight and becomes a little hard after some time but you get what you pay for. My experience is that E+ is not worth the extra money even on a 14 hour flight. Another satisfactory experience with United Airlines."
"Check in at FSD was quick and uncomplicated. All flights were on time. The small Q400 was amazingly comfortable albeit a little noisy compared to a jet. The two FAs were efficient and courteous. It was a long walk between gates at Denver (B79 to B17) for the connecting flight so glad I allowed more than the legal connection time when booking. The Houston plane was full and there was the usual problem of pax bringing on too many/oversized carry ons but the crew handled the situation well. Cabin service during the flight was adequate with trainees helping out. Only minor complaint was that the volume of the announcements from the cockpit was too low to be useful. Obviously our bags made an earlier flight as they were waiting for us in Houston. United informed us about this situation via email as well as an announcement at baggage claim. Happy with UA service as usual."
"San Francisco to Frankfurt in United Airlines Business Class on the upper deck in an old Boeing 747 fitted with the new flatbed seats and TV screens. The seat was the only redeeming feature of the product. The interior of the aircraft looked so worn down. In-flight service in United was efficient and friendly, but did not have the touch of class you get with, say the Lufthansa Business Class product. In-flight wi-fi worked quite well. The flatbed seat made the flight comfortable, but everything else about it was forgettable."
"I'm a 1K Million Miler so have stuck with United over the past two decades through thick and thin. United's overall international product is slowly improving over the past two years. London's Club lounge and BusinessFirst seats (Continental configuration) are on par with its rivals across the atlantic. Boeing 787 a dream to fly. Houston based crew were excellent, food and wine satisfactory. Connected in Houston for South America flight, US Club lounges continue to be a big disappointment in the US, I really don't understand how other Star Alliance members can't put pressure on UA to improve these to acceptable Business class standards. Another 787 to Brazil, good flight experience and plenty of sleep in a comfortable seat. Keep the good work up United."
"Used United for a recent trip to USA - starting from London to Boston, plus some internal flights to destinations (with stopovers). The timing of all flights were impeccable, and the airline staff were friendly. Customer service was good. Flights were of varying quality - some a bit cramped. But in general, they were fine, with decent food."
"Flew United Airlines from Ottawa to Chicago. Friendly flight attendants, clean airplane and flight was on time."
"Very smooth experience on-board with United on LAX to LHR route. Having wi-fi was a priority for me, and I had connectivity throughout my United flight. There was also a power outlet underneath the seat. The quality of food was really good and exceeded my expectations. United has a vast selection of Movies and TV shows on international routes. The only part of the \"United experience\" that I am not a fan of is the boarding area of Terminal 7 at LAX. It is small, congested, fewer seats, and doesn't have as many windows from which you could enjoy the views outside. On the bright side, United is planning a major upgrade for Terminal 7 and 8 at LAX."
"Excellent United Airlines flight between Chicago and Tokyo-Narita on October 26. Very professional, polite and friendly flight attendants who were attentive to us, since we travelled with a small baby. Excellent vegetarian meals. The entertainment system didn't failed in the middle of the flight."
"Excellent flights from San Francisco to Sao Paulo via Chicago and back. All flights on-time. Crew were friendly and attentive. Food was edible. Seat back in-flight entertainment was extensive. This was my fifth long-distance international flight with United this year, and I haven't had a single delay or problem on any of them. I think some people have unrealistic or outdated expectations of what air travel is like these days. United fulfilled all my expectations."
"Flight from BQN to EWR was nothing out of the ordinary but it was comfortable and uneventful, even if it was a red-eye I would've liked some sort of refreshment or meal offered for free for a 4 hour flight. Or at least entertainment options. Flight from EWR to PVG a pleasure, flight on time, ground staff welcoming and helpful. Cabin crew was always willing to serve. Free beer that made the trip easier, also United has a 3 course meal for international long haul flights. IFE had a big selection (and the complete 007 film library as something special for October)."
"Flew to Vancouver September 14, 2015 to visit my family. As I travel quite a bit I was impressed with the service and the friendly manner of the Flight Attendants. My return flight (September 21st) was one of the best flights I have had in many years. From the moment I stepped on the plane I was greeted by friendly staff who were joking with the passengers and eager to help those with their luggage. Even one of the pilots stood by the entrance for a few minutes to welcome boarders. Service was terrific and we were updated regularly on our schedule, route and time-lines. When de-planning once again the staff were helpful and friendly."
"We flew United Airlines to Honolulu from Heathrow via LAX (connecting flights 2 hours apart), later from Honolulu to Seattle via San Francisco (connecting flights 2 hours apart), later San Francisco to London Heathrow via Chicago (connecting flights 1 hr. 24 hours apart). It was our first time with United Airlines. Every flight was on time, connections easy due to the helpfulness of ground staff. During the flights the attendants were helpful and friendly. The food was so-so but we don't expect gourmet on planes. Due to the duration of some flights we had upgraded to Economy Plus seats, a must for longer journeys, and we had gone online to select our seats as soon as we received booking confirmation - go for the exit seats within your booking class of seat for 2-3 times the leg room of others in the same class. I have seen complaints from somebody who turned up at check-in and expected to get four seats together for his family and complained when they weren't available. Do it online to avoid problems. I sympathize with people who have had bad experiences, most of which are totally unacceptable, but felt that we saw a different side to report and show it is not all negative. We have no ties to, or preference for, United Airlines or any other airline, and hope our 'luck' continues regardless of who we fly with. To those who have suffered, may your future journeys be as trouble free as ours was."
"Dublin to Kona via San Francisco with United Airlines. We had six flights and they were all on time with no hassle. Check in staff were efficient, planes were comfortable and clean, the food was airline food so I would suggest bring your own food. Cabin crew were efficient - not very friendly but they got the work done. All flights were full and they offered to take cabin bags free of charge in the hold, despite Cabin Crew telling passengers to stow large bags overhead and small bags under seats - people just do not listen. I would fly with United again."
"United Airlines from London to Orlando via Houston, and it was fantastic. Our flight was on time both flights, plane comfortable, food nice, entertainment the best we've had. We will fly again with United."
"YYZ-IAH-LAS On United Airlines in First class. CRJ-700 on first leg with excellent attentive service and dinner flight on a Boeing 757 on 2nd leg out of Houston. The dinner was surprisingly excellent (thai chicken) and service was superb. Hopped to Reno on Southwest which is the only direct carrier from LAS and is fine for a short haul. Returned RNO-DEN-LAS again on United and was again amazed at service on both flights. Dinner flight (Buffalo Chicken Sandwich) from DEN not as good as out of IAH but better than average and better than I remember Air Canada dishing out domestically."
"FRA-ORD was the return leg of an ORD-FRA flight 11 days earlier that had to turn back to Chicago due to failure of a navigation component. United staff handled the situation efficiently, arranging a hotel for the night, meals, etc, then put on a flight the next day. On the return flight we had the same flight attendants and shared smiles and recognition. Both flights had good service, no hassles. All-in-all, kudos to United for taking good care of us."
"We flew United for our honeymoon on the flight 1693 to Hawaii through LAX. We booked our seats way in advance, but when we checked in our boarding passes had completely different seats far away from each other. We were very upset. We asked for help on of the flight attendants. She immedietly looked at the seating chart and assured us she would fix that. Within 6-10 min we were sitting together. She vas very nice and all the staff were friendly, we got free snacks and a bottle of wine. We had a great start of our honeymoon thanks to them!"
"Sydney to Sioux Falls via San Francisco and Denver, excellent flights. Check in in SYD was a breeze with a very helpful ground staff. Seats in Y were comfortable enough aided by the fact the plane was only about a third full so everyone had a chance to spread out. The international leg had attentive crews with plenty of water runs. Food (lunch and breakfast) was more than passable. We were aware they had stopped supplying a mid flight snack so had taken our own. IFE was good with plenty of movies and TV shows. The Denver flight was 100% full and as usual the vast majority of pax had ignored the carry on rules. The FAs did their best to accommodate everyone and I don't think any gate checking was necessary. United really need to bite the bullet and enforce their carryon rules either at the gate or in the airbridge to make their domestic flights a little more comfortable. The crew did a good job supplying drinks and BoB snacks after take off despite a rather turbulent trip. The short last leg went without a hitch and arrived at our destination early. All in all no complaints. Have been flying this route with UA for a decade on a regular basis and have never had any real problems."
"I didn't have high hopes for United Airlines as I am aware of their bad reputation, but this was a better experience than I expected. Their domestic flights aren't the best and I would expect a full service airline to offer at least a small snack on a 4 hour flight. The legroom is also quite cramped. I had no issues with service as the attendants were friendly and efficient. I had a 15 hour flight from LA to melbourne on a new Boeing 787, which was very clean, seats were comfortable, food was ok, portions were a little small however. Toilets were clean, attendants were friendly and offered water throughout and were quite chatty with customers. My suitcase arrived in one piece. I would be happy to fly them again, however there is room for improvement on domestic flights"
"Flew United Airlines from Newark to Barcelona on a Boeing 767-400 and had a very nice flight. Boarding was from gate 120 at EWR which is in the newest wing of the UA terminal which is quite spacious and was by done by group number. Onboard I was in 3D which is a single middle seat, as it is a 2-1-2 configuration. Our amenity kit, which by Cowshed, was on the shelf in front of my seat - a very nice kit. Offered a pre-departure drink and had my coat hung. Menus handed out and newspapers offered. There were four entree choices including short ribs, Amazon cod, pasta and chicken. I chose the cod which was delicious and perfectly prepared. Dinner preceded by drinks with warm nuts, an appetizer (smoked salmon), and a salad with a choice of dressings each served as a separate course. Dinner was then followed by a cheese chart first with port then ice cream sundaes. The service was very good. My champagne glass was filled 3 times without even looking up and the label was shown to me. Being in the middle, I had 2 different flight attendants fawning all over me. I slept well as it was a flat bed seat. We were asked if we wanted to be woken up for breakfast. I said yes so about an hour before landing the lights came on and breakfast was served. It was quite good with fresh fruit, yogurt, granola and pastries. We left on time and arrived early. I couldn't have asked for a nicer flight!"
"This is my second time flying with United from the East Coast to LAX, and I was very satisfied with my experience both times. The planes are clean and modern, and the flight attendants attend to guests in economy seating the same way they attend to guests in first class. I also flew with my puppy the second time via their PetSafe program, and all the folks I was in contact with were very accommodating. I will definitely be flying United for future trips."
"I have read many reviews on United Airlines, many not too favourable. However I flew with United Airlines from Boston to San Francisco. My experience was excellent, on time and the cabin crew were first rate, plane was very clean. Only one small problem, my wife's luggage was offloaded to another flight which arrives about one hour later, no big deal."
"San Francisco to New York JFK on United Airlines p.s. service. In contrast to my last flight with United 2 weeks ago, this flight was superb. The check-in was nice, and the lounge wasn't that busy. Boarding was on time and we departed early! For a 5 hour flight, the seats were quite nice as they are the same on long-haul routes. Plus, they were the new business first seats. Service was nice and attentive, a rare treat at US airlines. Would definitely fly United's P.S. service again."
"I normally rant about my United Airlines flight experiences, but my flight from Newark to West Palm Beach was superb, and it was in coach. In row 38, which is second to last row on the plane. It was a new Boeing 737-800 with a sky interior. Spacious, light and modern. The economy seat was comfortable, service good and great food options were well presented. The onboard Internet worked really well. If United Airlines could replicate this experience across the whole fleet it would be awesome!"
"United Airlines for some reason unknown cancelled our flight months before departure from ORD to FLL. As a result we we're re-routed west through DEN and then IAH to get to Florida, not thrilled! Flight from Winnipeg had the new seats on the CRJ, seriously uncomfortable. Not sure why from DEN-IAH we had a Boeing 787-800, lovely experience in economy comfort. Great AVOD, I believe the inbound flight was NRT-DEN, so definitely a plane designed for international routes, but it was fun to be on for this short flight. Great mood lighting, cool windows, nice and quiet. 737-900 from IAH-FLL was newer inside too. Flight attendants in decent mood, all on time, all went well. No complaints, have had issues with United in the past. Maybe turning the corner?"
"Minneapolis to Chicago on an Embraer 170, and the seats were very comfortable for an economy based seat. The plane was operated by United Express. The flight crew seemed very efficient. Due to my leg, I was helped down the plane steps by the captain of the plane."
"Domestic flight from LAS to IAD on United Airlines Boeing 737-800, seating comfort low, seas are very close. Very reduced service as on US domestic flights and only drinks free of charge. Flight was on time and in order. From IAD to ZRH on Boeing 767-300, comfort was again not very good, only a little legroom and the man behind me was slightly larger, so pushed the whole flight with his knees into my seat, which was very annoying. The IFE system was very good and the movies not bad. The pillows and blankets were of simple quality . The food was not very good and also very little. The staff on board were excellent and very friendly and accommodating."
"United Airlines new ERJ-175 is a great plane. Plenty of room, very good seats and on their Houston to Atlanta route, great service. All seats up front have power. Restrooms at the front and rear of the aircraft. Overhead storage is also a great improvement. Not only can you put your back pack or brief case up top but also carry on baggage that we use to have to gate check. Great job."
"A fine flight today with United Airlines from London Heathrow to Newark. Check-in and boarding were efficient. We battled headwinds across the Atlantic but still managed to arrive fifteen minutes ahead of schedule. I had row 7 (the emergency door exit) all to myself, which makes any flight pleasant. The cabin crew was attentive, the lunch service was satisfactory, and the inflight entertainment worked well. I would like to see United Airlines put sparkling wine back on the menu, at least available for purchase. If European low cost airlines can manage to offer this option, certainly United Airlines could too."
"A reasonable overall experience on this flight from Chicago to Los Angeles with United Airlines. In ORD the priority lanes at the TSA checkpoint were not clearly signposted. The United Club was over-crowded and pretty basic. The flight was delayed due to late arrival of the inbound aircraft from MCO. Boarding was quick and efficient and pre-departure drinks were offered. The cabin crew were really friendly and attentive and offered excellent inflight service. The seat was comfortable and a standard domestic first class product. Food and beverage service was good and regular refills were offered. IFE was DirecTV which offered a varied selection of live TV and recorded movies. Although the aircraft was equipped for Wi-fi the system was not working on this flight. Baggage delivery in LAX took ages!"
"I have had 2 excellent flights on United Airlines between Cleveland and Edinburgh via Newark. The food and beverages were excellent and served by pleasant attendants. When I expressed my surprise at the number of drinks and snacks served, I was told that United Airlines had just increased this service one month ago. The premium economy seats had plenty of legroom. The seats were wide enough for me but not as wide as on Lufthansa or Swiss."
"My first experience with United Airlines, travelling from Washington to San Francisco on a Boeing 737-900ER. The seat pitch is good but you can't really recline too much with those thin economy seats. There is no entertainment system on the plane which is a pity. There were foods and beverages for purchase only."
"Missed my United Airlines flight from Washington to Raleigh Durham, Air France was late arriving in IAD. Although I had to stand in line for about 1 hr 45 min to get another ticket issued I have to compliment the agent who listened to everyone complaining. I smiled and she smiled back and my ticket was re issued without question for the next flight to RDU. United flight left and arrived on time. Inflight service was limited to hot coffee for me and it was most welcome. Crew were professional, polite and efficient. Seat was comfortable with ample leg room. No complaints, great flight will ride United Airlines again."
"I flew United Airlines from LHR to MCO via IAH in Economy Plus, on their Boeing 787-8. United Airlines Economy Plus product is simply the economy class seat but with an additional 3 or so inches of leg room. The economy plus product is only worth buying if you want that extra room but in my opinion I don't believe there's much difference between that and the economy product. I flew economy back and didn't really find it much different. My wife, son and I are all average height and weight so don't require any extra leg room. The main problem is that the seat is far too thin and as such doesn't provide much support. I know this is a design improvement to lower the weight of the aircraft, but it doesn't help your back on those long flights - LHR to IAH is 10 hours or so. I normally fly business class for work for transatlantic flights (SFO and JFK) around four or five times a year on BA's 747-400 or Virgin's A346 or 747-400 and flying the 787-8 is by far the best craft I've been on. I felt the freshest and the least dehydrated on this craft. In summary, I don't think economy plus is worth the upgrade cost but if you have an extra $150 dollars or so then go for it."
"Quick trip to San Francisco from PHX with United Airlines. Upgraded to First with status. The regional jet was brilliant. Large overhead bins - no gate checking carry-on bags, Beverages and packaged snacks both directions. Friendly and engaged flight attendants on both flights."
"We flew United Airlines for the first time using our Air Canada Aeroplan miles. Both segments of our flight from Vancouver to Honolulu were excellent, aircraft were clean and the service was better than other reviews of this airline. I was most impressed with one female flight attendant that had two passangers (a couple) remove their luggage from the front of the premium economy overhead compartment walking further back in the aircraft where they were seated. This has become common practice such that they can simply grab their carryon luggage without carrying it from the back of the aircraft. Surrounding passangers raised a bravo to that flight attendent. The crew on both flights were excellent. We did not have to pay for pillow, blanket and headsets. Perhaps they were included in our Premium economy seating. Our seats were very good with good leg room - Row 17 Window and Aisle. We were very impressed with the safety presentation. Grabs your attention. Well done United. Overall we were most impressed and will certainly consider flying to Hawaii next year with United Airlines."
"We were very pleased with United Airlines on our trip from Houston to Rio de Janeiro. Check-in and boarding at both airports in Houston and Rio de Janeiro were very quick. The inflight experience for both legs of my trip were great. The Boeing 787 is a newer aircraft with mood lighting, and auto-tinting windows (no shades). The in flight crew on both flights were very pleasant and I felt very well taken care of. Lots of entertainment options, and the food was very tasty."
"I've been flying United Airlines for most of my transatlantic flights from Paris to Dallas via Newark. The counters at CDG were all empty, which was a big surprise and confused me because I was desperately looking for the line. Airport staff was nice. On my flight from Paris to Newark, I was on a 757-200. It's always strange to cross the Atlantic on a single-aisle jet but the flight was very pleasant, the flight attendants were nice. The Inflight Entertainment included seatback screens that worked perfectly, aswell as onboard WiFi and Media Server. The WiFi was sadly not working, which is a pity. The food was okay, I mean, it's airline food, and it was average. The seats were old, and so, fairly comfortable compared to the new seats that seem to get thinner and thinner. Newark Hub is decent. Just wish I didn't have to use my credit card to get some WiFi. My flight from Newark to Dallas was on a 737-800. Wasn't as good as the previous one, but it's a regional flight. I think paying 4$ for a small can of Pringles is nuts. There was seatback screens (DirectTV) and the WiFi and Media Server were working fine. The cost of the WiFi was okay. The seats were modern and comfortable enough. Flights attendants were nice. Then it was the usual business at Dallas airport waiting half an hour to get our luggages. But I'm used to it now."
"I was satisfied with United Airlines on Kansai to Guam flight. The staff was very friendly. We've got a free upgrade to Economy Plus where we had more space. Boeing 737 was in good shape. The food was not so good, though."
"The first leg out of Buffalo was rather enjoyable, the plane was clean and rather new. However, United Airlines new \"slimline\" seating wasn't pleasant, but EconomyPlus made up for it. Service was basic, with complimentary beverages. Entertainment was DirecTV, but it was useless on an hour flight. The plane arrives early to O'Hare. The United Club at C Terminal was okay, offering decent food and WiFi. The 737-700 to Bozeman was not what I had in mind. It wasn't very clean and had some trash in the seat pockets. The cloth seats didn't help either. But EconomyPlus at the bulkhead offered extra comfort, and the DirecTV was enjoyable, however movies weren't on-demand. The flight arrived on-time to Bozeman with a gorgeous approach. My bag was the first one at the claim, and I ended up enjoying my experience with United Airlines and couldn't wait to explore Yellowstone and Grant Teton National Parks."
"I was a little bit concerned of booking on UA after reading some of the reviews. No reason for concern, however. Took a flight from Amsterdam to Houston with a connection to Salt Lake City. Flew back from San Diego to Houston with connection to Amsterdam. Legroom on the domestic US flights a bit limited but no complaints while flying over the Atlantic. Had an almost two hour delay on the flight from Houston to Amsterdam of which we where informed already quite early and about which we received several updates. Made up some of the time during the flight. Cabin staff were friendly and catered to all of our needs with no exception. Food and drinks in adequate quantity. Quality not different from what I have experienced with most other airlines. This was the first time I flew with United and I have no reason not to fly with them again."
"First flight Manchester to Philadelphia was super, plenty of seat space and all family seated together, cabin crew attentive supplying complimentary drinks and food. Entertainment was great, TV in back of seat with multiple options for TV, movies or music, plenty to keep the kids occupied during a 7+ hour flight and airline provided ear buds. Philadelphia to San Francisco there was no entertainment (6+ hour flight), complimentary drinks and snacks, cabin space was ok. Given no entertainment, this flight seemed longer than expected."
"This was my first flight travelling with United to Europe and surprisingly, everything went smoothly. Our flight only departed 30 minutes late but that's normal for Newark and we arrived on time into Frankfurt. The aircraft was clean and the flight attendants were friendly and spoke multiple languages. I didn't eat the food but the choice of dinner on this route was between pasta and chicken. We were also given a snacks and drinks after takeoff and before landing. The inflight entertainment was also really good. There was a wide range of movies, shows, games, and music. The seats on the other hand weren't comfortable for sleeping and somehow, mine wasn't able to stay reclined. I'm 5' 3\" so I can't complain about the legroom. My only issue would be at check in, the workers appeared to be miserable. I prefer European airlines over any American airline, but if the fare is right, I'll fly United again."
"Same aircraft all the way even though we changed in SFO. Fairly new Boeing 737/900 so was in very good condition. Late leaving LAS due to a computer fault on the aircraft so time in SFO for connection short. Very short first leg so only snack offered which was adequate. Made connection to Hawaii as did our bags so that was good flight from SFO to KOA uneventful food OK as was IFE arrived slightly early. No moans."
"Flight departed early KOA and arrived early in SFO but advantage lost as our gate was occupied so spent ages on the taxiway. Flight was good, crew friendly enough, food was the worst of this trip. A cheese burger that looked and tasted as if it had been in the oven for days. Everything else was ok."
"Old jumbo but in very good condition, seat 16A fantastic on top deck. IFE great, food superb, crew friendly and attentive and we arrived at Heathrow early. Couldn't have asked for more."
"Aircraft was a little old and tired but everything worked. Crew friendly enough food average. Aircraft departed and arrived on time along with the bags. Extra room in first class appreciated so no moans."
"This was my first long-haul transatlantic flight and what can I say. Very happy with the flight. The check-in was quick and didn't require queueing for too long. We were onboard and taxiing for take-off in no time. The flight attendants were smiley and happy to help. Food was basic but enjoyable, a choice of chicken or beef. The in-flight entertainment system was a tad dated but had all the up-to-date films and TV shows. Free earphones were handed out at the start of both flights. Unfortunately as we did not book our seats, we were left with the row in front of the exit row which meant we could not recline at all so next time I would reserve them. Having said this, on our return flight, we were in row 40 (right at the back) and the recline was perfect and we didn't have anyone behind us. Taxiing after landing at Newark took a while (no fault of United) and disembarking was a little bit lengthy. Due to the plane being a narrow body (3-3 layout) it made the flight feel a bit cramped, however, as there were 3 of us travelling together, it meant we could all sit together. Overall, a great transatlantic service with United. Would fly with them any day of the week."
"Great flight in seat 6K, aircraft quite old but in good overall condition, departed on time from Heathrow, arrived early in Chicago. Service on board was excellent as was the inflight entertainment, food pretty good too. Cabin crew friendly enough and luggage arrived ok so I'm very happy with United."
"After our booked flight on 9th August was cancelled by United about 6 hours before we were due to fly and then being passed from pillar to post by the there customer service department, I was not looking forward to flying out the next day. However, the flight itself was one of the best I have been on. We were moved to the Economy Plus cabin by the excellent staff at Newcastle airport and this made a huge difference. The leg room was good and this made for a very comfortable experience. The staff on the flight itself were friendly and approachable."
"I found all the staff I interacted with friendly and professional, the aircraft was clean, the food was fine but not enough. The seats were a nice size. I had never flown with United before and was pleasantly surprised. Although I was sat next to morbidly overweight people on both my flights the seats were big enough that the people next to me did not squeeze onto my seat like they usually do on Virgin flights which I liked. I was late getting to the gate (very much my fault) and the initial employee I spoke to was rude and short with me and refused to even see if I could make it to the flight even though my baggage was still on board and the food was not yet delivered to the plane, she told me \"no, you aren't getting on the flight\" and refused to even see if it was a possibility. Thank goodness for the other lady who phoned someone, told me I was fine to get on the plane because they were waiting for the food and my luggage was still aboard, and sent me through. I slept most of the flight to the UK. The touch screen with my seat on the way back to the USA was really finicky which was a bit annoying, I liked the selection of movies and that they played as soon as I was sat in my seat rather than waiting till after take off for them to work. I bought duty free stuff inflight and the staff that helped me were friendly and helpful. I would recommend this airline and will use it again."
"Round trip Newark to Rome on an updated Boeing 767. Coach seats very comfortable. IFE was good, on demand movies, tv. Meals were edible, which is all I have come to hope for. Flights on time and bags arrived with us. Only issue was the surly treatment from almost all the flight attendants. Don't know why they hate their customers so much. I fly with United Airlines often, but they either need to lose the \"friendly skies\" tag line or, better yet, train their crew in the basics of good customer service."
"It's unfortunate nowadays that people only ever seem motivated to write if they have a 'bad experience'. I have flown with UA pretty regularly from Australia to East coast USA and have had no real issues. The 787 is a great plane, the crew on these flights are experienced and efficient and the food is generally on a par with competitive airlines. As a business traveller though punctuality is extremely important and this is where UA has excelled. In my past five trips I have been delayed only once and this delay was handled very professionally. I have no issues with UA."
"Excellent service in PS. Seats were comfortable. Entertainment system was the best I have seen, and wish it were available on all United flights. Ground crew at JFK and LAX were courteous, professional."
"A very enjoyable flight in Business Class from YVR to SFO. We had priority check in, which was great as the economy queues were really long, thus we were given much more time to spend in YVR airport. However, I was a bit disappointed that Business Class passengers didn't have a priority security check lane in YVR. The seats were wide and legroom was great for a 2.5 hour flight. We were served a pre-takeoff drink and then a two course meal, which consisted of mushroom soup and a beef salad/egg chicken sandwich. The cabin crew were friendly and I couldn't really ask for more on this flight. We had Personal TV's on the flight and a wide range of newly-released movies. Wifi was available but I did not use it. We had 4 checked bags and they were one of the first to come out due to priority baggage, and helped us make use of our limited amount of time in San Francisco. I will definitely fly this route again on Business Class with United."
"UA is raking in the profits but that was certainly not noticeable on this old A320 service from New York to Denver. The plane is old. The First Class seats are tired. Service is exhausting. On this flight they had 1 flight attendant for 12 pax! The problem that I have with UA is that they are so inconsistent with their product and service range. On a positive note - I do have to say that my meal was quite good."
"I do like the new 737-900ER planes that UA is introducing into their fleet. The windows are bigger, the cabin feels roomier. The first class seats are comfortable although nothing out of the extraordinary. Although it was a short flight, there was no meal offered, other than a quick snack. Service was ok!"
"We booked United as the price was by far the cheapest. I was really worried due to negative reviews. In the last fortnight we have taken 4 United flights and the only fault was that one had faulty TVs for all the party - but we always go well prepared so no real issue. All staff were very friendly even remembering your choice of drink which is quite something on a flight with hundreds. Entertainment system fabulous. Food typical airline stuff. No delays. We only had a 45 min gap between 2 flights but still had plenty time. Don't understand the negative reviews."
"Check-in at Boston went smoothly and the plane boarded on time. I enjoyed using the free personal device entertainment United offers on their Airbus aircraft. While waiting at Newark Liberty for my next flight to Chicago, I was notified two hours before take off that my plane would be delayed and I would miss my final flight to Appleton. I was quickly placed on stand-by for another flight to Chicago, but soon realized I would not be able to get on that flight, as others were trying to fly stand-by as well. I had to take my original flight, which was delayed three hours, due to the fact that the aircraft was coming from Dallas and was delayed due to storms. I missed my original flight to Appleton, so was booked on a later one. In all, I spent about 15 hours on planes and in airports. It was a long day, but except for one customer service representative at Newark, who acted as if I was an inconvenience, every other United employee I dealt with was kind and helpful."
"I arrived at the airport too early and had to wait to check in. This was my fault. The lounge was great and I was able to have a nice breakfast. The flight attendants were fine, the seat was comfortable and the lunch, I had the beef, was excellent. I woke up after a quick nap and the fasten seatbelt sign was on and stayed on for the last six hours of the flight. The arrival snack was rather disappointing, a piece of bread with tomato sauce and some fruit. Thirty minutes before landing, the pilot finally came on and said, the fasten seatbelt sign is on and prepare for landing."
"Service, seats, leg room and entertainment was excellent. I read all reviews prior to travel and my family and I were nervous. I will go as far to say it had more leg room than Singapore Airlines. Flight UA804 met and exceeded expectations. Now onto New York from Tokyo."
"First leg from Harrisburg to O'Hare was delayed by 2 hours due to weather, causing me to miss my connection in Chicago. Total door-to-door travel time for this flight was about 14 hours. All staff was courteous, pleasant and efficient. WiFi entertainment system that streams TV and movies over tablets worked well, and provided lots of options. No problem finding my flights. The planes are so packed (this is industry wide, not just United) there's no flexibility in the system for weather delays. This also makes them uncomfortable. When I got annoyed enough that I tried three times to upgrade to Premium Economy hoping to score an empty center seat, United's App steadfastly refused to take my money, so I stayed wedged back in the back of the plane. Would I recommend United? Yes. They're no worse than any other carrier. The benefit of United though, is you can get their service at more locations than just about any other airline. Using the smaller, regional airports like Harrisburg saves a lot of airport headaches - that's what gives United the leg up over other carriers for me."
"A surprisingly pleasant trip. Cabin service was very good and food was good as well. Seats were very comfortable with a nice selection movies available. The internet worked well, reasonably fast and did not lose signal the entire trip. We had seats 16J/K on the upper deck and it was very private and quiet up there."
"Previously we flew United to the US in August 2015 - Sydney to SFO, SFO to LAX, then LVG to Sydney via SFO. No problems, no delays, no cancellations. This past May we flew again to the US with United. I have to admit that this time I was concerned as I had read many bad reviews about the airline. We had also requested upgrades on all flights to Business First and had been approved on our outward and return flights. Then my fears were realised when one hour after checking in online for our flight to SFO I received an email informing me the flight had been cancelled due to the inability to find a crew to fly the plane from SFO to Sydney. After a frantic call to United we were put on the LAX flight which left 2 hours earlier the next day. Of course we lost our upgrade but the customer service rep was good enough to put us in Economy Plus at no charge. Again my fears came back when we were at the airport to be informed that the flight was delayed due to the inbound flight being delayed at LAX. However that said the pilot was able to make up time in the air and we actually landed early in LAX and easily made our connecting flight to New York. This was the only problem we encountered with United on this trip."
"Onboard UA 113, MUC-IAD. Full disclosure - I am a UA Gold Elite, I want UA to succeed. I made a last-minute change to my reservation. This occasioned a major problem that wasn't picked up until after I had arrived at the Lufthansa Senator Lounge. It took LH staff over 30 minutes to resolve, but in the end, I am sitting comfortably onboard. Boarding was efficient and smooth, and my seat (exit row 28L) is perfect. We pushed back 5 minutes ahead of schedule. The cabin crew have been particularly attentive, efficient, and friendly. Beverage and meal service were quick. My only complaint is with the new economy drink and meal service. Although the inflight menu continues to list sparkling wine as available for purchase, the reality is that in economy, champagne is not to be had for love nor money. This is a discrepancy that should be resolved, either by changing the information in the inflight magazine, or preferably, by restoring this purchase option. In any event, I will continue to fly and enjoy United Airlines."
"5/6/15, DEN-GRR, A320, First Class, seat 1F. Was meant to be an AA with BA Avios points, flight however it was delayed and would have meant missing a connecting flight so was put onto this direct flight. Seat was very comfortable with plenty of width and legroom. No Pre departure drink offered and crew were not that friendly, though attentive, chewing gum the whole time which I think looks very unprofessional. Drinks topped up regularly through the flight. Meal was excellent also. No entertainment was provided. Arrived on time."
"United recently revamped their Economy food and beverage service on international flights. As much as I've ripped on United for flights to and from Japan (especially compared to their codeshare partner, ANA), the new system is a definite improvement. Beer and wine are once again complimentary (finally!), and the meal is doled out in three smaller \"courses\" instead of being dumped on your tiny tray table in one go. The food itself (cheese ravioli) wasn't bad at all, again much improved from my last trans-Pacific last year. It's a US airline, so you still have to deal with the occasional long-tenured yet disgruntled flight attendant, but overall I didn't hate the experience, which is saying a lot for a 12 hour flight in Economy on any airline. This review sounds kind of mediocre, but the thing is, the flight was also very cheap. With that in mind, the cost performance was impressive."
"Flew TPA-IAD-LHR on 1 June, the first day of United's new enhanced economy transatlantic product. The flight from Tampa to Washington was a delight - friendly crew and punctual departure and arrival. Boarding on 918 was completed 15 minutes before scheduled departure, and then we waited. Weather in the DC area delayed us 3 hours, the captain kept us informed and the crew distributed water and snacks. UA lived up to its promise - beer and wine were complimentary. Lamentably for me, sparkling wine which used to be available for purchase, was not to be had for love or money in economy. The new chef-inspired meals left me unimpressed."
"I flew with United from Chicago to TPA and enjoyed the flight. On time departure and arrival. Seats had decent legroom. The crew were wonderful and polite, wifi was fine, but the DIRECT TV was too pricey for $7.99. There were power outlets on my plane. Overall a good experience. I will definitely fly United rather than American."
"EWR-TLV on a 772. Left on time, seat pitch limited, interiors were not brand new but not worn out either. Service was good and so were the meals, an improvement from my previous flights with United. IFE was very good, with an exception for a small screen. Overall a goof experience worth the money."
"Flight from Washington DC to Rome and return flight Rome to Newark: The flight attendants were absolutely fantastic. The food on the flight from D.C. to Rome was a little better than the return flight but the food was more than acceptable. The seats were comfortable and a luxury to be able to stretch out and relax. The entertainment was great. There were many TV programs and movies to pick from for everyone's taste. Boarding and disembarkation was a breeze. Our baggage was on time."
"Flex regular economy on LAX-IAD-LAX coast-to-coast on B737-800 on redeye outbound then B737-900 on return. Entertainment system on B737-800 only has pay-for Direct TV but was redeye so didn't matter anyway. Only achieved reasonable sleep thanks to Tylenol PM. They provided blankets. On return flight plain jane seat but service was prompt and plenty of free soda provided. A step up from Southwest but that's about it."
"On April 20th we flew from HNL-LAX the flight left around noon. From the beginning there was a noticeable lack of service at the airport a very casual approach to almost being a big yawn. We boarded a very crowded old Boeing 757 it was scruffy dirty and the flight crew even scruffier. We had paid for Economy Plus and a bulkhead all added extra's happy to pay when the service is provided in this case the seats were so narrow it was hideous the galley to our right was occupied most of time by a flight attendant who was more interested in himself than anything else the rest of the crew appeared very uninterested even the First Class crew could not smile. The continual line for the restrooms required us to keep moving our legs never again. We were showered in ice cubes from the galley twice I ordered a cocktail to help keep me calm $14 AUD for a drink such a rip off it was basically thrown at me. What has happened to United? We vowed never to fly with them again now here comes the kicker we had a return from LAX-HNL in late May a 777-200 lovely aircraft two roomy seats on the side in Economy Plus and some of the most charming flight crew I have met. I talking an older crew they offered superb service with a smile I told them they had restored my faith in United for which I received great thanks and was told they were called the originals. Flights on time and the return cocktail were much less expensive."
"This was my first time to fly Domestic First Class on United Airlines. My first thoughts were how the cabin service reminded me of what economy class once was when I flew as a teenager in the late 1970's. This trip was from SEA to ORD to IND and back. Zone 1 boarding: Great! Initial cabin greeting was pleasant and prompt. Seat comfort good. Seat pitch a bit tight. Drink and snack service: very good. Flight Attendants: If I ran my own airline I would hire each attendant that I encountered on this trip. Meal service was good no complaints. Inflight entertainment: On the outbound trip there seemed to be a good selection that I could watch no charge on my own device. Connectivity needs to be simplified! On the return part of my trip the equipment was Inop. This is the second US carrier that I've encountered with Inop inflight equipment. United you need to spend more time making sure your equipment works. \"Just Good Enough\" is not good enough!"
"Terrible service provided by the flight attendant. Unfortunately I had fallen asleep when the drinks were being served and when I asked the flight attendant for water she just kept on walking. I pushed the call button and as she was serving the water she sarcastically asked whether there was an emergency to which I responded that I felt almost dehydrated and her unbelievably rude answer was that I could have got up to get the water myself. It's bad enough that the airline doesn't serve any food at no charge anymore but to top it off their in-flight service has got much worse. I didn't pay $60 for this international flight it was much more!"
"Just returned from a round trip from London to Washington then New York San Francisco and finally Cancun and return. We experienced no problems at all. All flights on time good seat width and legroom food good and friendly staff. On some of the flights there was no inflight entertainment but it wasn't really a problem."
"UA 895 4/11/15 UA 99 5/2/15. In my job I average 175k miles of travel a year primarily with UA and their Star Alliance partners. As a 1K I enjoy personalized attention with UA such as automatic rebooking on cancelled flights or missed connections. I fly coach but with my status I frequently get upgrades domestically. Although I'm qualified for 6 global upgades a year that hasn't happened since 2010 when both my wife and SIL received Business Class seats MUC-ORD (prior to the merger with Continental). Unfortunate but could be a sign of the health of the economy that those seats are being purchased. At any rate I am very happy with the service I get from UA and even though I live near ORD I have had very few cancellations or delays of significance flying in or out of Chicago. Prices are competitive and schedules are great making it very easy to co-ordinate travel to Asia or Europe. While I fly Delta and SkyTeam partners occasionally I will fly UA and partners if at all possible. Most recent travel was 747-400 ORD-HKG outbound to Taiwan and MEL-LAX (787-9) and LAX-ORD (757) homebound."
"We recently flew the Dreamliner from Melbourne to LA with 3 of our sons. We have flown United before on the old 747's. the Dreamliner is just beautiful great inflight entertainment larger windows which you can control making it darker with the touch of a button very friendly and happy staff always makes the 14 hour flight a lot more pleasant. The food was really good and the beverages were a good selection not too sure about paying for a beer when most other international airlines include that in the fare. Overall very happy to fly United for our family holiday's to America no delays whatsoever which is always great look forward to the next plane trip with United."
"Five of us flew from Palm Springs CA to Philadelphia PA. Our flight was cancelled due to weather in our connecting city so we had to stay over an extra day but United was helpful and upgraded us to premium economy. We had a great flight friendly flight attendants and got a great deal on ticket prices. I would recommend United Airlines."
"I have grown to despise flying after an early love affair with travel in the early 80's. That said the flight I was on from Dublin IR to IAD on a United 757 was excellent. We were in premium economy which made a huge difference on a 7+ hour flight. We had two hot meals (full + snack) three full beverage services and at least 3 or 4 juice/water services. I was dreading a narrow body long haul flight but United did it right. A most pleasant surprise in this age of travel misery."
"While traveling to Christchurch N.Z from Richland WA. on Flight 833 April 23rd we learned there were gale force winds and rain of up to 55 miles an hour around Sydney Australia. We were forced to travel on to Melbourne where we waited on the tarmac for 2 hours until we knew whether we could disembark. It turned out that we did all go into the airport and then were given lunch vouchers. We waited 3-4 hours and then got back on our plane bound for Sydney. I checked to see if I could catch a flight from Melbourne to Christchurch but was told by a UA attendant that there were no more flights to Christchurch from Melbourne I was given a motel voucher for a night's stay and continued on to Christchurtch via NZ Airlines the next day. All in all everything was handled well flight attendants gave extra cookies we were updated frequently about what was to transpire and I think all the passengers were happy that our safety was the most important thing to the crew."
"SAN-ORD-BRU AMS-IAH-SAN in economy plus. Flights on time service friendly and professional food decent IFE good planes clean and in good order and baggage arrived with me. United even e-mailed to inform me of a 24 hour transportation strike upon my arrival in Brussels with an offer to change my trip with no fee. Nice but wasn't necessary. No complaints."
"SAN-ORD-BRU AMS-IAH-SAN in economy plus. Flights on time service friendly and professional food decent IFE good planes clean and in good order and baggage arrived with me. United even e-mailed to inform me of a 24 hour transportation strike upon my arrival in Brussels with an offer to change my trip with no fee. Nice but wasn't necessary. No complaints."
"I took a trip from London out to Rio De Janeiro and from there to Sydney and back home after another stop over in Rio. My travel started on April 1st on UA 5 from London to Houston. I'm a 1k and upgraded this whole itinerary of about 48000 miles of travel from economy to business using mileage and a cash fee. All upgrades cleared in advance allowing me to select my favourite seating which on United one can do free of charge. I continue to be impressed at the level of courtesy and service in United's premium cabins. The vast majority of cabin staff gave very good attentive and professional service. Good simple food but very enjoyable and well presented. The fish dishes continue to be my personal favourite and were quite delicious. Frequent drink refills no need to ask its just given. Some really outstanding flight attendants. Some customers dislike the business class seating personally I have no problem with it. After a nice meal and plenty of snooze inducing beverages I can literally sleep for hours. The only downside in the whole trip was the closure of Houston Airport as a result of thunderstorms on 16/04/15. This could not be avoided or blamed upon the airline. End result I arrived at Rio on my way back 24 hours late. As a 1k a free phone call to a dedicated phone line got me rebooked on the next days flight keeping the upgrade. But I have to say that I did not envy the legions of poor souls who had to stand in line at Houston Airport that night to receive the same service from customer service. It seemed like hundreds of passengers waiting to see one or two agents working at 2am and it was not a pretty sight! All in all thirteen long haul flights apart from the one delayed by weather all other flights operated either on time or ahead of schedule. There are airlines out there that could not even come close to this level of punctuality. And as always my baggage appeared in the right place at the right time. United continues to provide generally very good service in my experience."
"BCN-EWR. United gets dumped on so much here I wanted to say something nice. Our trip was near-perfect. The flight was full yet the staff were friendly attentive prompt and accommodating in all ways. Very good filling and nutritious lunch plus a pre-landing hot snack. Seating in the Boeing 757-200 was spacious and comfortable. (We sat in their Economy Plus which offered plenty of leg room and I'm six feet tall.) Entertainment was plentiful and varied (I watched three recent movies I had missed in theatres) and the viewing screen was quite large enough. Overall the trip was so relaxing that we still had energy for the final two-hour leg home EWR- ORD which also was quite pleasant."
"I flew from Dulles Washington to London Heathrow on the 7th April 2014 although I was in economy it was the best flight I have experienced I usually sit at the window when I fly but this time I opted for the aisle - it does make life so much easier when flying. Anyway although I was in economy the service was first class the cabin crew were excellent its nice to be looked after by cabin crew with a genuine smile rather than a false grin. The free television on the back of the seat is also a nice addition anyway thanks united for a great trip."
"Flew EWR-AMS-EWR earlier this month. Had extra legroom in Economy Plus. Boeing 757 was very comfortable. Food was surprisingly good. Their \"Asian Vegetarian\" option was a really nice Indian curry. Soft drinks coffee and tea are complimentary and are frequently offered throughout the flight. Crew on both sectors were accommodating and very pleasant. They made quite an effort to make sure we were well fed and hydrated. I was travelling with two very young children and the crew constantly came up to our row and checked in on us. It made us feel welcomed and relaxed. Great in-flight entertainment with lots of great video on demand. Would definitely fly with United again."
"LAX to MEL on new 787-9 Dreamliner. This is the world's longest 787 route at around 15 hours so I would not even had considered flying United if they were using their old 747 with no IFE. This flight was excellent to the point I was wondering if I was actually flying United. I was in economy plus (which is not premium economy) but the extra legroom for a small surcharge really makes a big difference for such a long flight. The plane was brand new with excellent Panasonic IFE with very clear screen USB and power at every seat Wi-Fi which worked well for the entire trip good food and polite service. This was the best United flight I have ever taken and really feel they have a competitive product on this route (competing with QF A380). The only negative would be that you have to depart from the hideous terminal 7 at LAX. The return flight arrives at TBT to clear customs so think it would be much improved experience if UA international flights could depart from TBT as well."
"Travelled SYD-LAX-LAS and GCM-IAH-LAX-MEL and found the airline to be well above average. Whilst some of the aircraft are a little older the LAX-MEL leg was on the 787-8 and we were upgraded to premium economy (economy plus) for that leg - possibly the most comfortable flight I have ever been on. Flight attendants were typically very cheerful and despite the large amount of legs no complications with baggage. Food was fine entertainment on the long-haul flights was pretty good. In any respect they performed much above my expectations and don't deserve a lot of the bad rap they get on this site."
"I flew United from KIAD to DXB in economy and really liked it. I wasn't very optimistic about the airline when I read reviews on it but United surprised me with how good they were. The ticket was the cheapest I could find. I have flown on several different airlines and United served me one of the best meals I have ever had on a plane. The seats were big and comfortable since United has a good seat configuration. United uses a 3-3-3 seat configuration unlike many airlines that uses a 3-4-3 configuration on their Boeing 777's. The flight attendants were nice and helpful. The inflight entertainment was good with a lot of the latest movies and TV shows that kept me occupied the entire flight. I would recommend this airline to anyone."
"LAX to MEL on new 787-9 Dreamliner. This is the world's longest 787 route at around 15 hours so I would not even had considered flying United if they were using their old 747 with no IFE. This flight was excellent to the point I was wondering if I was actually flying United. I was in economy plus (which is not premium economy) but the extra legroom for a small surcharge really makes a big difference for such a long flight. The plane was brand new with excellent Panasonic IFE with very clear screen USB and power at every seat Wi-Fi which worked well for the entire trip good food and polite service. This was the best United flight I have ever taken and really feel they have a competitive product on this route (competing with QF A380). The only negative would be that you have to depart from the hideous terminal 7 at LAX. The return flight arrives at TBT to clear customs so think it would be much improved experience if UA international flights could depart from TBT as well."
"I flew to New Orleans from Toronto on Air Canada in business class on a cramped and ancient CRA jet which was very substandard compared to what it used to be and returned on United via Newark on a 320 Airbus which was surprisingly comfortable and superior to AC in every department and for nearly half the price than Air Canada charged for the outgoing trip. I will favour United over Air Canada in the future."
"I have taken several flights with United in the last 2 months (DEN-BOS-ORD-PHL-DEN and DEN-IAH). The online reviews are fairly awful but I have had overall decent to good experiences. All flights have arrived on time and early on a few occasions. Inflight service was overall good with smiling crews. Ground crews have also been reasonable good overall. I have found crews not based in EWR are in general a lot nicer. Inflight Internet worked well overall."
"UA1464. We flew from Palm Springs to San Francisco then from San Francisco to Calgary yesterday. Excellent flights connections and service."
"BRU-ORD-BRU. On the flight BRU-ORD the entertainment system was down so we had no entertainment at all. This was announced prior to boarding so it did not come as a bad surprise after take-off. This is not pleasant on a 9+ hours flight but United compensated us by serving all beverages for free including beers wines and liquor. After dinner the attendant even proposed to pour us a cognac without we had to asked for us. This is proper compensation and client care. The food was airplane food not great but the chicken was OK and before landing in Chicago we got a hot sandwich. On the flight ORD-BRU the entertainment system was working properly but the seatback screens on the Boeing 767 were utterly small. For dinner I ordered the pasta which was dough and something like tomato sauce not very tasty. Legroom was better than on most Asian airlines and attendants were courteous and caring. I see no reason why I should not take United again."
"GRU-EWR-LAX r.t. in BusinessFirst. Wife and I sat in center row (2-1-2 configuration) so had lots of room. I was dreading being in the first row since when I'd been in a similar configuration before people stepped over my feet all night to get to rest rooms but now the seats are \"suites\" so no problem. Very comfortable fully lie- flat seats. Food was actually pretty good. Service good. Nice array of films. We chose United for this trip due to price but were pleasantly surprised by how nice it was. Only two bags up to 70 lbs. each even in biz (some airlines allow 3) but overall we were happy. All of our flights were calm but if there was any possibility of turbulence I'd want the announcement to fasten seat belts to be audible to all even those asleep not just on video screens (as one reviewer suggested)."
"YOW-EWR-PBI on the Sunday of March Break. Both flights on time using Embraer emb-145 and brand-new Boeing 737-900er with scimitar winglets and boeing sky interior. Ground and flight crew really polite and helpful with special mention for the check-in agent at YOW for being a brilliant help. Both flights on time with good seat comfort (I am 5'11\" 160 lbs.) with the real treat being the new plane and the boeing sky interior. My only gripe was the lack of IFE on the almost 3 hour EWR-PBI leg but with a book and music it was no big deal. Would recommend United for a reliable (but not outstanding) trip quality."
"Houston to Tokyo in Business Class. Five hours before landing in Tokyo when most people are sleeping the fasten seatbelt sign came on and the following recorded announcement was made very loudly. \"Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign. Please return to your seat and fasten your seatbelt.\" I can't imagine anyone being able to sleep through the announcement. I was never able to fall asleep again during the flight. Can't United find a better way to alert passengers to the fasten seatbelt sign like a message on the television screen? Many United pilots turn on the fasten seatbelt sign when they need to use the toilet so it does come on a lot. Otherwise the food wine and entertainment were excellent and the seat made a very comfortable bed."
"R/T Portland to London Heathrow via Chicago. The outbound leg on antique 757 and 767s made me long for the good old days of air travel circa 1995. Far more comfortable than the return leg on brand new 777 and A320s. The older aircraft had wider seats and the flight from Chicago to London was less than half full so I had a full row to myself. The newer aircraft were by comparison more cramped had uncomfortable seats and were completed packed per the norm. The seat back entertainment systems were non-functional. Food was ok. Nothing special but edible. Flights were on time. Overall a satisfactory experience given that the airfare was a bargain."
"July 21st 2014 on UAL Flight 111. As a general fact I like United Airlines. I liked Continental a lot so United when acting under the Continental side is wonderful. However I got a bit more \"tulip\" and less \"globe\" on my flight from Miami to Newark. The check-in and gate agents were wonderful as usual but the flight was delayed two hours before taking off from Miami. I completely understand this but I feel that more could have been done to get on the plane sooner. I cannot complain about the seats they were comfortable and made of leather (or a similar material). However I was appaled by the lack of entertainment. To a completely literal extent the options consisted of SkyMall United's horrifically boring magazine and the one radio station I could hear which seemed to be an 80's synth station. There was no Wifi no plugs and no TVs not even one. I believe this is a remnant of United. I flew the same route on Continental in 2010 and I received sufficient television programming. If I'm flying in and out of Newark a former Continental hub I deserve Continental service. Let Chicagoans keep their United I'll keep my Continental."
"FRA to IAD in economy on February 27 2015. This was a very smooth flight all around. Boarding was clear and orderly. Dinner was very good as was the pre-landing snack while the screens were not the biggest the choice of entertainment was huge. The main differences between this flight and the tip-top level of service were the absence of warm towels and the lack of juice service during the in-between hours. Those are trivial. United offers an excellent product and the 777 is well maintained."
"Recently flew from Sydney to the US on United and a bunch of internal flights within US and returning home on United. Read a lot of negative reviews about United before I travelled so was a bit sceptical about the whole experience. I'm an average meat and three veg type of guy if I pay a beer price I don't expect to get Champagne service. Who does? I was more than happy with the service provided given the fares I paid. I recall only once one of the internal flights was delayed and it really wasn't a big deal. I would definitely fly with United again. I really think some people need to get a grip they want silver service for bargain basement prices. You get what you pay for and I was more than happy with United. No hesitation to fly with them again."
"Chicago to St. Louis round-trip. All flights were on time with friendly service. Midday in Chicago I cleared security in 10 minutes. Mobile boarding pass is very helpful. Boarding was quick and easy. Flight operated by Shuttle America E-170. The plane was very comfortable with lots of legroom in standard economy. I am 6' and had no problem. Return was equally as easy. St. Louis security very quick. This flight was operated by Trans State ERJ- 145. It was fine for the hour flight but anything longer would have been unpleasant. Narrow seats and aisle less legroom low ceiling seats falling apart very loud engines and lots of turbulence. Flight attendant very nice. Arrived 20 minutes early. The cost was definitely worth it over driving or amtrak given the punctuality. No inflight entertainment was offered on either flight which is fine for such short flights. I arrived an hour be fore both flights but could have got there much later. I recommend United and usually don't have issues with them and plan to fly them again in the future."
"AUS-IAH-LGA in F. First segment on a new E175 in Economy Plus. Actually really surprised at the comfort of the seat despite all the negative press about the new Slimline product. Of course this flight was only about 30 minutes but for a regional hop not bad at all. Continuing segment was on A319 in F. Seat was moderately comfortable but pitch was lacking and by the end of this 3 hour flight I was definitely eager to deplane. Service was attentive and professional however and drinks were consistently refilled. Food could have been better but what else is new. Overall I was pleased with this journey and despite being loyal to AA would consider UA again if traveling to one of their hub cities."
"Chicago to St. Louis round-trip. All flights were on time with friendly service. Midday in Chicago I cleared security in 10 minutes. Mobile boarding pass is very helpful. Boarding was quick and easy. Flight operated by Shuttle America E-170. The plane was very comfortable with lots of legroom in standard economy. I am 6' and had no problem. Return was equally as easy. St. Louis security very quick. This flight was operated by Trans State ERJ- 145. It was fine for the hour flight but anything longer would have been unpleasant. Narrow seats and aisle less legroom low ceiling seats falling apart very loud engines and lots of turbulence. Flight attendant very nice. Arrived 20 minutes early. The cost was definitely worth it over driving or amtrak given the punctuality. No inflight entertainment was offered on either flight which is fine for such short flights. I arrived an hour be fore both flights but could have got there much later. I recommend United and usually don't have issues with them and plan to fly them again in the future."
"AUS-IAH-LGA in F. First segment on a new E175 in Economy Plus. Actually really surprised at the comfort of the seat despite all the negative press about the new Slimline product. Of course this flight was only about 30 minutes but for a regional hop not bad at all. Continuing segment was on A319 in F. Seat was moderately comfortable but pitch was lacking and by the end of this 3 hour flight I was definitely eager to deplane. Service was attentive and professional however and drinks were consistently refilled. Food could have been better but what else is new. Overall I was pleased with this journey and despite being loyal to AA would consider UA again if traveling to one of their hub cities."
"Flew IAH-DEN-IAH on A320 last week and we had the Personal Entertainment Option (Beta). I guess after Beta unfortunately we have to pay for that too. Both flights on time and nothing to complain about."
"FRA-ORD-LAX-OGG. All flights were in clean planes with enough legroom (I've 183cm of height). IFE on international SEA-IAH-LIM return. This was a good trip outbound in business class. The lie flat seats in the B767s on the Lima leg were excellent crews were attentive. My wife broke her leg in Peru so we had a medically assisted evacuation back and the service was excellent wheelchairs attendants etc. all good."
"FRA-ORD-LAX-OGG. All flights were in clean planes with enough legroom (I've 183cm of height). IFE on international flights depends on the aircraft but on B777 and B767-400 its working well with a good choice of movies. Staff friendly (with one exception) food compared to other airlines (e. g. Lufthansa) much better. We missed our flight in ORD due to a 45min-delay in FRA for which United was not responsible. We could Hotel vouchers in Chicago flew to LAX and OGG the following day and arrived in Maui about 20hrs late. OK we missed one day in Maui but we got compensation (350USD for each passenger)."
"London to Costa Rica via Newark. Check in was quick and efficient. flight to Newark left on time and we landed 20 minutes early. The 777 was clean well equipped and comfortable. In Flight service excellent and food and drinks plentiful and good including the ice cream and caramel that was very impressive. Transit through Newark was somewhat long but that is nothing to do with the airline. Flight Newark to Costa Rica was on time. Aircraft was a 737 of some age but the seat was fine and the crew excellent again. Food and drinks again good for a short haul flight. So my experience of United was a good experience and well worth trying as the tickets are good value and extremely competitive against other carriers."
"MDT-IAD-LAS-ORD-MDT. Other than the leg from Dulles to Vegas the trip was largely a non-event. Even that leg the only real complaints I have is that it (B-737) was fully booked and the WiFi system on the plane was spotty. I do not recommend paying for the on-board WiFi systems until you've spent some time in the 'complimentary' area to make sure the system is working properly. The MDT-Dulles leg was a 25-minute trip not especially worth discussing. The Embraer 145 is a nice little plane the single-seat arrangement on the one side of the cabin does make a nice opportunity to get both a window and aisle seat. LAS-ORD was aboard an older 757. Seats were more comfortable than the 737 but in-flight entertainment was limited to basically an old Discovery Channel program on overhead CRTs. On the other hand it was free so I guess you get what you pay for. This plane was also fully booked but got lucky with a smaller woman in the center seat. ORD-MDT was aboard an A-319. Seats were comfortable. Inflight entertainment was available over a wi-fi connection to my tablet. Worked like a charm. Large selection of programming. Plane was about 80% booked and I got lucky with an empty center seat. On all 4 legs cabin crew was attentive and reasonably pleasant. Flights were on time or at least close enough that I had no trouble making connections. Notes: Bring a tablet or something to occupy yourself with. When the in-flight entertainment is right it works well. When it's not you'll be twiddling your thumbs without some way of entertaining yourself for hours. Do use the United app. Having the boarding pass on the smart phone - and getting all the necessary updates through the app - made things easier. It worked reasonably well. When traveling within the US (on any airline) don't go non-stop coast to coast. 5 hours on a fully-loaded plane is miserable (and lets face it they're all close to fully loaded today). An hour layover in some place in the middle is now a welcome respite and no longer a nuisance. Be prepared for delays. Stuff happens on every airline - mechanical and weather. My reading of the other reviews complaining about United strike me as largely problems that every airline is guilty of in some way shape or form. It is simply the reality of airline flight in 2014. Airline travel just isn't what it was 20 years ago when the planes were half full so there was more room and the cabin crew was not so rushed."
"LAX-MEL - B787-8 - Overall a good flight. Equipment changed from a B787-9 to a B787-8. Not too disappointed since it was still a Dreamliner but the change to the smaller aircraft had the consequence that a baby was moved from the forward business class to the 3 Business rows in the mid-section. A baby on 16 hrs flight - not recommended. Flight departed from LAX 1.5 hr late. Basically waited on board for 1.5 hrs. Everyone had already boarded so we were in this plane for at least 17 hrs. Flight uneventful new Dreamliner is a really great airplane large windows very airy cabin. Seat is good except that not every seat has direct aisle access. Inflight Entertainment great good selection of movies TV shows. Service was attentive (above usual United average) Food was decent. Unfortunately United does not supply their Business customers with Fast passes for Melbourne Airport Immigration so waited almost 1 hr to get through on top of the 1.5 hr delay. All in all a great plane and can recommend if you are traveling to Melbourne."
"TLV-ORD via EWR business first. Comfortable seat and was able to sleep for 7 hours. Dinner OK good entree nice service. Seats flat and convenient. Breakfast OK. Catering could be better but reasonable. Staff constantly in cabin during dinner and breakfast. Liked catering on Austrian and Turkish better. EWR United club nice showers and service from club staff but mediocre offering of snacks."
"EDI-EWR UA37 on B757-200 aircraft on the last day of 2014. (Part of a Pfare booking EDI/EWR/PBI and return). Checked-in at the dedicated business class desk and was advised that UAL use the Aspire lounge at EDI. The lounge was fine with a reasonable selection of food items for a snack breakfast. Flights are not called from the lounge. Boarding appeared to be well managed a number of supplementary security / travel questions were asked by an agent at the gate. Once onboard a welcome drink of champagne juice or water was offered. There is a 2-2 flatbed seat configuration in Business Class. The seat was comfortable with plenty of space and easy-to-use chair and In Flight Entertainment controls. The plane Departed on time at 09.05. On board service began roughly 45 minutes after departure. The main meal was lunch followed by a snack prior to arrival at EWR. In my opinion this is where UAL need to put more thought into what is offered. In view of the time of day prior to 10.00 a full breakfast or brunch rather than a lunch might have been a better catering option? The service from flight attendants was efficient although some of them appeared to be a bit tired looking. Small touches such as addressing passengers by name were absent on this flight. This was done on the inbound UA36 EWR-EDI 8 Jan 15 in comparison. The flight arrived at EWR around 35minutes ahead of schedule this was partly due to an on board medical emergency situation. Overall the flight was a pleasant and efficient experience. I would use UAL again in Business Class subject to obtaining a fare at a suitable price!"
"FRA-EWR-PHX-EWR-ZRH. FRA-EWR on old 767-300 with a tiny little screen in front of you that shows some movies on channels. Own earphones did not work. Plane very loud. However seat quite comfortable very nice cabin crew and good and tasty food. Legroom officially at 31in. but feels bigger than on transatlantic BA or AF. Brought my own entertainment so I had an excellent flight (should have brought earplugs though). EWR-PHX on newly refurbished A319 with slimline seats. Again lots of legroom even for me (6'6\" / 2m) and again no IFE but wifi available. But again a nice crew with two full drink runs (alcohol for purchase) and some walk throughs with water. PHX-EWR on 737-700 also with new interior and AVOD. However this is provided by DirecTV cost is $5.99 for flight of two hours or less and $7.99 for flight of more than 2 hours. Sadly even the flight information part is enclosed here so you don't see it unless you pay for it. Again two drink runs and good service by nice flight crew. Of the four planes on this trip this one had the worst legroom but still OK. EWR-ZRH on 767-400. Old plane with brand new interior - and a good one at that. Slimline seats with a big screen in front of you a large choice of new movies games and shows. Legroom again very good the 31in. at United appear to be bigger inches than those on other airlines. Tasty dinner and small breakfast (with fresh fruit!). After reading many bad reviews I had mixed feelings about stepping into a United plane. I even considered doling out the (quite big amount of) $$ for Premium Economy. But I got corrected. All planes were clean and well maintained nothing rattled or fell of. The crews were all nice and helpful. Legroom was never an issue even with pax in front of me reclining. After this experience I highly recommend United. Before you fly - find out if you have to bring your own entertainment (or pay for it)!"
"FRA-EWR-PHX-EWR-ZRH. FRA-EWR on old 767-300 with a tiny little screen in front of you that shows some movies on channels. Own earphones did not work. Plane very loud. However seat quite comfortable very nice cabin crew and good and tasty food. Legroom officially at 31in. but feels bigger than on transatlantic BA or AF. Brought my own entertainment so I had an excellent flight (should have brought earplugs though). EWR-PHX on newly refurbished A319 with slimline seats. Again lots of legroom even for me (6'6\" / 2m) and again no IFE but wifi available. But again a nice crew with two full drink runs (alcohol for purchase) and some walk throughs with water. PHX-EWR on 737-700 also with new interior and AVOD. However this is provided by DirecTV cost is $5.99 for flight of two hours or less and $7.99 for flight of more than 2 hours. Sadly even the flight information part is enclosed here so you don't see it unless you pay for it. Again two drink runs and good service by nice flight crew. Of the four planes on this trip this one had the worst legroom but still OK. EWR-ZRH on 767-400. Old plane with brand new interior - and a good one at that. Slimline seats with a big screen in front of you a large choice of new movies games and shows. Legroom again very good the 31in. at United appear to be bigger inches than those on other airlines. Tasty dinner and small breakfast (with fresh fruit!). After reading many bad reviews I had mixed feelings about stepping into a United plane. I even considered doling out the (quite big amount of) $$ for Premium Economy. But I got corrected. All planes were clean and well maintained nothing rattled or fell of. The crews were all nice and helpful. Legroom was never an issue even with pax in front of me reclining. After this experience I highly recommend United. Before you fly - find out if you have to bring your own entertainment (or pay for it)!"
"LAS-SFO B737-900 and SFO-SYD B777-200. First leg was a short flight on a new plane soft drinks served courteous crew seats were just average but still too short flight to complaint. Second leg killer flight to Australia almost 15 hrs upgraded to Economy plus which was disappointing because basically is the same as economy with just a wider seat pitch that gave me more leg room and a comfortable sleep. Food just fine the trays are getting smaller and smaller crew was nice and attentive plane a bit old IFE average small screens with a good selection. I have no problems flying UA again but it has to be a really good deal as it is oceans apart compared to Qantas or Air New Zealand on the same routes down under."
"NRT-SFO upper deck B747. Check-in was quick and easy going. Avoiding UA depressing lounge went to ANA one which was not so so better. Wines not good. Food really uneatable (chicken). Desert: high calories ice cream with artificial flavor dressing. All of this to be avoided by healthy persons. Nice IFE but much more limited than on B777. Old seat but much more comfortable than B777 ANA's."
"SFO-SAN. B737-800. Everything fine quick and easy but luggage did nor make it. It arrived two flights later. Mysteries of UA/SFO."
"Flew SFO LAX and ICN - SFO in Business as part of a RTW ticket. I continue to see improvement at United. On the short hop to LAX I was in F and the drinks were served in glass as opposed to my last experience when they were in plastic. The FA was friendly and very present. On the transpacific leg I was on the Upper Deck. I continue to really like the UA Business Class seat. It has more positions and the space is well designed. The dinner was quite good - Cioppino - and nicely served. Most US crews lack the energy and enthusiasm that one finds on foreign carriers but the service was friendly and attentive. I have no complaints."
"I recently returned from a round-trip from Charlotte-Rochester NY with change of planes in Dulles on the outbound and Newark on the inbound. The trip was fine. Flight attendants on all flights were very professional. Ticketing crew in Charlotte and Rochester were nice. I used the lounge in Newark and was pleasantly surprised. Food was limited to snacks but that was to be expected (why US airlines do not have lounges with food selections akin to those of international airlines is beyond me). But two unexpected plusses were the presence of showers (which I did not use) and free alcoholic beverages (albeit of limited varieties). Still the lounge was a pleasant alternative of the hub-bub of Newark. I am a fan of propeller planes and was not disappointed. Both flights in and out of Rochester were on props. I will fly United again."
"Flew SFO LAX and ICN - SFO in Business as part of a RTW ticket. I continue to see improvement at United. On the short hop to LAX I was in F and the drinks were served in glass as opposed to my last experience when they were in plastic. The FA was friendly and very present. On the transpacific leg I was on the Upper Deck. I continue to really like the UA Business Class seat. It has more positions and the space is well designed. The dinner was quite good - Cioppino - and nicely served. Most US crews lack the energy and enthusiasm that one finds on foreign carriers but the service was friendly and attentive. I have no complaints."
"Sat in 24D on an Airbus 320 from Seattle to Newark. This is a standard aisle seat located on the right side of the aircraft just a few rows behind the over-wing exit rows. It is one of what I call the \"back-of-the-bus\" seats featuring the new Slimline Recaro seating. In light of the trend by most of the domestic air carriers to squeeze as many seats/rows as possible into their airplanes the best thing I can say about this seat is that it was adequate in terms of breadth leg space and comfort. If you are 5' 10\" or less in height or a somewhat taller person with short legs you will be able to sit in this seat and still have a couple of inches between your knees and the back of the seat in front of you. In other words you don't have to sit upright and uptight and feel as though you cannot move or are frozen in place. The lumbar support of the seat back is neither better nor worse than any other typical economy/coach-class seat on United Airlines. I do wish that the seat cushion itself was more supportive - it felt soft and thin - perhaps because the density of the foam filler or stuffing material used is lacking. On a long flight this seat may become uncomfortable and cause you to squirm a bit or want to get up and move around. Seat recline has been reduced and I was only able to move/tilt the seat back about two inches. Fortunately for me the middle seat on this flight was empty and that made my specific seat feel less confining and more bearable as I could spread out a bit (likewise for my seatmate in the adjoining window seat of this row). The staff appeared competent and the service itself was decent. The plane appeared relatively clean and well- maintained. Lamentably there was no in-flight entertainment system whatsoever which seems to be the trend on the smaller Airbus and Boeing aircraft operated by United. To reiterate my earlier comment this seat was adequate and tolerable given the trend by the airlines of reducing seat pitch on their aircraft. Stated simply it represents the new standard in air travel for the average passenger traveling on a budget."
"Orlando to Denver to Edmonton - because we had problems printing our boarding passes we went to airport and a courteous member of staff printed off our boarding passes for us. Because of that today we simply walked to security and went through. We only had 1 carry on bag each and one pack sack each. The staff announced that we could take our carry on bag and they put tags on each of them for us and we dropped them off at the circle just as you boarded the plane. Our bags went straight through to Edmonton. Due to technical problems we left about 1/2 hour late but that was ok. Before we got off the staff read off the gate of connecting flights. That saved everyone a whole lot of time. We made it to our next plane - had about 10 minutes and that plane had to wait for our baggage. There were other passengers in our position also The staff were excellent. No food except to buy not staff's fault. No TV's again not staff's fault. The seats were very comfortable."
"Was happy with the service in First Class on this quick flight from LA to Houston on United's 737-900. Seat was comfy and the food satisfactory. Nothing outstanding but good enough."
"PVG-LAX and IAH-LHR. Both flights were very comfortable. Seat and food is good. The only issue with the dreamliner (787) is the lack of proper window blinds. On the flight Shanghai-Los Angeles I was near the window facing south meaning that I always had the sun in front of me. Although the window transparency can be chanced it cannot be completely darkened and this is an issue when you want to sleep."
"Flew United from LAX to IAH non-stop on an aged Boeing 737-700. The flight departed 25 minutes late for no apparent reason (no explanation given). Luggage was still being loaded 25 minutes after scheduled departure. Plenty of people that should have gate-checked luggage were wandering the plane looking for overhead bin space with no help from crew. There was no snack pay only food options. Nonetheless the crew was somewhat friendly passing frequently even offering warmed up chocolate chip cookies to some of the kids although some had to share one cookie."
"For this 9 hour flight from Houston to Buenos Aires United uses a very old 767-300 with a 2-1-2 configuration in business class. The seats are the old Continental flat-bed seats which are angled ever-so-slightly towards the window. Although it's a flat bed the bed is very narrow and at my 190cm I could not stretch out. Felt like sleeping in a coffin! Also when you have to go to the bathroom it's quite the operation to step over your neighbour without waking them up. The service and food were OK although the plastic champagne flutes and the character-less dull white dinnerware could be improved upon."
"I may be done with United. Have had gold or platinum status for years but am getting increasingly concerned with linking flying to shopping and spending more money. As much as I hate to give up the three bags the comfortable lounges in airports it is becoming too stressful to keep up. I have almost lost respect for the airlines. Shop till you drop seems to be the key here. We are losing miles we have to spend more shop more buy the credit card. No other alliance does what United does."
"First off let me preface that I am not a frequent flyer so I tend to give airlines the benefit of the doubt if there is ever any problems. In the past 6 months I have flown two round trips with United one was non-stop and the other had 1 connecting flight. Every single one of those flights were delayed by an average of 2 hours. I would understand if there were weather conditions that cannot be foreseen but all the delays happened in Florida and California both of which had great weather. I even signed up for text alerts to get notified of these things and my alerts either came in an hour before the scheduled departure flights or never came I'm at all. That defeats the purpose of the alerts because you should to be at the airport about 2 hours prior to your flight. When I went to ask the staff at the counter at the airport they all seemed clueless and was not able to help me alleviate my concerns at all. Some were even downright rude and short with me. These inconveniences have almost cost me to be stranded at the airport because those my friends and family were not able to pick me up. I am more than furious at the less than poor customer service that United has to offer. I've spent hundreds probably even thousand of dollars to travel with this airline but I've failed to receive the proper service and professionalism from their staff and company overall. It is sad to say but I will not be flying with United Airlines anytime again soon. I would rather pay a bit more for other airlines just to ensure that I will receive the kind of service that I should be receiving as a customer."
"I took a United flight from GRU (Sao Paulo) - IAD (Washington DC) in Business First. When I first came to the airport I saw the flight would be delayed for 5-10 minutes. The flight time was originally 12.05 am but because of the delay it was supposed to depart at 12.15 am. So it was ok. But then after I board the flight does not leave until 12.40 am because they were waiting for passengers to board so obviously some passengers were late. In Air the flight crew was nice but they seemed like old United flight attendants to me. So they seemed a little cold to me. But the flight was good and I slept for 4 hours out of the 8 hours. I was glad the flight attendants gave my son the executive dining with out him asking. But the flight entertainment was ok. So it was an ok flight and it was better than the average United flight."
"I did my first transatlantic travel with UA premium economy on 11/15/2014 IAH-MUC 767-400ER. Plane was clean entertainment systems fully functioning great service onboard. Food was a bit underwhelming but it's economy so not much can be added there. Beverage carts made fairly frequent trips. Crew did a good job."
"HKG-SFO. I've always loved the 747 for its speed and comfort. Nevertheless a 12 hour flight is always a daunting experience but I am happy to say that this flight was wonderful. The multinational staff exceeded themselves and the food was of a standard I was not expecting. All in all I thoroughly enjoyed the flight I even got 6 hours sleep too. Good job United and thank you for the pleasurable experience!"
"Just flew DEN-LAX-MEL and return SYD-LAX-DEN. I was apprehensive about spending 16+ hours with United internationally as I avoid US carriers for long flights due to overall poor service I was however pleasantly surprised. All flights left on time with early arrivals. Outbound flight was on new 787-9 aircraft was great and seats in Business very comfortable. Entertainment with wide variety and crew were splendid on this run (old CO crew)- very chatty and went above and beyond for passengers. Return flight the same though crew a little older/colder (UA crew). 777 on return was 2-4-2 in Business which is a little ridiculous but seats were all fully flat. Where United is not up to par is inflight catering- food almost inedible on both routes- wines good though."
"Just flew DEN-LAX-MEL and return SYD-LAX-DEN. I was apprehensive about spending 16+ hours with United internationally as I avoid US carriers for long flights due to overall poor service I was however pleasantly surprised. All flights left on time with early arrivals. Outbound flight was on new 787-9 aircraft was great and seats in Business very comfortable. Entertainment with wide variety and crew were splendid on this run (old CO crew)- very chatty and went above and beyond for passengers. Return flight the same though crew a little older/colder (UA crew). 777 on return was 2-4-2 in Business which is a little ridiculous but seats were all fully flat. Where United is not up to par is inflight catering- food almost inedible on both routes- wines good though."
"EWR-MEX-EWR. Flights operated with early arrival in both directions. Super friendly on-board staff and top-notch gate people who are all an asset to the United team at both the EWR and MEX stations. The in-seat TV ads come on to annoy you even if you've turned the TV off. I felt like they should be paying me for constantly having to turn it off."
"I travelled with United for the first time last week. I was travelling business class and was a little apprehensive. The staff were fantastic very friendly and welcoming. The food was also very good - on both legs (from Melbourne to LAX). The flat beds extremely comfortable with very soft pillows. Not as many frills and extras as other airlines business class but if you can afford this for a long haul flight - the legroom and ability to stretch and sleep is worth it."
"UA 28 / UA 940 - London LHR / Newark Liberty EWR return. Outbound flight with refitted B777. Enough entertainment friendly helpful staff simple food nice overall. Inbound flight very old B767 but clean cabin and cheerful helpful staff. I was quite surprised by this quality actually as I frequently hear bad rumours about flying experience with United. Well done."
"LAX-NRT-SIN. First leg was good on the 787. Food was mediocre and made me appreciate Delta and question myself why i wasn't flying DL that was leaving an hour later out of LAX and Staff basically disappeared between services. The seat was comfortable at least the IFE was not as good as DL due to the smaller choice of movies. NRT-SIN was on a 772. The crew also disappeared after the meal service (which was also mediocre). My sister and I had our seats moved without being told but we weren't complaining."
"LHR to LAX return during October 2014. Check-in unavailable on-line and at auto machine at LHR. Had to join queue despite having carry-on bags only. Outbound flight during daylight. Seat fine. Meal average to poor. Headphones fairly useless making it difficult to watch movies etc. Staff good. Return flight overnight complete contrast. Staff polite but charmless. No drinks unless you pay. ie wine $8.99 glass. Food poor. Both flights on time and at 60 less than BA basic but fairly acceptable."
"Flew from BOM-EWR. Fairly full flight. Unfortunately I was seated next to an already drunk passenger. Crew (very observant) discreetely intervened and rectified my problem in 2 minutes flat. I was seated aisle side with an empty middle seat (rare treat indeed). My go to drink on United is the premium red wine (Meiomi Pinot Noir) a solid value (70% premium over store price compared to the 500% premium on beers and booze - only the stupid pays $8 for Johnny Red). Unfortunately they were not carrying it on the flight. The super helpful nice lady comped me with 2 bottles of house red with my dinner andthen brought me a big wine glass (yes a glass and not the flimsy plastic cup) wfull of amazing cab - from the front! andshe brought it one more time before \"bedtime\". I was floored by the attentive service of the united flight crew. Hope my relationship with United will continue to thrive."
"London to Orlando via Washington. Terminal 2 fab help at self serve kiosks swift bag drop and security. Boarding efficient. 777-200 comfortable in aisle seat. Inflight service excellent plenty of soft drink runs expected charge for alcohol so had card with me. 3 choices for dinner lovely green Thai chicken curry with salad and some type of apple cake. FA's disengaged and going through the motions but professional no extra touches here. However clean cabin and toilets blanket pillow and headphones on all seats on boarding. Inflight entertainment choices very good. Arrived on time connection in Washington smooth. Crew on 2nd flight less interested but so was I by this point! Was just so relieved to be on this aircraft ad not some of the older smaller jets UA are still using on transatlantic routes."
"Flew EWR-HNL-EWR on Oct 24 2014 and returning on Oct 31 2014. The crew on EWR-HNL was quite good. They sure let passengers know that the food available for purchase would be available during entire duration of the flight and all we had to do was come back to the galley. Very important on a long flight with no meal service. They also made sure to go through the aisles with water repeatedly. The crew on the return flight from HNL- EWR left much to be desired."
"ORD to PSP via Denver one way in economy. Both flights on time in fact the flight to PSP was about 20 minutes early. Planes clean. Staff was very competent. They are really starting to put in noticeably smaller seats."
"Flew UA from DEN to HNL in First Class. This is apparently a converted Continental plane with full reclining seats in first class. The seat was very comfortable with plenty of room. The food was decent although the spinach calzone was drowned in a cream sauce - tasty but not very healthy. The servers were friendly and helpful although after the meal was served about an hour in you had to make a request for a beverage over the next 5 hours as opposed to any regular beverage service. I rarely fly first class so maybe they expect you to ask for something as opposed to bringing beverages out regularly? The plane had seatback on-demand entertainment which was great except why is it that the UA webpage is still showing their listings for September and October only?"
"ORD to PSP via Denver one way in economy. Both flights on time in fact the flight to PSP was about 20 minutes early. Planes clean. Staff was very competent. They are really starting to put in noticeably smaller seats."
"Flew UA from DEN to HNL in First Class. This is apparently a converted Continental plane with full reclining seats in first class. The seat was very comfortable with plenty of room. The food was decent although the spinach calzone was drowned in a cream sauce - tasty but not very healthy. The servers were friendly and helpful although after the meal was served about an hour in you had to make a request for a beverage over the next 5 hours as opposed to any regular beverage service. I rarely fly first class so maybe they expect you to ask for something as opposed to bringing beverages out regularly? The plane had seatback on-demand entertainment which was great except why is it that the UA webpage is still showing their listings for September and October only?"
"Our travel agent booked our flights within the USA from Australia. Each leg was on United Airlines. I had read previous bad reviews on this airline but thought we would give them a go. The experience was okay. The staff were fine each flight was crowded and each time we were down the rear of the plane. There was nothing remarkable about any of the flights but at least we arrived safely."
"Went ORD-DCA-ORD overall flights were okay although both were delayed. On my outbound flight there was also a delay because of a seat being broken on the aircraft and subsequently it seemed the flight was either overbooked or not completely ready to depart by the scheduled time due to some confusion with seating arrangements."
"01/10/2014. LHR-IAH. Flight UA5. IAH-GIG UA129. A journey I upgraded from economy to business first using a global premier upgrade a free perk obtained as a IK level frequent flyer. I feel that the level of service on United has improved drastically and the efforts of front line personnel should be recognised. The flight attendants on UA5 from Heathrow to Houston were superb. They provided very professional prompt and friendly service. A comfortable seat in a new Boeing 787. In fact throughout all including my return journey from Rio via Houston and Chicago all check in and flight personnel were considerate and attentive. All flights arrived on schedule or early. I would also add that as a United flyer since 1995 my baggage has never been lost! From what I can see the only service problems this company ever had are being corrected. If these improvements continue I suggest that United could indeed become a world class leader."
"Fantastic business class flight from Chicago to Shanghai in upper deck of United Airlines 747-400. Attentive and friendly crew and great food - exceeding business class food on many international airlines. Entertainment system also has excellent offerings. United Business First Seat is very comfortable and creates the perfect lie-flat environment for plenty of restful sleep. I haven't flown United's business class in a few years and was pleasantly surprised."
"I travelled with United alone with a 16 month old and 4 yr old twins from Australia to Los Angeles to Memphis Orlando and back to Australia. We got the cheapest fare available with anyone and my expectations were low. United were great! Good and helpful staff good entertainment for twins when we missed a flight we were promptly rebooked and paid no fees food was not excellent but fine. This was a very welcome surprise - well done United!"
"Travelled LHR to SFO - flight fairly full food good and seat plus fine. SFO to EWR - ordinary seat ok snack tasty no problems. Later EWR to LHR again food fine and snack quite acceptable. We had no problems on 3 flights - only thing to complain about having to pay for t.v from SFO to EWR."
"We had a great experience with United Airlines on our return flight from Ottawa (Canada) to Phoenix connecting through Chicago O'Hare. Our flight to Phoenix was smooth and on time. The only thing missing was inflight entertainment. Our return flight was complicated by the fact that a disgruntled employee set a fire to a centre governing the flights through both Chicago airports on the Friday before our Sunday departure. We called the United 1-800 number and got through to an agent quite quickly. She was extremely helpful and could not find us an alternate flight with United so arranged for us to take a flight from Phoenix to Philadelphia and Philadelphia to Ottawa with US airways. We departed and arrived at a very similar flight to our original flight with United. This was the best service that I have ever received in a difficult situation like this. We had a very tight connection on the way back and our baggage arrived on the flight with us. Good job United!"
"I have the United app and I was checking on the situation in Chicago from the day before - was not told anything until I was stuck in the airport away from freedom when the agent told me the first leg into Chicago was delayed 2 hours and the 2nd leg from Chicago to San Diego had a connection I was not going to make because of the time I get in - it was the last flight out of Chicago for the night. The Agent was amazing and put me on another airline that would get me home to my family. Forever grateful! Once on the plane to Chicago the 1st class flight attendant was very attentive and extremely caring. When I asked if there were any snacks she said that the previous flight had depleted the stock. When I informed her about my birthday flights and the problems I was having she went all out. She offered me her own personal snack out of her purse with a smile. Selfless and sincere. She was a blessing to my day. As I left she handed me a \"care package\" of treats she was able to scrounge up on the plane for and offered me a happy birthday wish. She and the gate attendant both made my long hours and travel home to my family not just bearable but enjoyable."
"FRA-IAD and next morning IAD-MIA in business. FRA-IAD flight had to return to gate to get some loose freight container fixed so plane left with 2 hour delay. Otherwise flight was fine. Seats were reasonably comfortable entertainment OK. The inflight service was excellent with a delicious menu and very attentive flight attendants who regularly walked around with drinks and snacks. Baggage delivery at IAD was very fast. Domestic connection next morning also fine. Friendly and efficient check-in. Seats were comfortable and flight left on time. On the domestic leg they served drinks and a warm cookie. Baggage delivery on arrival reasonably quick."
"I've been a Mileage Plus member and a United frequent flyer since 1995. The programme can offer outstanding benefits if your travel needs match their network. I recently flew LHR to EZE via IAH. And this was fairly typical of my travels in recent years. I booked an itinerary in economy class and upgraded using miles and a cash fee. All flights were upgraded to business first well in advance of my departure. All flights offer lie flat seating. Sleeping for several hours on long haul sectors comes easily. Service is most often generous food is not luxurious but is well presented tasty and enjoyable. Particularly the fish dishes which are my first choice. Drinks are plentiful I love the cheese course rounded off with an ice cream sundae served to order. Followed by a liqueur and coffee. During UA958 from ORD to LHR on the morning of Sept 18th I awoke to discover that my passport had fallen from my pocket and was rested in an impossible to reach location beneath the structure of my seat. I requested some assistance from a flight attendant in the galley hoping that this might be offered after landing. The professional concerned simply picked up a flashlight and a large serving fork. The flight attendant lay flat on the floor and successfully retrieved my passport for me. All done with a smile and a great attitude. While criticisms often aired in forums such as this sometimes come with fair justification. On a good day and certainly with increasing frequency I find the level of service on board United Airlines to be improved and sometimes outstanding. I am a 1K and million mile flyer. I am confident that I will continue to be. There are some lovely people in the friendly skies!"
"LHR-SFO. Connecting to this flight from Brussels on Brussels Airlines maybe 4 or 5 folks on this flight going to the SFO flight. Brussels flight late connecting time tight for LHR (scheduled for 70 minutes more like 25 with the late flight and you have to go through security to get to US). Brussels Airlines has not transferred to Star Alliance Terminal 2 yet where United lives so we had a mad dash across from Terminal 1. Got to gate after going through security-one of the agents said don't worry they were holding the flight a few minutes for us. (That's good service). As usual the flight attendants on UA were generally friendly and polite but are not formal like the European or Asian airlines which is fine with me. Food reasonably good; had a chicken dish for lunch that was quite tasty actually. Overall a nice easy flight after working up a sweat running to the gate."
"I have to say I was extremely hesitant after reading the reviews on this site and due to fly with UA on 22nd August 2014. I had 5 flights covering a 3 week period and flew from Glasgow - Newark- Las Vegas - San Fran - San Diego back to Newark - Glasgow and was totally happy with the service provided to my family and I. We experienced no delays the cabin crew couldn't have been nicer and the pilots seemed to go out their way to improve passenger comfort. The seating within the plane was large enough in economy and the in flight entertainment was excellent during the international flight to and from Glasgow. All in all I have no issues with any of the flights delays happen and when they do you have to deal with them its a part of every day travel and I'm sure every airline experiences them. Will definitely be recommending UA to anyone who asks."
"Just returned from USA flying both ways with United. 3rd flight this year flying with United to SFO connecting to ACV (Eureka). United is the only commercial airline flying into ACV. Food is never that great but that's pretty much the norm with most airlines I guess. Inflight entertainment is perfect with personal screens (777 aircraft if flying 747 then just multi screen). I am a silver mileage plus member so currently gain access to economy plus free of charge which is a bonus along with the extra benefits of being a silver mileage plus member. Outbound flight on time three seats to stretch out across which was great. Returning from SFO to LHR all crew London based. The service from the Base crew was the worst I have experienced from any cabin crew. I've even flown US Airways a couple of times in the past and anyone who has flow US Airways will know how scratchy their service is but even US Airways cabin crew offered better service than what I witnessed from the London base crew with United. Crew looked like they didn't want to be there drinks service only twice for a 10 hour flight food awful. Breakfast just a croissant and a couple of chunks of melon why even bother. Maybe United should send out WYR surveys to passengers and that way they would get a broad idea of a customers experience. However I'm not flying with United for cheap smiles and attractive cabin crew and 1st class service what I am flying with United for is airline miles premier service with mileage plus and an airline that can get me to my final destination the rest is just extra."
"Not great. Flew Newark to Panama bare bones service even have to pay to watch the tiny TV so take an iPad. Minimal service but on time. Transferred to Copa for short flight to Medillin Colombia seemed like first class! When I arrived I was told the was a problem with my return and you had better sort it out. Copa can do nothing with a 'United booking' so called United in USA to find out. Flight had been cancelled although no email received. Eventually got on economy plus and gone via Houston with tight connection but made it ok. They really just get you there and back without any frills. I live in Asia and in a country with usually great customer service US Airlines and United in particular are very basic!"
"SFO/IAH/SJO (San Jose Costa Rica) /IAH/SFO in First on domestic Business on the international flights - 737-900 and 737-800 - pleasantly surprised by the service which was almost perfect (only 1 FA on 1 flight was rude when I was forward enough to ask about whether there would be dessert). New lounge at SFO is still pretty bad considering it's a UA hub and supposed to represent the USA to the Pacific Rim but it was adequate (although be warned the bar closes at 10.30pm sharp not so good for those of us on midnight flights). Food on 1 flight also not so great (overdone tasteless steak) but otherwise good - I think they serve starbucks coffee because it tasted so burnt I could only drink 1/3 cup even though we were going on 30+ hours with no sleep by the time we were landing in Costa Rica. All in all we were happy with the flights unexpectedly so given some prior experiences with the carrier."
"SFO-MSP-DEN-SFO. I was pleasantly surprised on all legs by the genuine friendliness and interactivity of the crew. I have often been critical of UA regarding their crew attitude but this was entirely the opposite and made the trip far more pleasant. Due to status I was upgraded to F from MSP to DEN. A nice bonus."
"Aug 26 UA 1683 SFO EWR. On time departure and arrival. Younger crew members more friendly than the older ones. Regular runs through the cabin with water. Captain gave regular updates. Direct TV a nice option. UA hub to hub flights seem to work more effectively than connections especially those through EWR and ORD. Bad weather at EWR causes major problems for all airlines operating to/from there."
"JFK-SFO. Ground staff at JFK could not have been more helpful. We had a connection to NRT with ANA and our reservation had some issues but it was efficiently solved by the staff and our luggage was directly tagged to NRT avoiding luggage fees despite being on two separate reservations. Flight was ahead of schedule both departure and arrival. Service on United has always been warm friendly and efficient. I'm a big fan of their service and never had an issue. While they are not as polished as most Asian carriers are they are interactive with the passengers and their service makes you feel at home. BOB options were extensive and quality was excellent. They also did frequent beverage runs despite only being a 6-hour flight. IFE system is wonderful the movie choices were great and most of which are recent Hollywood movies. The system was responsive easy to use and the moving map was of excellent quality. Overall a very pleasant flight with United."
"Flew from SEA to AMS via ORD on July 12. Both flights arrived ahead of schedule which was welcomed since I had only 45 minutes for transfer in Chicago and 48 minutes in Amsterdam to catch inter EU flight. Service basic but good flight attendants offered beverages very frequently and food served on transatlantic flight was OK. My bags joined me a day later at my final destination but it was not UA fault. As a Silver status holder I still appreciate upgrade to Economy Plus but with new regulations for earning points in 2015 this seems to be harder to get in the future."
"I flew a 747 in first class from San Francisco to Seoul Korea. For a 13 hour flight I was expected to be tired when I reached my destination. However I was wrong. When I entered the aircraft I was immediately asked what beverage I would like as well as providing hot towels. The crew were very nice and gave us hand written Thank You notes for my business. The food was better than I expected it to be. They served so many appetizers before the main course that I was full. I was so surprised when they asked if I would like ice cream and customized it with toppings right in front of me! If you were hungry between meals there is a walk up bar that has fruits snacks wraps desserts etc. The IFE had a huge screen and had all the newest Hollywood blockbusters tv shows music and games. The seats were really comfortable as they had the option to put them 180 degrees so that you can sleep (the armrests automatically go down as the bed reclines) and can sleep comfortably for a tall person. They also had plenty of plugs that accepts USA and other countries plugs. The seats have plenty of storage however found it odd that flight attendants won't allow you to stow things under your seat. I slept right after the Meal service and was woken up just in time for breakfast. I couldn't believe that I could actually get sleep on a plane! It was a great experience flying United and would definitely fly with them again."
"I had to fly for business to Springfield IL. United offered the best deal on this flight. We flew from Orlando to Chicago on an Airbus A320. Exit row very comfortable nice staff. Flight out of Chicago was delayed 3.5 hours but staff handled it well. After the delays we had a hydraulics issue and had to return to the gate. The flight attendant on board the CRJ-200 aircraft was phenomenal and helped us with anything we needed. She was very professional and great at helping us arrange things for arrival in Springfield. This was my first time flying United and even though the delays were outstanding staff were wonderful at handling it."
"Houston - Indianapolis - Houston. Both sectors on an Embraer 145 aircraft that had some of the hardest seat cushions I've ever experienced. Not much in the way of service considering it was a two hour flight but then again there is not much room in these aircraft. Overall basic but on time."
"First class on this new 737-900 seems to have more leg room than what I recall from the old first class. Add to that the comfy seats and the experience is quite OK. This 3+ hour flight from San Francisco to Houston had a much improved service - the United staff finally seem to be having some fun and are proud again of their airline. It shows. Besides the service the meals have also improved. There are more healthy choices such as a salad with grilled chicken and fresh toppings chicken wrap and the likes. And then there are those sumptuous warm chocolate cookies that they serve at the end. This flight had not IFE so I resorted to using my iPad and paid for the very inexpensive inflight wifi service. I was shocked how great the wifi onboard worked and for only $2/hour. This is a game changer."
"I had to fly for business to Springfield IL. United offered the best deal on this flight. We flew from Orlando to Chicago on an Airbus A320. Exit row very comfortable nice staff. Flight out of Chicago was delayed 3.5 hours but staff handled it well. After the delays we had a hydraulics issue and had to return to the gate. The flight attendant on board the CRJ-200 aircraft was phenomenal and helped us with anything we needed. She was very professional and great at helping us arrange things for arrival in Springfield. This was my first time flying United and even though the delays were outstanding staff were wonderful at handling it."
"HNL/LAX: The return flight from Honolulu to LAX was cancelled. Even though UA had our contact information we were never notified that our flight had been cancelled. It wasn't until we went online to do our check-in that we found out about the cancelled flight. The first reservationist we spoke to was not very helpful. She had us booked to return home the next day in economy and not first class as was paid for stating this was all that was available. We weren't satisfied with her \"solution\" so we called UA back and spoke with another reservationist who was more helpful. Not only did she offer us another first class flight but it was also on the same day as originally planned (not the next day). Dealing with the first reservationist was very frustrating."
"MEL-SYD-LAX-IAH-GIG. Paid an economy ticket and was upgraded on all flights to Business using one global credit. Service out of Melbourne was superb - attentive crew and a light load. Out of Sydney the flight was full but again the crew were attentive and service was fairly good. The flight LAX/IAH was particularly good - the crew were amazing. The last flight IAH-GIG was superior - the 772 was much newer than the one used on the SYD-LAX route and crew did not disappear for hours in the middle of the flight. The dinners were good but the breakfasts average. Considering the price paid for the ticket I was pleasantly impressed. All flights left on time and arrived on schedule or ahead of schedule. After 39 hours of travel time I was left feeling not too bad!"
"July 23rd GRR-ORD-LAX-LAS and on July 29th LAS-DEN-GRR. The staff at United were so friendly and helpful! The flights were easy quick and problem free. Even with an hour delay between connections we made it into our destination on time! We needed to change our seats so we could sit together and the attendants at both gates were quick and friendly about helping us!"
"MEL-SYD-LAX-IAH-GIG. Paid an economy ticket and was upgraded on all flights to Business using one global credit. Service out of Melbourne was superb - attentive crew and a light load. Out of Sydney the flight was full but again the crew were attentive and service was fairly good. The flight LAX/IAH was particularly good - the crew were amazing. The last flight IAH-GIG was superior - the 772 was much newer than the one used on the SYD-LAX route and crew did not disappear for hours in the middle of the flight. The dinners were good but the breakfasts average. Considering the price paid for the ticket I was pleasantly impressed. All flights left on time and arrived on schedule or ahead of schedule. After 39 hours of travel time I was left feeling not too bad!"
"July 23rd GRR-ORD-LAX-LAS and on July 29th LAS-DEN-GRR. The staff at United were so friendly and helpful! The flights were easy quick and problem free. Even with an hour delay between connections we made it into our destination on time! We needed to change our seats so we could sit together and the attendants at both gates were quick and friendly about helping us!"
"LAX-ORD-FRA-EWR-LAX last month. All flights arrived on time with no major issues. ORD-FRA on 747 and FRA-EWR on 777. Had upper deck on the 747 and it's the best place on the plane. Less people in a much more secluded environment. On both directions the crew was congenial and the service was top notch. I appreciated being thanked for my business and for flying UA. The United Club in EWR was a bit crowded for my liking but overall a great experience on all 4 legs. I fly almost every week and they tend to get me where I need to go on-time."
"I boarded UAL 771 July 25th SFO to LAX. I had an International flight to catch on another airline. While I have had my share of grumpy UAL flight attendants I immediately noticed a different energy in the FC cabin when I entered (I bought FC - it was not a complimentary upgrade). There were two male flight attendants being warm and welcoming. They were constantly seeing what passengers needed (it was a 24 seat 757). They knew how to handle every request and not just with a sterile perfunctory smile. The mood among all of the passengers was noticeably different. I'm not sure that many of UAL's FA's know how significant they are in creating an energy on the plane among the people by the way they welcome and serve the passengers. Most FA's know how to serve a cup of water. That does not take much skill. However to serve the water and give the sense that it is done graciously is something else."
"Went ORD-DCA-ORD to visit family. On a regional jet the flight was still somewhat comfortable. Coming back to Chicago there was some confusion with passengers who needed to get seats together and while I didn't mind moving I would hope they could try and resolve these things before the plane is full and it becomes hard to move around because of people in aisles etc."
"Had a multi-city going ORD-PEK and NRT-LAX-ORD. First leg was okay with the in-flight entertainment being satisfactory. On the first leg service was acceptable with it seeming the best on my NRT-LAX part of the itinerary. However because I went on standby for an earlier LAX-ORD flight the agent service *inside* the airport was actually quite poor as I was actually yelled at (along with a whole line of delayed passengers) by one of their agents. At this point I plan on only flying United for domestic flights because I'm a Star Alliance Gold member but otherwise there are much better airlines for any future international trips I may take in the future."
"I have flown UA 4 times from DEN-LGA over the last 2 months; As a Gold card holder I have been upgraded on 5/8 segments. Surprisingly all flights have been on time and even one landed 20 min early. In First UA is decent though they could learn from Delta about better food. All crew were friendly and actually smiled and were chatty with passengers. In Coach most crew also seemed decent and I like their snack boxes. Main problem is lack of consistent product with some aircraft with Wi-Fi some with PTVs and some with nothing. DEN and SFO based crews clearly nicer then EWR based ones."
"United 941 flight taken 10 July 2014: If UA flights can clone the pilots stewardesses and stewards in this flight and put them in each one in their fleet UA will score 10/10. Leg room of the economy seats was quite a problem. I had cramps so I had to move to the backmost seat which was free. I spent the duration of the entire flight from Heathrow to Newark (connecting flight) catching up with my readings. Seeing that I was busy and not relaxing at all the crew were nice and even gave me a box of chocolates! I must mention that the touchdown was the best I have experienced. My recommendation is based purely on this flight alone."
"London - Newark June 14 2014. I used my miles to purchase a ticket back to New York last month and was a bit nervous because I hadn't flown with United in a while and wasn't sure how the quality would be. Luckily it was better than I expected! The entertainment was pretty old and barely usable unless I wanted to go deaf by turning up the volume to its max. Since I wasn't using it flight crew asked me to swap with a couple who had a broken machine which I did. The crew member then forgot to give me my drink skipping my row completely until I reminded him. I was a bit annoyed but you know staff get busy and flustered. I enjoyed my flight smooth and got home safely so cannot fault it. One thing that made me smile is that an older crew member who witnessed me giving up my seat and then getting my drink forgotten thanked me personally and talked about how the crew really wanted to encourage good experiences for everyone. Anyway I quite liked the flight so well done United."
"Flew YYC-IAH yesterday on B737 and have to say nice flight mainly because of the class of service and the nice crew on board. Plane interior had seen better times and looked a bit outdated. Delay almost made up during flight. The friendly skies are much more friendly in Business than in Economy and unfortunately the gap between the 2 classes are way too big. In the future I hope United will shine some friendly 'skylight' towards the back of the planes to really earn the friendly sky status for all classes."
"LAX-SFO one-way on B757-200. Surprisingly United has installed a good IFE system with updated blockbusters collection. Enjoyed my snacks and sweet apple juice on board. Speaker a bit too loud but all in all a surprisingly pleasant experience for such a short flight as 2 hours."
"I flew out of LAX at 6 am July 9 2014. The flight took off at its scheduled time. The only complaint I had concerning this flight is it makes no sense to me for the airline to load the front of the plane first. It would be more efficient and there would be far less congestion in the front of the aircraft. For the flight from LAX the ground staff were very sloppy and inattentive. United has rules concerning the size allowed for carry-ons. Many passengers were allowed to bring full-size suitcases on board and of course the overhead bins rapidly filled up. I was pleased to see the staff at Dulles for my return flight were enforcing the rules and numerous passengers had to check over sized carry-ons. Charging an extra $25 for the first checked bag will preclude my flying United in the future."
"I flew with United for the first time back in June/July flying non-stop on the new service between Edinburgh and Chicago and on to Wausau. I was surprisingly impressed with everything the check-in was fine there was no delays and the \"Premium Access\" (speedy boarding) was worth it. The entertainment options on the way out were of a good choice (by my standards) and sneakily ordering a special meal meant I got fed first (and it was still hot). Think it was chicken and something pretty good by economy standards. The seat was comfortable and obviously for the person in front of me to as she decided to recline her seat for the whole flight but I guess the fact of a spare seat beside me overcame the fact. I was slightly nervous about having to navigate Chicago as after reading reviews I thought it was going to be awfully daunting but everything was quick like seriously only 10 mins in the immigration line extremely impressed with that. Also sneaking into premium access and security at terminal 1 was an added bonus. I had a scheduled stop over of six hours but United decided to double it to 12 as the plane taking me to Wausau was delayed due to weather which I will say not entirely United's fault but some food and drink tokens would not of gone un-noticed. The flight home was all on time and everything went as planned. Thank you United you have impressed me I will be flying this airline again."
"I flew United 148 Newark to Geneva economy July 8. After reading other reviews I was prepared to expect less but was pleasantly surprised. The stewards and stewardesses were prompt with service and very friendly. Seat-back inflight entertainment provided me with many options to kill the 7.5 hour flight. The meal was good for an airplane meal and they were generous with drinks making numerous coffee/soda/water runs. The flight wasn't full and I was able to actually sleep on an international flight which made me happy since I had no one sitting next to me. We left Newark on time and arrived in Geneva on time. They got me there safely and cheerfully. What else can I ask for?"
"The wife and I purchased a last minute Vegas package deal in June through Priceline. We got a non-stop round trip flight with United. We have flown with them before and never had any problems. Unfortunately there was a death in the family and we had to change our departure date. I was not sure if we were locked into our package itinerary and would have to buy new tickets to get home so I called United's Customer Service. I advised them of our situation and the need to go home. There staff told me not to worry and assured me they would get us back in time for the funeral. They arranged a non-stop flight for us to get home with no extra fees. There courteous and swift service was greatly appreciated."
"UA 39 from OSL to EWR 23 June and UA 38 from EWR to OSL 29 June 2014. The plane was on route both directions (OSL-NYC return). The cabin staff made our flight very pleasant. Of course there is not much space in economy seat but it turned out to be manageable."
"UA 39 from OSL to EWR 23 June and UA 38 from EWR to OSL 29 June 2014. The plane was on route both directions (OSL-NYC return). The cabin staff made our flight very pleasant. Of course there is not much space in economy seat but it turned out to be manageable."
"We flew from Birmingham UK to Newark USA (Washington to Las Vegas San Francisco/Newark and then back to Birmingham middle of May and United were brilliant. Seats reserved as requested on all flights so no stress there. A bit more legroom would be good especially when passengers recline their seats usually not necessary. No delays all staff especially those on board very pleasant and most helpful on all flights. Food served was pretty good water offered throughout the various flights. All baggage looked after nothing lost or delayed. A good airline keep it up. [Unfortunately some passengers tend to disregard the comfort of passengers behind them backs of their seats reclined fully from the start and throughout the journey even though not sleeping but watching a movie or playing games]."
"Flew PEK-ORD (flight 850) and ORD-MSP (flight 597) on Monday June 23. United often gets a bad reputation but overall I was very happy with my flights. Flight 850 left on time and arrived early in Chicago. The plane was clean the in-flight entertainment had a great selection of movies and TV shows and the crew were very friendly and helpful. The only problem I have with United's international flights is the lack of free beer and wine in Economy Class. Flight 597 to MSP boarded on time but then we sat on the tarmac for 50 minutes before we were given clearance to leave. Once we did finally take off the rest of the flight was fine. I'm a very happy United customer and would recommend this airline to anyone. While United's CEO is trying to cut costs and is devaluing the airline the flight crew and gate agents still work hard to give customers a great flying experience."
"Flew PEK-ORD (flight 850) and ORD-MSP (flight 597) on Monday June 23. United often gets a bad reputation but overall I was very happy with my flights. Flight 850 left on time and arrived early in Chicago. The plane was clean the in-flight entertainment had a great selection of movies and TV shows and the crew were very friendly and helpful. The only problem I have with United's international flights is the lack of free beer and wine in Economy Class. Flight 597 to MSP boarded on time but then we sat on the tarmac for 50 minutes before we were given clearance to leave. Once we did finally take off the rest of the flight was fine. I'm a very happy United customer and would recommend this airline to anyone. While United's CEO is trying to cut costs and is devaluing the airline the flight crew and gate agents still work hard to give customers a great flying experience."
"We flew LGA-DEN-LAX in United First. Were able to use the United Clubs in both La Guardia and Denver as we were continuing on an international flight from LAX on a Star Alliance Carrier. Pleasant check-in agent checked our bags direct through to Brisbane which saved us having to collect luggage in Los Angeles. First leg on A319 with only 8 in the first cabin was fantastic. One of the best FAs we have ever encountered. Food was very good and drinks flowed freely. Only gripe on this sector was lack of in flight entertainment. The aircraft was equipped with Wi-Fi but you had to pay to use it even in the first class cabin. Not much positive to write about the second leg on B737-900. One food option offered. If you didn't want it too bad. Not even offered a snack from the buy on board menu. Once service was over the FAs sat in the galley and proceeded to talk extremely loudly for the rest of the flight. You could hear them even with headphones on. This aircraft had free TV options. Overall score is largely based on first leg of this trip."
"I recently completed 3 trips on United DEN-LGA and EWR-DEN with 5 out of 6 segments in First. Overall the product is decent for domestic first class. Crew on all 6 legs were generally very friendly and chatty with the passengers (all were DEN or SFO based). They worked the whole 4 hour flight and were constantly refilling glasses. Food was a little bland but was served well along with fresh baked cookies. Problem is inconsistency in on-board products with old CO aircraft having in seat TV and UA aircraft with old overhead monitors. Some aircraft's with WI-Fi and some without which makes it difficult to work. Of the 6 flights 3 were right on time with early arrivals and 3 were delayed 45 minutes mainly because of ATC issues in NYC area."
"We flew from IAD to BRU with United. (Boeing 777). Very nice cabin crew normal catering good flight. Flight was delayed but we got good information from the flight deck."
"We flew from IAD to BRU with United. (Boeing 777). Very nice cabin crew normal catering good flight. Flight was delayed but we got good information from the flight deck."
"IAH-PTY and reverse. Pleasant staff decent food plane rather small for business class no musical options in entertainment system."
"TPE-SFO-TPE. Economy Plus. B-777 aircraft. United has become a very average airline. Economy\"plus\" seats are really not much better than normal economy especially if you can get regular economy seats near exits or bulkheads. Food was mediocre. Flight attendants were considerably older than other airlines and seemed to be worn out as evidenced by their indifferent and even sarcastic attitudes. Compare them to All Nippon for example where the attendants are super friendly and bend over backwards for passengers. The return leg was late out of SFO by about 90 minutes. The one saving grace for this United flight was the price which was significantly lower than other TPE-SFO non stops. So I guess you get what you pay for. Recommended for price but if you can afford it any of the Asian airlines offer better service."
"I recently flew in the first class section of a United Airlines 757 from Orlando to Dulles (about a 2 hour flight). The only things to like is that I arrived promptly on schedule and my seat was larger than a coach seat. Otherwise there is absolutely no reason to fly first class on United domestically. I asked for a blanket and was told after some time that \"the supervisor said we don't stock blankets on flights from Florida\". Then less than 1 minute later a different flight attendant brought a large clear plastic bag full of blankets onto the plane and put them into a closet in first class! I'd just left Disney World and the contrast of the Disney quality of service versus United's was stark. I began to wonder if the safety and evacuation training for United employees is better than their customer service training otherwise you better hope you never need them!"
"YYC-IAH-MUC in Y. As an Aeroplan Elite I got premier access check in and boarding which was greatly appreciated. I also like that United seems to be making an effort to control oversized carry-ons. As a result both flights even the full flight to Munich left with all bags in the cabin. Planes were comfortable and clean (A320 and 764) with adequate room for my 5'8\" self. Crews were generally fantastic a real surprise given United's reputation. I like United's boarding structure as it prevents a mad dash to board and worked very well making boarding easy and comfortable. Only gripe is food on 10 hour IAH-MUC flight- small dinner and then before landing a mini croissant and small fruit cup- This is what I usually get on YYZ-MUC but that is a 7 hour flight. I expected more on this longer route and can imagine that some larger passengers were quite hungry! Connection in IAH was also very easy no security screening required no bus or train either even though I had to change terminals. Very impressed!"
"I recently flew in the first class section of a United Airlines 757 from Orlando to Dulles (about a 2 hour flight). The only things to like is that I arrived promptly on schedule and my seat was larger than a coach seat. Otherwise there is absolutely no reason to fly first class on United domestically. I asked for a blanket and was told after some time that \"the supervisor said we don't stock blankets on flights from Florida\". Then less than 1 minute later a different flight attendant brought a large clear plastic bag full of blankets onto the plane and put them into a closet in first class! I'd just left Disney World and the contrast of the Disney quality of service versus United's was stark. I began to wonder if the safety and evacuation training for United employees is better than their customer service training otherwise you better hope you never need them!"
"I'm satisfied with my first couple of flights with United May-June 2014. I flew transatlantic EWR-Zurich and LHR T2-EWR I tried outbound on a premium plus seat for 125$ add on pretty comfortable. I'm only disappointed because I did not receive my special meal as requested the air hostess asked me to confirm with United's customer service centre next time. Otherwise arrived on time clean comfortable although too cold cabin. Good entertainment. I'm giving United also a good satisfaction rate because of 100% mileage earned on my loyalty program of another Star Alliance member."
"I was surprised at such a pleasant experience. We flew two US internal flights. The first was on time the second twenty mins late due to a minor technical fault. We were impressed with the monitors in the gate area showing available seating on the aircraft and probable departure time. We had no problem with carry on baggage. On the first flight people who had not checked in bigger bags were given labels and picked up their bags when they got off the plane. Plane was clean staff friendly coffee OK and the seat comfort was OK. No complaints - and I have to say I have suffered a lot worse."
"AMS-ORD 11 Jul. I had a most wonderful flight on United from Amsterdam to Chicago. The flight attendants were warm and made the experience one to remember. The flight departed and arrived on time. The new business class seats are great though I did not try the lie-flat option. I was in the pair next to the galley - fair warning the freezer compartment is next to the aisle seat and does make noise - need to wear your headphones. Food was great - had Thai chicken for main. However to repeat it was the flight attendants that made this flight one of the best I have experienced."
"I read the reviews of this airline and was terrified. However we flew San Antonio to Dulles and Dulles to Boston and we were impressed. OK so the leg room is not fantastic but its better than many. The plane was reasonably clean the staff friendly and the coffee drinkable. Furthermore the flight to Dulles was on time. The Boston one left about 20 mins late due to an error light re the toilet showing in the cockpit but again the plane was clean and the staff friendly and efficient. No complaints."
"UA1284 EWR-SFO 14 May 2014. No IFE or WiFi on a transcon? That's what I found when flying on brand new 737-900. I've flown UA's older -900s and they have DirecTV-okay you have to pay for it but it's still better than nothing. The flight itself was pleasant the new seats reasonably comfortable. One thing I've always liked about UA is that at least one flight attendant comes out every 30 minutes or so and has cups of water or the beverage cart coming around. But no entertainment? I could have flown Southwest they don't claim to have IFE on their flights."
"LHR-IAH-CUN-IAH-LHR. Flew United Airlines they upgraded me to Economy Plus for free due to my disability. I enjoyed my flight. Staff really helpful. Food was alright."
"Newark to London Heathrow 4 June. Found them ok in all areas. Plane very clean drinks brought around regularly. Seat comfortable with plenty of legroom."
"Newark to London Heathrow 4 June. Found them ok in all areas. Plane very clean drinks brought around regularly. Seat comfortable with plenty of legroom."
"We travelled to NY 28/5/14 with United Airlines and from the minute we went to check in desk we where treated with courtesy. The staff were both friendly and helpful. Once on the plane we again had the same experience. The food was ok and served hot. The choice of films etc was great and to have the chance to charge your devices was very handy. On our return we were due to fly with a different airline but we missed our flights. The other airline couldn't care less and said we would need to pay $1300 each to get home. We decided to go over to the United desk to see if they could offer any help. They went above and beyond to help us get on another flight with a different company for no charge."
"We flew UA893 SFO to ICN on B747 on 29th May 2014. Flight was delayed 2 times - captain rejected the first plane due to technical issue and the replaced plane returned to gate after found technical glitch while taxiing. Overall almost 5 hours delay. The captain tried his best to kept us updated on the delays. Instruction of allowing passengers to leave the plane during the delay was not clear resulted in passenger wandering around the bridge area. Cabin crew changed after the 2nd delay which turned out to be a plus point to us. Original crew serving the upper deck was grumpy the replacement crew (original crew gone probably due to extended hour) was fantastic provided one of the better quality service to a almost fully filled business class cabin. The plane was old and there was sign of dirt especially around the edges of the window frame. Seat itself was comfortable. It is weird to see UA cramping 2-4-2 seat in business class. Food was delicious. Inflight entertainment was average. For the price paid UA has exceeded our expectation."
"ORD to LHR in a fully refurbished 767-300ER. Efficient and helpful check in. Nice lounge was very busy but had nice atmosphere and nice bar tenders. Boarding efficient. Very good seating notwithstanding 6 abreast and good cabin ambience. Some pairs of seats are backwards facing but not a big issue. Professional and helpful crew who were well organised attentive and efficient - a real surprise. Very good choice of wines and OK food but nice desert and very good cheese plate. Seat in sleeping position was good and nice large pillow. Big screen noise reduction earphones and OK programming with mostly American content. Many language options. Luggage return quick. Overall very impressed and would consider better than transatlantic AC and LH flights taken in previous 3 weeks."
"Louisville - Houston - Denver - Reno. All flights on time. Plenty of drink runs on all flights. Snack boxes for purchase but I did not try any. All the staff were friendly except for a grumpy check-in clerk at Louisville. My check-in bag was 54.5 lbs so was asked to remove an item. I pulled out one slipper and that dropped the weight down to 54 lbs and that was acceptable according to the clerk. I asked her if she was serious and she said yes. So I put one slipper in my carry on and went on my way. Flew on an EMB175 from Louisville to Houston which was way to small of a plane for that distance but I pretty much slept the whole flight. Then was on a 787 Dreamliner from Houston to Denver. Thought that was kind of a big plane for that flight but what a brilliant aircraft. New quiet and very comfortable. The plane was heading to Tokyo from Denver hence the need for the large craft. Then an A320 on to Reno. Everything went like clockwork so no complaints and my luggage arrived safely minus the slipper I had to take out in Louisville."
"IAH to YYC on Boeing 737-800. Smooth check-in. Organized boarding. Clean aircraft decent seat and legroom. Pro-active crew and multiple offerings of beverages. Bags on baggage belt by the time I arrived there."
"EWR-PVG on a 777-200. Economy Plus exit window seat. Was able to get this seat without paying for it due to a bug in the online seat map (otherwise it would be an extra $192). Overall it was a satisfying flight given I only paid a little above 600 dollars for this non-stop flight which would usually be over 900. The food was standard but not very adequate. There were friendly flight attendants but some were very rude and indifferent. Entertainment was ok but the system was sluggish. The headset did not work but I was able to use my own earphones. Lavatories were not very well maintained and I didn't see any flight attendant clean it during the entire flight. However all these negative aspects were overpowered by the price and the free exit window seat. Would definitely fly them again."
"Rome to Newark (EWR) in Business First departing at 9:50 a.m. We were lucky that we could use the miles we had accrued with the United Mileage Plus card for this trip and were very happy with the flight. United uses Alitalia lounge for BusinessFirst customers which is located in the basement of the terminal. It's very dated with white leather chairs and orange plexiglass dividers between seating sections. There is a bar just beyond the entrance which looked very poorly stocked with almost empty bottles of various liquor and the surly server behind the counter begrudging made espressos on order. Food consisted of some bread butter jam small croissants and cold cereal. Overall a real disappointing experience. The flight was announced in the lounge and we proceeded to board. We were in seats 3K and 3L. Others have commented that the person in the window seat has to climb over the person in the aisle seat which is true. Once seated we were offered a choice of OJ Champagne Mimosa or water and handed our menus. Our flight attendants introduced themselves as did the flight customer service manager (not really sure what that means). After takeoff we were offered a beverage and warm nuts. Food service began and was very well done - in courses. Four options for entrees were given and wine was offered throughout the meal service. After lunch a cheese cart was offered followed by made-to-order sundaes. All in all very good. The new seats are fairly comfortable although at 6'1\" I found myself having to bend my legs a bit when lying down. Working the leg/foot and head rests took some getting used to. My biggest criticism would be that the \"storage\" shelf is over your shoulder and behind you. This includes the jack for the headset which I kept pulling out when I turned in the seat. It was hard to get to and pretty unusable. The entertainment selection was excellent with great late run movies television shows and music. An hour before landing we were offered a snack consisting of a chicken empanda fruit salad cucumber salad and chocolate. We landed 1/2 hour early and were the first off the plane. All in all a great flight."
"Flew YEG to Amsterdam through Houston return in business first. Flight crew on all flights were great very professional and hard working. The one complaint was the food Tasteless overcook and very little variety. Also cabin could be kept a little tidier. Other than that good flights."
"IAH-SFO on A319 and SFO-IAH on B787. Comparing the 2 legs with 2 different aircraft is hard. I would look forward to more planes look like the Dreamliner in regards to age and cleanness. I have no complaints but just general concerns. Economy Plus is just the more legroom nothing more nothing less. It's the small things that can add up a pillow here and tiny bag of peanuts there and lets say a complementary cocktail on longer flights in Eco Plus to stand up to the \"Premium Eco Class\" and to be \"Eco Plus friendly. I miss the work hard-fly right slogan."
"Boeing 777 SYD-LAX LAX-SFO SFO-SYD. Service was professional Food surprisingly good. IFE very good. Boeing 777 legroom is good. I'm not crazy on these new economy seats on United when the seat recline the seat base moves forward. This is not good for the back and make sleeping less comfortable. Altogether very good experience plus receiving 100% miles even though the ticket was discounted."
"Travelled from Manchester UK to Newark then onwards to Las Vegas. Was very apprehensive after reading some dreadful reviews of UA. Became more apprehensive when attempting online check in 24hrs before the flight - our two seats were not together which for a long flight was a concern. After trying to finalise online check in I received an error message informing me online checkin hadn't worked. Arrived at Manchester and told that unlikely we'd get seats together in fact the flight full so although we had seats they were yet to be allocated & we'd need to wait for further instructions at the boarding gate. Luckily somehow we went from having seats apart to having no seats to somehow having an upgrade to Economy Plus! No idea how on a full flight we managed this but was great. Fantastic legroom (would pay extra on long haul now I know how much better the legroom. Food very good eggplant lasagne was lovely. Inflight entertainment was very good. Flights ahead of time. Internal flight between Newark & Las Vegas fairly standard neither good nor bad. Found direct comparison between Economy Plus & Economy legroom! No free food offered on the 5hr internal flight although available to purchase. Overall was very pleased with the flights however unsure I'd want a repeat of the apprehension again wondering if we had seats never mind sitting together! I'm scoring high for what we received but unsure I'd travel with them again as could so easily have turned out badly & also couldn't recommend to friends in case they have the nerves I had in advance and at the airport caused by UA procedure FOR online checkin/not allocating seats/together."
"Reno-Denver-Chicago-Louisville. All flights on time. Late check-in at Reno (my fault) and the ground staff helped to rush me through and make the flight all with a positive attitude and was greeted upon boarding the plane. Each flight was about 85% full so not packed in. Leg room was just fine on the A320 B757 and EMB175. All attendants pleasant with just enough drink runs on each flight. All beverages were free including spirits. This was in economy! Arrived on time in Louisville more than happy with my day flying across country on three different flights. Plus my luggage made it. Maybe I am just lucky but United always seems to work out great for me. Used my air miles so this round trip only cost me $10."
"IAD-SFO and SFO-IAD Flew United non-stop in economy. Absolutely no complaints. The planes were clean on time and the flight attendants were very good - always working. We brought our own food on board so cannot comment on the food sold. On the SFO-IAD flight there was quite a bit of turbulence but the pilot handled it very well. All of the United employees we encountered in the air and on the ground were friendly helpful and seemed to be happy in their jobs."
"We flew to Puerto Vallarta and back with a connection in Houston. Believe it or not flying United we actually had a fairly decent experience. Yes the seats in coach are tight and uncomfortable. But at least 2 of the 4 flights left on time. Both flights to PV were on time and landed a bit ahead of schedule. We weren't so lucky on our return flights. The flight out of PV was delayed about a half hour because our plane arrived late. The flight out of Houston was delayed about 90 minutes but wasn't United's fault. There were many storms in Texas that night especially in Austin where our plane was coming from. So again the delay was not the fault of United. When we finally did leave we hit a lot of turbulence but that was expected due to the weather. All in all United did OK. Other then a few of their complimentary drinks that's all we had on the plane. We refuse to pay for airline food. Not once on any flight did either my wife or myself use the bathroom. So to some it up even though I hate to fly this experience wasn't that bad."
"Traveled CLE-SFO-NRT-MNL March 15th returned May 7th. Business class. Booked this reluctantly experience a year earlier was not so great on the SFO-NRT leg. In cabin service and food was terrible. This year was a world different. All flights on time or early food was good inflight service was very good the inflight entertainment worked great check in was very friendly and attentive. The final leg is serviced by ANA. Last year the difference between UA and ANA was dramatic. This year practically seamless. The only change this year was that we were on the upper deck this time. We were amazed at the transformation in a year's time. Younger attentive flight attendants friendly service and all worked as planned. Great transformation!"
"FRA-SFO on 747-400 this might have been a 9 or 10 star review except for the very late (over 30 minutes) delivery of bags at SFO with priority bags not apparently given any priority - service onboard was impeccable - staff were attentive and professional and did everything they could to make the long flight as comfortable as possible - UA really does need to start handing out pyjamas in F and could also make the bed softer as well as making the blankets thicker and wider if they really want passengers to get some good sleep. Food was OK nothing special - the mushroom soup in a very small cup was the best course while the beef was tough."
"Business class AMS-ORD-YVR. Check in went very smooth departure with 15 minutes delay due to air traffic control. I was seated in a window seat which was ok but if you want to get out of it you have to bother your neighbor. Flight attendants were quite old no youngsters like on flights with KLM. Food selection and service were good. Also the inflight entertainment was sufficient. With a small delay we landed at ORD. The flight to YVR was not special in business. Snack was below average and seat is medium. Overall satisfying and would do it again for the price."
"Flew TLV-EWR-SFO and back flights were on time boarding was smooth crew were pleasant and friendly. Food standard airplane but served hot. Experience from flying with other airlines we came equipped with movies books on our tablets."
"Just returned from USA. SYD-SFO-LV-NY-SFO-SYD. Overall very good experience - travelling with 3 others inc 2 Children. Upgraded both international legs to economy Plus - makes a world of difference. Staff on Board were very welcoming (not OTT but very professional). Only gripe was that after a late Arrival NY-SFO it was announced that for those connecting to Sydney Australia that plane was being held (there were about 10 of us) and that we needed to proceed to International Gate 102. We all arrived there as quick as possible only to be told the plane was not going to wait and never was. The delay ex NY was not a UA issue - ground staff at Newark. Anyway - proceeded back to Customer Service desk where a fantastic attendant was very helpful provided us with a comp at the Crown Plaza near Airport and gave us some comfort packs. With 777 aircraft replacing 747 ex Sydney United will get my business again (at the right price)."
"My flight out of Austin to San Francisco was delayed over an hour which caused me to miss my next flight. That flight was the last one out of SF for the night. The 3 people at the counter in Austin told me bluntly that there would be no compensation for the fact that I was going to stay the night sleeping in the terminal in SF. When I arrived in SF I went to the counter in Terminal 1 looking to get my boarding pass for the next day. I was handed hotel and food vouchers. I use United because they're the only carrier out of my smallish town (Chico CA) and before getting that voucher I had promised myself never to use United and to drive the almost 2 hours to Sacramento to use another carrier."
"My first trip to Asia IAD-SFO-ICN (Seoul Incheon) and back. A319 from IAD to SFO was small first class seats were old and not great. FA's were good food was OK Flew global first on a 747 to Seoul. Toilets stopped working half way through the flight and we landed in Osaka for repairs. Delayed my trip by two hours but the crew handled it well. Return flights was upstairs in business first seat was narrow but not bad IFE was good food was also good. SFO to IAD on a 757-200 that had to be 25 years old with CRT IFE from 1990. FA's were excellent but the plane needs to be retired. Overall a good trip and I truly think once United modernizes its fleet it needs to decide if it wants to compete with the foreign carriers. If so maybe a few less seats in business class get away from 2-4-2 configuration and perhaps better first class seating in the domestic fleet."
"LAX-NRT-LAX (en-route to BKK) BizFirst on UA's new 787. Service both directions was really top notch. The crew were professional and attentive and on both legs the International Service Co-ordinator came to personally thank each passenger for their business and for choosing United (I thought that added a very nice touch). Meals were actually quite good and the wine parings worked well. Opted for the Japanese meal on the return and found it pleasantly delicious (including the array of sushi appetizers). The best thing about the trip was the aircraft. Arrived refreshed and didn't feel like I'd spent 12 hours in an airplane upon landing. Would recommend flying the a/c wherever possible. Overall high marks for this flight."
"United Express: I flew from ORD to ASE in March and although they have us over a barrel as they are the only airline with non- stops the flight wasn't bad. We had to cram into a little regional jet definitely much smaller than United's traditional mainline aircraft but it was a relatively new plane. The seats did seem smaller but the service was jut about the same as its big brother. The fare was on the high side though."
"SFO-LAX and LAX-LHR - in the recent past this airline has made my no-fly list for being unreliable to the point of fitting the description of \"not fit for purpose\" so I was reluctant to use them on this routing but had no choice as it was part of a Star Alliance mileage redemption. In fact both flights were easy to check in with no surprises boarded in an orderly way pushed early the crew were friendly the meal on the 777 from LA to London was tasty the entertainment options on the 777 were diverse and well chosen (and no tedious pre-roll ads before the movies) and my bags were on the carousel promptly. Couldn't ask for more so they're off my no-fly list and fingers crossed for a few more flights like this. All we need now is to get rid of the ghastly 90s photoshop globe with the wonky perspective and bring back the Saul Bass tulip."
"SAN-IAH-AMS LHR-LAX-SAN in economy plus. Planes were clean service was professional and pleasant food decent IFE was very good and my baggage arrived with me. One flight segment IAH-AMS was 40 minutes late departing but arrived on time thanks to strong tailwinds. No complaints."
"Flew SFO to PEK on 29th March in First and we had an exceptional crew. I'm not normally one to post positive reviews about United but they deserve this one. We found all flight attendants to be friendly eager to assist and they tried their best to meet all requests. The food was tasty and served at the appropriate temperature. It's still not exactly an elegant service but it's good."
"I flew from Heathrow to Charleston (SC) via Washington Dulles for vacation in late March. I flew UA123 which was a B757-200. This was an old plane but it had great AVOD and leg space and the staff were friendly. The flight was also early and very empty which is always a plus. The connections were typical subsidiary small airline service; nothing special nothing bad and on time. On my return from Washington our B777-2000 was delayed due to a fuel problem however the entertainment system was left on so we could finish our film. After a 45min delay the plane left and made up the time coming back across the Atlantic. This plane was half-empty and had been recently refurbished with a great AVOD system and spacious seating. Cabin crew were very helpful. I would definitely recommend United on the Heathrow - Washington route."
"LAX-SFO-SEA-LAX in United First. Outbound legs to Seattle were great. Service was warm and personalized even if only snack basket and drinks were offered on these short runs. Where United really shined was on the return flight. Original SEA-LAX flight was canceled due to mechanical on inbound aircraft. I received a text message with this update and before I could even get to the agent UA had me rebooked on another carrier getting in just 30 minutes after my original UA routing. When I got up to the agent she had my ticket ready and waiting for me. I fly United almost every week and seldom have cancellations or major delays. Regardless the way they handled this one was flawless and I couldn't have asked for better service all-around."
"UA28 9/3/14. Noticed online that aircraft had been changed from 777 to a 767-400 which wasn't an issue as the 400s have AVOD entertainment similar to 777 and are far superior in comfort than the older 767-300. The service on this flight was good after the food service there was plenty of drinks runs and the cabin crew were happy to oblige when you went to galley for more. I only purchased one alcoholic drink on this flight as united charge $7 for a beer which in my view is a bit steep for a long haul flight but typical of an American carrier. Having flown with united before I knew what to expect and I wasn't disappointed and most importantly I got from a to b at a reasonable price."
"Flew SLC to ORD then ORD to DCA both flights were great. The crew on both were very friendly and professional. We arrived early on both flights. I was in economy plus so plenty of leg room. Direct tv was available on ORD to DCA leg. I have flown a few of the discount airlines lately and was reminded how nice it is to fly United. Great trip!"
"Flew VIE-FRA-IAD on 5 Jan 14 all economy. First leg was on LH1237 on a A321 second leg UA933 on a B777. Was prepared for a steerage experience on UA but felt the economy seat was surprisingly comfortable and the dinner ok as well. However there was a charge for wine/beer on this international flight of 9 hrs. I contrast this with the LH flight from VIE: complimentary sandwich and complementary wine/beer on a 90 min. flight! Try getting that on a US domestic flight!"
"Birmingham (BHX) to West Palm Beach (PBI) via Newark (EWR) Business Class. Outbound 25 Feb Inbound 10/11 Mar. Reading some of the reviews about United it would seem to be an airline to avoid however as it flies from my local airport I am more than happy to fly with them. The flights listed above all departed on time or within 10 minutes of schedule all arrived early allowing for hassle free connections. The service by both check in staff and onboard staff was perfect a lot of passenger complaints for this airline relate to staff attitudes well the attitude question works both ways some passengers are downright rude to check in and cabin crew. I have one or two gripes about the flights I am amazed at what is allowed on board as hand luggage are these people so important that saving a few minutes by missing baggage reclaim is of paramount importance to them. The entertainment system was not fully functional on the international legs. All in all the whole experience was a pleasant one I would recommend this airline for people in the West Midlands flying to the US albeit travelling in Business makes a difference but the premium economy and economy cabin looked to be ok as well."
"Flew Dublin - Newark - Washington Dulles on 6th March on a B757 and then a D8. The cross Atlantic flight was fine on time reasonable seat good choice of movies etc. but the food was very poor - potatoes hard as was the bread no choice - it was meat or meat. On the hop from Newark to Dulles I was surprised how noisy it was though I was close to the engines. United seem to call people forward now by group number as printed on there boarding pass as opposed to seat number blocks. Not sure it helps and fail to see the logic of filling from the front back - getting the people at the back in first means less blocked aisles."
"NRT-BKK. Uneventful trip on a route about to be abandoned by United. Surprising considering the 747 was packed to the brim. Boarding was chaotic and those of us in business class had no idea where to line up to board. Nice hard product but uninspiring service and meal. Overworked flight attendant working business class in the dome got the job done though. Pilot had Channel 9 (air traffic control) activated which is one of the nice features that only United can claim. The RCC lounge at NRT has much to be desired - hands down had the worst cappuccino in my life there."
"Flew UAL 218 first class from HNL-ORD then connected to UAL express ORD-YWG. Service better than expected. 777-200 had recliner seats with no flatbeds for an 8 hour flight. No inflight entertainment as WiFI was not working and the old school entertainment system had already been removed. In-Charge offered all passengers compensation through UA Website. Offer on the web site was $125 off the next UA Flight for US residents or 10% off next UA flight to be used within 1 year for international travellers. Dinner and breakfast were served. Quality of both meals were OK and reminded me of Y class meals from days gone by. Ice cream sundae cart made the rounds after dinner. First Class Attendants ensured beverages were topped up and one FA even made sure water glasses were topped up while passengers slept. Difficult to find a comfortable position to sleep in recliner chairs. However the ticket price was reasonable for the passenger space offered on the aircraft. For an 8 hour overnight flight First class should offer flatbeds IMHO. UAL Express connector flight ORD-YWG ran 1 hour late due to off loading of baggage when connecting passengers failed to show. Almost an expected delay on any airline these days."
"LHR-IAH-GUA. Prebooked upgrade 3 wks before travel. Check in easy with assistance from staff. Flight left on time and arrived on time in Houston. Flight attendants were friendly and the food was pretty average. You pay for your own alcohol which I don't have a problem with but theirs is expensive. Entertainment selection ok. Prem econ seats offer nothing more than extra legroom about 4\" but was worth it on long haul. Nothing to complain about there and using Houston for transit we were impressed with the speedy immigration channels which took much of the hassle out of using the States. IAH-GUA also on time and again a typical short flight with nothing special but nothing to complain about."
"LAX-JFK and return. Never flew United previously so after reading many reviews had lowered my expectations. I thought it was pretty good. I paid extra for more legroom which was well worth the money. Cabin crew came through the cabin regularly offering water or juice on the JFK-LAX leg in particular. The seats are more comfortable than Qantas economy and likewise the entertainment was a bit better also. My biggest complaint is the amount of luggage/baggage United allow passengers to drag onto the plane. If you are Group 5 (aisle seats) and the last to board all the bins are full of people's stuff from seats away! Even a pre-boarding offer to check wheelie bags for free due to a full flight was met with disinterest. It really is one area needing tightening up."
"Flew UAL 218 first class from HNL-ORD then connected to UAL express ORD-YWG. Service better than expected. 777-200 had recliner seats with no flatbeds for an 8 hour flight. No inflight entertainment as WiFI was not working and the old school entertainment system had already been removed. In-Charge offered all passengers compensation through UA Website. Offer on the web site was $125 off the next UA Flight for US residents or 10% off next UA flight to be used within 1 year for international travellers. Dinner and breakfast were served. Quality of both meals were OK and reminded me of Y class meals from days gone by. Ice cream sundae cart made the rounds after dinner. First Class Attendants ensured beverages were topped up and one FA even made sure water glasses were topped up while passengers slept. Difficult to find a comfortable position to sleep in recliner chairs. However the ticket price was reasonable for the passenger space offered on the aircraft. For an 8 hour overnight flight First class should offer flatbeds IMHO. UAL Express connector flight ORD-YWG ran 1 hour late due to off loading of baggage when connecting passengers failed to show. Almost an expected delay on any airline these days."
"LAS-LAX-RNO. One way trip at the last moment due to family matters. Had enough miles in the bank to make this work. The schedule was perfect albeit a change of planes in LAX but only a short layover. Took off from Vegas a few minutes late. A short flight from LAS to LAX and the flight attendants passed by twice with beverage service. The plane was comfortable the flight good and we were in LAX before I knew it. Connecting flight from LAX to RNO was fine. Another short jaunt and again the attendants made two beverage stops. I brought my own food on to the plane so I was good. I know problems can arise that are out of our control but maybe I am one of the lucky one's. United has always done right by me. I know if I board a plane with a smile and say hello I will get that right back. I don't always expect the flight crew to be lavishing over me in economy by any means. A smile on either end goes a long ways. I have done many short and long hauls with United over the years and only once did I have an issue. United has treated me well and has my business."
"EWR-ZRH onboard 767-400. Rolled away from gate right on time landed in Zurich one hour early. 2-1-2 business class configuration great if traveling alone. Had center single seat which was comfortable and private. Classic movies on IFE was wonderful. Food was decent. Service was efficient but indifferent. Definitely no smiles."
"LHR-ORD on 25 Feb. Flight departed on time and arrived 40 min early. 2 of 3 FA's good with prompt service. Third was trying but seemed befuddled at multi-tasking thus often a step or two behind. Nice touch that rather than leave the mid flight option at the galley they did a more formalized service. Food on primary meal was so-so for example my tilapia and shrimp had no tilapia. The per-arrival burrito was actually quite good. Seats were comfortable though a bit narrow and limited space to neighbor."
"Flew FRA-EWR and IAD-FRA last week and I have to confess: flying United is like blind tasting every-flavor beans. Their website and mobile app are an atrocity then again the flights were absolutely fine. The 15+ years old B777s with refurbished 3-3-3 cabins are way more spacious than many of the newer planes though 31\" seat pitch in coach feels borderline cramped. IFE screens are tiny but the AVOD selection is downright impressive. Unlike previous trips the staff were courteous attentive and efficient. Even the meals were rather delicious as far as airline food goes. There was plenty of drinks throughout the flight frequent updates from the crew and we even cut down a 40min delay to an on-time arrival to FRA - altogether an enjoyable travel experience."
"I was very pleased with the service I received on United during the recent bout of nasty weather. I left Charlotte going to Chicago and then onto Duluth MN. My Charlotte-Chicago flight was cancelled due to the weather and the agent here in Charlotte handled things quite professionally. The same held true in O'Hare when flying back to Charlotte. It was snowing pretty hard in Chicago and a number of flights were already cancelled. I asked to be rebooked on an earlier flight that was scheduled to go out. Again the agent handled things quite well. I wish all carriers had airport staff as professional as those at United."
"We just finished a trip to Belize from Edmonton Canada. This was our first time using a US airline. We flew with United and we were pleasantly surprised. Our only real issue was that the TV's were not available."
"GLA-EWR-MCO return. Transatlantic flights were pretty decent considering they were on a 757-200. The staff were friendly enough and the food both ways was fine either chicken beef or veggie option soft drinks free pay for alcohol. Flights in the US were OK with more legroom than the transatlantic flights and both were pretty much on time. Overall a decent enough product if you don't set your expectations too high and with United flying direct to the US from Glasgow I would use them again for the convenience of not flying via London or Amsterdam."
"YOW-ORD-HNL-LIH and return HNL-ORD-YOW. We were lucky to have a great inflight crew both ways. Perhaps the inflight crew was in a great mood going to Hawaii and as well maybe a very relaxed crew returning home. Goes to show you what a difference in a great attitude makes. The passengers were also very co-operative. We did leave Chicago 3 hours late. We had to finally switch planes. Good thing that the replacement plane had the same seat configuration which avoided a lot of chaos. Wish all my flights were as positive as this one."
"Just returned from a 3 week trip LHR-ORD-SEA returned ACV-SFO-LHR much better flight with united then previous flights in 2013. Inflight entertainment much improved food pretty much the same flew economy plus cabin free alcohol outbound but alcohol charged on the inbound flights. Far greater than Virgin Atlantic will fly United again when I travel in two months."
"Flew LAX-SFO-ORD-LAX last week in First. Had a really enjoyable service and even with a 45 minute weather delay due to incoming aircraft off the east coast still arrived in O'Hare relatively punctual. Outbound aircraft was the 737-900 with Boeing Sky Interior - which is very calming for a 4.5 hour flight. The only drawback was it was so new that the IFE hadn't been installed yet (not a deal-breaker as I normally read/work). Return aircraft 757-200 International config with on-demand. The best part of the trip were the crew. Both directions they were attentive and intuitive. They learned my drink order upon getting settled in and never had to ask again (with repeated re-fills). Menus have been upgraded and for a domestic First it was a great experience and worth the ticket."
"Flew from HKG-ORD and ORD to IAD. I had very low expectations on United. Surprisingly HKG-ORD ultra long haul flight has excellent service. Probably this is because the flight is staffed by Hong Kong-based crews. The 777-200ER aircraft has decent AVOD. Food is average but the crews offer multiple drink runs throughout the flight. ORD to IAD domestic flight is normal US standard. Only drink is served. PTV is useless unless you pay to watch Direct TV. Service by cabin crew very average. The experience is 4 star for the international flight and I would not hesitate to fly United if Hong Kong crews serve the flight."
"ORD-FLL on 18 January. Paid for upgrade to 1st class as a birthday treat! Very helpful staff at ORD to assist with check-in. As a Star Alliance Gold with A3 following security checks I was able to use the Club Lounge facilities. Being morning items for a continental type breakfast were available. The lounge was however very busy. The flight boarded on time and departed 30 minutes late due to airport operational issues at FLL. (out of the control of UA) Orders for breakfast were taken prior to departure (2 choices) and delivered in a friendly way while en-route. The aircraft B737-800 appeared new the cabin was clean and comfortable. In spite of the late departure the flight arrived in FLL around 5 minutes late."
"IAD to DEN. Economy class on a 757. On time for departure and arrival quite good service from attendants. Aircraft sported outdated overhead CRT for in flight entertainment and my audio jack didn't work correctly. Also no wifi or power outlets. Seats comfy but a little small. Had to pay 9 dollars for a large snack which is too much frankly. Fine for the low fare I got but not much else."
"I personally have had few problems with them over the last several months. Recently did DEN-SFO-HNL and back. All flights on time and with early arrivals DEN-SFO segments with newer aircraft with PTVs. The SFO-HNL segments were on the oldest 777 I have ever seen - no food no entertainment nothing for 5 hours is not really acceptable. Crews smiled on all segments and actually seemed happy to be at work which is a change. Ground staff at SFO were also helpful."
"Verified Review | Austin to San Francisco. The flight from to SFO was uneventful and I had a pretty good experience. The return flight not so much. In the end, the flight was 2.5 hours late into Austin. There was no issue with weather; it is still unclear why we had such a delay. Virgin did a very poor job of explaining it and really provided no information about the delay until after our flight was to have departed. Once we pushed back from the gate, it took about 1 hour before we took off. Then, about 20 minutes after take-off, some people started to get up to use the rest room. They were quickly scolded since the fasten seat belt sign was still on. Once the pilot finally turned off the sign, about a dozen people jumped out of their seats and formed a long line for the restrooms at the back of the plane. I waited a while, and once the rest room in the front was unoccupied for a couple of minutes, I went up and used it. I was in row 5, so very near the front. As I returned to my seat, the flight attended reminded me that the rest room in the front was for first class. I said I understood that but there was a long line in the back and they had already had us on the plane for a couple of hours, so I had to do what I had to do. She scolded me some more and made me promise that I would not use the first class restroom for the remainder of the flight. Then another person from row 4 went to use the front rest room. She refused to let him and insisted that he join the long line in the back. On other flights, we have been told that it is also against the rules to form a long line for the rest rooms. When the crew came through for drinks, they gave mostly ice and only about 2/3 of a cup of soda. I felt that the flight crew was rude and not very understanding given the situation that they created for their customers, and not very service oriented. The entertainment system was good and the seats were not bad relative to other airlines."
"Verified Review | Washington to Los Angeles. I was pleasantly surprised by the entire flying experience on Virgin America. Comfy seats, free entertainment that's easy to access, tasty food for purchase, very nice staff, on-time boarding and takeoff - so much better than my experiences on United Airlines."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Los Cabos. Virgin America has always been a good airline and this flight was nice and easy! They have tons of entertainment on their screen! Wifi is very expensive at $16. A couple of our family members had trouble with the remotes not fully working, but overall a great airline to fly!"
"Verified Review | Kahului to Newark via San Francisco. My flight with Virgin America was very good! It was originally supposed to leave Kahului at 1:10 p.m (January 1) but it was changed to 11:10 p.m (January 1) a few months in advance. It was good that I was made aware of this a good few months before by trip. This meant I got to spend a couple extra hours in Kahului before heading back home to Newark. The flight to SFO was very good, the captain was funny and made a few jokes and the flight attendants were friendly. We were able to make it to SFO in about 4 hours and 15 minutes instead of the scheduled 5 hours. This meant I could enjoy a nice breakfast at the airport before my second leg. The flight from SFO to EWR was just as good. There was a wide selection of drinks and snacks as well as movies. However, the movies did have to be paid for but I didn't much mind as I had my kindle and 3DS. Cabin crew was also friendly. We did have to enter a hold when approaching Newark as their was bad weather and congestion in the air. But, this was to be expected (after all this is Newark and it happens all the time). We touched down at 5-ish in the afternoon on January 2. Overall, it was a very good experience."
"Verified Review | Flew Virgin America from New York to San Francisco. From the service at the counter to the flight itself though tired from flying JHB to JFK (international 15hrs), this was a pleasant flight, smooth, clean, elegant and very kind crew. I'm wondering why I haven't used Virgin before now. I was impressed."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Boston via San Francisco with Virgin America. Found an absolutely miraculous deal on this flight. It was a through flight so I didn't have to change planes in SFO. We just got off, grabbed some food and got back on. Even with parents of a toddler next to me, I was comfortable in my seat and due to the live TV stream and the time of this year, almost everyone was watching the Olympics which was kind of fun. The staff was attentive and brought any drinks I ordered almost immediately. I didn't buy any food but the people next to me did twice (it's a long flight and they had a toddler). Both times, it was easy for them and their food came quite quickly. Would definitely fly again."
"Customer service to the max! On my return from a weekend in Las Vegas, I was exhausted and not that thrilled to be connecting red eye through LA to Boston, but so be it. So I was very pleasantly surprised when Virgin called me up to the gate to inform me that my flight was just delayed and I would miss my connection. So they had rebooked me on a JetBlue nonstop arriving earlier than my scheduled flight! The level of foresight was excellent, I hadn't even learned of the delay issue before they fixed it. And I got an exit row to boot. So my new favorite airline, Virgin America, is one I've still never flown! (Contrast this with my flight out to Vegas on American Airlines, which refused to let me fly standby to avoid a delayed flight, despite having plenty of open seats, because I didn't have 'status'. Thanks, American, for making me feel like a second class citizen even though your flight delay was causing my inconvenience.) I'll look to book with Virgin on my next flight, and hope to actually fly with them!"
"New York JFK to Las Vegas with Virgin America. I originally booked a Main Cabin Select seat for some added comforts to start my trip to Vegas nice and relaxed. Since I had an early morning flight(and I go to sleep late) I decided to check-in 6hrs prior to try to get an upgrade to 1st Class. I got lucky and got the last seat (2A). Checked in at the desk inside with nice agents. Priority boarding was nice. I had time to put stuff away and settle in before the rush of the remaining passengers. I had a drink prior to take off offered by professional and friendly staff. A great seat - I asked what the buttons were for on the armrest and it was for the seat massager. I used that all the way to Vegas (it put me to sleep pretty good twice). The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the food. I don't know why they had to get \"super fancy\" with it. Some normal generic stuff would've been fine for me and others I noticed (too much fluff added to the food that turned me off). I got to Vegas totally relaxed and geared up to get my vacation started. I would fly them again."
"Verified Review | What a contrast to American Airlines. I flew Virgin America on an early morning flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco. The aircraft was clean and well presented, the crew were happy to be there and the service was really great. I was dreading this flight as it was in economy, but the crew were so good and the whole experience so very much better that the American Airlines flights I took (in First Class). Clearly not all American carriers are the same. Well done Virgin America."
"La Guardia to Dallas Love Field. This was our first time flying on Virgin America. From the time we arrived at the gate until we got off the aircraft was a wonderful experience. The gate staff were very friendly and helpful. The cabin interior was amazing and the lighting gave a nice ambiance. The seats were cozy (even though we could not recline the seats due to being in front of the overwing hatches). Inflight entertainment was great, with plenty of viewing choices. The interior of the aircraft was very clean and well kept. Food choices were excellent and the staff treated us very nicel!! Kudos to all at Virgin America - you made this a great flight to remember!"
"Virgin America was a great airline to fly. The crew was helpful, the plane was clean and the seats were pretty comfortable for the 3 or so hour flight to Orlando. I really liked the plane, the interior decor was great and I really like how you can order food from your seat, and drinks are free! Just a great lower cost option to fly!"
"I've flown with Virgin America many times and it is easily the best US domestic carrier. The planes are new, clean, and comfortable. Staff are friendly and quick to help. Inflight entertainment is top-notch, and ordering and paying for food and drink from your seat is like a dream. If I had to choose a downside, it would be limited routes and time tables. I wish there were more flight times to choose from, particularly from Portland to San Francisco."
"Flying first time with Virgin America LaGuardia to Dallas - experienced a 1 hour delay due to delayed departure from Dallas. The ground staff were very attentive and responsible on handling passengers while waiting for the plane to arrive. During the entire flight, the cabin crew were polite and nice and they were quite good at dealing with the kids onboard. Despite the slight delay and Dallas Love Field Airport location was not as expected, the overall performance was great."
"Virgin America customer service at Las Vegas check in counter is excellent. My husband and I tried to check in for returning to New York, not realizing our flight was a day ahead! A lady there kept the situation so cool and accommodate to rebook the flight for that day. On top of it, she somehow managed to cut our cost to zero. I have been traveling for many years yet, I have never experienced such curtesy and professional serives from any of the airlines. The Virgin America staff made us feel so safe and made her ways to clean up our mess. Virgin America - we really appreciate your help!!"
"San Francisco to Los Angeles, this was an excellent flight on a very good airline. I like Virgin America with their modern, simplistic approach with a focus on the things that matter and not others which cost money. The plane was modern, clean and streamlined with intimate lighting for an early evening flight from SFO to LAX. The service was friendly appreciating that at this time most of the passengers just want to relax. I was very impressed with Virgin America and will fly with them again."
"Great customer service. I flew on an almost full Virgin America flight from La Guardia to Dallas Ft Worth. The flight crew was very friendly and captain was communicative throughout. The Red entertainment system is usually great, but mine malfunctioned about 1 hour into the flight. The crew attempted to reset the system but it continued to malfunction. I was offered a seat change, but declined since it would have been a middle seat instead of my aisle. The lead crewmember cancelled my Red charges and upon landing, Virgin sent an email with Travel Bank for an upgrade on my next flight. I spoke with customer service about changing my seat on another flight and it was very easy to move. It is always so nice to talk to a friendly person on the phone who is equipped to solve problems."
"Thank you Virgin America agents for everything and for your amazing service. My mom and dad who don't speak English at all were in a terrible situation of possibility to miss their connecting flight to Moscow if not for the Virgin America agents who helped them to collect their luggage and guide them through terminals! SFO to9 LAX Virgin America flight was delayed due to some mechanical problems and arrived at LAX 3 hours later than it was supposed to be. So they arrived at LAX an hour before their international flight to Moscow! I thought I was gonna die having to deal with all of that. I called Virgin America customer service and a very nice gentlemen sent a message to the plane crew that 2 passengers were running late to their next flight and need assistance! There are no words to explain how grateful I am for your help! Virgin America have the best service!"
"Christmas Eve-Dallas Love to SFO. A fabulous experience! Movie, unique music playlist. Flight on time. Serene competent crew. Black rain clouds smooth landing. Virgin America my brand preference in the future. Thank you for a wonderful flight."
"I was flying with Virgin America today and I was impressed. The seat comfort was amazing. Being 6/7, flying is not always easy. However, VA had lots of space for my legs and seats felt like being made for my size. It felt very comfortable. Even the headrest was high enough (which did not happen to me yet and I am a frequent flyer). Neither Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines and others had this comfort. The entertainment system offered everything you wanted. Movies, music, games, food and drink orders. In general, the plane seemed very modern. When ordering a gin tonic (the 50ml gin bottle was told to cost 8$, which is a regular price for short haul flights) they offered me 2 for 1 bottles. Soda was free. As I bought my ticket via Skypicker and had a connection flight, I cannot tell how much the single flight was which makes it difficult to state anything about value for money. Ground service was very solid and friendly, no complaints. Cabin staff could have been a little bit more friendly. When I was asking for an emergency exit seat (one emergency exit row was kept empty as any passenger could upgrade their seat for $150, which I think is a lot, especially having that great seat comfort, which I did not know at that time), the cabin staff was not overly friendly, however, they have not been rude at any time. Altogether, I would absolutely recommend Virgin America, at least when they are using the plane I was flying in. Thank you Virgin America for this experience!"
"Virgin America from Washington Dulles to San Francisco. The in-flight entertainment was good and cabin crew very friendly. The seat back monitors allowed you to order drinks right then and there. The drinks are free, and although the food is not, the prices are very reasonable. Seats are comfortable, as for leg room, I am only 5'8\" so I don't really have problems with leg room, but from the looks of it, somebody of average height would have a good amount of leg room. The ground crew were nice and the check-in was smooth and fast. The only remotely negative things about Virgin America are that the remotes are a bit challenging to use (just me being picky) and that it is more expensive than most airlines for a transcontinental, domestic flight. With that being said though, you get what you pay for and the service was great!"
"After so many horrible flights on American Airlines, I really wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised how nice this Virgin America flight was. I am not a fan of the Australian Virgin offering, but this was a flight with friendly and warm crew, excellent entertainment, a new and clean aircraft, and a comfortable seat. I don't think I will waste my time and money with AA anymore after some of the rudest airline service I have ever encountered. This was a very comfortable and modern flight."
"This is the first time we have flown Virgin America and we were really impressed. We usually fly business class on another airline. It was a new plane and we were main cabin select right behind first class. There was not a wall but a colored glass partition. Plenty of room, free food and drinks. Everyone had their own computer for music, movies, tv and to order food and drinks. Food and drinks were free in main cabin select as well as internet until March of next year. Good food, good service, plenty of room. Similar plane on the way home."
"I flew Virgin America 3 times within three weeks from CHI to SFO and back. The first trip was on Virgin America because it was the cheapest. The second was because I was extremely impressed with the quality of the airline. I flew American on one of those legs due to a last minute obligation on my part and Virgin America is a league above. The leg room is plentiful and seats are comfortable; I'm 6'4\" and didn't feel cramped at all. JetBlue, Virgin America and Turkish are the only 3 airlines where I fit comfortably in economy class. There are also power outlets at each seat. Every seat has its own TV screen with plenty of free and paid media options. You can order food and drinks through the TV, a very slick system and much preferable to the old call button approach. Soft drinks are free, but all food must be paid for. However it's reasonable. I paid $13 for a small bottle of champagne and a generous cheese, meat and veggie platter. The staff is very friendly and the cabin has trendy purple and blue mood lighting, modern music and an \"interesting\" safety music video en lieu of the typical demonstration. It's a fun approach to the staid airline protocol we're used to. Overall I was very impressed and would pay a bit more to fly Virgin America when possible."
"We flew JetBlue to San Francisco due to a massive credit. JetBlue is also our airline of choice for vacation. However, JetBlue's times for San Francisco to Boston were not very compatible with our schedule, so we decided to fly Virgin America back. Check-in was fast, and before we knew it, we were at the gate with 1.5 hours before boarding. We went to a restaurant conveniently located next to the gate and returned with 15 minutes before boarding. Boarding went quickly too, and when we got on the plane, the cabin was lit up in deep purples and blues. I found that the entertainment was not quite as impressive as JetBlue's, but it was still good. The food selection could also have more variety. But those were not big problems, because the Gulfstream shortens the flight by an hour and were in Boston in 5.5 hours. Virgin only has one gate at Logan and it is located near baggage claim, which was nice because it was 11.30pm. Overall, my first flight on Virgin America was a success."
"When I flew with VX I was impressed, however there were a few problems. My screen froze a lot, and my seat barely reclined. I did like that there was a good selection of music and that you could watch live tv. Overall the flight was great."
"First time with this airline, one way from LAX to ORD in First Class. Plane clean, seats comfortable, staff friendly from beginning to end. The food was good, although the salad (while good) was a bit small portion-wise. Would fly them again."
"I had a wonderful experience flying with Virgin America. The flight was very affordable and was on time. The staff were fun and friendly. I would definitely fly with them again. They had screens on the back of the seats and free videos to select. Very entertaining."
"Flew on 9 May BOS-LAX on VX 365 and return 21 May on VX 366 first time flying Main Cabin Select and it's well worth paying the extra to do so maybe next time I'll get lucky enough to fly First Class. Flying in MCS gets you complimentary meals and non-alcoholic drinks and the meals offered are miles ahead of what any other U.S. carrier would offer. Cabin crews courteous and efficient both ways though a big letdown was when I couldn't charge either my iPod or iPad in an e-mail I received from VX Customer Relations they stated that too many devices charging at the same time results in a drain to the onboard power it is something they're working on and I received compensation for that inconvenience. I definitely would fly with them again despite the issues as they at least give you something for your trouble rather than telling you to scram."
"VX 927 LAX-SFO. Uneventful on-time flight good service value for money but free checked baggage only max 14 kg."
"Flew FLL to LAX earlier this month. We were flying back from a cruise. The flight was unfortunately delayed 90 minutes. Once on-board the pilot apologized sincerely and gave everyone unlimited movies through the in-flight entertainment system for their inconvenience. In a world where airlines strand passengers on the tarmac for 7 hours (United 4/18/15 with no apologies) its nice to know that at least one airline still cares for its customers. I am a loyal flyer!"
"On 8th March I flew Virgin America in economy from SFO to LAS for $49.00 return. Was looking forward to the flight and it proved to be a positive experience. I was a bit put off by the loud rock music blaring by the check-in kiosk and a rather indifferent ground attendant herding people to and from the check-in area. I feel that airports are confusing and loud enough without the added distraction of loud music. I liked the mood lighting onboard and flight and crew very pleasant although the safety video was entertaining but to me a tad playful. The baggage charge of $25.00 was expected and on my return on the 10th of March I upgraded to First for $89.00 so the baggage fee was waived. The seats in First are very comfortable and pre-take off drinks were served by a very pleasant stewardess. Value for money on Virgin America on this trip was great and if you have checked baggage do the upgrade-it's well worth it."
"I sat in Economy but paid the $30 to have expedited security and boarding privileges. I was seated in 4D right behind Economy Select. This is probably the best Economy cabin I've traveled in. Stylish comfortable decent amount of room (I'm 6'3\"). The staff are well-groomed and enthusiastic. There was some shenanigans on board with two parties who kept wanting to switch seats and the flight attendants handled it with humor and ease. I had a short flight under three hours so the complimentary entertainment options on RED were plenty for me. Also when I went to the restroom the flight attendant opened the door for me. When I went in it was quite large well lit and played spa music. Also when washing my hands the faucet actually stayed on long enough for me to wash my hands instead of me having to keep depressing it. Again a small thing but it's this list of small things about Virgin that have made me a loyal customer. I paid $49 for my trip from DC to Dallas. For $49 I got: excellent service comfortable economy seating and free entertainment. If I have to list one negative I'd say it's the fact that the remote control for the entertainment system is a bit challenging to use."
"SFO/LAX F 12/28/14 early morning flight - very good service but 'breakfast' is a joke - trying to be cute with tiny squares of cheese 1/2 strawberry etc. - a bowl of cheerios would be much better. I like their style but hate the food offerings (have only flown SFO/LAX and v.v.)."
"LAX-DAL in Main Cabin Select 08/12/14. We checked in online and utilized the express bag drop at LAX. There was a short line and we were attended to promptly by a cheerful agent. Main Cabin Select comes with priority security so we sailed through the TSA line. T3 at LAX is rather dour though this isn't VX's fault. Boarding started on time and we pushed back a few minutes early. The safety video is cheesy and gets annoying pretty quickly but otherwise service was excellent. FAs weren't exceptional but they were friendly and efficient and I personally think all airlines should adopt the in-seat ordering system for food and beverages you select whatever you want at your leisure and an FA brings it to you within a couple of minutes. Leather seat was comfortable and had plenty of legroom thanks to the bulkhead. Snacks were of good quality and the meal I ordered was tasty but not excessively heavy. We landed nearly 15 minutes early and we were in our car and on our way about 20 minutes after landing. Main Cabin Select is a good value as it includes one checked bag priority boarding and security and food and drink at no extra charge. We were impressed with VX will consider them more often now that they've beefed up service from Dallas."
"I flew from LGA-DAL in their infancy of their LaGuardia to Dallas-Love Field route. Going through security at LaGuardia was quick and smooth. Never had any problems. Virgin's gate is the diamond in the rough of what is Terminal B in LaGuardia. Boarding was on time for both ways of the flights. The seats in Economy Class were fair and decently spacious with its leather exterior and cushion. The DISH Network with the regular channels sufficed for me both ways. The ability to order drinks at my seat was a first but very interesting. You select your desired drink and the attendants bring it to your seat. It was a great experience flying Virgin. No fuss no muss. Definitely get your bang for the buck."
"San Francisco to Washington/DCA Nov 8-Nov 11. Both ways boarded early and left the gate early. Our flight attendant started us off with whatever drink we wanted before the people in main cabin were even onboard. The nice mood lighting and the seats that go almost all the way was excellent. The airlines Red system is excellent and fast. Right after takeoff with a hot towel then onto warmed nuts next was a smoked turkey orange and pistachio salad which was very yummy. For my main course I had a filet mignon which was very juicy and cooked perfectly. Also the flight attendant came around often with great snacks. Will be flying Virgin America more often!"
"Flight 27 - JFK to SFO on November 11 2014. Check-in was a breeze. TSA pre-check was a breeze. Seats were in economy. Inflight service was very good. Staff on the ground and in-flight were courteous and friendly. Finally and to my surprise baggage at SFO came out in what seems to be record time."
"LA -Seattle First Class Oct 11. A very comfortable nice experience. The snack lunch offered was perfect and nicely presented the service very nice and the seat just fine for a short flight but not good enough for a trans con in my opinion. One important note the tragically hip safety announcement has to go. It is jarring loud and actually encourages one to not pay attention to important information. I understand the attempt but the execution is embarrassing."
"Oct 1st LAX-LAS in First. Great experience although disappointed that VX chooses to disclude a few routes from access to its lounge at LAX as they are considered short haul. Did not know that U.S. domestic coast to coast flights were considered \"long\" haul and thus given access to lounges. I just think passengers choosing to fly First have different needs for travel and throwing them to Starbucks and Burger King with 2000 other screaming passengers is not a bright idea especially as there are no other lounges to choose at the terminal VX flies from in LAX. Anyway once in air nice experience. Clean beautiful cabins smooth service and welcome champagne offered upon seating. On time and otherwise smooth experience."
"Just flew with Virgin America for the first time: SFO to ORD. Boarding was done efficiently and we left early. Flight was very smooth and we arrived early. Captain came around and introduced himself (a first for me!). Our flight attendant was very professional and made sure all our needs were met. I liked the soothing cabin lighting and the wide selection of movies. I highly recommend this airline they have brought back the fun of flying."
"We were flying from San Francisco to Philadelphia. The first thing I saw when we checked our bags in was how nice the staff were and there was peaceful music on with colorful seats. In a good mood we started to board. I noticed they had screens on the back of seats were you could watch TV play games and order food and drinks. It was the best flight I have taken! I will be coming back."
"Flew VX 928 on 24 Aug 14 SFO-LAX. The aircraft was clean and the ground and cabin staff were helpful. On a flight of 1 hour were offered only snacks from the basket which meant potato chips candy bars etc. The pre- flight safety video was quite annoying as it was more or less a sing-song of instructions to follow with a rap- type beat."
"Flew LAX - SFO 19 Aug in Main Cabin. The short flight was on time the aircraft clean and the staff very friendly. The leg room was also sufficient - my wife struggles with some seats on other airlines as she has long legs - no problems here. A great experience and thoroughly recommended."
"Flight 805 and 136 on August 16 2014. My first time on Virgin America. I only had a 35 min. layover in San Francisco. We all know what that means or usually means: missed connecting flight long layover into wee hours of the night bags on different plane. The gate attendant told me \"not to worry\". The flight from Portland was 30 min. late leaving we arrived in San Francisco just as my flight was scheduled to leave. To my amazement an airport attendant was doing down the ramp and called out my name. When I answered she said: \"Follow Me. Your flight is waiting for you!\" Sure enough she walked me to my gate and on I went. Seat was still available (amazing). A place for my overhead bag right by my seat (even more amazing). As I buckled in I noticed there was not only a place to plug in my iPod but a screen at each seat with a remote so you weren't poking the person in front of you all the time! I was able through the programs to select a beverage any time I wished and they brought it asap! The icing on the cake was that my bag was transferred to my plane in that short window of time and it was one of the first to pop out of the chute! I will be booking on Virgin American for all possible future flights."
"SEA-LAX in Y on an A319. Good inflight service from the crew and an early arrival into LAX. Inflight safety video certainly got our attention."
"LAX-PHL October 2013. Hawaiian Air booked our flight since they don't fly to Philadelphia they did the leg LAX- PHL on Virgin America. We upgraded and paid I believe an extra $129 for the one way upgrade for a flight that would be 5 hours and a little more. This was one of the best things we spent money on we got to pick the very first row after first class its separated by a see through partition. We also got more leg space early boarding lots of entertainment to pick from. Prior to the flight spoke to several CSR on the phone and everyone I spoke to was very nice and professional. Since we upgraded we got unlimited food and drinks you just order on the screen in front and its delivered to your seat in a timely manner. The selections were very good. The flight attendants were pleasant."
"Sydney Australia to Philadelphia USA via Hilo and Maui Hawaii. My trip started at Sydney business class on Hawaiian airlines I'm a Platinum member and have been for countless years I was met in the business line by the always attentive and friendly station manager who made sure I had no hiccups in checking in and off and had a good meal and few drinks in Air NZ lounge. Flight was nice wasn't the best crew but they were professional and consistent. Arrive Honolulu get through customs quickly and managed to transfer to an early inter island flight a perk for being platinum. 1st class Hilo to Maui quick 49min flight all on time. LAX to Philadelphia - this was my first time in first class and it will not be my last - great crew and food. The staff were all polite professional and helpful. My return trip was quick smooth check-in at Philadelphia. I took main cabin select as first was full this too is a great product food and drinks included and delivered via an order system built into your TV screen. Wifi was very cheap - 11 dollars for 3 hours."
"SFO to JFK on 7/24/14 and JFK to SFO on 7/28/14. Check-in (baggage drop) was uneventful and went quickly. Counter staff were courteous. Both flights went well. Pleasant attentive flight crew. Seats were comfortable for me but I am not particularly tall or overweight. There was enough free content on the seat back entertainment system to keep me occupied on the cross country flights. Having a dedicated AC electrical outlet ensured that my I-Pad stayed functional."
"Flight from LAX flight number 781 6/21/14-6/25/14. My first time on this aircraft and I loved it. The seats were comfortable and the TV sets were excellent! The flight attendants were friendly and attentive. I would recommend."
"June 13th VX321 FLL-LAX. June 18thVX334 LAX-FLL. We heard so much about Virgin America and how they are the best to fly. When we departed the staff at the gate were not friendly. When we got on the plane to LA there was one very friendly flight attendant. The rest seemed annoyed. I ordered a Coke for my son and it never came so I asked a flight attendant she never came back with it then it was I guess 45 min. before landing and another attendant came around and when asked she said I need to order it on the screen and the ordering time was up I told her I ordered it on the screen over an hour ago and she acted like she didn't believe me so she checked my screen then went and got the drink. When going back home to Ft. Laud the ticket counter girl in LA was rude didn't tell us what gate to go to then the flight attendants were very rude - again as if they were annoyed to be there and the remote controls and TV screens were sticky and filthy. The good thing is that the pilot got us there and back on time as scheduled and it was a non-stop flight. I think Virgin America needs some serious Customer Service training implemented."
"Flew SFO-DCA and EWK-LAX in Main cabin Select. Very comfortable seats with additional legroom. The cabin crew were friendly on both sectors. I consider VA to be one of the best airlines I have flown with."
"SFO-LAX-MCO on 4/24/14 and return on 4/30/14. Overall good flights. Friendly attentive in-flight crews. Seats are comfortable enough for me. I believe they are slightly larger than on many other airlines. There are enough free entertainment options (Direct TV music) to keep me happy. The only problem encountered was not Virgin's fault - the Air Traffic Control system went down in Los Angeles on 4/30 and screwed up everything. Our 9.30pm departure from LAX to SFO ended up leaving at 1.35am. It would be nice if the FAA would get their act together."
"SAN-SFO-SAN. Apr 5 return Apr 6. Flights 961 there 960 back. Very pleased with our trip on VA. Nice little hummus / mozzarella / vegetable tray along with a snack basket selection on both flights. Comfortable seats and friendly cabin attendants. Both flights arrived early. Pilots gave first PA greeting on both flights - nice touch. Love the whole Virgin America ambience on board."
"Flew an evening flight from DFW to SFO on A320 non-stop. First time on Virgin overall pleased with the flight. Amble leg room seating good food good service great IFE was very good compared to others which had none. Highly recommend and would fly again fare hard to beat."
"Disappointed with a round-trip SFO-LAX-SFO in Main Cabin Select - food selection is pretty pathetic - the 'Hearty Meal' is a box containing a tiny bag of some kind of chips/crisps about 4 slices of salami and a little pot of something else. Service was generally very good on both flights - but again my unfortunate neighbor tried to order a snack on the menu that apparently was not available - the flight attendant said 'only what's on the menu on the screen' - his choice was included in the on-screen menu! It was a long day and so the lighting did nothing for me but the general atmosphere is much better than UA and I would probably choose them again. Thankfully they have upgraded their sparkling wine since my last flight with them a few years ago!"
"LAX to Dulles October 2013. This was my first trip on Virgin America and I will save the additionally money to fly with them next time. I love being able to order food/drinks on the interactive screen and watch the news as well credit card automatically charged for any expenditures and the information is deleted after the flight hits close to your destination. The seat I had was an aisle one and very comfortable really it seemed like just after we took off it was time to buckle down for landing. The only thing I can find to criticize has nothing to do with Virgin it has to do with Dulles it's quite a trip from the main lobby where Virgin is located to the actual gate involving elevators and a subway train ride."
"IAD to SFO on 2/11/14. Friendly courteous and attentive cabin crew and staff at check-in counter. Everything went well. Baggage claim at SFO seemed to take a bit longer than usual."
"SFO to IAD on 2/6/14. Check-in was quick. Friendly agent at check-in counter. Boarding went quickly. Attentive and friendly cabin crew. Flight arrived early (tail winds). Bags were already in baggage claim by the time we got there from the aircraft. Great experience from start to finish."
"SFO to IAD on 2/6/14. Check-in was quick. Friendly agent at check-in counter. Boarding went quickly. Attentive and friendly cabin crew. Flight arrived early (tail winds). Bags were already in baggage claim by the time we got there from the aircraft. Great experience from start to finish."
"Flew in Sept 2013 from LAX to JFK. My mother and I were very impressed and we felt at home after flying Virgin Australia domestically within Australia. The 2 airlines are very similar. Nice new plane clean interior with mood lighting. Wide selection of food available to purchase at a reasonable price. Nice smooth flight across the country. Whizzed through check-in early morning flight in LA. We love that the planes all have quirky funny names!"
"SFO-SJD-SFO main cabin going main cabin select return. Both flights left on time and arrived 15-30 minutes early. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful despite grumbling from some passengers on the fully booked flights. The extra legroom in main cabin select was well worth the additional cost."
"SF Vegas LA. Two short but great flights in first class. Light delicious snacks extremely comfortable seats and eager to please staff on the ground and in the air. This is how it should be done up front."
"I flew on flight 720 from Dallas to San Francisco and I had a great experience. The flight attendants were excellent check-in was great and the flight left on time! Satisfied customer."
"Flew from BOS-SFO-BOS and continue to be impressed it's definitely a cut above the competition. Nice new planes with comfortable leather seats and cool lighting. Crews are always friendly. Good selection of both free satellite TV and pay per view. Also love the online ordering on the seatback TV but wish they stocked just a few more fresh food options (usually you get a choice of a couple of light options such as wraps and salads but wish they would have more substantial choices to choose from). Also the powerports at every seat really makes a difference. One small detail that is easily overlooked but which I greatly appreciate is the Google Maps feature that tracks where your plane is. Unlike other airlines (JetBlue and Frontier) who keep on interrupting the Map View every few seconds with their annoying ads the Virgin version is ad-free."
"Flew on their 09.50 service from JFK to Las Vegas on 5th October. This was my first experience of VA and they were brilliant. The flight attendants were friendly helpful and polite. The cabin was pristine and the mood lighting added to the whole ambience of calm. If this is typical of the airline then what a fantastic product and I look forward to flying with them again."
"BOS-SFO. Inbound flight was great. Traveling Main Cabin Select was worth the extra money. All entertainment food drinks and baggage was included. I loved the priority security. My one complaint was that on the return flight they turned off the ordering system about 2 hours prior to landing. It really negated the free food and drinks. They did offer a bottle of water though."
"VA 752 from LAX to SFO was scheduled to depart at 11.20pm but was delayed because the clouds were below 2000ft which it can't so SFO close the airport. Departure was pushed back to 12.30pm and Virgin did not inform us until we reached the gate. We boarded the plane finally and right back into the delay segment again same problem with SFO. However the captain and the crew was excellent and displayed true professionalism and great service. Captain went about and personally informed passengers of the problem and the FA made jokes which cheered us up. Delays continued as we sat on the tarmac for another 1 hr before we finally took off at 3.20pm. Without the positive attitude from its FA this flight would be miserable but luckily it was not."
"LAX-EWR on 22/6/13 for a red-eye and returned 19/7/13 with an EWR-LAX flight in the late afternoon. Overall Virgin has proved to have better service better planes and an overall better atmosphere than the likes of American Airlines and United when I have flown in the past. Their fee policy wasn't bad compared to other airlines. For the most part at least water and soda were free. The cabin crews had no problem on either flight providing me these at all. From baggage drop-off to disembarkation Virgin provided a quality service. The one caveat I had was having to use the rear-lavatory each flight because the front is reserved for First Class only. Because I paid $30 for Main Cabin Express (it's worth it despite this) I feel it to be a slap in the face to exclusively use the read one when the front is less of a hassle. As far as the seats go they are the most comfortable I have ever sat in for an aircraft. I always had smelly or worn fabric when flying American. Plus I wasn't scrunched up in Economy with Virgin coming from a 6ft guy. All that really mattered to me is that I was able to get free drinks (with no hassle from stewards) my baggage came back in one piece I could actually recline a little and sleep comfortably and I didn't miss my favourite primetime shows while in the air!"
"First time on this airline but am very impressed clean customer friendly plane and the crew were very friendly interactive with passengers and let you know they appreciated your business. Flew from Vegas to Frisco then on to Portland OR. At all 3 places there was always a VA staff member to see if they could help or get you something. Had a 2 hour layover in SF and I was in a wheelchair someone came about every 15 to 20 mins to see if I needed to go anywhere or get anything."
"Return flight from Los Angeles to Orlando. Checked in very early and upgraded to Main Cabin Select. Upgrade includes a checked bag a free head set and unlimited food drinks and movies on demand onboard. The extra leg space was a God send / see previous review. Flight was not completely full but still slight delay in departure plus a very long drive around LAX to a runway on the other side of the airport. All female inflight staff were efficient but lacked the warmth of the crew on my outbound flight. Capt. came on early to discuss weather issues en route which was greatly appreciated as the flight took a long strange journey to Orlando and arrived about 15 minutes late. The crew on this flight did not make an announcement for last calls before they shut down the ordering system and unlike the first crew at some points gathered in the rear galley to chit chat. Crews on both flights did not tidy up the restrooms which were always in great demand. I highly recommend upgrading to Main Cabin Select especially for cross country flights on Virgin America."
"Traveled from Newark to LAX. I don't particularly enjoy flying but was comforted by the soft lighting and happy faces on the attendants. The service was great. The seats were definitely roomier than any other airline that I've been on. Captain's updates timely and comforting. Food - no complaint. Also took Virgin back from LAX 2 weeks later. Same great service seats attendants cleanliness."
"Orlando-Los Angeles. I arrived early at the airport plenty of staff on hand and baggage was accepted without a wait. Flight was packed without a single empty seat. Boarding is done by Cabin Special needs and zones and quickly turned into a scrum. The seats while stylish looking are very close together. They are much more narrow than they look. I'm a big guy at 6'2\" 235lbs and just getting into my seat I found it an impossibly small space. With a small personal item under the seat there is zero space. Thankfully during flight I could take it out from under the seat and it was not so bad. The crew for this flight mostly male with a single female serving were on top of their game. The Red inflight system for entertainment and ordering was brilliant. First service is rather awkward traditional front to back then it's all on demand. The food I purchased was a great Pastrami Sandwich. Nothing seemed too much trouble for this crew. They politely advised in advance when they would shut down the ordering service so people could get last requests in. Flight was only a few minutes delayed in departure and landing. Virgins Terminal in LAX is almost exactly as it was when it belonged to TWA and Eastern. Baggage claim was noisy crowded and of limited space. Overall very happy with Virgin America and looking forward to my trip home."
"LAX-SFO: Simple flight made easier by a relaxed crew. Great entertainment system blankets and pillows and a nice flow of a small meal and after-meal snack plus plenty to drink. Flight crew was very attentive from the moment of boarding and remained friendly throughout. Never had a grumpy flight crew with Virgin which cannot be said for other domestic carriers. Really great if you're a fan of the SF Giants on this particular route as they show World Series highlights on the SF Giants channel."
"We flew back from LA to DFW on 7/9/13 and we absolutely loved VA. One of the best flights out of the 10 flights that we flew the prior week. They have music headphones and TV's behind every seat. I am someone that is scared of flying but I felt really at ease when flying Virgin. I would recommend it."
"DCA-SFO-DCA. One of the better cross-country flights that I've taken and added bonus of being non-stop. Boarding is a bit weird-front to back but airplane was new and clean. Young flight attendants were pleasant and a nice change from the surly FAs of the legacy carriers. Direct TV and audio free but movies headphones are extra. I'm a petite person(5 ft) and leg room and leather seat were roomy enough. Yes there is no free snacks but I brought food with me and ordered free drinks from the TV menu. All in all Virgin America is a great cross country airlines and I would fly with them again."
"SFO-EWR (round trip) 4/24-4/28. One of the better airlines I've flown for domestic. The seats were more comfortable than the other airlines I have been on (Delta American). Staff were pretty friendly although at times were not as available as I would have liked. The food I would order did come almost instantly which I was very impressed about. Overall nothing to really complain about the flight and airline itself. The only thing was the delay I had but it was made up for in the air and I actually arrived about 20 minutes earlier even with a 30 minute delay."
"Flew LAX to PHL with Virgin America for first time. Was very pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the flight was. I was not expecting Virgin to be such a great airline to fly with. I came equipped with plenty to entertain myself for these flights and found that I was not checking the time and waiting impatiently for arrival since I was comfortable and there was plenty to hold my attention with TV and WiFi. I always look for most economical flights and am disappointed when Virgin America is not one of them. I will fly Virgin to FT Lauderdale from LA this June and very happy about this. They will be my first choice from now on."
"Portland Or to LAX to ORL and it was one of the best economy flights I've taken in the US. The attendants were more than accommodating seats very comfortable and the aircraft was clean and seemed to be larger than other airlines. The flight crew were very nice. I will fly Virgin every chance I get."
"Flew IAD to LAX in economy. Good seat size wider than other airlines at 19.7 however seat pitch was 31 which is about average. It's slightly different than other airlines in that you have to use the touchscreen to order food or drinks and the FA would come in to your seat with your order. The plane A320 was modern. The IFE system included excellent channels and wide variety of music. Compared to other major carriers like United American and Delta Virgin is superior when it comes to in-flight services."
"LAX-SEA roundtrip. I travel to Seattle on business 3-4 times a year and ever since Virgin America began nonstop service on this route it's been my preferred airline. The service is professional seats are comfortable food and IFE are superior and when things do go wrong the staff are much more forthcoming than Alaska or United."
"From San Francisco to Las Vegas. Flight was very smooth. Served soft drinks. No delay at all. Cabin crew were helpful and hardworking. Nice journey for me. Flying time was only 1hr and 20 mins. Cabin design was very modern."
"First experience with VX and I was pleasantly surprised. I only flew between SFO and LAX but the staff and cabin ambience was decidedly different from others and when I needed to change my return the counter staff was delightful. The product is a notch above and the welcomes seemed far more genuine than I have experienced on other US carriers. A good choice."
"I have been flying the SAN-SFO route for over a year now. Compared to the other options I have VA is the best I have flown. Staff are great the terminal (in SFO) is better than most 5 star hotel lobbies in terms of available eateries cleanliness and overall ambience. I have had a couple late flights into SFO - but that can be chalked up to the ridiculous fog cover during the winter months."
"SFO-IAD-SFO on 2/6/13 and 2/13/13. Great flights both ways. Early arrivals at both Dulles and SFO. Flight attendants were courteous positive and helpful. Seats were comfortable. Baggage came out on carousel at SFO quicker than I expected or had experienced in the past."
"SAN-SFO. Admittedly this is an incredibly brief (under 2 hour) flight but everything about Virgin America impressed. Flight was cheap but the experience was better than first class in other airlines. Numerous entertainment options (with excellent satellite reception) comfortable seats very attentive staff and in SFO a terminal almost exclusively for the airline. The most pleasant flying experience in as long as I can recall."
"JFK-LAX. Flight delayed by almost 4 hours due to late arrival of the incoming aircraft (due to bad weather). Virgin compensated each passenger with a $50 credit for future travels with Virgin. I was quite impressed as the delay wasn't exactly their fault. I've flown with different domestic airlines and I found that Virgin has the friendliest and most helpful flight attendants. IFE is ahead of other airlines. I also love the cabin ambience and mood lightning. Highly recommended."
"We flew to Fort Lauderdale in December from Los Angeles round-trip. The new A320 aircraft's are very nice although a little small for a 5-6 hour journey. Return flight delayed extensively as staff were shuffling luggage from the aircraft belly to the overhead bins all in the name of aircraft balance and safe takeoff. The ritual lasted over an hour and not called for at all. The staff and attendants seemed cranky. Flights should not be overbooked and luggage balance issues should be solved outside the aircraft. Furthermore attendants and crew should be less cranky on a four star airline."
"New York (JFK) to Vegas. Best airline I've flown on (domestic or international). Very comfortable seats. Onboard has a nice modern look to it. Great entertainment system. You can order your snacks on a screen in front of you. You can pull out your laptop pay for satellite Internet (which works) and be connected the whole flight. Overall a fantastic airline."
"Flew ORD-SFO-LAX going out LAX-SFO-ORD going back. Longest layover was 3 hours. Seats were very comfortable on an A330 very nice retro look to the plane. Excellent customer service good value for the money. Both on the ground and on the plane VA staff friendly and helpful. Would definitely fly again."
"San Francisco to Washington DC in main cabin select Row 5 and back on same route 5 days later. The Red touch screen is far advanced over other US airlines. The ability to open a tab for meals snacks and entertainment selections make Virgin in a century beyond their domestic competitors. The service was excellent and on time departures and arrivals made the trip even better."
"Main cabin select (front row economy) from LAX to Seattle. Full flight but handled well by crew. Like the touch screen ordering of snack type food and drinks. Plenty available. Economy select are emergency exit and front economy seats resulting on more leg room. Worth the money if you get a good deal. Seat comfort okay."
"SAN-SFO-SAN in Main Cabin Select. Flight out was on A319 and flight back was on A320. Both planes were new and clean. Check-in at both airports was fast and easy with priority lanes. Priority lanes for security at both airports provided. Priority boarding honoured. Cabin crew generally friendly. Ample legroom in MCS with free AVOD food and beverages. No hot meals available on short flights. Mood lighting upon boarding was interesting but definitely made it harder to see seat numbers especially on evening or night flights. Both flights generally on time. Can't comment on luggage delivery as I only had carry-on. Overall a great product and definitely the best domestic US airline out there. It's a shame they don't have their own lounges but they'll probably be my first choice for flights in the US and they offer great value for money too."
"SFO-IAD-SFO on November 2 and 4. Great service from the staff both on the ground and in the air. While there is food for purchase in the main cabin there is a good selection. The roast beef sandwich is really quite good."
"PHL-SEA return via LAX. Pleasant flight attendants calming mood lighting and easy-listening music in the lavatories during flight. Although some of the hi-tech features on their seat-back entertainment system are not available yet there is certainly enough to keep one occupied and I can no longer accept doing a cross- country flight on any of the other \"greyhound of the skies\" US domestic services."
"I flew round trip on Virgin America from IAD to SFO. What truly pleasurable trip. Love the comfortable seats the entertainment system and the staff. After the abuse I have suffered on several other airlines recently Virgin America is going to be my first choice from now on."
"SFO-JFK. First class on A320. The check-in time was fast and efficient. The clubhouse lounge was nice and clean. Good selection of food and drinks. Flight attendants were OK for the flight. Seat was soft and comfortable. Entertainment system was a little complicated but had a good choice of movies. I slept for a bit but felt a little hard to sleep because it is a cradle seat. Food was good and their was a nice selection of drinks. I would recommend VA but I would suggest that they lower the price for First class a bit."
"LAX-SFO. The best airline for domestic flights. The IFE is expansive which includes the local channels and WiFi. Highly recommend."
"Very good airline and my favorite for domestic travel. I am a 2 million mile flier on United and I have now switched to Virgin America. I have flown seven round trips this year on Virgin. The food is very good compared to any other US domestic airline. The entertainment is fantastic. There is WiFi. The seats are reasonably comfortable. Although it does suffer from the same horrifically small legroom in economy class it is better than the majors."
"LAX-MCO-LAX. The planes are new crew friendly and the seats wide. This trip was the second time flying with them and have been impressed with the service."
"Short flight Las Vegas to San Francisco. Very comfortable seats in Economy. I enjoyed being able to watch ESPN coverage of the Open during the flight. Very short check-in queue at Las Vegas (other airlines nearby has long lines). A pleasant experience."
"Quick flight from Portland OR to San Francisco and back. Excellent staff they were genuinely nice but not overly scripted. Plane was very comfortable and entertainment is the best I've experienced."
"Flight from IAD to SFO on July 26. Baggage check-in was efficient. Counter staff were friendly. Aircraft was clean. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. I was particularly impressed by their attentiveness to the unaccompanied minor (about 11 years old) who was seated on my row. Food was good (had a roast beef wrap). Seats were comfortable for me (I am not particularly tall). My one gripe was with the \"red system\" satellite TV - it had spotty reception and then no reception. The rest of the system (music movie etc.) worked fine so must have be a Dish Network issue."
"Checked baggage three pieces for two people were sent to Chicago instead of to Manchester UK resulting in three days of vacation without clothes. We had no carry on baggage. In SFO we booked baggage through Las Vegas on to Virgin Atlantic. Plane was clean and on time going and coming. Ticketing agent in Las Vegas on the 19th was rude and wrong. She said one bag was 10 lbs over. That bag had been weighed by Virgin Atlantic and our personal scale and was not. Finally a man came to our aid and re-weighed it and found that it was not overweight so we did not have to pay for it."
"SFO-PHL direct flight. Checking-in is a breeze using their kiosks and staff were proactive in helping everyone check-in (but watch out for those baggage fees). Seats were ok being they were a little cramped but they are made of comfortable leather. IFE gives you free music satellite TV (20 channels) as well as movies and TV episodes to purchase (but they were very limited). There are also various games for the kids and you could even chat with other passengers through your TV. My biggest complaint was that my IFE unit kept freezing and crashing during the flight plus the buttons are hard to press as well as very small. There is WiFi however it can cost as much as $20. Staff were friendly and helpful and offered to charge my iPad when our power socket did not work. I didn't purchase any food or alcohol but non-alcohol drinks are free. In short: Pros: Leather seats satellite TV music helpful staff relaxing cabin lighting fast check in. Cons: IFE crashes power sockets don't work lots of fees for wifi food alcohol and baggage."
"MCO-SFO 7/11/12. Not sure what I was expecting from this flight I guess being English I expect a 5+ hr flight to be treated as long haul and the service to match. Surprised when I saw they were using an A320 on this route by the end of this flight I struggled to straighten out. If you're over 6 feet tall I'd recommend paying for additional leg-room. Other than the leg room the seats were comfortable and the interior of the plane was very trendy. Mood lighting and condensation keeping the cabin relaxed with music whilst boarding gave a relaxing ambience. Entertainment system was impressive with a large range of on demand TV and movies (albeit at a charge). Being able to use the entertainment system throughout taxi take off and landing is a nice sensible approach. WiFi is pretty good and fast seems a little overpriced but it is a very fast service compared to other airlines carrying this feature. Main disappointment was that nowhere on my reservation did it mention there was no meal or snack provided during the flight so having boarded hungry I only managed to last 3 hours before purchasing a meal. Meals come as a large snack box which is very competitively priced at 7 dollars. Free soft drinks is a nice touch but alcohol is overpriced and being able to order drinks on demand from your seat is also handy when you're settled. Generally cabin crew were friendly and the pilot giving his announcement stood in the cabin adds to the edgy nature of end airline. Dressed down uniforms and a relaxed approach is a little different to other airlines but I think Virgin have found a good balance. All in all I would use them again but I wish they'd make a few of the inflight charges more obvious prior to ticket purchase. And 5 hours is a bit too long to be in such a small seat!"
"JFK to LAX in Main Cabin Select (Premium Economy). Flight time 6 hours. Priority check-in and boarding which is standard for PE however the added bonus of priority security was great. The cabin has purple mood lighting and leather seats - a nice change from the standard aircraft interiors of other US domestic carriers. Drinks and food can be ordered on your individual entertainment screens. Being Main Cabin Select all food and drink is free. I had a turkey sandwich which was very nice followed by pringles. Drink selection was very good - wide range of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Impressed to see Glenlivet scotch whiskey on the menu. Cabin staff were friendly and attentive. Entertainment options were solid. Overall a very positive flying experience - V America are a step above US and Australian domestic airlines."
"SFO to Fort Lauderdale main cabin. Bags dropped off quickly friendly agent. Boarding efficient people try to cram too many bags on to avoid paying $25 a bag for hold. Very friendly throughout cabin immaculate and brand new feel. TV good quality my regular headphones worked fine. Bought a rum for 6 bucks but water free and available throughout. Very impressed with the whole thing highly recommend! Lots of leg room even when seat reclined in front I'm 5ft 10. Cabin a bit cold but I like that. Bring a wrap or shawl."
"DFW - SFO and SFO - LAX. Brilliant airline civilised staff at check-in and in the air great value in economy seating and superb in-flight entertainment including the ability to order drinks and snacks using the touchscreen in front of the seat. Wifi service throughout the flight so I could work. Why is this so hard for other airlines to implement? The only thing that didn't work was the USB power socket under my seat and the only thing I didn't like was having to pay for the in-flight movie."
"LAX - Boston (R/T). Both legs exceeded my expectations. Everything customer oriented with comfort and ease in mind. Nice well maintained aircraft professional courteous attendants in flight and on the ground there when you need them. On board entertainment consistent with the modern world and food on demand and of a good quality. If I am offered more nasty one size fits all \"snack box\"!!! Thanks again Virgin. I'll fly no one else."
"LAX-SFO and SFO-ORD in early April 2012. Positives: check-in service at both airports was very professional. The planes were very clean the seats comfortable and there was more legroom than expected. On the other hand departure from LAX was delayed and there was very little information about the revised departure time and even which gate to wait at. Once onboard we waited for over one hour with very little explanation for the delay. Similarly on arrival at ORD the plane parked for over 45 minutes with very little explanation about when we could expect to disembark. I found that lack of communication to be quite frustrating and quite a contrast to the efficient experience in the air. I would use them again provided the price was right."
"One-way PHL-SFO. Since the airline was still new to Philadelphia the check-in line was completely empty. Onboard they offered noise cancelling headphones. The aircraft itself was new. The seats still pretty comfortable leather seats were a little stiff and wouldn't recline. The inflight entertainment seriously lagged when trying to play any of the games however the music and movie selection made up for it. Finally the staff were not only enthusiastic but they actually took the time to remember and refer to everyone by name."
"Two excellent flights from SEA-SFO then SFO-IAD a week later. SFO-IAD: easy check-in at home an efficient and airy terminal in SFO generally happy and helpful employees and a variety of entertainment options. I print boarding passes at home and don't check in luggage so I can't comment on the airport check-in process. My only gripe is the practice of blocking aisle and window seats from advance seat selection essentially forcing the customer to pay extra for \"premium\" or exit row seats. On both flights I managed to change to window seats so I know the airlines are deliberately blocking them in the hopes of generating extra revenue. Employees are aloof."
"San Francisco to San Diego in so-called \"First\" class. Compared to other North American carriers much newer airplane and better seat. However nothing special if you apply international standards. Only 3 guests in First but dedicated stewardess preferred to read a magazine rather than pay attention to customers we had to press the call button whenever we wanted anything. Flight was around 90 mins but 30 mins before landing they stopped serving alcohol. Snack platter was lovely for this short flight but drinks pretty cheap and nasty."
"PSP-SFO-LAX overnight in San Francisco. On each flight ground and cabin staff were friendly professional and considerate. Seats were comfortable and I found many no-cost entertainment options. Non-alcoholic drink service was good in that they leave the drink can or give a generous filling as opposed to my previous experiences on similar carriers. Aircraft was well maintained and the ambience soothing with the cabin lighting."
"The best US domestic airline service available. Family flew Chicago to Las Vegas via San Francisco return. Staff pleasant and helpful at both ends. Interior of plane was new and clean. Entertainment system in seatbacks is superb - some movies and visuals are pay per view but the entire music selection is free. It's good to order food and drinks from your seatback and have them delivered to your seat. Staff wear interesting uniforms and pilots greet on arrival and departure. They offered the cheapest fares for the route and San Francisco is a fabulous airport in which to spend a couple of hours."
"Roundtrip BOS to SFO. Plenty of leg room. Inflight entertainment was very good. Really enjoyed the Sat TV and the on demand shows and movies. Flight crew were polite and helpful. Free soft drinks but no free food not even nuts or pretzels. Got in about 30 minutes early going out and on time coming back. Their prices were lower or comparable with other airlines."
"DFW to LAX. Great flight. Crew friendly and enthusiastic. First class seat very comfortable. Lots of personal space for a domestic cabin. Food of high standard. Overall a superior product when compared to most of the US carriers I have previously flown."
"BOS-SFO direct. Could be worse could be better. Pretty good leg room seats uncomfortable. You have to pay for: all food most drinks all movies TV on demand headphones checked luggage. Free: sodas coffee and tea water satellite TV games music carry-on luggage."
"DFW to SFO. I loved the fact you could watch TV and use the Wifi without having to pay extra. I also found that the personnel at the check in counter along with flight attendants were more pleasant than any I have encountered. The only issue that I found with Virgin America is that it does not fly everywhere. I had a connecting flight from DFW to Austin with American and they were not able to handle my bags so I had to re check in and go through security again once I arrived to DFW."
"LAX to DFW. Delayed 2 hours due to weather disrupting schedules. The departure gate was chaotic as passengers were asked to check cabin bags as the flight was full and cabin space was at a premium. Boarding was uneventful and the first class cabin is roomy seats are large and comfortable. Great recline particularly for long domestic sectors. IFE easy to navigate and a good selection of programs. Meal was tasty and the crew friendly and efficient. My concern surrounded the check-in staff checking your mobile while checking in passengers is not professional. Priority tag was not attached to my luggage which I discovered after waiting for my luggage in Dallas. Virgin America offers a great inflight product but their ground crew and reservation system must be addressed if the virgin brand is to represent a consistent product across all their subsidiaries."
"ORD-SFO. Flew priority select to SFO return in economy. Plenty of leg space in priority select. Snacks meals and drinks can be ordered at no cost using video screen. Once flight attendants made initial run through they were quick bringing drinks and snacks. Seating in economy comparable to most airlines snacks charged at usual airline costs and the selection less than in priority. Planes were new which is much appreciated after flying the old tubs American and Delta fly."
"LAX to DFW in seat 10F return in seat 20D. Booked regular economy but when checking in online offered an upgrade to Main Cabin Select. Flight attendants smiling and walking up/down the aisle asking what they can do for you. For the return no upgrades available but the economy leg room was at least 1-2 inches more than AA Delta or United. Ambient lighting and sound leather seats and plastic seat backs with clean trays. Baggage pickup in LAX was fast. Personal video monitor for music TV movies etc. Food was a step above some other airlines."
"LAS-SFO on Airbus A320. Boarding was far too early and disorganised for a plane this small. Having said that the flight did leave about 3 minutes early. Leg room was generous but the seats were a little thin cramped and short in the legs. The inflight entertainment system was good with a decent sized screen though many options were not available free of charge. Drinks are provides complimentary though no food was provided. The flight attendants were young but generally quite rude and arrogant. The cabin ambience was comfortable flight arrived early due to good weather. Overall easily the best airline in USA."
"BOS-LAX. My wife and I travelled to Los Angeles. The flight crew were happy and sincere. They cared about the jobs and were happy to answer any questions. Each seat had their own 8\" monitor to watch TV movies listen to the radio Videos on Demand view a GPS of the plane and weather conditions and to order food (great selection). All payable with a credit card on your monitor. The plane was clean and comfortable. The trip west arrived 30 minutes early. The flight back to Boston was just as pleasant but quicker."
"LAS-SFO. Probably the best domestic business class flight we've had. From the ground service to the service in the air everything was good. Food was great as was the IFE."
"LAS-SFO-half empty plane on a Tuesday. Loved the leather seats 32\" seat pitch was okay because seats are thin and comfy. Lighting was cool. FAs friendly and not seeming bored serving in the back of the plane."
"I was travelling with family and we were late. The ticket counter reps at Virgin America did a great job. They helped get my family (wife and 2 small ones) on board and set me up with a later flight with our luggage (we were too late to check the bags). They were very friendly professional and helpful. Plane has comfortable seats leg room (even in coach) and the individual screens make flying a joy. The fares we had were very good as well."
"Food ordering system from the screen was down. Heard the flight attendant saying she disabled the system for a break. You have to pay for your first checked bag. Red Entertainment system great with plenty of movies on demand. I don't really care for the mood lighting wifi on every flight but it didn't work either."
"JFK-LAX in Economy. Uneventful flight - very punctual but you have to pay for everything. A good budget airline with innovative ordering from your screen. Crew cheerful baggage available reasonably promptly. I would use them again but may prefer the First Class cabin to experience the whole thing."
"Virgin is a very good domestic choice. Staff are friendly smart and helpful. People seem to take pride in their work and have helped with every concern I have had. Their Economy product is very good quality yes you pay out of pocket for everything but it's worth it."
"LAX to DFW. The plane a new A320 was pretty full. The crew were very good. Great entertainment system with wifi and satellite TV. You could order snacks and drinks from your seat via the IFE system. Nothing was too much bother for the staff. A nice touch was the Pilots coming out of the cockpit at the end of the flight to thank everyone for flying with them."
"SEA-LAX Economy. Nice new plane (A320) pink and blue lighting made for a very pleasant ambience. Flight attendants were very friendly. Great value product."
"Flight from Orlando to San Francisco. First time flying with Virgin America. The aircraft was an A320. Well maintained extremely clean not a single piece of trash or anything on the ground. I love the IFE you can just select a movie and watch it. You also have music games and live TV available. Food was great and the flight attendants were fantastic. I especially like the RED system where you can select something that you want to eat or drink and a couple of minutes later one of the flight attendants brings it to you. It's great value for money and I definitely recommend it to anybody who considers flying with them. I am 100% positive I will be flying them again."
"MCO-SFO-MCO. Great flight and great service. Love the wi-fi and that you can order food/drink from your seat. Virgin America bring back the enjoyment of flying. Look out legacy carriers."
"Fantastic experience on both legs A319 Las Vegas-NYC and NYC-LAX on A320. Clean newish planes mood lighting comfortable leather sets and decent legroom on a domestic route. Was very impressed with the captains speech in full view of passengers solid service and the ability to order snacks throughout the seat through the RED system. The IFE was more than generous with numerous free programs and fairly recent movies to purchase. Friendly ground crew at all locations and the male FA's were far more restrained than the Australian FAs we get with Virgin Australia. Americans finally get a domestic service that Australians have had for years."
"SFO-LAX-SFO. First time flying Virgin America and it was a great experience. The website was simple and easy to use. The FA's were extremely courteous and polite and the pilots were funny. The A320 had great legroom the cabin was well maintained and the IFE was had lots of music movies games and live TV. On the way back I asked to be put on standby for an earlier flight and the gate agent did it for me in a polite and respectful manner none of the nonsense you get from United or American. And considering the price they offer I definitely will fly Virgin America in the future."
"What a great experience! I flew from SFO-Orlando Florida. My seat ended up being between two rather large women and the one on the aisle was unable to stand up to let me get to my seat. The steward decided with me that rather than embarrass the aisle passenger we would wait until the plane was loaded and change my seat. I was moved to the front bulkhead seat given a free sandwich for the inconvenience I experienced (which to me was not an inconvenience at all). Well done Virgin America! You took me back to a time when an airline passenger was important and treated very well!"
"JFK-LAX Main Cabin Select one way. Allowed two checked bags as it was booked on the same ticket as my international flight on V Australia. Loved what Virgin America offer especially the ability to order food and drink (free on this fare) from the IFE and then it magically comes to you soon after. IFE was also packed with plenty of music and movies etc. Very good experience they offer and present an excellent product."
"SEA-SFO A319/320. Check in and boarding efficient. Flight attendants courteous and professional. I found economy seats comfortable for a 90 minute flight - good leg room. Cabin clean and well maintained. Virgin is a unique product in the US vs the main line carriers."
"LAX-FLL-LAX round trip. Service was top notch with boarding efficiency inflight service food and IFE well above US standards. Virgin America is the only US airline whose premium economy and first class products are enough of an upgrade over economy to be actually worth the extra money on all flights."
"Virgin America just started flying out of ORD so I expected glitches. Not too many tho. Two major things to work on. The system for pre-printing boarding passes kept locking up. Going to SFO was fine returning it was impossible to print out. System kept locking up. Cost me money each time I tried but was never able to do it. Had to have an agent do it at the ticket counter. Seats were roomy enough planes clean."
"SFO to FLL travelling with infants. Plane new and clean. Flight attendants professional pleasantly surprised at good amount of leg room. Loved the individual screen for shows and ability to order a beverage from my seat. I'm most grateful for the flight attendant that opened the bathroom door for me and pulled down the infant changing table - as my arms were full of a baby and a diaper bag."
"LAX-JFK return. Virgin America straddles a weird and fairly confusing space between full- service and budget but is surely the most innovative airline in the US. So many simple touches - playing music at check-in captain farewelling passengers and explaining delays at the boarding gate instead of check-in staff ordering food from seat-back screen. The legroom is fine by domestic standards but would be tight internationally. My flight over was without incident but the flight back was cancelled. This is where Virgin America completely fell apart. They could not handle the mess of 180 angry passengers trying to get out of New York. Despite sprinting back to the check-in desk it took them 3 hours to get me a hotel and food voucher and they couldn't tell me when I could fly next but said they would call. They never did and it was up to me to contact them to try and get to LAX. There was no communication - we were not told the ticketing system was down - to us it appeared that they were just incredibly slow taking an hour to process each passenger. The airport hotel was excellent and they were able to get me to LAX via SFO less than 24 hours later."
"Flew from Las Vegas and loved the fact I could upgrade for less than $500. The plane was a bit worn but very comfortable. The attendants were very nice. The only complaint I have is the food was by far the worst I've been served on any airline. I pretty much starved as I could not eat what was served. Even the bread rolls were stale and not good. So please whoever is in charge of food service do something about it."
"My partner and I were blown away by the friendliness professionalism and dedication of the cabin crew on this flight. Not only did they present us with a bottle of red wine (signed by the entire crew) to congratulate us on our recent wedding but the head attendant came to the baggage claim to return my jacket which I stupidly left on board."
"JFK to SFO round trip staff professional and friendly. The flight on the way to SFO was only about 70% full which was nice and the flight attendants seemed to take extra time to make sure passengers were happy and were enjoying the flight. I enjoyed the satellite TV and the reasonably priced wifi. On the return flight (a red eye) the check in staff were especially friendly and helpful enjoyed the snack served and managed to get some sleep. The mood lighting is actually helpful. I would even pay a bit more to fly them over other carriers out of JFK."
"JFK to SFO. Booked main cabin select for extra leg room (+ one free case priority boarding priority check in and some free food / drink) - 6 hours before (in the middle of the night) we upgraded to first for $160 each. The money was well worth it due to the luxury of 2x2 seating for the first two rows only. However like a lot of flights you're at the mercy of your neighbours - in our case a mother and child who were loud. 1 hour delay announced at the gate at JFK where staff were indifferent beyond belief. They didn't really know what was going on and in the end we left over two hours late. There were some nice touches- lighting in the cabin music in the rest rooms pilot doing his briefing from the cabin. The flight attendants were very pleasant quite informal and helpful. The food in first wasn't really up to scratch. A salad main dessert. (and free drinks on request) followed by nothing - I'd expect a second snack at least. Although the seat was roomy there were no obvious instructions for the seat and it was trial and error to work out the best config to rest in. WiFi was NOT free and cost $11.95 for a laptop - good value with pretty good speed for 39000 feet. The negative comment really was on safety. A mediocre briefing poor checks of the cabin and lead flight attendant despite making the PA for all electronic items to be switched off continued to use his iphone! Main Cabin select seemed worth the money at the time of booking (and the people in our original seats looked comfy). The upgrade to first was worth every cent for the space though I think labelling the service first (other than the seat) is probably pushing it a bit!"
"SFO-DFW return - the best bargain out there. Booked economy and upgraded to main cabin select then upgraded to first class. The upgrade included free meals free baggage wi-fi as well as TV and movies. The most inexpensive upgrade of any airline I've flown. The service was excellent. Since we flew with a handicapped passenger Virgin America made sure wheelchair accomodations were waiting for us at the arrival gates."
"LAX-MCO. We originally had booked Main Cabin Select but once we boarded we noticed there were available seats in first class. We asked the flight attendant if we could upgrade and he immediately went to the ticket counter and arranged the upgrade. Within 5 minutes we moved to first class. Needless to say it was one of the best flights we have taken. flight attendant was very attentive to our needs and extremely friendly. They were having an internet promotion at that time so internet was free for everyone not just first class."
"LAX-IAD Red eye. Check-in is terrific security was awful. New plane leather seats. Good food innovative ordering system. Didn't really sleep much. Slightly more pleasant than the United flight though rather be on a 767. Redeyes are all pretty bad."
"JFK-LAX return and required a wheelchair for the return flight. Personnel at both ends couldn't have been more accommodating - perfect help and service including a stop in LAX to buy food and water for the trip. Seats were comfy enough especially for the very good price legroom could have been better but then it always could and the chicken salad sandwich I ordered in flight was excellent. I would fly with Virgin America again - Virgin Atlantic is another story."
"New York Kennedy to San Francisco economy. Boarding the aircraft I was told that my IFE would not work and I would be compensated. To my surprise it worked perfectly. The cabin was clean meal snack and drink options were a pricey let-down. Because it was the holidays (few days after thanksgiving) there was free wireless as opposed to the usual 8 dollars/month. My seat was comfortable and roomy - cabin had awesome lighting."
"YYZ-LAX First Class. It was Halloween and cabin crew were dressed in costume and quite jovial. Appearance of cabin very clean and crisp. Seat very roomy and electronic controls were great. Cushion on the firm side but quite nice overall. Dinner fine though being in row 2 and having only one choice of meal left was a bit disappointing. Entertainment system great with movies and live satellite TV available. On time departure early arrival. Bags out relatively quickly. Good trip I would fly with them again."
"LAX-YYZ. One of the best experiences I have had with an airline in a long time. The staff was extremely friendly the flight attendants were young and happy to help. The baggage allowance is amazing. The flight left on time and arrived on time if not a little bit early. Large variety of food and drinks on flight. I would definitely recommend this airline and I will choose Virgin America as my first choice in airline to LAX."
"SFO to JFk and back. The staff friendly professional and efficient. The whole process from purchasing tickets to online boarding passes simple food ordering on board was excellent and easy. I was most impressed that the cabin staff was constantly walking through the cabin to relieve passengers of any refuse so the cabin remained clean and there was no juggling of used cups food containers etc. My only difficulty is that while slightly more roomy than some other airlines the leg room is still uncomfortable for anyone with long legs."
"LAX-JFK return. Would recommend Virgin America to anyone - they were great (the only thing I could complain about is the $25 baggage fee but the fares were cheap so it didn't matter too much). New planes with unique mood lighting made for a pleasant flight. Both flights left on time and one arrived considerably early. The service and the food I bought were both good."
"LAX-Seattle round trip the same day. I was seated in the bulkhead premium economy row. Legroom was ample the inflight entertainment worked reasonably well except when the satellite cut out for about 20 minutes on the outbound the food was tasty and the cabin staff were much more engaging and professional than the unionised drones on United or Alaska. The only gripe I have is that the cabin interior has too much white which causes problems with glare when the windows are open. They need to add more contrasting colour to reduce glare."
"IAD-LAX-IAD. Check-in efficient and personable. Cabin crew on both flights helpful and friendly. The RED entertainment system charged $8 to watch on-demand movies on one's little screen - very overpriced but at least this is made up for with extensive free TV music and games options (especially the music - top-notch). Meal options are similarly pricey and sometimes disappointingly small although I can't fault them on taste. Lavatories are slightly roomier than the norm and each seat comes with the great convenience of an AC power jack. For a ticket that was only $20 more than the usual cross-continental cattle cars I had a fab flight with Virgin and will consider them again."
"BOS-SFO-LAX and back. Upbeat staff new aircraft and good service. I think their success right now is the crews are young - it will be interesting to see how the airline does in the coming years as the company ages."
"I have recently flown VA three times FLL-SFO. Check-in is cheerful. The airplanes are new and comfortable non-stop flights and great in-flight entertainment tasty food for sale on board. The flighty attendant service is very spotty and sometimes FA's are quirky."
"BOS-LAX flew Virgin for the second time. Great comfortable leather seats new A320 and tv screens and entertainment on each seat. One problem the cabin crew I flew on a night flight and asked the cabin attendant for a pillow and a blanket. She replied very rudely \"Sorry but pillows and blankets are for first class passengers only!\" Although I had this experience I will fly Virgin again and bring my own blanket next time."
"LAX-SFO-LAX with new A320. Everything on time clean and nice plane friendly staff. I hadn't seen such a good IFE especially in low cost airlines. Easy boarding self-checkin and flight. Price was really low - 100 USD bought 4 weeks before."
"SFO-SEA and return. Virgin America leaves the US legacy airlines in the dust. Clean new A319. Fast check in both trips but shame about the check-in baggage fee. Friendly professional crew. The Captain came into the cabin before the flight departed to make his announcements and was waiting again while passengers left the plane. Very good AVOD entertainment system with very wide range of music and good range of free satellite TV stations and with a standard headphone jack). Comfortable seats with reasonable seat pitch in economy (compared to Qantas or American Airlines). Nice mood lighting in the cabin. Free coffee and soft drinks."
"FLL-LAX and return last week. Everything went smoothly on both flights (return was a red-eye). Operation at FLL very smooth since only 2 LAX and 2 SFO trips operate from there. Even at LAX which appears to be a hub for them everything went smoothly. Cabin staff was attentive to passengers needs and very pleasant. At LAX my baggage actually beat me to the baggage carousel. Would fly them anywhere they go."
"LAX to Washington (IAD) return as our feeder service from Australia. The service was superb staff friendly and flights ran on schedule. The planes are new mood lighting very pleasant. The touch screen video system is fabulous no need to buy movies as the free music and TV provide plenty of entertainment. Great also to find an airline that still provides free tea coffee and soft drinks which you can simply order from your seat using the inflight entertaimment system."
"LAS-SFO return. Fabulous experience even though we were delayed in both directions. Ground staff kept us fully informed when delayed and one enterprising ground agent at SFO started a trivia quiz at the gate to keep us entertained while we were waiting for the aircraft to arrive. I like the violet mood lighting inside the aircraft and both cabin and cockpit crew were brilliant. The free IFE is fantastic on a short flight and if you want to pay for a film you have the choice. Alcoholic drinks and snacks are ordered via your seatback screen but soft drinks are free. Great product great staff and great service."
"LAX-SFO and SFO-JFK. Upgraded Main Cabin to First Class (a pity that you can only do that 6 hours before departure now). The food really isn't up to much but the comfort on a long flight makes it worth the upgrade cost. Both flights left on time and arrived early. Crew were attentive and professional. Boarding was speedy and efficient. This might be a low cost airline but they offer better service than some of the 'full service' companies. For best fares book early."
"I have been both Main Cabin and First Class and yet to try Main Cabin Select. Both products are great. The only problem is that they need to lower the baggage fees for Main Cabin fares."
"LAX-SEA round trip our first flight with our 3 1/2 month old son. We booked 2 premium economy bulkhead seats (Virgin America markets its exit row and bulkhead economy seats as premium economy). The premium economy fare was comparable to standard economy fares on competing United and Alaska. Unlike some US airlines Virgin America does not require babies under 2 to have their own seat. There is a level of courtesy and engagement with the customer among the cabin and ground staff that is not seen among the US legacy airlines. Cabin crew made sure we were comfortable. Flights on time and the bulkhead left just enough space to change a nappy (diaper in USA) on the floor in front of the seats. Virgin America's \"Red\" inflight entertainment/food ordering system works much better now than it did the first year or so the airline was in existence."
"LAX-IAD-LAX roundtrip first class. Virgin America's domestic first class on its A319/320s is the best among US airlines with the exception of American's LAX/SFO-JFK premium service. The fare was comparable to the competition but superior service makes it better value for the money. The seats don't recline completely flat but go back about 150 degrees. The 58\" pitch is generous and in-seat massage function a nice touch. IFE is the best among US airlines with satelite TV programming a selection of 10-15 movies and a nice selection of audio tracks and the ability to customise your playlist and save it for future Virgin America flights. The mood lighting is very good for night flights. Food and beverage service is on demand and the food while in small portions is superior to most other airlines. The flight attendants and ground crew seem to want to please the customer more than those with other US airlines."
"I arranged for my 83 year old Mother to visit me in Los Angeles last week. She is suffering from severe memory loss and needs to be assisted I was taken back in the manner that all the Virgin America staff assisted her needs. From the time she left Fort Lauderdale Florida to her return the Virgin staff was amazing. They kept in touch with me via cell phone to alert me of her arrival here in Los Angels as well as her return to Florida. Beyond just handing her off to a porter to wheel her out the ground personal escorted her personally to her caretaker in Florida at the luggage carousel due to some confusion caused by my mother that caused the airline to be unsure of where the caretaker was. The respect care and humanity showed to my mother was incredible."
"SFO-LAX return. Easy quick and enjoyable. It is refreshing to see this standard of service in the US and on short haul flights."
"I was surprised how convenient and friendly the experience was for us. Although we encountered holiday crowds we were so thankful we werent stuck on another airline. The service was exceptional the lines were manageable; and the plane was very comfortable! Virgin America is definitely turning us into loyal customers."
"LAX-JFK was very impressed from start to finish. Check in at LAX was quick and friendly. Boarding was quick. The red-purple lighting on board was a nice change from the usually bright white. Cabin crew were friendly and attentive and the legroom was excellent (we were at an emergency exit)."
"FLL to SFO economy. Very good value for money. Great entertainment system no fuss check in pleasant and friendly flight and crew and an impressive system for ordering food and drink on board. By some margin the best domestic flight I've taken in the USA."
"LAX-SFO-LAX. Quick boarding friendly staff. I upgraded to Main Cabin Select both ways and was pleased. Great legroom in MCS and priority boarding with MCS. Although they say on their web site that MCS and First Class get priority security screening this is not true - no separate lines at SFO nor at LAX for priority security screening. Is the upgrade fee worth the price? You do get more legroom and priority boarding - otherwise economy is just as fine for I have flown both classes."
"SEA-LAX-SEA in November. Boarding a breeze. Captain came out and gave his spiel before departure. Flight attendant very friendly and prompt with meal (quite tasty) and drink service. Nice wide seats and IFE kept me occupied the rest of the flight. Return flight check in LAX much better than Seattle. Again no complaints with service in First. Another attentive FA and good meal. Tried the free wi-fi promo with my Netbook and it was pretty slick. Will definitely fly Virgin America again."
"FLL-LAX. Although the crew were not quite as vibrant as on previous flights they were friendly and efficient. A circumstance which exceeded my expectation was my choice of food ordered on board was unavailable although showed available on the RED ordering system. My order was refunded plus I was offered my choice of menu item at no cost. The refund was expected the offer of a free alternative choice was not expected but greatly appreciated."
"First class San Francisco to Las Vegas return. And just 100 USD extra! Very modern and fast check-in. Priority boarding take off on time snacks and drinks massage chair and very friendly and efficient staff. Personal feel and great value for money."
"SAN-SFO. Great check in and upgraded for small cost. Almost the same price to pay for my 2 bags in economy. Seat excellent staff excellent service excellent and entertainment excellent. Selection of snacks not excellent. Captain made an introduction speech from the cabin which I felt was also an excellent touch. Definitely a notch above Jet Blue and Southwest"
"SEA-LAX and back. Flying with two toddlers was a pleasure on the way down to LA. Flight crew were friendly and helpful. Return flight was another matter. Woman at check-in not very friendly and seemed to be upset when I inquired about early boarding for children. Flight attendants on the plane not smiling the entire trip or helpful."
"JFK-LAS. The staff were okay not Southwest style of cheerful. I didn't know that I had to pay for food - so $3.50 later for a half can of Pringles I enjoyed the seatback entertainment. I would fly with Virgin again."
"Verified Review | My wife and I are travelling around the US for the first time from Australia. We were unsure of the local airlines and relied on mixed reviews. We flew Southwest from San Francisco to Orlando and Washington DC to New York and were amazed at the quality of service. The check in system is easy and efficient. the staff keep you posted at the departure gate on how to line up and how many people are on the flight. The system of no reserved seats appears daunting but somehow it works really well. Once on the plane the cleanliness was surprisingly good, the legroom was amazing as I am 6'5 and my wife 6' and the friendliness of the staff was as good as we have ever seen. Southwest Airlines will be my first choice for all future flights and I hope they maintain the high standards they currently have."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Baltimore. On a way home our flight was #1612 and I agree with customers who had not pleasant experience with flight attentents. We had a few coupons for free drinks and decided to use it on a way home because it was my husband birthday. I ordered Bloody Mary. My drink was amazing. I received a can of mix, packet of species and a bottle of vodka. I had over ice and had to add it to my plastic cup again to finish all liquid. My husband called a few times our flight attended to order more drinks for him. Then we heard unnecessary comment \" don't you think it's too much of jack Daniels?\" Maybe it was a joke but we paid for our drinks and it doesn't say how many drinks you can have. We are over 50 years old and I don't think those comments were appropriate. Our\"neighbor heard about celebrating birthday and decided to join us with her friend. She also ordered Bloody Mary. For our surprise light attendant brought her plastic cup with ice and already premixed drink. We were schocked. This lady saw me having like total of 2 cups versus one that she got. What happened to other part of vodka and mix of Bloody Mary? Are you guys trying to get $5/drink and split it for 2 people? Not cool at all. Very cheap move. I like Southwest, never had problems but this incident ruined my opinion about that. Unfortunately it's only airline we have to use to get to Cancun and its very fast. I'll try to order my drink in a future just to check if you will improve but how unsanitary is to biting unopened drinks."
"Verified Review | Flew Sacramento to San Diego with Southwest. The staff on this aircraft were wonderful! They were all so friendly, and gave excellent service. From loading all the way to unloading. They made me feel so comfortable! Thank you for making my flight so enjoyable!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas. Our row was completely missed to get drink order. When the flight attendant came around to drop drinks/snacks off to other rows we asked for a drink. We got an eye roll from the flight attendant after our entire row was completely awake yet again missed in the drink order. The gentleman aside from myself and my boy friend as rudely spoken to accusing him of being asleep which he was not. My boy friend also got a drink and while the attendant did seem preoccupied with attending to other guests on the flight my boy friend gently reminded him we ordered drinks, which was followed by a rude comment and loud embarrassing response from the attendant on just how may people were on the flight and we had to wait. We would have not had said anything if he didn't seem completely dismissive with our request. I understand they are busy but the attendant's responsive was just rude. This was my first trip with southwestern and the flight started off fantastic with the attendant making jokes and my previous flight before the lay over was seamless and fantastic. This absolutely ruined my experience with Southwestern on how rude the attendant was."
"Verified Review | I was unable to fly from Nashville to Dallas because of the hurricane in Texas. Southwest staff bent over backwards to help me and the outcome has been more than satisfactory. I feel very grateful for the standard of customer service."
"Verified Review | First time flying this airline (RDU-MCO-RDU), and I have to say I'm impressed with the service overall. It's no frills, but the customer service is excellent and two free checked bags is even better. I know some people like to badmouth EarlyBird Check In, but I bought it a few days before my flight and got A60 on both trips. Both were full flights and on time, while the return flight was eight minutes early. Considering late afternoon flights from Orlando tend to get delayed due to late afternoon storms, that was a nice change. The captain on both flights kept us informed of any developments and whenever we hit bumpy spots. Only negative things about my flight were the worn seats and the flat Coke I was given. A fairly uneventful flight, which is how I like it. Highly recommend Southwest Airlines."
"Verified Review | I have severe anxiety when I fly. This flight had some turbulence that made me have a small panic attack. When the stewardess saw me she instantly invited me to come stretch in the back, gave me ginger ale and a cold compress. While I was back there the stewardesses provided me with reassurance, conversation and encouragement. I was so touched at how friendly and kind they both were, constantly checking in on me and also bringing my husband a drink."
"Verified Review | Sacramento to San Antonio via San Diego. My flights with Southwest Airlines were fine. On the return flight - the copilot actually came down the aisle and introduced himself and wished everyone a good flight - nice touch. My issue came with the connecting gates in San Diego - Gates 1, 1A and 2. The first flight from Sacramento to San Diego - I had to change gates. Much to my surprise, I had to go through TSA security again because you walked from a secure area to a non-secure area. Even though I purchased a bottle of water in a secure area at the originating gate - I had to toss it because of the 2nd TSA security screen. On the way back - I had purchased a few items from the gift shops while waiting for my flight. Unfortunately, I had to change gates in San Diego - and had to go through the 2nd TSA security screen again. During this screen, I was told I could not keep a bottle of jelly I had purchased in the gift shop (receipt still in the bag) because it was over the limit - how incredibly ridiculous is that? I wasn't leaving the area without my purchased jelly - I didn't break any rules and I was going to be penalized due to SWA sending passengers on connecting flights through those gates. At one point I was told to just go back and get my luggage and place the jelly in my luggage - seriously? I just got off a plane and am in the process of going to a gate for my connecting flight - how on earth am I supposed to go get my bag? After speaking to the TSA supervisor and making it very clear I was not leaving without my jelly - the TSA agent decided they would test the jelly for whatever they test liquids for and then wrapped it up and handed it back to me after it passed the test. I can't be the first passenger this has happened to and the TSA agents explained they had made SWA aware of this issue but nothing had been done. For goodness sake SWA, use a little common sense and fix this issue. Have passengers who have to use those gates for connecting flights enter a separate area divided by security glass or stop routing passengers to those gates if they are changing gates for connecting flights. The current situation is beyond frustrating and really is inexcusable - there has to be a simple fix and if it isn't a simple fix - you should still fix it because it is a huge issue for your customers. For now - traveler beware - if you are changing gates during travel - avoid the San Diego airport because if your connecting flight is through gates 1, 1A or 2 - you can kiss that water or any gifts you just purchased in the secure area of your last flight that are liquid good-bye."
"Verified Review | Great flight at unbeatable value from Pittsburgh to Denver. Easy check-in, bags drop-off (2 pieces included in the basic fare!), convenient boarding process and seating, outstanding onboard service. It was my first flight ever with Southwest and I will surely fly again with them wherever I can!"
"Verified Review | Flew Oakland to Phoenix. Southwest Airlines has always been great to me. Today they showed me why I will always choose them as my preferred airline. My meeting got canceled and I was supposed to fly out at 5pm today. I am now on 6.30am flight to Phoenix. Best customer service."
"Verified Review | Since 1999, I have flown Southwest and never had problems with it. They have decent seats, and the staff has been friendly and helpful. In addition, Southwest prices are generally fair that customer can purchase tickets in advance for cheaper than most other carriers. They have added some decent flights which were beneficial to our whereabouts. Their boarding process, although different, works well. Fort Lauderdale Airport's Concourse B requires more expansion of rooms and gates because I see the heavy crowd, which makes me uncomfortable to walk. Sometimes chairs are full; you have to stand up, waiting to board. There are few plugs to charge devices. Tampa Airport's Concourse C looks very neat and comfortable. There are many plugs to charge devices. Thus, I have heard Southwest has 101 destinations in the United States and 8 additional countries that its airline connections are expanding. I have been flying often B737, which is great planes with good seats, and I hope Southwest buy more new next generation Boeing planes with more room for legs. Lastly, Southwest Airlines offers internet service using a satellite-based Wi-Fi provider. Cost per device for Wi-Fi access is $8. I know Wi-Fi is not free, and I wish Southwest offer us for 100% free Wi-Fi in order to contact with families and/or friends and watch streaming movies or shows. Therefore, I'm glad that I have decided to fly this airline without a doubt."
"Verified Review | Buffalo to Denver via Phoenix. This was my first time flying with Southwest. I had heard that they were excellent and after my horrendous experience with AA at the beginning of my trip, I decided to switch my return flight to Southwest Airlines. Everyone from the lady at the check in counter to the flight attendants were amazing. The seats were comfortable, good IFE. The flight attendant from Phoenix to Denver was the best I have ever had on a flight and I fly several times a year. My only complaint was that my baggage was put on the wrong flight out of Phoenix into Denver but the lady at baggage claim was so kind and helpful in making sure that my baggage got back to me quickly. My absolute new favorite airline. I'm so glad I decided to fly this airline."
"Unverified | Minneapolis to Washington via Chicago. I had an amazing customer service experience yesterday. My flight was delayed 40 minutes, so I landed in Chicago at 9pm. My connection boarded at 8:40, leaving at 9pm. I was sprinting from gate B3 to B7 at 9:02pm (sorry to the person who's bag I rolled over) and it was empty. Suddenly a lady comes running over \"are you Rebecca?!\" I can only nod yes before I bend over to catch my breath, as she barely slows to pull open the door and continues at full speed down the bridge. A flight attendant comes back with her to scan my ticket, and I thankfully board the plane and arrive home at midnight. Words cannot express how much I needed to catch that flight and not extend this trip. Thank you Southwest!"
"Verified Review | Southwest Airlines continues to do what their advertising says: the best service with the customer in mind. Flew from Phoenix, AZ to Hartford, CT. Found the prices, free luggage and no change fees terrific. Made a change over the phone with a helpful agent in a matter of minutes. With other airlines, it would have taken a lot longer and cost $100+. Also, the flight attendants were knowledgeable and funny. Now, whenever possible, I fly Southwest."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Chicago Thursday night April 6. Flight was supposed to be delayed 35 minutes but actual delay time was only 20 minutes. Flight attendants and pilot were awesome. We were offered free refills and extra snacks, very pleased. Only cost $212 to fly a family of 5 (infant on lap). Checked in 3 bags free of charge!"
"Verified Review | Flew Southwest Airlines from Houston, Texas to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. This review is for the employees at the customer service desk in the boarding area. I had lost my passport and was about to board, and 4 people immediately jumped to help solve my problem. They pulled my bags off my boarding flight to Mexico immediately and made sure I was able to get my bags. They than proceeded to do everything possible to contact the airports I was previously at and talk with their lost and found to see if my passport had been found. They gave me all the information for me to obtain a new passport in Downton Houston to fly out to Mexico the next morning! Couldn't of asked for a better turn of events."
"Verified Review | This review is written for the staff, pilot and amazing crew whom flew flight 5941 from Newark to Phoenix last night. The seats were comfortable for such a long flight and the drinks, snacks, TV provided were well above all expectations. Also, they went to the most ultimate extreme by presenting my fiancee and I an entire bottle of our favorite champagne once you heard we had just gotten engaged! Thank you with all our hearts. You made the last leg of our trip the absolute best."
"Verified Review | Flew from Minneapolis to Atlanta. Just wanted to thank the staff at Southwest Airlines. I lost my phone on a flight and it was found on Washington DC. I was in Atlanta for work and they sent it to me. Staff were very nice in tracking me down and shipping it to my hotel. This was the first time I had flown Southwest but will be a customer from now on."
"Unverified | Austin to New Orleans. I usually stick with full service carriers, but occasionally fly Southwest on routes where they provide a nonstop routing, such as this. Traveling one way to New Orleans for a sports competition my wife was participating in. Needed to check a couple of bags, using a Kiosk. All in all check in took no more than 5 minutes, despite a busy morning at AUS. Spent time in the United Club, then went to the gate about 45 minutes prior to boarding. We fly often enough with Southwest, so we are familiar with the boarding process, which to tell the truth, if I have to fly coach, I prefer. We always pay the earlybird check in fee, we are always in group A, even though it's not guaranteed, so we always get a good choice of seats. Sitting together, had a window and aisle, row 2, as the flight was not full this morning. Fast boarding, on time departure, quick taxi and we were off. Rainy morning this morning, so take off was bumpy and drink service delayed, but once above the clouds, we were served the usual complimentary drinks and light snacks. 58 minutes later on the ground in MSY, a quick taxi and an on time arrival. Bags were off quicker than American Airlines ever does, even when priority bags are attached. Over all a good value, quick trip, on time, nice crew, comfortable, clean plane. In short the usual Southwest experience."
"Verified Review | Flight 5401, San Jose - Phoenix on Mar 4 2017 was uneventful, with on-time departure and arrival, along with the usual friendly in-flight service (one round of drinks and peanuts) by the Flight Attendants (FAs). The return flight 611, PHX  SJC on Mar 5 2017, scheduled to depart at 10.05 pm, was progressively delayed. At 5.59 pm, they moved the departure time to 10.45. At 6.31, they moved departure to 11.15. At 9.03 they changed departure to 11.45. We finally boarded, took our seats, and at 11.50 pm, right before push-back from the gate, an instrument (artificial horizon) broke. The pilot had to wait for another plane to land at PHX so mechanics could take that instrument from that plane and install it in ours. We finally departed at 12.15 am. Experiencing the delay get progressively extended, was a bit stressful, but eventually we made it to our destination, and on this flight the FAs again provided excellent service (even though Im sure they had been as frustrated by the delay as the passengers were."
"Unverified | Reno to Las Vegas return. I fly this route 4-5 times a year. Southwest has their act together on this easy 1 hour flight. On time departure with normal Southwest courtesy on this route. Quick boarding, quick push-back and off we went. Luggage arrived in a timely manner in Vegas. Return flight was delayed by 15 minutes, then 30 minutes due to very high winds. Understandable. The captain let us know we would have a bumpy take off and some bumpy conditions on and off during the flight. No drink service during the flight due to the weather and the flight crew did apologize for that but when the captain wants everyone seated then that is it. Anyway the flight was not as bad as we were led to think. Was windy and snowing upon landing in Reno. All in all Southwest keeps delivering a good product on this flight and the ground staff and cabin crew do a good job."
"Verified Review | Ft Myers to Baltimore Washington via Providence. I just wanted to say how incredibly thankful I am for the unbelievable support I received from Southwest Airlines. I had an accident a few weeks ago and am still recovering and had to travel with my small dog. Their team was attentive and very helpful during my entire journey. As tired as I was after the entire trip, I have nothing but great things to say for Southwest Airlines staff. They helped with with wheelchair travel and even helped pick up my pup when I was unable to lift her. The staff is A+ in my book and I just needed to let who ever may read this know how great they all were."
"Verified Review | Reno to South Padre Island via Dallas. Great seats, excellent service, on time departure and arrival, good value. I have been flying Southwest since I was 18 (and before that, but not on my own dollar). I have the SWA Chase points card RapidRewards. I love that too. The only thing SWA does not offer is premium econ, between first class and coach, which I wish they did. Often on flights I give them my drink coupons or offer to pay and they don't let me, they will comp the drink, or a nearby passenger will share coupons. Not sure why but the people who choose to fly SWA are pretty awesome. Great baggage handling and free bags. Excellent flight change policy: it is free, and if you need to catch a flight from another airline, they will try to help, which has saved me a huge amount of stress and dollars. I have had 99% good experiences with Southwest Air. I wish they flew to Hawaii and Europe!"
"Verified Review | Houston to Midland via Dallas. I'm disappointed because the Southwest Airlines commercials and adds state that if an emergency arises that they are always willing to work with a customer. I called Southwest, stated that we had a family emergency arise, that I had to transport my mom to the hospital. The customer agent stated she was sorry and that I needed to pay $216.00 extra for another flight. If you're going to charge people then don't tell us you would love to work with us. However inflight services by pilots and cabin crew are and have always been fantastic for me, the airline has been on time and in most cases saved 20 mins from jetway to jetway. I had one flight that was 20 mins late only because the pilots had a false engine reverse thruster alarm sound when landing from the previous flight which the mechanics corrected promptly and without incident. My only issue is the false advertisement."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Houston. We made an honest mistake and booked our flight for January 24th instead of December 24th. Southwest Airlines was amazing and transferred our tickets and found a flight for us on December 24th for no extra charge! Absolutely unbeatable service. They make the flight entertaining."
"Kansas City to New Orleans. Southwest Airlines has always been my favourite company to fly with - I have not found an airline yet that can compare. I have had to travel more lately due to work and I will search up and down for SW flights before ever going to another airline. Recently, my name changed, and today at 11am I sent in my name change information, and just now, at about 4:15pm, I have received my confirmation emails with all of my information completely updated. I cannot rave enough about this company and I cannot ever recall having a bad experience. I have seen them deal with difficult customers and they do handle these situations in the most professional and understanding way."
"Very happy with Southwest Airlines. Traveled from Minneapolis to Phoenix with my wife and 5 kids (ages 1,3,5,7 and 9). It has been many years since I have flown and never for any of the kids. First got to the check in counter and baggage drop off in Minneapolis - not knowing procedure we were greeted right away with a smile and very friendly employee. We were checked in right away and given instructions on where to go and what we would need to do when we got to the gate with our stroller. Proceeded to go through security, again nervous as to how smoothly this would go with all the horrible stories I have heard. TSA agent checking our id's was very friendly and good about telling us where to go and what was expected of us to get though security. Got to the Southwest gate and before I could even get over to the agent he came over asked about the stroller and went back to the counter and came back a minute later with a claim ticket and label for our stroller. They explained we would board after the A ticket holders and wheel chairs as a family. We boarded the plane got to pick our seats 3 on the left side and 4 on the right with the 1 year old on my wifes lap. All Southwest attendants were nice and friendly during the flight. Landed in Arizona and got off the plane with no issues, got to baggage claim and our bads were already there waiting on the conveyor. On our way home it was just as good. Overall I was very pleased with Southwest and their staff. A great price compared to other options."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Spokane WA. No problems. Even though I was the last of about 150 people boarding (having misunderstood the online preboarding process, I wound up having to get my boarding pass at the airport) and had to take a middle seat between two guys, who both seemed to be recovering from chest colds, my 2.2-hour run from Phoenix to Spokane was fine. Nice staff at both ends of the process. Seat not too tight. Neighboring passengers courteous. A fair boarding process. No delays. The price: not a terrific deal (my round-trip ticket between Spokane and Phoenix was just below $500), but not ruinously expensive, and this was, after all, Thanksgiving. I feel positive about this trip partly because of my last flight, from Honolulu to Ithaca, NY. That was via United. United treated coach-class passengers like sacks of dirt. It canceled a flight (D.C. to Syracuse) with no better excuse than that it was under-booked, offered no apologies, made people stand in line for one hour to get alternative routing, ultimately made me spend an extra night in Syracuse, at a cost of about $100. By comparison, this experience at Southwest was wonderful. Until I'm disabused of my faith in Southwest, I'll happily board it again."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Denver. Southwest is the best airline for a number of reasons - customer service is amazing, flights are easy to change (I recently changed my entire flight from LAX to SNA on the same day of travel). They have the best prices. It is easy to get priority status."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Sacramento. My husband and I flew with our 6 month old for the first time so we could go visit family for Thanksgiving. We chose Southwest because it was literally half the price than other airlines during the holidays. We had never travelled with children before so we had our hands full with the stroller and car seat. While boarding, a man came up behind me and said \"Can I help with those?\" I said sure not realizing it was the pilot right away. He carried my car seat and stroller and waited in line with us. I told him not to worry and he could go ahead since he had more important things to do, but he waited and seemed happy to help. While descending, our son was screaming so loud, and the lovely flight attendant, came over right away and entertained him until he smiled and settled down. After landing and exiting the plane, I apologized to the staff and other passengers for my son making such a scene, but everyone was very friendly and understanding. We had such a great experience with Southwest!"
"Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore with Southwest Airlines. My luggage was damaged. When I went to the baggage desk I was immediately assisted. The staff inspected my luggage and offered me three ways to resolve the problem. I chose to be reimbursed immediately for $60 and the whole thing took less than 15 minutes. I was very impressed with the staff and how they handled the situation."
"Denver to Seattle. Southwest Airlines has the absolute best customer service. I have been flying with them for years and they always deliver. Comfortable economy seats, friendly staff, and flexibility. If they expanded their international travel, I would exclusively fly with them. I was planning on taking my parents to spend Christmas with my sister and nieces in another state but ended up needing to cancel my travel plans due to my mother becoming unexpectedly sick. The employees that I have spoke with thus far have been wonderful. We were able to come up with a solution that allowed me to keep my travel funds and I will be using them toward another trip with Southwest at a later time. The staff kindness and generosity has been excellent during a difficult time for my family and I. I will remain a loyal customer and recommend to everyone I know.."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Las Vegas. I like Southwest Airlines. The rates are reasonable. There are no hidden fees, or change fees, or bag fees. They serve snacks and drinks and for free. In all my flights, the flight crew has been friendly, and this last round trip flight was no exception. People who work for Southwest in my experience seem happy to do so. The planes are all Boeing 737's and for economy class seating, there is better space than many other airlines. The inflight entertainment is via wifi on your own device, which means no footwell intrusions from IFE boxes or bulky seatbacks. Some people are taken aback by Southwest's open seating policy, but its never been an issue for me. On the return leg of this last flight was on a brand new 737-800, only two months old and still had that new plane smell. Both of my flights left on time and landed early. I have no complaints about my experience."
"Baltimore to Wichita with Southwest Airlines. I purchased two tickets for two people under one reservation. I needed to change the return flight for one of these tickets without changing the flight for everyone on the reservation. Since you cannot do this online without changing the entire reservation, I was able to get my flight changed with one simple phone call that lasted all of 8 minutes including the automated menu and hold time. This change also did not cost me extra! This was a nice surprise considering is took me 6 months to get American Airlines to acknowledge that they need to reimburse me for a flight I was never on! It was pleasant calling 1 number and speaking to a person rather then calling 13 different numbers and getting the same automated message. This great costumer service plus two free bags to check makes Southwest my preferred airline."
"Reno to Las Vegas return. I fly this route several times a year and Southwest delivers a fine product. This time we were traveling with our 90 year old father who requires assistance and wheelchair which we requested. The wheelchair was waiting for us at the airport when we arrived and we were assisted by very nice ground staff all the way to entering the plane. We had to gate check his walker which was promptly waiting for us when we arrived in Las Vegas along with a wheelchair and more assistance from the ground crew. It was all very well done. On our return flight we ran into all kinds of horrible traffic delays due to the Presidential Debate taking place just a few blocks away from the airport. The highways and roads were all closed leading to the airport so when we realized that we would not make our flight we called Customer Service, explained our situation and rebooked for a later flight. The agent was understanding, very pleasant and had us rebooked at no charge within 5 minutes. Upon arrival at the airport a wheelchair was waiting and again the ground crew offered great assistance all the way to the plane. We again gate checked his walker and it was waiting for us upon arrival in Reno along with a wheelchair. Overall I was very impressed by the way Southwest worked with us both on the ground and in the air. Job well done."
"Verified Review | Heavy headwind extended the flight to 4.5 hours. Southwest doesn't control the wind however, they did make the slightly longer flight highly entertaining. About half way to Seattle, the flight attendants decided we needed to play Blackout Bingo. Seriously funny with the quips from the flight crew including the pilot and co-pilot. The flight crew did everything possible to make the flight entertaining. Kudos to the Southwest crew for going above and beyond to make the passengers enjoy a somewhat long flight enjoyable. I really enjoyed the safety briefing where they said \"In case Southwest Airlines becomes Southwest Cruise Lines\" when showing the safety jackets. This is a \"No Frills\" airline. You don't pay for checked luggage. The price you're shown is the total price without added expense. Yes, I paid $40 for expedited boarding but that was my choice to avoid having a middle seat. If you want to save some cash yet have a fun flight, you can't do better than Southwest."
"Atlanta to Sacramento via Denver with Southwest Airlines. I had to switch flights on the way back from Atlanta. My flight to Phoenix was delayed due to work at the airport. The delay meant I wouldn't make the flight to Sacramento. I had to fly from Atlanta to Denver and on to Sacramento. Because of the switch I was the last one on the plane both times and stuck in middle seats after getting A boarding with the original flights. A Southwest flight attendant though saved the day. On the Denver to Sacramento trip he asked me if I knew the latest score of the Giants-Cubs game. I was wearing a Giants shirt. I said I had to board right before the ninth inning. He told me to log on to the plane's wi-fi, but my phone was near dead and I needed it to get picked up in Sacramento. So this attendant goes back and gets his iPad so I can watch the end of the game. The flight attendant couldn't have been more helpful. Way to save the day Southwest."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Baltimore Washington. We headed to Orlando for our couple vacation. Beautiful, until Hurricane Matthew showed up. We had to leave 2 days earlier, 6th October. Very anxious moments indeed. Southwest gate and ticket agents assisted us greatly from being on \"standby\" to being the last 3 passengers to board non stop to BWI. These ladies are professionals who under pressure got us as passengers to our destinations safely. Please thank the professional pilots, flight attendants and ground crew for their outstanding performance and professional work ethic in such a time of crisis."
"Long Island to Orlando. Very pleasant, the flight was easy the other passengers weren't disruptive. Islip check in was quick, boarding was like 2 hours or so late because I flew on July 4th weekend. I flew in the Boeing 737 in Heart One livery a nice plane, though I didn't get window seat the flight was still good. I recommend Southwest Airlines."
"Verified Review | I'm going to start off by saying that the check-in agent was very friendly and helpful, making sure I knew where to go not only in Norfolk International, but also in Baltimore. Because I paid the cheapest fare, I was one of the last people on. Luckily it wasn't a full flight so I still got an aisle seat. The plane was clean. The flight attendant giving the safety announcement, as per apparent Southwest policy, made the speech into a comedy routine (much needed on a red-eye). For those who don't know, the flight from Norfolk to Baltimore usually takes a maximum of fifty minutes; this time it was more along the lines of thirty-five. Despite this short timeframe, however, the crew made sure we all got our snacks and drinks (though I didn't have any). I have usually had good experiences flying on Southwest, and this flight was no exception."
"New Orleans to San Diego. My partner and I were visiting the US from Australia and we have taken 4 internal flights with Southwest Airlines in the last 2 weeks - we have to say that they are brilliant. We bought \"wanna getaway\" tickets that were cheap and all flights left on time and there were no problems. I read online previously that you must check in exactly 24hours before your flight to make sure you get your seats, which we always did (we set alarms to remind us 24 hours before on the dot!) Staff were friendly and we loved that this airline has no hidden costs and a big suitcase each flies free. Would definitely recommend these guys!!"
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Boston. I've always flown Southwest Airlines. Never had a problem and actually enjoy flying with them - crew is extremely friendly and quite funny. Today I decided to write a review because I left an item on the plane. One of the flight attendants remembered where I was going and came to my gate with my item. I am extremely grateful and was so surprised! So awesome, thank you!!"
"Verified Review | Originally booked a flight from San Jose to Phoenix (and return) with Southwest Airlines. At the airport, the flight from San Jose was cancelled due to mechanical problems with the plane. I received a text alert even before an announcement was made at the boarding gate, so I made my way to a customer service counter. The agent was fast and to the point, while remaining courteous. I ended up being re-routed through John Wayne (Orange County) airport, and eventually arrived at Phoenix less than 3 hours after my original flight. For my troubles, I received a $200 voucher, which is more than what I paid for the round-trip. I was impressed by how quickly they found a solution to the cancelled flight, and amazed by the financial compensation."
"Los Angeles to Portland. Southwest has some incredible customer service. I completely messed up and accidently missed my flight to go back home. I briefly explained what had happened and without hesitation, the very friendly female clerk got me onto another flight within a few minutes. There was no charge, no hassle, and before I knew it, I had another flight back to Portland. Very appreciative of the great customer service and the williningness to work with their customers."
"Verified Review | Traveled by myself from Grand Rapids to Philadelphia with a stop in Chicago Midway. Looked at prices for other airlines and I saw nothing less than $350 round trip. A co-worker suggested I check Southwest Airlines website since they don't pop up on Priceline and other travel websites and found the same flight for $240. Good first impression there. When I arrived I learned that my first flight from GRR to MDW was delayed 45 minutes as the plane was stuck in IAD - however, the attendants seemed very eager to get us to our destination and boarded those with close connecting flights first so they wouldn't miss them. I was impressed even further by the friendliness of the ground service. Great sense of humor. This was a reoccurring theme on each flight. Planes were clean and well maintained. I understand some of the planes received new seats which supposedly are far superior to the old ones. Wasn't super comfortable but better than any I've sat in on an American Airlines flight. I purchased wifi for 8 bucks and it lasted for the entire day, so I used it on both flights even though I had to change planes. Cabin service was efficient with a large selection of drinks. Attendants were very personable and helpful. I like how they read gate info before landing. Also worth noting that I travelled alone. I can see how their open seating process could negatively effect groups of people traveling together. They do offer family boarding after the A group boards which was neat to see. I landed a first row seat 3 of my 4 flights and it was very spacious but all carry on must be stored above. If you're traveling light it's worth climbing over a few people as the leg room was fantastic. Overall great first impression of Southwest. No large complaints worth noting. Can't beat their prices. It's hard to find good rates to bigger cities when flying out of an airport as small as Grand Rapids. Will definitely fly again."
"Dallas to Fort Lauderdale with Southwest Airlines. 1.5 hour delay, had to switch gates and planes mid boarding due to hydraulic fluid leak. While it was an inconvenience at least we had peace of mind. Safery first. The Captain and crew took the time to explain the problem and were prompt and courteous getting us boarded on the new plane and on our way. On our flight back to Dallas (flight 3137) the flight crew was very friendly and made our early morning flight a breeze. Loved the jokes and sense of humor. We have been on other airlines where the flight crew were not so friendly and almost rude so it was very refreshing to see some sense of humor in the air especially on an early morning flight."
"On my recent trip from San Francisco retuning home to San Diego with Southwest Airlines, I had a wonderful experience with a kind and knowledgeable flight attendants. Attentive and customer service oriented. It made my experience on this short flight memorable and reminded me how positive interactions can make something mundane really meaningful."
"Verified Review | My Southwest flight took off on time from Fort Myers and landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule in Pittsburgh. Plane was clean and comfortable. Mixed drinks are only $5, snacks are good. Boarding is first come, first serve, but my daughter and husband and I all found seats next to each other even boarding in the \"C\" line. Luggage all arrived at our destination. Only negative is that they charge $8 for WiFi, which is excessive for a 2 hour flight. Will definitely choose them again - their fares are reasonably priced for a carrier that doesn't charge you to check luggage."
"I recently flew on a Southwest Airlines new 737-800 from St. Louis to Washington National and it was a very comfortable experience. The flight was full going there and on the way back but the cabin crew was very helpful and able to get to us very quickly. When we checked our bags, even with it being about 50 of us in the group, they were able to take care of us pretty quickly along with taking care of the other people not with our group at the same time. Overall, I would recommend flying with Southwest."
"Verified Review | Portland to Boise with Southwest. Our 12 year old son flew by himself and had to change planes with a 2 hour layover. Since he's 12, he's an unaccompanied minor. Southwest employees were so kind and generous by offering a meet and assist during his plane change and layover. Plus, they went the extra mile by calling us to confirm our son had landed and was in their care. They even put him on the phone to speak with us. We have always received excellent service with Southwest. This was exceptional service and we highly recommend."
"Portland to Los Angeles wit Southwest. Great Airline. They sell fares based upon one way. It is great if you want to fly into one city and out of another city. No bag fee's or change fee's. The only draw back is open seating based upon the 24 hour check in when you are signed group A. B, or C. That is ok because the aircraft they use are 737's and the connections give me a chance to stretch my leg's. They also offer a beverage and snack service."
"Verified Review | Flew Southwest from Phoenix to Orange County on a Saturday evening. I checked-in using self-serve kiosk at the airport. Kiosk gave me a temporary pass that I needed to collect my real boarding pass at the gate. Security lines were very short in Phoenix that evening. Agent at the gate was very courteous and professional despite having just dealt with an unhappy customer before me. Inside the cabin, I was surprised by how energetic and jovial the flight attendants were despite the flight being on a Saturday evening."
"I flew Southwest Airlines with my band on our spring break trip. The cabin staff was amazing and very accommodating. We took off on-time with no problems or delays. The airport staff was amazing, I accidentally left my bag in the gate area and the gate agent walks onto the plane with my duffel bag. Inflight service with Free snacks and drinks. The new plane was beautiful with the mood lighting. Will definitely fly in the future!"
"Reno to Las Vegas return with Southwest Airlines. Third trip this year on this route and it is a very consistent one. Usually on time or a few minutes delay but nothing to worry about. Service is good, ground staff were excellent as we were running late and checked in about 30 minutes before take off. Reno airport is a breeze to go through so never any lines at TSA. Our bags made it on to the flight even though we got the dreaded Late Check-In tag. Quick flight to Vegas, friendly FA's, pilot communicated with us, typical beverage and peanut service, bags quick to pick up in Vegas and then the same coming back to Reno. Southwest works great for me."
"Orlando to Las Vegas with Southwest. All the services were ok but I was traveling with my wife who is almost deaf, or hearing impaired, and I always travel with her and I sit close to her to assist her with anything. The way Southwest do seating we did not find seat together and we were far awy from each other, and it was only after I claimed loudly the inconvenience that a kind passenger moved from their seat and allowed us to seat together. But the flight crew never have the courtesy to make that kind of acomodation. I felt helpless and uncomfortable with that."
"I fly from San Diego to San Antonio around 5 times per year, round trip. I always fly with Southwest. Their prices can't be beat for the quality you get. I personally like the seating setup, where you choose your seat based on a \"first come, first served\" basis regarding check in time. If you are traveling with young children, they do allow you to do family boarding after the small first round of people, so you can almost always find seats together. Seat room is a bit better than average, but nothing to write home about. Two free checked bags plus a carryon and personal item is unreal. Where Southwest really shines, however, is their customer service. They're funny, helpful, and always seem to be smiling. The flight attendants are especially good with kids. Overall, if you're used to high class flying, this may not be the airline for you as it lacks the preselected seating option and has only one class. But if you just want to be comfortable and have a good experience, I wouldn't choose anything but Southwest."
"Oakland to Houston via Orange County with Southwest. Don't care for the open seating but it seems to work pretty efficiently even when the computers go down. Crew were friendly but the most impressive part of the flight was the very smooth landing, both times! Not my first time flying Southwest, wish I could always fly with them. Their seats seem wider than the other airlines."
"Boston to Chicago, and the Flight attendants were superb. It was my 75th birthday (even though I said 39 again!) they invited me to come to front and the choir from a Chicago area high school sang Happy Birthday to me. Apparently turning 75 made me clumsy because I spilt ginger ale all over myself and attendant responded immediately with paper towels. They were very helpful and considerate, and throughout trip cheerful to all. I was on Flight #4293 that left Boston at 8:40 am. Would appreciate my message being passed on to those flight attendants."
"Verified Review | IND-RSW March 19th and RSW-IND March 25th, Southwest Airlines is the best domestic airline. Prices are comparable to the ULCC's, however you get the service of the legacy airlines. Not to mention how they don't use the Hub and Spoke system where you have to make an annoying stop to go anywhere. I also find their IFE convenient, I loved being able to watch NCAA tournament games during my flight. Southwest Airlines did not disappoint this vacation and I will continue to use them, and get my two free checked bags while I'm at it."
"RNO-LAS roundtrip. Both flights were spot on time. First flight on rather colorful Southwest livery plane (Maryland). The flight was a bit bumpy so the pilot asked that beverage service be halted but the last 15 minutes of the flight was fine so the crew served the whole plane and collected trash in a short matter of time. Also the little girl sitting next to me was celebrating her 6th B-Day and she received special treatment which was nice to see. The flight home was actually ahead of schedule and about 75% full. Said my hello to the lady sitting next to me and before I knew it we were up in the air. Smooth flight home. Flight crew were friendly and didn't even charge for cocktails. Nice! All in all Southwest is consistent in time and service on this route which I take several times a year so I am happy to use their services."
"The crew we had for Southwest Airlines flight 2639 from Minneapolis to El Paso, was amazing. Most friendly crew I have ever seen. It was my 7 year old sons first time flying and they spoiled him. Flying Southwest from now on. They even let him take a picture with the pilot!!"
"Flew a day trip with Southwest Airlines from St. Louis - Omaha and return. This review covers both flights. Flights were on time (within 5 minutes). Plane was clean, crews were friendly. STL-OMA segment was about 75% full and had the standard Southwest beverage and snack service. Return flight was 100% full and due to the brevity of the flight we were served water only plus peanuts. Quite acceptable for a flight just under an hour."
"My daughter was flying from Rochester to Orlando for a cheer competition in Disney with her team and coach. When she arrived in Orlando she realized she had lost her wallet. I want to compliment the honesty, integrity, and helpfulness of the Southwest employees involved in getting the wallet returned in tact including the cash and gift cards that were inside. Her wallet ended up in Birmingham, Alabama where I was assisted by two extremely helpful staff. They were as extremely helpful in instructing me how to get the wallet mailed back and gave me the good news that the cash and gift cards were still inside. I don't know if a passenger found it and turned it in or if it was one of the crew that found it on the airplane. All I know is I am impressed how this scary experience for my daughter turned out so well because of the quick and honest actions of the Southwest employees. We fly Southwest frequently and will continue to because of the great customer service, affordable fares, and now, the amazing experience of a lost and found item! Thank you Southwest!"
"Writing to say that Southwest Airlines took exceptional care of us! My husband had a slipped disc in his neck and felt terrible, an agent in the airport noticed, got us a wheel chair and helped us to the check in. They were so kind there and had a wheel hair waiting when we arrived. The steward on our flight # 2890 was so helpful and brought him an ice pack 3 times. Thanks!"
"I thought Southwest Airlines staff and seating were great. You can change you flight (day/time) with no additional fees unless the cost of that day is more, they also give you first come first served seating, and they give you one free drink and snacks on the plane. The downfall is that all their flights have layovers so a trip that would normally be a couple hours ends up being 4-5hrs. You also get 2 free checked bags and free wifi!"
"Chicago Midway to Tampa. This was my first time flying with my 4 year old son, and it turned out to be a great experience. We missed our flight but Southwest gave us a new flight at no charge that was 2 hours later. When it was time to be seated the customer service was very pleasant. I asked a lot of question because it was my first time flying, also my son's. The staff passed out a free drink and peanuts to all passengers. Being able to bring 2 free bags each passenger plus a free carryon was a win-win situation. I was very pleased to have such a pleasant experience. Everything was better than expected."
"We were happy to have a direct Southwest Airlines flight from Buffalo to Las Vegas. The customer service was pleasant. Another reason we would choose Sothwest again is because of the leg room. Compared to our last flight on another airline where we were totally cramped, especially with the person in front of me reclining, I was able to stretch my legs comfortably. I have a broken hip and arthritic knees but was able to sit through the whole flight. I liked the free TV and WIFI also after I was able to connect. Both flights arrived on time. The only negative is the open seating although I was able to sit next to my husband both ways. I would choose Southwest again."
"Outbound: Sunday, January 24, 2016: Phoenix (PHX) to Ontario (ONT) - Flight 1975 with Southwest Airlines. Inbound: Thursday, January 28, 2016: Ontario (ONT) to Phoenix (PHX) - Flight 182. What a pleasant flying experience this was for us. Check-in agents in both PHX and ONT who seemed genuinely happy to greet us. Flight Attendants on both segments of this trip who appeared to be enjoying their work. A Captain and First Officer who made frequent and informative announcements. No delays at either end. No charge for first two bags. No waiting in line while passengers ahead of you struggled to get roll aboard into overhead bins and lots of room in these bins for hand luggage. Definitely a great airline and wonderful customer service all round. We will continue to travel with Southwest wherever possible."
"Seattle to John Wayne Orange County. I was very skeptical of the seating strategy Southwest Airlines uses but it was actually quite fast and I was able to find a good seat both directions of my trip. The crew was very nice and responsive. I checked my bag for free, there was a snack, I prefer having a screen but the wifi based TV was pretty good."
"Perfect flight on the way from Buffalo to Fort Lauderdale with Southwest Airlines. 5 hour mechanical delay on the way to Buffalo. not a lot of fun but staff did a good job in controlling situation, due to the fact the airplane did not leave until 1am and everything was closed at the airport, they put out snacks and drinks for everyone who needed something and decided to give out future travel vouchers to make up for the delay. Even though I would have preferred not having a delay, it was a nice touch on their behalf. Overall very happy with their service. Keep up the good work."
"On Southwest, you get what you pay for. This time, however, I got better than I expected. The itinerary had a departure from San Juan at 5:40 am with a stop in Orlando and a transfer in Denver. The flight ultimately let us off at San Francisco at 1:00 pm, making the entire trip 13 hours. Fortunately, Southwest featured free DirecTV on an electronic device and movie rentals for $5.00 each, covering entertainment for the first two flights. The DEN-SFO leg was an older plane, so there was no entertainment option. There were no full meals, but the flight attendants had a stash of snacks and refreshments for all three flights. Seat comfort was questionable and there was only one bathroom, but that's the expectation for the airline that sells tickets $400 cheaper than any other. Ultimately, I was quite impressed by the flexibility and price of the flight, and I recommend Southwest to an budget traveler."
"Dallas to San Diego. I am a college student and love that I can take 2 bags underneath for no charge. Sometimes, I fly the really early or late flights, and it is nice to know that I can still get a small snack without charge. This Christmas my dad got suddenly sick and was hospitalized. I was pleasantly surprised to see that I would not be penalized for changing my flight date so I could be with my family. I was surprised that all I had to do was pay the remaider if the flight I changed to was more expensive or I would receive a credit if it was cheaper. Thank you Southwest for taking some of the stress off during this time."
"Ontario to Sacramento. This is more of a review on the so called rapid \"reward\" program of Southwest. I fly routinely from Southern California to Sacramento and had built up points to qualify for the \"A\" list of the reward system. I knew I was going to be a little short on the required points but I also had a flight scheduled for the 30th December. I ended up purchasing the tier qualifying points and knew I had the points coming from the flight that was scheduled on the 30th which would have put me way over the needed points. So when I inquired about the status I was told that the flight on the 30th December did not count for 2015 but rather for 2016. When I asked for an explanation I was told something that did not make sense and questioned the person about this that all of a sudden the explanation changed, I then asked for a refund of the tier points that I had purchased as was told \"Sorry but you should have known those were non-refundable? When I asked to speak to a supervisor, I was told this person who refused to give me his name was the Executive Director of customer relations. He then stated, \"Sorry but there is nothing that he can do\". He didn't even try to make it right but rather tried to come up with different excuses. Also he knew very little about the policies as I was placed on hold several times while he consulted with another co-worker. This is what happens when a company loses sight of what made them what they are - and that is the Customer."
"I get terribly motion sick so I have chosen to drive for years. This trip from Charlotte to New Orleans via Houston driving was not an option. I was anxious that I would be sick and miserable the whole flight. Thankfully I was not and the Southwest Airlines crew were friendly and funny. On both legs of the flight we were delayed a bit due to bad weather but the connecting flight waited for the 40 or so passengers to arrive. Unfortunately due to the flight delay our baggage wasn't transferred in time so once we arrived in New Orleans we had to go to the desk and submit a baggage ticket. The women at the desk were patient even though I was about to lose my mind! They located our luggage on the next flight and promptly brought it our hotel and they gave us an airport meal voucher and 2 drink vouchers even though we decided not to wait. The trip back home was just a pleasant and our luggage arrived with us. I will be flying again in 2 weeks and again over the summer on Southwest. I like the reasonable fares and the free baggage but the excellent customer service shown by Southwest will keep me a loyal customer. Customer service is free but it makes all the difference."
"My trip from Phoenix to Chicago this summer aboard Southwest was a 9/10 overall. As soon as we arrived at the airport, we used the check-in next to the parking garage. It was efficient and saved lots of time. At our gate, boarding was in groups. We were in B. We boarded with no trouble. Our plane was a 737-800, with the split scimitar winglets. I loved the plane, and it offered a smooth as can be ride. Beverage service was provided with small cups, but enough to quench my thirst. As usual, Southwest provided peanuts and pretzels. The last time I flew (2013) I was provided 2 bags of pretzels, but this flight I was given crackers and peanuts. The legroom on board was pretty acceptable, normal for a Southwest flight. The landing was the worst part, though. We had to go around to make way for a smaller plane, and as soon as we landed, it was the bumpiest I had experienced. Not that all airplane landings are smooth, but this one wasn't. The de-boarding process was quick. Due to the small traffic and flow of flights, Southwest's baggage claim was also a quick and easy experience."
"Flew Southwest Airlines from El Paso to Los Angeles. Not the cheapest choice at all, but quite convenient for travellers departing from an area with poor air connectivity like El Paso. Rapid, efficient check-in, timely departures, fairly organised boarding, funny crew (this should have a limit, though). Wifi is not free but at least you can track your flight using their basic free signal and browse their website. Baggage delivery took a while at LAX, but came really fast in El Paso."
"Wonderful airline! I booked our trip with Southwest Airtlines, and it was quick and easy! I booked our hotel with Southwest also. The boarding process was efficient, and the flight attendents were wonderful. The complimentary beverages and snacks were appreciated, and One Free Bag was great. I have nothing but compliments about Southwest!"
"Very happy with Southwest Airlines flight from Salt Lake City to LAX. My daughter had a delayed flight, and her next flight was going international. Without hesitation the agent at the airport got her on the next flight out so that she would not miss her international flight."
"We had a wonderful flight from Phoenix to Milwaukee. Left on time and arrived 10 minutes early. For us, Southwest is always on time. The flight attendants were very entertaining and worked with precision. This was a nonstop to MKE. Here is the negative, my wife and I paid the $12.50 each for Early Check-in and got positions A-36/37. It didn't mean much. Unfortunately, when they pre-boarded the plane, 33 people got on. About 10 to 12 wheelchairs and their entourage including a puny \"service\" dog. Even the gate agent rolled her eyes at the numbers. So, to sit together on the aisle, we were back in row 19. I can understand wheelchairs pre-boarding. Perhaps people in the entourage who pre-board should have to pay $12.50 each as well."
"Husband and I flew Southwest Airlines for our 25 Wedding Anniversary Trip from Atlanta, Georgia to Los Angeles, California round-trip November 13, 2015 with return November 22, 2015. Both legs of the trip were wonderful. We did upgrade to the Early Bird Check-in and that was only $12.50 more each way per person. We got an A boarding position and had our pick of seats upon entering the aircraft. Both planes were on time and actually got us to our destinations earlier than scheduled. Flight attendance were nice and efficient and pilot was well spoken and friendly when he spoke to the plane about weather, arrival times and such. Seats were very tight, but that was to be expected. Both my husband and I took aisle seats and that makes for easier exiting to bathrooms and such. When we found that the cabin was a little too warm they fixed it right away making the temperature much more agreeable. Snacks were good and coffee was very good! No charge for those on Southwest. Being able to check two bags for no-charge was also nice. I will fly Southwest again and would recommend it to friends and family. Not the big open spaces that you get on some of the more expensive carriers, but a nice, low-key flight that gets you to where you want to go without cleaning out your wallet."
"Was headed back home from the holidays. Southwest Airlines flight attendants on flight 1857 from Baltimore to Nassau on December 1st were awesome. I don't like flying but one particular lady stood out and made the entire flight unforgettable. Their service was great and a wonderful team. It was my first flight with this airline it sure won't be the last. Excellent service."
"Southwest Airlines flight 2932, from Denver to Chicago Midway. Although a totally full end of Thanksgiving weekend (Sunday PM} flight, all went very smoothly. Professional and courteous airport and cabin staff handle all with aplomb. Southwest Airlines is efficient, and at a good price point. I'm new to Southwest, and now I am a big fan!"
"Flew MDW - DEN #6151 on Thanksgiving morning, an A seat near rear, flight almost totally full (except for B seat adjacent me!). Despite the crowd and a 1 hour weather delay, all went smoothly; many toddlers, several folks in wheelchairs, and even a pet dog, all handled with dispatch. Pleasant and professional cabin staff. My first time with Southwest Airlines and I aim to use them again! My main \"criteria\" with most everything is \"I shouldn't have to 'notice' anything\", meaning all should work as planned, no drama, no hassle. WN met and exceeded my \"criteria scale rating\" in this regard, so my highest recommendation."
"After booking an 8am flight from LaGuardia to Denver for the day before Thanksgiving, I woke up 4 hours after my alarm at 9am. I thought my Thanksgiving travel plans were destroyed but I hopped in a cab and Southwest put me on the next flight at 10.30 through Atlanta without any trouble or extra fees. In Atlanta, Southwest is on their game. The flight is on time, the gate is lively with a charismatic host cracking jokes, and they're giving out free cookies."
"Flying out of Las Vegas is often a depressing experience. The airport can be full gamblers who lost, or people sad to see their vacations end. The security line and line for the ticket counters can be infinite. On my flight, there was a gate change about 20 minutes before our flight was to board. This wasn't announced until shortly after we were supposed to board. There was some additional delay in boarding and our flight left about 30 minutes late. On Southwest, there are no assigned seats. I elected for $12 for the advanced check in option, and was assigned slot B5 (which is equivalent to the 65th person to board the aircraft). I had no problem finding a seat I liked, window seat near the front of the plane. There was wifi with about 20 live TV channels available on your own device. One thing I like about Southwest is they do not take themselves that seriously. Humor and a laid back attitude is common among ground staff and flight crew. The crew on my flight were attentive and friendly. Southwest also does not charge a bag or change fee. I booked the lowest fare and my fare went down a few times. I was simply able to change my flight to the current fare and a credit is now in my account to use towards future flights. I do not get my money back per say, but I do not lose it either. Try that with any other airline these days. And they still serve snacks."
"Reno to Las Vegas return. This route with Southwest Airlines is always easy and reasonably on time. 10 minute late departure which was well posted and the time was made up in the air. Ground staff pleasant and helpful. Cabin crew friendly and flight only 75% full so nice to have some extra room. Was raining and snowing on departure and once up in the air we were above the clouds and in the sun. Very little turbulence. Coming home was a full flight, but on time. Everyone was in a good mood. Beautiful night time takeoff over the lights of Vegas and before you knew it we were descending into Reno. Well done Southwest. Keep it up."
"New Orleans to Denver. Great value and I love not having to pay extra just to select a seat or to bring a carry-on bag. The Southwest Airlines attendants are friendly. Everything from check-in to boarding to baggage pick up is easy."
"I am a customer of size and have flown SW twice in 4 months to Denver. Both times my flight has been pleasant, and attendants sensitive to my needs. I will continue to fly SW, especially since their fares are more than reasonable"
"I misplaced my passport on a Southwest Airlines flight from Las Vegas last week. I had not even realized it was missing until I received a call from a supervisor. She put me in touch with another staff member who made sure they sent overnight by courier to my Hotel. This allowed me to go home to Canada. Thank you Southwest."
"My grandchildren flew to NY to see us (ages 8 and 12). Experienced flyers, but still children. On flight out, the steward on their flight went out of their way to walk the two to their next gate (Baltimore) even though they did not need to. Great customer service! But to top that, when getting ready to return home, the little one was sick the morning of the flight. We were not sure if he would be able to fly. So we called (knowing that we would be charged to change their flight, and probably a lot) to change departure date and time. When explaining why I was calling, I was told I could change the flight and pay the difference. I decided to give the little one some time and the decide. Needless to say, time made no difference. I called back and talked to a Supervisor who answered the call. She quickly told me due to a child's sickness, we could change at no cost. We checked flights and changed to two days later. Thanks Southwest - another example of great customer service. We travel a lot and will always use Southwest when possible."
"The flight itself was average but they did accomodate our group and we all sat in the back together. I'm currently on my way back to San diego and so far, not a great experience with the check in people telling my group 5 different things and thoroughly confusing everyone. Then boarding, we were all separated and no attendees to assist in any way. First flight: great attendees, bad luggage handling. Second flight: bad check in, attendees. Overall, I will avoid Southwest when possible."
"We were very frequent Southwest Airlines business flyers of what was the best airline in the sky. Never leaving late, fun attentive service and never leaving late (did I mention that). Our last 5 flights over the last 3 months had 1 on time and the others between 1 and 3 hours late. This has been getting worse for the last 2 years and now so prevalent we will be shopping other airlines. No more fun, funny staff. They're not bad, just like the rest of the airlines. But not knowing when the plane will get to the destination just doesn't cut it. Lateness and cancellations galore. On the plus side, they still have the best luggage and change policy but it's now being trumped by the deficits. Often their prices range from the best to the worst on scheduled routes. You can't just depend on value."
"Southwest Airlines are a really great low cost airline. Flew Las Vegas to Tampa non stop, great new plane, informative and friendly staff, bags fly free and complimentary snack and soft drinks while on board. Easyjet and Ryanair here in the UK could take another leaf out of their book."
"My family recently spent four weeks on vacation in the USA. We booked five domestic flights with Southwest (all direct to minimise loss of luggage and missed connections) and had no problems. From booking, to check-in, boarding, in-flight cabin service to collection of luggage we had friendly staff. The seating system took a little getting used to, but there has to be a concession to'cheap flights and this was it. So, Thank you Southwest for making our holiday run smoothly."
"Ft Lauderdale to Los Angeles via Atlanta with Southwest Airlines. Cross-country flights are always hard. But, I'd like to extend my appreciation to the Southwest flight crew who, with their freewheeling, fun sense of professionalism, managed to dissipate the stress I was feeling caused by the TSA. The flights are almost always full, and the seats are much smaller than at Delta, but the people at Southwest are really great. I'll certainly book again with Southwest."
"I commend Southwest Airlines on the exceptional customer service I experienced today. Southwest Airlines actually contacted me by phone regarding an upcoming trip in January from San Juan to Canton /Akron. The flight was moved from the early afternoon to 6:45 am. That would present little issue except that we are arriving in to San Juan on a cruise ship at 8:00 am. and could not make the flight. The representative checked and there were no flights out to CAK the next two days and asked if we could switch airports. We advised that we lived near the CLE airport and they were more than happy to switch for us as long as we were willing to leave from one airport and arrive back at the other. A day later, after discussions with our traveling companions, we decided that it would make more logistical sense to leave from the same airport. I called Customer Service and they could not have made it easier for me and were more than willing to accommodate our request. Once again, this kind of service is the reason we keep coming back to Southwest Airlines."
"We had a great flying experience with Southwest Airlines. Professional, courteous and friendly service of crew. 2 free checked bags and the 2 Free carry ons. This last trip from Nashville to our connecting flight in Vegas to Salt Lake was exceptional. Staff provided caring and friendly service, went out of their way to make sure all passengers were well taken care!"
"I missed my Southwest Airlines flight from JAX to CLE because I left my wallet at home. They put me on the next flight in the morning at no extra charge. The flight attendants were very professional and courteous, and some very funny. The drinks are reasonably priced also. When I got to Cleveland, I got all the way to the baggage return, picked up my bag, waited outside for 10 minutes for my ride, and then realized I didn't have my wallet. I of course go racing back inside and find the first Southwest Airlines employee I can, because I am well beyond TSA checkpoints and can't get back to the gate. They immediately ask on the radio if they have a wallet and the radio comes over saying yes they have it asking what my last name is. They saved my entire trip."
"I've flown Southwest Airlines for the past 10 years. I just returned from San Antonio, TX. An excellent flight going and coming, Both pilots were great. Flight# 3147 from San Antonio and flight attendants were top shelf employees, the best in this business - helpful, attentive and knowledgeable. Not too busy to look customers in the eye or shake hands with people. We really had a great trip and the whole process was enhanced because of these people."
"I see a lot of negative reviews and honestly in the 19 years I have flown with this airline I have had nothing but good things happen to me. I had to make an international flight in Seattle and I had no trouble at all. The reason why they have open seating is to speed up the boarding process. And yes they do pack a lot of people into planes because they do such a good job! The attendants are really wonderful about 95% of the time. I have had some okay attendants but we all have our bad days."
"I wanted to say Thank you and give super kudos to an employee who worked at the Southwest ticket counter in Atlanta. I never write a review but this was a experience I had to share regarding flight #860 leaving ATL going to SFO. My boyfriend and I fly Southwest all the time, he is usually on a companion pass and I'm usually a reserved ticket. Very few times we've run into overbooked flights and missed connections. I noticed when ever we do hit these bumps in our travel the person at the ticket counter treats his situation totally different from mine. Makes one think - does the type of ticket a traveler has warrant the type of service he/she receives during these traveling hiccups? Any issues I have with my reserved ticket are handled promptly and with a pleasant demeanor. This particular time I was not traveling with my boyfriend and there was a hiccup with the flight. I purposely stayed on the phone while he went from Southwest Airlines employee to employee and every person was rude, and flat out didn't give the type customer service you would expect from one of the most respected airlines. Being at the Atlanta airport from 8:00 am till 4:00 pm and having no luck getting back to San Francisco, I'm sure he was ready to give up. Good thing we held on a little while longer. The ticket agent seemed to not care what type of ticket he had. Her main concern was making sure the customer ended up where he needed to be. Thank you 1,000 times over. I wish I could have been there to speak with someone on the spot. I only wish that the employees at the ticket counter treated all customers the same and handled their flight hiccups with the utmost professionalism no matter how stressed out they may be and no matter if it's a buddy pass, companion pass or reserved ticket. Thank you again."
"This is the first time that I've flown WN, so I didn't really know what to expect. Check in at BOS was efficient and the attendants were friendly. I opted to purchase the \"early bird check in\" and was slotted at A53. The aircraft was nice and clean. The FAs were friendly, and were helpful. The flight left on time, and actually landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule. I had no problem finding a seat that I liked. Based on this one experience, I would recommend and fly WN again."
"After having an awful full day of waiting for each flight from DEN to MSP and not getting on any of them (flying standby) we had one last chance to get on the last flight out for the evening. A wonderful woman at the desk helped get us on and even got us priority boarding for my husband and I because I am 6.5 months pregnant and had been at the airport for 12 hours trying to get home with no luck."
"Departed on time. Aircraft clean. Cabin crew friendly. In my opinion, Southwest always delivers a consistent experience."
"Traveled with spouse, daughter-in-law, and 18 month old grandchild. Purchased tickets for the adults in February, paying extra for early boarding. Daughter-in-law decided she wanted to purchase a ticket for her child and have her sit in an airline approved car seat on plane, instead of on her lap. Agent told her not to bother paying the early boarding fee when she purchased her child's ticket as the child would be boarding with her mother. My daughter-in-law traveled this way with her child several times on Southwest without a problem. However, at Fort Lauderdale, when she attempted to board the aircraft with her child, the agent told her that even though her ticket listed her boarding group as A23, her baby's ticket said boarding group C and she would have to wait for that group to be called! During the heated discussion that followed, several passengers behind us boarded the aircraft. Finally she was permitted on the aircraft. My husband went to sit in the seat across the aisle from us and was told that seat was taken. Another passenger claimed he was saving several seats (I believe it was 6) for his family. The flight attendant was standing just one row away and was aware of this behavior. My husband ended up sitting behind us. A woman who sat in the window seat near him plopped her bags on the seat and said to leave them there as she did not want to have anyone sit in the middle seat. It appears to me that Southwest needs to revise its seating procedure! If you have paid an extra fee for priority boarding you are entitled to board according to the status printed on your ticket. If your family members( who are not young children) have not paid for priority boarding, you should not be able to block passengers from claiming a seat for which they have paid an extra priority boarding fee. If you are unhappy if someone wants to claim a middle seat, too bad! You should be forced to sit there instead. The same goes for all the baggage folks drag on the plane. Half of the passengers look like they are fleeing a war ravaged land carrying on huge bags or multiple bags. If the airline would support their seating and baggage policies all passengers would be much less aggravated."
"PVD-BWI-DTW-BWI-PVD Outbound legs to Detroit uneventful and handled with Southwest efficiency. Return legs were problematic as there was a line of severe thunderstorms over Baltimore causing severe scheduling problems for one of the major hubs for Southwest. Southwest came through and got us back to Providence, albeit two hours late. The terminal monitors in Detroit kept us well informed of delays and the Southwest app (although a bit slow in updating) did also. For the people who complain about the boarding methodology of Southwest, it is a bit strange for the uninitiated, but it works and has worked successfully for many years. If you insist on assigned seating, dont fly Southwest - simple as that. It is an airline that admittedly has its foibles, but even with that it is still an excellent product! ."
"My father was flying home to Syracuse NY afer a stay in a nursing home/rehabilitation center. His travel needs were significant as he was unable to walk and confined to a wheelchair. He was traveling with my 77 year old mother and my sister. Southwest Airlines was beyond accomodating and helpful with all of their needs. We were all very worried about managing this trip, and every employee, whether on the phone or at the airport were reassuring and kind to us!"
"The trip from the Love Field Airport to Denver was decent. Flight attendants were nice and friendly on an early morning. Denver back to Dallas was hilarious, because the flight attendants were funny and made the flight enjoyable. However, I came back with my luggage and garment bag torn up. Not a bad airline to fly, but awfully handled my belongings."
"My friend and I flew Southwest from DAY-TPA on June 6 with a return flight June 10. The outbound aircraft was one of the old Air Tran 737s, a little frayed around the edges, but perfectly servicable. The return flight was on a newer 737-700, everything was new and bright. Both aircraft were clean, and staff was friendly, professional, and courteous. My only complaint was that the seats seemed a bit narrow and I am not a big guy. The outbound flight was on time, while the return flight was delayed three hours by a thunderstorm over the airport. This was my first time flying Southwest and I will definitely be flying them again."
"I guess some people on this board either don't travel much or don't do their homework. I have traveled quite a bit over the last many years I don't do much anymore but when I do I at least check things out. Many seem to be surprised at SW boarding procedures can't say I love it but at least I understand it. I paid the twelve dollars for a seating upgrade got A-37 out and A-43 back. Got on with plenty of seats and overhead space. If you don't like the charge go on another airline and pay $30+ to check your bag. The trip was fine but airline travel anymore is like bus travel used to be don't expect too much and you won't be disappointed or pay 5 times as much and go first class on another airline. I'm no spring chicken 70 years old and the seats are not great but again it's a bus not an airliner. I did fine would fly SW again if they had the best price and routing I always check around. All I can say is they got me there on time and that's what I paid for."
"Travelled ATL to MSY and back. Not able to check in early so ended up in the mid-B range both ways. Full planes but boarding went very smoothly except for the obese lady who needed two seats! We managed to get two seats together on the way back but were separate on the way out but its only a short flight. Seat reasonably comfortable with enough knee room. Soft drink and pretzels provided. Very good price. SWA use the Concourse C at ATL so by the time we had made our way to Baggage Reclaim it was starting to come off. Would use SWA again."
"I flew SWA from Tampa to Baltimore in April. It went well except for the boarding. We were delayed leaving because at the end of boarding one passenger didn't get a seat. That was because their system is not assigned seating it's open seating so nobody has a particular seat and nobody can prove which seat they are entitled to. From the announcements that followed it appeared that the problem was the lap babies-ones that were given free or low fares because they were supposed to be kept on their mother's lap (is that safe?). There were a lot of children on this flight. Apparently one of the mothers decided to give her child a seat instead taking up a paying passenger's seat. Without any way to prove which mother was the culprit the poor lady without a seat was given something they called an emergency seat. It didn't sound like it was very comfortable. If you fly SW do get priority boarding or you could end up in a seat like that."
"22/03/15 - 29/03/15 a total of 7 flights over that time starting at BWI Baltimore and ending up at John Wayne CA via MDW SLC DEN and OAK. All left on time and arrived on time or early. Cannot fault them in any way given all flights were getaway tickets the price was right as well. From booking each flight to checking in and arrival they run rings around most other airlines in the USA and the EEC. Those who moan about free seating pay the extra few bucks and get an A boarding place you can afford that as your checked bags go free other wise stop moaning."
"SWA 737-700 IND-RSW March 21st. We booked Southwest airlines Wanna Get Away for a very cheap price so we could sit together we paid for early bird check in and we were in Group B. I have to say I will now be flying Southwest almost exclusively because of the free IFE (although you need a device yourself) and the service is great. The 737 is also one of the more comfortable planes in the sky and I would much rather fly on it than a small RJ on Delta or having to connect in Charlotte. Overall I'm very happy with this airline and I look forward to my next flight with them."
"I have been traveling business select with Southwest twice a month for the past 3 years. I pay the extra money so I can board first to get my preferred window seat up close to the front on the Port side of the plane in order to quickly un-board either for another connection flight or to get on the road. My question is how can you rightfully sell a business select ticket when knowingly that there will be 40 people left on that plane during a connection which all 40 people will most always move forward after the un-boarding taking up most of the preferred seating area. Another question: I flew in on flight 2230 from New Orleans to San Antonio there was supposed to be no plane change in Dallas. Once we arrived in Dallas and everyone un-loaded except for the ones of us that were continuing on to S.A. Then we were told to get off and go to the next gate that there was another flight going to S.A. After several of us asked what was going on because of the plane change and the much later departure time of this flight (we never received an answer) then an hour later they announce that they are now waiting on another flight with 90 more people. This plane change and departure delay then became obvious there were no weather or mechanical issues they were combining 3 San Antonio flights into one to probably save fuel and personnel cost at the expense of their customer."
"LAS-LAX-LAS. Bizarre boarding process but once you get your head round it boarding is very quick. Extremely friendly crew on both flights. Complementary drink and baggage policy is excellent! Very easy to amend flights and with no charge! You don't get that with the low cost airlines in the UK!"
"On our trip to USA used Southwest Airlines from LA to Sa nFrancisco - Atlanta - Orlando - Las Vegas and then back to LA (5 flights) excellent service. We were recommended to ask for pre-board due to 2 young children with a disability seating was not a problem. Staff were extremely nice to us. Recommend Southwest to our friends."
"While traveling from Mexico to SAT my wife and I decided to give Southwest our first try we travel about 3 to 4 times out of DSM and we had never used your services. The flight was delayed about an hour because of some issues with landing at the prior airport once we boarded the plane the captain apologized for the inconvenience I wasn't aware of the seating process either but yet happy to be able to seat anywhere in the airplane the 3 flight attendants were extremely attentive with my two children they offered a lid for my sons cup so he wouldn't spill his juice all over his homework. They made us feel like they cared about us and they seem happy to be there. When one of the flight attendants realized we were a military family she offered to pay for our drinks. something not one other airline had ever done. Overall it was a very pleasant flight."
"Took a flight from Southwest last week to Las Vegas. Upon trying to return home from Las Vegas my flight was canceled because of equipment problems. There were no other connecting flights that day for my itinerary. As a result Southwest offered several alternatives. We stayed an additional night in Vegas as a result. This was paid for by Southwest. All transportation was supplied by Southwest to and from the hotel. This was first class service! My only peeve and it is a small one was that I had an \"A\" first on pass originally and my replaced flight the next day was a \"B\" category. The flight crew on all flights was excellent."
"Traveled Buffalo - Tampa at end of January. First time flyer with SW. Purchased early bird check-in in a bid to protect a better boarding position (and overhead bin space). Was assigned mid-A group so did get the seat location and bin space I was after. The entire boarding process is just a bit too odd for my liking with numbered posts and suspicious-looking 'post squatters.' I didn't need a calculator to know there were some queue jumpers at least within the 'A' group. Seating is just ok I thought the pitch was a bit tighter than the 32\" advertised and while I got the seat location I wanted I ended up with a group 'C' middle-seat'r who felt entitled to both armrests and wasn't exactly on the lean side. The in-flight service was fine the aircraft new and bright the flight crew fairly amenable and the flight left and arrived on time. Just can't get past the boarding system though. It just seems too cattle-roundup oriented."
"RNO-LAS LAS-RNO. As always on this route SW delivers. Ground staff in Reno were great and flexible. On time departure flight crew attentive and the pilot even pointed out sights of interest on the way down. Luggage arrived promptly in Vegas. Return flight just the same. Will continue my loyalty to this airline."
"Flew WN twice this week: BDL-BWI-RSW and RSW-ATL-BDL. Both flights were on time. Attentive and congenial ticket counter gate and inflight personnel who really seemed to enjoy their job and their customers. The crew on the BWI-RSW leg actually sang portions of the pre-departure announcements. Having been subjected to callous treatment and the \"we don't care we don't have to\" attitude of personnel on some of the other airlines Southwest is a refreshing change of pace. They won me over."
"I recently took a trip from Albany to Orlando and thoroughly enjoyed it. Although the boarding process is a little strange as long as you check in on time there is a very good chance that you will find good seats even if you are traveling with family members. I got B27 because I checked in a little late but I was still able to get a window seat over the wing like I wanted. And since I only brought a suitcase and a small duffel bag I didn't have to check any luggage which is free for two bags anyway. I am 5' 3\" and small but I imagine that someone much taller and larger would still be as comfortable as I was in the seats. The planes were very clean and the staff were very welcoming and enthusiastic especially on the way down to Orlando. The flight attendants are quite funny during the safety briefing and manage to make you feel as if you are listening to a human being instead of a monotonous robot. They were also sympathetic when our flight back to Albany from Baltimore was delayed about an hour and our gate was switched twice and the captain addressed us personally to apologize. As all three of my flights were less than 3 hours each I didn't order anything but the complimentary snacks were a nice touch. Although each plane I flew on was wifi-equipped I did not purchase it but I did use the free flight tracker. Overall Southwest offered outstanding service and comfort at a lower price than most other airlines that I have flown on. Southwest has given me an experience that I would gladly repeat many times."
"Recently my wife and I had a round-trip to Jamaica. Our flight 1042 from Chicago on Dec 26 was delayed 1.5 hrs because one of the lavatories was found non-operational. However the crew learned about it after all passengers had boarded the plane. Boarding started on time on the way back from Montego Bay however after a third of all passengers had boarded the crew found out that 3 seats were non-operational. The flight (Jan 2nd #1043) was oversold. It took a while to find 3 passengers who agreed to take another flight by delaying their return to Chicago. Could the problem with 3 seats identified before starting the boarding? I think Southwest has some opportunities for improving operations."
"SAN-LAS. Dec 31st. B737-700. Crowds and crowds. But everything went Ok with SW. Lines to drop off were quick. Boarding was quick. Flight was quick. Even luggage delivery in LAS was quick. The quicker the better. And 2 suitcases for free is fantastic. LAS-BUR. Jan 2nd. B737-700. Same thing. In both cases they said free wi-fi but try to charge. I did not understand."
"We flew round trip from Baltimore Washington International to Aruba on December 22 2014. We arrived at 6am for our 8.45 am flight and the lines were long for check in. Curbside check in was not any better. The International line was shorter so we were able to process through in a reasonable amount of time. It was a nice flight with no problems. For our return trip the hotel staff recommended that we get to the airport three hours early. The check in process was very well handled and we even went through the United States Customs before boarding the plane. This made it very easy when we arrived in Baltimore to grab our luggage and go. The return flight had the best flight crew I have ever flown with. The attitude and customer service skills made this flight very enjoyable. Our only complaint was there was no inflight movies available for a 4.5 hour flight."
"Flew SWA in the last week from BWI-RSW-BWI. First plane was older (737-300) had no WIFI. Seats in the older plane seemed larger/more comfortable than the newer one. Bathroom wasn't cleaned very well (if at all). Second plane was newer (737-700) and had WIFI but it was $8 for a 2 hour flight so I didn't buy it. Other than that they got us to each location on time."
"SFO-LAS flight delayed 20 minutes which is fine considering its a budget airline I didn't expect much on the service complimentary 2 pieces check-in baggage is very delightful spacious legroom friendly cabin crew free soft drinks served very enjoyable experience with SouthWest."
"Las Vegas to Baltimore then to Portland. Our scheduled flight from Baltimore to Portland was delayed (sick crew member). Southwest gave a $100 LUV voucher. They also don't charge to change or cancel flights. They need to make sure that carry on bags will fit in overhead compartments. Many did not and had to be checked which delayed the flight."
"First time in a while flying Southwest and as usual a pleasant straightforward experience. Easy-to-use website for reservations optional boarding pass for a few bucks extra fairly efficient boarding. My flight was from BWI to Las Vegas and I opted to pay $8 for WiFi. Southwest fulfilled their goal - moving me across the country in 5 hours or so - a great job without all of the hidden fees."
"I just recently flew to the east coast departing from the west coast. This was the first time I tried flying with Southwest and have absolutely no regrets. I experienced no delays. My flights were on time and 30 minutes early at one of my layovers. I found the staff very nice and it made my flight fun. I will stay with southwest from now on when I fly. Thanks Southwest for such an enjoyable trip across country!"
"My husband and I both fly frequently between Ohio and New York and Florida so this review is based on many flights. Southwest has become my preferred airline. As a senior checking my bags for free means I don't have to lift a bag overhead that is getting increasingly difficult. No change fee means I don't have to buy insurance. The staff are wonderful boarding is done in an efficient way and you can get a convenient and moderately priced flight without having to fly at 5.30am. Would only use another when I have to match a specific time frame that is not available."
"I love flying Southwest but the reason why I fly other airlines is do to the very slow baggage claim at Love Field. I took a flight from Cleveland to Love Field #4221 October 11 2014. It took one hour from the time our flight landed until the bags were delivered. One hour I could not believe it. They build that nice building but have no way of telling passages which of the four baggage carousels your bags will be delivered on so people scurry from one to another looking. Even after the bags arrive the Southwest team member usually is to busy to announce baggage drop until 4 or 5 bags have arrived. You spent a lot of money to rebuild that airport you would think that you could make the bags arrive in 20 or less minutes."
"DCA-MDW on Oct 1 with B737-700 flight delayed 30 minutes which is fine cabin is clean and really spacious legroom even it's budget airline. I was surprised that complimentary beverages and chips were served! Complimentary movies and TV shows provided when you connected inflight wifi with own devices. Staff very helpful and friendly. Will fly with Southwest again definitely!"
"Sep 14 on flight 648 from DEN to PHL and Sep 20 on flight 1329 from PHL to DEN. So impressed with Southwest! Just finished our fourth flight with our infant son and I'm just so thankful for the amazing crews we've dealt with each time. So understanding and accommodating. As first time parents we really appreciated the great service."
"I was hesitant to fly Southwest because I'd heard the \"cattle call\" remarks from others but honestly it was fine. I paid the $25 for my sister and I to do the early bird check-in which I will always do from now on. We boarded quickly and took off on time. I enjoyed sitting up front on the way to Phoenix (I'm claustrophobic so the extra room made for a more comfortable feeling overall). Coming back we were a few rows back and it was cramped for sure. That's to be expected on a smaller jet with smaller seats. For a domestic flight it's doable. What I was really impressed with was the overall attitude and presence of the crew. I have always flown Delta in the past and was surprised to see the pilots before the flight. The flight attendants were very nice. The flight back to Atlanta was interesting as there were weather issues but the pilot did a great job of navigating around and through the worst of it I believe as there was hardly any turbulence. I'll fly SW again for sure."
"My 94 year old mother-in-law and I flew Southwest from San Jose CA to Austin TX on July 29th 2014 and she flew back alone on August 16th 2014. We had outstanding service in every way before and on both flights. The folks who met us with her wheelchair were so accommodating polite and respectful. The ticket agents helped us in every way possible even when we thought we had some difficult issues. The attendants on the plane were very friendly and so kind. We and she alone on the way back could not have asked for better service. We will both definitely fly Southwest again."
"San Diego to Las Vegas 13th Aug. Las Vegas to San Francisco 15th Aug. Seeing as people seem to only write bad reviews about Southwest I decided to write a very positive review. I had 2 separate flights with Southwest in a week. Both flights were excellent. Most probably the friendliest staff and crew I have come across on any airline. The emergency demonstrations are witty and funny and do not sound like a robot that does not want to be there. They also offer free beverages and a small snack on board which is a nice gesture to get you through a short flight. There are a very efficient airline. We had no delays and baggage was returned quickly once off the aircraft. I would recommend Southwest to anyone flying within the US. They are truly cheap and cheerful."
"July-August 2014. Los Angeles-Midway Chigao-Louisville-Las Vegas-Los Angeles. Once again excellent airline. Cannot find anything to complain about. Staff and service fantastic. On time. Of course food and beverages you pay for but have no issue with that. 2 free checked luggage a bonus."
"Flight 2534 BWI to Providence on 17 Aug return BOS to BWI on 19 Aug on 3059 travelling to Cape Cod. I was a little apprehensive about flying Southwest having read the reviews but I must confess I was very impressed. Boarding was carried out promptly and according to the rules of seating on both flights. Both flights left on time the flight attendants were pleasant and engaging. On the return flight the pilot met passengers at the door and shook my hand and thanked us for flying Southwest! Drink orders were processed promptly and small snacks were handed out. The return flight had in flight wifi with TV and movies on demand. All in all it was value for money and when I am back in the US I would use them again without a doubt."
"My wife and I are from Australia but when we come to the States we try to fly Southwest whenever practical because they deserve the business due to their fair business practices and good service. We've always appreciated that they don't charge for luggage and that a person can change flights without any charge. We flew them a number of times last month and I can say only good things about them. We will continue to support them in the future when we come to the States and I wish they operated here in Australia."
"LAX-MKE-SEA. For me Southwest has always been a superb US domestic carrier and these trips were no different. A tip is to purchase for $10 the early check-in which gets you into the A group boarding. well worth the efforts not to have to fight for a seat."
"I recently traveled from Louisville to Orlando no problems the flight was very smooth no problems with the luggage and arrived in Orlando thirty minutes ahead of schedule. The flight home went very smooth also no problems at all overall I was very pleased and plan on using Southwest again."
"85 boy Scouts took flight 63 on 8/2/14. All staff were so pleasant and went around 3 times to make sure we were good with drinks. That was really impressive. They were so kind and even let us know our gates for connecting flights. Nice job! Everything was great."
"It is too bad the people that seem to post on the web are the ones that have had poor experiences. I fly almost weekly on Southwest for the last 6 years. It is with trepidation that I fly other airlines as you never know what you are going to get-especially Delta. The customer service is second to none and the seats are always roomy and predictable. Unless you need the extra leg room such as an exit row if you check in at the 24 hour mark or pay the low fee to board early you have a large selection of seats. Rarely are they late. The staff are empowered to solve customer issues and do so readily. Airline tickets are easy to change and credit refund with no fees. Plus there is no baggage fee for the first 2 bags and their pricing is competitive. Airline miles are so easy to use including international. This airline develops trust based on their reliability and customer service. Definitely a loyal fan and steady customer!"
"Burbank-Phoenix SWA286. Phoenix-Buffalo SWA197. July 17th. My first time flying Southwest and I was very impressed. Customer Service was the best I have seen and I have been on United Delta American etc. I was flying from Burbank to Buffalo via Phoenix and the first flight was 15 minutes early and the 2nd flight was right on time! I read a lot of people on here do not like the seating policy I honestly love it it is very simple and you choose which seat you want and Southwest is known for being the quickest airline for planing and deplaning. Flight attendants were very nice I liked the humor they used for their announcements. You have complimentary non- alcoholic drinks and they give you a bag of peanuts and pretzels. All in all I would recommend Southwest."
"Ever since JetBlue left Tucson International Airport my husband and I have been loyal Southwest customers who fly four times yearly between TUS and LGA. Flights are convenient prices are good there's no charge for baggage service is friendly seats are comfortable and we have experienced rare delays. Interestingly enough the passengers are friendly and helpful to one another despite open seating."
"LGA to HOU on May 18th. Easy check-in online and baggage drop at the airport. Organized boarding. Clean aircraft. Good legroom and comfy seat. Crew were fabulous offered snacks and drinks. Although we left 20 min late from LGA we arrived at HOU 15 min earlier. Our luggage was delivered shortly afterwards."
"Something seems to have changed at Southwest. For many years SW was the only airline we wanted to fly because: on-time schedules nice staff/crew all around good operation. Recently (week of May 8-15 '14) my family experienced sub quality performance from SW (flights from Dallas and Albuquerque to Orlando and back). Schedules were way off hours late with inaccurate updates that basically said \"we'll fly when we fly\" (weather plays into this but weather has always been an issue and procedures to deal with it efficiently as in giving accurate information should be in place. Flying out of Orlando was a total fiasco. The flight schedule boards and the gate desk showed \"on-time\" departures when in fact the departure time had already passed. Travelers were asking each other for updates from the internet. Finally the flight number completely disappeared from all boards (the SW rep at the gate said after an hour flights are dropped and that he couldn't say when the flight would take off). So 3.5 hours later our plane takes off. Connecting flights of course didn't happen because our flights were at the end of the day. In Phoenix around midnight we were dumped with no customer service desk open to help those who missed their connections to re-schedule. We were lucky enough to find one ticket rep (Homero) who was trying to go home but did help single handedly even though the counter was closed and many people were needing assistance. SW offered no vouchers for future travel and we had to find our own accommodations for the night-the info handout with a number to call for a nearby hotel recommendation with discount had little to offer with no pick-up available. My conclusion is that perhaps SW has gotten too big (with Airtran acquisition) and has lost control of some operations. SW is at its best as a short haul regional airline. Cross country flights (3 hours +) are off schedule and uncomfortable. The good news is that the staff and crew we encountered tried to be helpful but they are powerless when they don't have the information and support that they need."
"I have flown Southwest several times. This is my first time to write a review. We flew from Little Rock to Las Vegas. On the way back we were late to board and missed the flight. They put our luggage on another plane and couldn't guarantee when they would get to Little Rock. They put us on a flight to Chicago a little later every seat was full so we were lucky to get on. From Chicago we got a plane to Little Rock again the seats were full so we were lucky again. We were about five hours or so later than if we hadn't missed our original flight. All I can say the Southwest people were very nice about trying to help make the connections and when we got to Little Rock our luggage came in about forty-five minutes later. All I can say about Southwest is good. The flight attendants were very nice too all of them. When we came into Las Vegas the plane went over the Hoover Dam with a very good view I made a comment about the view when I got off and told the pilot I was hoping for a circle around the dam he told me they frowned on that since it would take about another thousand bucks. A little humor thrown in. When I fly it will be with Southwest I have never had any trouble."
"March 30th 2014. Hartford Ct. to Las Vegas. While waiting to board the flight I noticed a very angry looking male flight attendant wandering around the gate area he was on our flight and his mood didn't improve for the entire 5.5 hour flight. During a short period of relatively smooth air the crew started taking drink orders. Fortunately on the way home the crew were very pleasant with passengers. The plane was a 737-700 fairly comfortable and the free snacks were a nice surprise."
"Flew St. Louis to Orlando and return. Online check in was very easy and I got an \"A\" boarding cards both times checking in 24 hours ahead of time. Planes left and arrived on time. FAs were in a good mood and very friendly. Soft drinks and pretzels and peanuts were served. Luggage was free and arrived quickly."
"BUF-MCO-BUF. The unassigned seating is such a pain because then you have flight attendants yelling at you to choose any available seat. Both flights were on a Boeing 737-300. Cramped seating but flight attendants were polite and nice once you were in the air. In-flight magazine is terrible but the free snacks ands drinks helped. Although Southwest does have some of the best baggage policies in all of North America."
"EWR-HOU-EWR. I flew on an early flight to Houston Hobby. The flight was extremely empty and there was a ton of seats. I got A23 and A24 for that flight. Staff were quite attentive and provided us with snacks and drinks. We got into Houston around the time we should get there. Our return flight was delayed 90 minutes and we got a different plane. There were also delays at EWR so I just had to deal with it. The staff was just as attentive. Once we landed one of the flight attendants did apologize for the delay. Although I did not check any bags they got off the plane extremely quickly. I would fly them again!"
"Southwest 1696 on April 1st from Baltimore to Denver. By using the rapid rewards debit card we got throughout the year we are able to take a vacation for no more than $30 each year ($30 is tax). We always check in on the dot of 24 hours before departure and usually get A or B boarding groups. We love that we get to choose our own seat. The staff are always very friendly and the new free TV on board every flight is my 2 kids favorite past time."
"Having flown 45 weeks or so annually and now scaling back I fly Southwest for both business and pleasure. Southwest is an easy transition. With all the cutbacks and cattle calls that airlines have migrated to SW at least makes it simple ABC. If you can't figure that out sit in the middle. Their gate attendants are knowledgeable take the same stupid questions over and over yet answer them in a polite manner."
"Flown from Houston to Las Vegas last week. Everything was good (except lots of passengers were drunk and yelling). Our flight departed on time and arrived 15 min prior to schedule. I had no complaints at all for the price it was a fair trip. The return flight was delayed 40 min. Whoever is surprised by this obviously doesn't travel a lot by plane. I say for the price their flights are good don't expect feeling as royalty of course. For short trips (4 hours max.) it's pretty enjoyable."
"Feb 2014 - BUF-FLL (return). We booked Southwest mainly because of the price and I was a little apprehensive about avoiding the dreaded middle and getting a decent aisle seat. We paid an extra fee for their \"early bird\" check in which in our case allowed us to board with the first 25 passengers both outbound and return. It was a 3 hour flight and that's about all of the time I would want to spend in their cramped uncomfortable seating. But for a reasonable short flight I'd book Southwest again. It's a basic no frills airline with no baggage fees and it gets you there albeit not in the most comfortable circumstances."
"Our flight was 20 minutes late taking off because there was a previous flight still at the gate. As soon as the last person walked off the passengers in wheelchairs were boarded so obviously there was no time to clean the plane. The washroom was very dirty. Yesterday at 6.15 flight 1957 Ft. Myers to Chicago. Southwest was trying to keep on schedule but please clean the plane."
"Feb 8th flight 2178 Orange County to San Francisco. Feb 5th flight 2962 Denver to Orange County. I travel quite frequently. I rarely have to check any bags but I like having the option to do so for free if I need to. I travel twice/week for the last 2 months and I have never encountered an unpleasant flight attendant in fact I find them more than amusing. Also as someone who has flight anxiety I feel so secure when flying Southwest."
"I recently flew round trip from Austin to Sacramento. The boarding process went smooth no delays but the flight was very uneventful. The pilot was completely silent the entire flight the flight attendant rude and very cramped seats. The return flight home was overbooked and at 100%. However the pilot and attendants were very pleasant and had a great sense of humor. I would advise that you fill up on food before you fly as there is no meal service just peanuts pretzels and mini Ritz sandwich crackers. It would be nice though if the pilot would make an announcement once in a while regarding your eta."
"I fly SW from San Jose to Ft Lauderdale and back several times a year. I too have been a victim of delays due to mechanical problems and sometimes bad weather. I suspect that all airlines have these issues. I love the witty banter of the safety announcements. If you are nice to the staff they will be nice to you. It is not their job to stuff your 90 lb. carry on into the overhead bin. The pilot decides when and if beverages and snacks will be served. I am a \"senior\" and remember the old days when people didn't feel so entitled as they board in their sweat pants or worse. It takes just one or two passengers to ruin a flight."
"San Antonio - Las Vegas via Denver and Las Vegas - San Antonio in January. On a business class RTW ticket we did this low frills side trip with UK and US friends - they're buses with prices to match check-in at the 24 hour point gets you into the early second tier boarding queue which enabled our party of six to all travel next to their partner and all couples had one window seat with carry on in the over head lockers and all flights were full. They took their own lunch and appreciate the gratis soft drinks/coffee and unlimited pretzels. Loved the commentary from the flight deck on departure from Las Vegas and on arrival at San Antonio. For internal US travel go for it."
"12 Jan flight 670 MDW-LGA 1.5 hrs. Low fare easy check in speedy boarding on-time professional cabin crew very good seat pitch new aircraft. Soft drinks nuts and pretzels - free of charge. Better than other \"traditional\" airlines."
"Just returned from a trip to San Jose the 1st. of January. I do not like this cattle call method of filling the seats. After finally entering plane I always look for the seats by the emergency exit due to knee problems what I found was a young girl sitting there already. When I brought my concern to the stewardess about whether or not she would be capable of opening the emergency exit she just said no problem for her to open it. The seats are not made for me and I find them very uncomfortable. I really would like to give SouthWest airlines a better score but could not."
"Flew in Sept. 2013 from Nashville to Denver and later Denver to LAX. We were very impressed considering this is a budget airline. Managed to get seats in the 2nd row on both flights for both myself and my elderly mother. Flight attendants were friendly and attentive nice smooth flights new planes very clean. Were most impressed with ground crews in both Denver and LA who allowed my mother and I to board the plane before any general boarding. Will certainly fly Southwest again."
"We flew from Minneapolis to Houston on December 14. We had weather delays so had to fly to Milwaukee / St Louis / Oklahoma City and finally into Houston Hobby in the evening. It was a hectic flight but the crew on flight 3480 were wonderful!"
"LAX-SFO return on 12/09/2013. I like the text message updates early in the day that let you know flights may be late. Before I even left LAX I knew my flight home from SFO would be over 1.5 hours late. That allowed me to finish up early and get back to the airport to try and catch the earlier flight. I did just that and was accommodated on the second to last flight back to LAX. Even though I used points for this trip there was no charge to take the earlier flight. Flights always have drink service and a choice of peanuts/pretzels. Even though they can be stingy when passing the snacks out they never say no when you ask for more and are always nice and polite. In addition I always ask for a kids book with wings to take home for my kid and they gave me two this time - nice touch. So while the assigned seating thing can be a drag they make up for it with outstanding service. And while I was given B51 on the earlier flight to LAX I still managed to get a window sea t so no complaints on the seating. Checking in early is key!"
"Great customer service! After being messed around by United once again where they left me stranded in St Louis I booked a flight at the airport to Philly (though I really wanted to go to Newark where United was supposed to take me). As I went to the gate for my flight leaving 45 minutes after I booked it I saw the flight to Newark that was supposed to depart 10 minutes before I arrived at the airport had been delayed and was now leaving in 5 minutes. Went to gate agent explained I was screwed by United and really wanted to go to Newark he said \"No problem\" switched me to the Newark flight and handed me the ticket. When I asked how much he said \"No charge have a nice flight\"."
"I fly with Southwest Airlines frequently. In fact I hardly ever fly with any other US carrier. This does not mean that I love the airline merely that by US standards it is not bad. Some flights go well and the crew are a lot of fun. This was especially the case on both flights I took on 28 October from San Francisco to Phoenix and from Phoenix to Minneapolis. The crew were friendly told jokes and made me feel almost refreshed despite having a long Osaka-Hong Kong-San Francisco flight the day before. At times the flights either leave much to be desired or can be almost horrific as was the case on both flights I took with them on the 7th of October -- Minneapolis to Phoenix Phoenix to San Francisco. Surly crews with terrible service. Those two flights drained me more than the flight to Hong Kong despite having less than half the travelling time combined. Most flights are fairly pleasant if unremarkable. Despite the hits and misses I will likely continue flying with Southwest Airlines because they do not charge as many fees and generally speaking do their job with greater efficiency than any other domestic US carrier."
"I flew 10/24 flt 440 FLL to PVD. We actually arrived early! Everyone from baggage check to flight attendants to flight crew were extremely nice. Same way on the trip home on 10/28 flight 3761. Both planes were full but it was organized and ran smoothly. Excellent value (free baggage etc). I would take Southwest again just based on the employee attitudes."
"My husband for the first time booked three flights with Southwest. We flew from Orlando to New Orleans from New Orleans to Dallas then from Dallas back to Orlando. We were very pleased with the service and we agreed that every seat on a Southwest flight IS compatible to flying first class with any other carrier. They all should take note IJS. You must remember to print your boarding pass 24 hours prior to your flight departure this will determine your boarding zone. The check in was so smooth! No need to fly with any other carrier."
"I flew Southwest today for the first time. Flight 905 LGA to Chicago Midway. Easy check in online pre-queue at the airport. Seats are comfortable with decent legroom clean and new aircraft professional cabin crew. Left 5 min late due ramp congestion but arrived in Midway 20 min earlier. Will fly with them again and certainly would recommend."
"This was our first time with Southwest round-trip from DEN-LAX both flights left and arrived on time. There were no problems or delays with boarding. Check-in and baggage check-in very efficient. This was wonderful considering that we have often flown United USAir American Delta and not once did the plane leave on time and had problems with loading. The crew were polite and courteous unlike those other US airlines we have flown."
"SFO-LAS. First time flying Southwest! The crew were hilarious. Great quick flight - left and arrived on time boarding was quick and efficient and the baggage arrived quickly. Loved this airline and would happily fly them as my carrier of choice for my next trip to America."
"I'm Executive Platinum with AA and as we live in Austin AA is usually our carrier of choice. Recent trip to LAS we booked Southwest for the non-stops on this round trip. Never been on Southwest before and I was sure they were not going to match AA. Paid for Early Boarding and received low A group boarding on both flights. Their airport kiosks for bag drop is very user friendly and both flights were the fastest check in I've experienced. I don't mind paying baggage fees when I have to but the 2 bags free policy was a nice change. Boarding was organized and everyone paid close attention as where to stand in line. The planes are very clean and the seats for coach are great. Standard legroom and the open seating was fine for this trip. Very fast boarding they may be on to something here. Fast on board service without carts in the aisle. Overall a very nice trip and would easily use Southwest again for certain trips out of Austin. They do serve a niche."
"Another pleasant set of flights on Southwest. BUF-LAS 737-700 LAS-BUF 737-800 (Sky interior with larger overhead bins). Got the seats with double leg room on both flights even with an A30/A37 boarding number. Glad I paid for Early-bird check-in. ($12.50 US each way). Bag drop a bit slow in BUF - can't understand why they don't have a dedicated bag drop line. All flights on time. Drink/snack service on all legs with an additional water service on the longer legs. Luggage delivered quickly at LAS and BUF. Already planning my next trip on Southwest."
"I have traveled Southwest for years. Always good service and friendly flight attendants. Recently I flew from Omaha to Las Vegas. I arrived at McCarran Airport at approximately 12.10pm. I had to get to my shuttle location by 12.30pm otherwise I would have to wait until 2pm to catch the next shuttle. I didn't think that there was anyway I could catch the 12.30pm shuttle because of the time to get the baggage off the plane. To my complete amazement the luggage arrived very quickly and I was able to get to the shuttle that left at 12.30pm."
"I've flown 12 separate flights on Southwest over the last 5 months and I have always found the flights to be pleasant. The line-up seating encourages passengers to interact and the crew have always been friendly and helpful. The on-board wi-fi for $8/day was well worth the expense and can be off-set by the fact that there is no charge for up to two 50 lb bags! Granted there is no 5-star service but Southwest provides an enjoyable experience for a great price."
"OAK - HOU round trip 73Fs both ways and I was in Seat 5F going and 4F on the return. Evolve Interior not bad and my only complaint is a lack of power ports. Cute cookies. Staff not at all bad. Only real complaint was that outbound flight was delayed but they made up for the delay in the air so even though I literally ran through HOU I did pick up my rental car before they closed for the day."
"August 2013 DEN-OMA-DEN. Travelled to Omaha for business trip. Plane about 80% full both flights. First time in a long time-actually can't remember when-both flights arrived on time. FAs very pleasant and helpful really nothing to criticize; would recommend based on punctuality alone."
"LAX-DEN-MKE-LAX. All flights worked a treat except a delay out of Denver due to fog of all things - and Denver sits at 5000 feet! Paid for early check-in and was in low A group every time. Once you understand their system and its quite logical SW is a great airline to fly with."
"I flew from Albany NY to Oakland CA to get married. When the crew found out I was getting married I was presented with a bottle of Korbel champagne! What a lovely gesture from an airline that puts service first."
"Non-stop from Rochester to Orlando. Friendly crew. We traveled with our two children one being a toddler. The staff were friendly and courteous and checked on us several times. We didn't have any delays except on return and it was only ten minutes. I would definitely fly Southwest again!"
"Great flight. Flew from TPA-MDW non-stop. Nothing bad on the whole flight. Had a slight delay because there was a passenger who could not find his seat. Flight had an early arrival. Would fly again."
"I fly every other week and have been a loyal SW customer for years. I have however noticed that more and more recently over the past year that my flights are delayed. I'm not sure if its an issue that arose from the AirTran acquisition or just their rapid expansion and growth but something is definitely amiss. More frequent and longer delays have me worried about the future and continuing to use SW exclusively. I have found that the best way to avoid said delays is taking one of the first few flights of the day avoiding delays that seem not to stem from weather/mechanical issues but rather confusion that just seems to pick up steam throughout the day. If you don't like to wake up early bring a good book!"
"Nashville-New Orleans on July 1st. Slightly delayed due to weather where the incoming plan left from but after that it was good. Free soft drink snack and checked bag can't believe Ryanair are based on Southwest worlds apart."
"My flight to Chicago from Ft. Lauderdale via St. Louis 5/12-13/2013 was interrupted by extremely bad weather in Chicago at MDW. Southwest staff were very involved in getting myself and all the other passengers on Flt 352 to our destination. I did arrive late but did indeed arrive and so did my luggage."
"23-27 May 2013 Columbus OH - CMH to Ft. Lauderdale FL - FLL. Southwest is our preferred airline and we fly 3-5 times a year. Every time we've used another airline (because someone else was booking the flights or Southwest flights for the times we needed were full) we've regretted it. When we first flew Southwest it took us awhile to get used to how seats are chosen because we'd always flown airlines that had assigned seats. Now we just pay the extra $10 per person for early boarding and make friends with the people around us who are waiting to board. We love how friendly the flight crews are and that their fun personalities come through during the flights. They are funny personable helpful. During one flight there was loud knocking on the outside of the plane which caused the plane to be re-routed to change planes. Southwest gave us a credit for the trouble without us asking."
"I had a connection in ATL on my way to BWI after taxiing out we went back to the gate with mechanical issues. The de-icer warning light came on. They told us we would have to wait for the plane to be fixed as there were no available planes after de-boarding they said they had found another plane for us. It got us to our destination 5 hours late I missed my shuttle and had to rent a car to arrive at my destination on time. I called SWA and they willingly issued me a travel voucher for $300 to cover the cost of the car. I was happy with this compromise although cash would have been best. The crew etc were fine no issues there. The only thing I can say and it might be too critical is I would have expected them to be more proactive about reimbursing for the inconvenience."
"CLE-MCI with a stopover at MDW. The flight crew were attentive and nice and the plane a Boeing 737-700 was very clean."
"I'm consistency taking Southwest out of Midway to a variety of different places (LAX PHX ABQ DEN HOU LAS) and its usually the redeye. I can always judge the best and worst of airlines based on their customer service during their redeye hours. Airlines staff have always been friendly and accommodating. My partner for example was feeling ill after a trip and he was granted an early boarding pass after explaining his situation to the boarding crew. You also can't beat two free bags and no change fees; I was able to use the funds from a canceled flight towards another. Rewards program is pretty good too especially if you have a Southwest card."
"RNO-ONT-RNO. All flights on time if not a little early. Staff pleasant ground crew pleasant. Made a brief stop in Vegas on the way to Ontario and a brief stop in Oakland on the way back. Very quick turn around times. Full flights on all sectors and staff even managed to do a quick beverage service on a 35 minute flight. Southwest has a good product and I will continue to be a pleased customer."
"Take Southwest weekly from Portland OR to Las Vegas. Flights in the morning have been on time. Late night returns have run from 45 mins to 2 hours delayed. Flight crews are excellent and professional. 4 non-stops between Portland and Las Vegas during the work week 2 bags checked bags free and no change fees keep me a loyal customer. Besides the later return flights and Southwest frequent schedule changes I have nothing but praise for this airline."
"Excellent fare! I flew round-trip from DAL (Dallas Love Field) to SEA (Seattle) for $228. round-trip. All flights arrived within 10 minutes of scheduled times. The flights in both directions stopped in Albuquerque. Inflight service was consistent. We had crew changes in ABQ in both directions. Although all crews were fine some were better than others."
"We had an issue with our tickets and time our flight was to leave Indy Southwest had cancelled our original flight but had not notified us that our flight was leaving at 6.45 vs 8.10 therefore we missed our flight. The Southwest staff at Indy were very apologetic and helpful they placed on the next flight out which was a direct flight bought us breakfast and gave us vouchers to use in the future. Flight crew on this flight were excellent!"
"I have taken several flights recently from Denver to Burbank CA. Each time we left on time and usually arrival ahead of time. The Early Bird Check-in is well worth the few dollars. Having two free bags to check-in enabled me to avoid the part I usually dread - hoisting the bag into the overhead locker. The customer service was great! The other thing I really appreciate is having porters at the airport to check in the bags."
"Five flights over the last two weeks Islip to BWI to ATL to MDW to LAX then San Diego to Oakland all left and arrived on time effortless check in. Comfortable seats and reasonable leg room. All in all an experience that beats all other US domestic carriers. I have platinum elite status with another carrier here but for domestic flights Southwest beat them hands down."
"Last Monday (3/18/13) flight 1990 from SNA to SJC was 20 minutes late and this raised the possibility that the plane would not be able to take off before the 10pm airport curfew. The gate agent repeatedly motivated us to expedite our boarding. The flight took off before the curfew and the cabin crew provided their usual friendly service during flight. We arrived at SJC only 10 minutes behind schedule despite the late departure. For non-stop flights this airline remains my top choice for domestic flights."
"We flew from MSP into Las Vegas and had a great flight. Staff at the check in gate were friendly and had a sense of humor! Staff aboard plane were helpful and had a smile! A pleasant change from many airlines we have flown on. The fact that there is no extra baggage fee free snack and free beverage just added to the enjoyment of the flight. Our plane out of Las Vegas was delayed and the connecting flight in Denver actually waited for us! We'll book again."
"Took two flights with Southwest during March - New Orleans to Nashville and Nashville to Newark. We were delayed a few hours on the Nashville-Newark trip due to bad weather but were kept informed at all times and we were impressed by the good humour and personalities of the flight and cabin crew. Definitely worthwhile checking in online 24 hours prior to flight as you can get a good position in the queue for boarding. Overall a great budget option comparable to our home grown equivalent Virgin Australia. We were rewarded with a $100 travel voucher for the delay from Nashville also - much appreciated. Would definitely recommend Southwest."
"BUF-MSP-BUF (Feb 28/Mar 8). Excellent value for money and definitely a winning proposition hands down when compared to flying from Pearson (YYZ). Both legs arrived before time. Efficient operation with crew (both apt and air) always on the ball with updates. On the return leg they scheduled a Boeing 737-900 (bright and with lots of overhead cabin space) to accommodate the additional load due to storm cancellation the day before. BUF and MDW do not have the best options for food but you can always find something ok. Don't count on much for breakfast at MSP if flying out early."
"Traveling from MCO to BDL plane had a mechanical problem at MCO and we were forced into a delay of 4 hours. They gave every passenger a $200 voucher for the inconvenience. As usual fantastic crew and even provided us with free cocktails."
"March 8th our air travel with another carrier completely fell through (weather related issues). We went to the Southwest ticket counter to see if there was any possibility they could help us. Several different options were given even though we had a tight schedule and were looking to leave ASAP! Once aboard the flight the bins had great room (although some people really do push the size of their carry-on to ridiculous proportions). Seats were comfortable (even for my husband who has a bad leg) snacks were good and the inflight crew were great!"
"CMH-MDW-LGA return. Definitely a value airline when the tickets are purchased well in advance at a cheap price. Southwest offers up to 2 free baggage check-ins and that definitely beats most other airlines who charge extra for checked-in baggage. You get a free drink and peanuts/pretzels so cannot complain. The real negative thing about WN may be its inability to accrue miles on major mileage systems. They have their own system but the benefits are quite limited even when you become the A-list. Another downside of WN may be its tight operation of aircraft's. As they operate on such a tight schedule one delay could trigger something like a domino effect. My final concern is about the seating order as somehow more and more people seems to be getting priority status so even a web check-in well in advance will barely get you in the A section. As a matter of fact I have been hearing that even with Early Bird Check-in purchase the seating order may turn out to be worse than you expected. Definitely something WN may have to work on."
"Several flights over the last couple of months the most recent which was DAL-STL-BWI-LIT-DAL. Online check-in and bag check has been painless crews have been friendly and occasionally even entertaining and all flights have either been on-time if not a little early. Flights have been on a variety of 737s (300 500 and 700 series) both with the new and old seats. All seats provide 32-33\" pitch and better legroom than most domestic carriers. However planes with the newer seats can be a little uncomfortable on the thighs after 3 hours or so beware on longer flights. Price of WiFi has recently been increased to $8 or $5 for streaming TV/movies only but you can access Southwest.com a shopping site and a flight tracker for free. Free soft drinks are provided along with either peanuts/pretzels and/or a bag of chips (only on longer flights). I paid for EarlyBird on some flights checked in exactly 24 hours before on others and forgot a couple of times and checked in a few hours after. Beware that if you either don't pay for EarlyBird or forget to check-in exactly 24 hours in advance you will end up in the mid-B group and you will have your carry-on checked as bin space runs out by that point. Also on the most recent DAL-STL leg I got stuck with a B boarding pass despite paying for EarlyBird. Otherwise no real problems at all."
"Flew round-trip St Louis to Omaha. Both flights left on time and arrived even a little early. FAs were friendly and smiled. I checked in online 24 hours before and got a good boarding number both times. The planes were clean and the leather seats were comfortable. All in all Southwest is a good product."
"I question Southwest Airline's Earlybird Check-in. Today's flight from Ft. Myers Florida to Philadelphia PA Flight 1431. I had booked and purchased \"Earlybird\" check-in back on 8/22/12. I was given Boarding Pass #B- 4. I sat next to someone who did not have \"Earlybird Check-in and checked-in hours before the flight and was given Boarding Pass A-36. This is not the first time this has happened to me."
"SJC (San Jose CA) to SNA (Orange County CA) on Dec 31 2012 return Jan 2 2013. Both flights within 15 minutes of scheduled departure time. Orderly boarding gate agents professionally enforcing the ABC boarding-group sequence. Power outlets at the SNA gates seating areas! On-line check-in exactly 24 hours before both flights gave me an 'A' boarding group on both flights. Pilots and Flight Attendants announcements were a nice mix of professional and funny. Both flights were brief (less than 60 minutes in the air) but FA's still managed to give us a free drink and a peanut/pretzel snack. Two suitcases flew for free. To top things off these flights were by far the most economical option for this round-trip trek. For domestic direct flights Southwest continues to be my preferred carrier."
"Recently flew from Dallas Love Field to Louisville Ky with multiple stops round-trip. All flights were on time with consistent inflight service. The boarding process was fair and orderly. I had an A boarding number on both flights while checking in exactly 24 hours before departure."
"Reno - Vegas - Reno. As usual all went well and we were informed of any delays which were only 15 minutes or so. Good service on both flights. Crew were genuine and helpful. Ground staff pleasant and you still can't beat the two free checked bags. Southwest has a good product and will continue to get my business."
"Flew from Albany NY to LAX via Chicago MDW and returned a week later. On time flights good service pleasant crews and no baggage problems on any of the 4 flights. Most of the cabin crews showed a refreshing sense of humor. Nice airline to fly. Flew \"Business Select\"."
"My latest roundtrip from SJC-PHX-SJC was as usual excellent. Flights left on time and arrived early. Customer service on the ground and onboard was excellent with pleasant staff. Checked in bags free for the first two on this airline arrived intact and quickly. A superb experience when compared with the so-called full service domestic carriers within the US."
"ORF-MDW. 737-700 was clean and nice. Snacks served the seats were comfortable leather and FA's were attentive and helpful. Departed and landed on time. Only complaint: With the open seating my mother and I were put in boarding group B31-60 and couldn't sit together."
"RNO-DEN-RNO. All went well. On time except for return flight in which they held the plane 15 minutes for some connecting passengers that were on their way. We were kept informed. Crew were pleasant on all flights. The captain stood by the exit and said his thank you as we all exited. Baggage arrived safely except mine was covered in snow in Denver."
"BWI-DFW-BWI in Big Front Seats. Had misgivings about flying Spirit but decided to give them a chance due to perfect non-stop flight schedule for my meetings and cost savings (Spirit was half the price even after paying extra fees to carry-on bag and Big Front Seat equivalent to a standard US domestic first class seat). Pleasantly surprised: reasonably orderly boarding experience new airplane clean cabin professional crew and on-time flights both ways. Would fly them again."
"San Diego to San Francisco. Just how a budget airline should operate. No frills but easy check in comfortable seats clean plane on time departure and a sensible boarding system. Never used before but very impressed and all for just $50."
"Connecting flight from Indianapolis to Austin. No choice but to fly. Got to Dallas and have been stuck on the tarmac for over 2 hours and counting. I could have driven from Dallas to Austin. The car is faster less hassle and more reliable for these trips. I have to travel back to Dallas tomorrow and you can bet it will be on 4 wheels!"
"San Jose CA [SJC] to Seattle WA [SEA] on 10/10/12 returning on 10/14/12. Flight time is only 1:45 and maybe this is why I didn't mind having no video or audio entertainment there was WiFi access available for purchase. First time dealing with their reservations system via phone and the process of re-booking was quick clear and painless. Flights were on time cabin crew friendly and efficient soft drink peanuts and cheese crackers were free and my checked bag was free. I look forward to flying with them again for the holidays in December."
"I travel from the Washington area to Denver several times a year. Previously I used United but I am increasingly using Southwest. The flights are cheaper and the quality of service is higher. My only complaint about Southwest is that the seat could have used a little more padding. I realize delays due to weather or other problems occur but United lies about the cause."
"Flew round-trip SJC-LAS-SJC outbound on Sep 11 (flight 328) returning on Sep 14 (flight 259). The outbound flight was delayed 4 hours. Initially we had to wait for a couple of hours due to bad weather in LAS. That issue is not the airline's responsibility of course. However after we were told that LAS airport was open again we were delayed by about an hour because staff were not able to match the people on board with their passenger manifest. Cabin crew went through the cabin 3 times counting the number of passengers. A ground staff member went through the plane and checked our ID's one by one. Passengers were getting irritated as the clock ticked. Eventually they figured out that 1) a passenger made it into the plane without turning in a boarding pass and 2) a passenger was now without ID because the ground person checking the ID's left the aircraft with the ID and did not return it to the passenger. / Overall I think it was \"nicely done under the circumstances\" but the ground/gate agent(s) made things harder for the passengers and the cabin crew. The return flight from LAS to SJC was uneventful. The airfare was substantially cheaper than their competition and service was nice once we got airborne. I still recommend SWA to my friends and relatives for short non-stop trips."
"LAX-OAK on a 737-300. Even though the flight was under an hour they gave us a free soft drink as well as a snack. Flight attendants good. Got good value for money flights very cheap and bags were free."
"Flew SW from Denver to Philadelphia on 7 September. Flight was delayed by an hour due to weather in the Philadelphia area but we were kept informed of changes which was good. Boarding was nowhere near as stressful as I imagined (compared to the UK low cost carriers) and managed to get a window seat. Seats are very comfortable with adequate legroom certainly as much as any other airline in economy. Crew were very friendly and attentive throughout the flight. Free soft drinks and as many snacks as you wanted were given out though no IFE. This flight had WI-FI which was good. Overall a pretty good flight which I would happily do again."
"I flew with them last month between Las Vegas and Orange County. I have to say for a budget airline they include hold bags in their ticket price a free non-alcoholic beverage and a bag of peanuts that's more our European equivalents offer. A very comfortable leather seat with generous leg room and nice flight attendants. Checking in at the airport without my confirmation number to hand was easier than I first thought. The check in agent picked up on the fact I was not a non U.S citizen and checked us in."
"I flew from Boston to Baltimore on Aug 28 aboard a 737-700. Great experience all around. All staff friendly and helpful. Plane was clean seats in good shape. Very comfortable seats. All pax had arrived at the gate early so we boarded and pushed back almost 15 minutes early so of course we arrived early. Short easy flight but they still offered complementary peanuts and soda water or juice. This plane was Row 44 WiFi equipped so it was available for $5. I didn't try it because it was just a 55 minute flight. I had a great experience with Southwest no hesitation to fly them again."
"I have been on 6 flights in two days and all flights have been top notch. Take off on time arrive early. Boarding fast and hassle free. The gate staff are nice as are flight crew. I am really impressed and highly recommend SWA."
"ORF-CLE with a stopover at Chicago Midway. On the first leg of the journey it was a Boeing 737-700 and the flight attendants were fun to be around. Leather seats were nice and comfy and the drinks were good. They even gave out complimentary bags of peanuts which most airlines don't do any more. On the flight to Cleveland it was a 737-300 which was older but nice we got peanuts again."
"LAX-MDW-IAD-TUC-LAX. First the bad - 4 hour delay at Midway and only found out about it after peering into gate agents screen. Line-up by numbers worked well and even with a C 10 we managed to get a window seat (at the back). Snacks quite good and booze cheap. On the 4 hour delay flight (to IAD) there were only around 20 of us left and FA's did their level best to help us all out and make us comfortable. I think they were on the 12th hour of a long day. Better than most US domestics in my opinion."
"ONT-OAK and later SMF-ONT. For the first flight we booked a 2-3 weeks in advance (unfortunately just as fares jumped as seemed to occur every few days) and paid the $10 \"Early Bird\" fee but still had numbers in the low 40s. So no chance of bulkhead or emergency row. Did better on the second flight and managed to get first row bulkhead seats. Free drinks but only a cup (you don't get the can). Flights were pretty much on time."
"MCO-PHL return. Flight to PHL was only 15 minutes late leaving after posting a two-hour delay. The return left on time. Two free checked bags a cup of soda and snacks plus overhead comedy via funny flight attendants. My only qualm is the boarding; had A positions but on the flight to Orlando a large group (who were holding C) blocked the path to the gate and wouldn't move and the gate agent just let us walk around them instead of asking them to move. As the gate area was crowded this cause some problems getting to the check-in desk. But overall not bad."
"Flew between Denver and Salt Lake City. Crew were funny and helpful telling jokes during most public announcements. Plane arrived on time and was much cheaper as an option than other airlines. The only criticism I had was you must have your booking reference to hand if you go to the desk for check in as they don't appear to have it \"in the system\" if you just give them your name but this may have changed."
"We can all agree the airline industry is at an all time low. My experience with SWA yesterday restores my faith that someone cares about passengers. A four hr delay at Midway - airport staff were apologetic and sincere the crew were accommodating and we received an unexpected $100 voucher. SWA used to be the cheapest but the fares have gone up. I believe to cover free baggage. But in our case it was cheaper because the fees on the other airlines made their flights higher. I know their are a lot of complaints about seats. I used to hate SWA for that reason. I also don't like that the 24hr checkin still gives you only an A30 at best since they sell the first half of the A seats now for business select or a fee. But if you check in early you still have a good selection. The other airlines are sneakier. You may get an assigned seat but do you really have a choice? Most of my recent flights have shown me a chart selection of all centre seats and the aisles and windows for sale! Not a good way to build loyal customers."
"Round Trip Newark to Denver. All flights on time. Boarded with A group. Completely uneventful and not exciting flights. Cheapest air fare and bags free is a big plus. All in all a quality experience if bland."
"I fly frequently for my business. Southwest usually has the cheapest fares and the fact that bags fly free. Their \"Open Seat\" boarding policy is a little different since they are one of the only airlines that have this policy. I do see both sides of the arguments where you like to know where you seating upon booking the flight but also love the freedom of choosing your own seat as you get on the plane. The earlier you check in the better the chance of getting the seat of your preference. I hardly ever experience rudeness from staff. Flight attendants often add in comedic little quips in their safety instruction demonstration which I saw as quite amusing. When it comes to flying for me 75% of the time I fly with Southwest."
"6/08/12 Flew from LAX (Los Angeles) to LAS (Las Vegas). Flight was delayed by 20 minutes which was not even bad. We were further delayed in the air for 20 more minutes because President Obama was landing at the same airport as we were. Other than that the flight attendants were courteous the seats were decent had good leg room (I'm 6.2\"). Returned on 6/12/12 LAS to LAX. The incoming Flight was delayed for 2.5hrs due to bad weather from the region it was coming from. I got my round trip ticket for $90. I'll definitely fly again!"
"I have flown Southwest a number of times now. I have never experienced a problem with their staff whatsoever. I just got back from a trip from KMCO (Orlando) to KPIT (Pittsburgh) I am a student pilot myself so when we landed I asked one of the flight attendants if I could peek in the flight deck and they were very nice. The seats are all leather with adequate leg room. That is coming from a guy over 6 feet tall. I like the fact that Southwest does not separate the cabin by class. Apparently recently they began offering Nilla wafers as an In-Flight snack. I did not particularly care for them. Bottom line I would recommend flying Southwest. You can get a round trip ticket for $200."
"LAX to Vegas to Burbank. On time seats very comfortable cheerful staff. Very laid back feel. The only downfall is no entertainment and planes seem a little old. Great for the price."
"Flew SWA for the first time between Boston and St Louis for business. On the way out to STL I had a non- stop however on the return I had to fly through BWI (Baltimore). Nevertheless both flights were pleasant and I was very impressed with their overall care of their paying customers. Will definitely fly them again."
"Two round trips so far have been excellent in every respect: on time easy boarding pleasant crew (glad to say official flight time is under 2 hours; can't comment on comfort on a longer haul.) Of course SW is known for the several special ways it rises above the competition: consistently cheap fares (at least for our route) those two pieces of free checked baggage and the free reservation changes. Easy to use website is another nice advantage. As I mentioned among us we will likely be doing 6 or more round trips on this SW route each year for a while so I will be sure to review again if any of the above changes."
"RNO-DEN-IAD-BWI-LAS-RNO. Good fares pleasant staff on-time for the most part and when a delay comes up we are informed. This trip held true to that again. But my only issue on this trip and it is not a fault but rather a comment. Flying cross country non-stop on a 737 for 5 hours is a bit brutal. We did get on a brand new 737-800 for the longest sector from BWI to LAS which was nice but still a very long trip on a small plane that was packed to the hilt. The crew were pleasant on all sectors. The ground staff at BWI were great and the Skycap had us laughing. All in all a good product with no complaints really. Just remember to buy a meal before you get on a long flight and if you don't mind a long flight on a small plane then Southwest is the way to go. Plus you can't beat the two free check-in bags."
"We fly SWA on all occasions from San Jose CA to Ontario CA. We have a 5 year old and this is where my comment comes in. Thinking my son has passed the pre-boarding age we ignored the PA announcement and waited in line. The gate agent spotted my family and I and came to personally asked us to board along with the other pre-boarders. Because of this gesture we now minimized flying Alaska Airlines. These two airlines were our sources for price comparisons whenever we do our travel. Now we don't even bother as the prices are relatively similar and go directly to SWA."
"Southwest are a cheap and cheerful airline and you get what you pay for. The cabin crew are generally friendly and helpful the aircraft's clean although seating is tight as you would expect on a budget airline. Over the past couple of years I have flown 7 sectors with them and my only complaint is with the ground check-in staff. They are with rare exception a miserable unhelpful lot who seem to think their faces would break if they smiled. The check-in system is different to what I am used to and the counter staff seemed to look down their noses in disdain when I was not sure how things worked. Would I fly with them again probably not there are a lot of other airlines competing for the same business."
"OAK-ABQ return. From Oakland check-in was quick but security was a hassle inflight they offered stale Nilla wafers and the usual drinks so admittedly that part was very ordinary. Staff were very nice though and seemed to like their jobs and the seats were very comfortable. The return from Albuquerque was pretty much the same except better security more drink runs but less room. Still it gets the job well done and at a great price and it flies out of Oakland. I'll come back even it isn't high-frills."
"DCA to Islip NY on US Airways Express/Republic Airlines/Air Wisconsin (these three names were either on the plane or my ticket) and it was not a good experience. BWI to Islip my normal way to get there on Southwest is professional clean easy to book and I get an overall confident feeling that they all know what they are doing. It took being lured into the DCA/US Airways flight by the relative convenience to see the other side but I learned my lesson. I'll drive the 50 miles to get to BWI from now on."
"We travelled on three different legs with Southwest recently and were very impressed with the friendly crew clean and comfortable plane free baggage and the plane left and arrived on time or early on each occasion. On two of three legs we paid the extra $10 for priority boarding - well worth as the flight was quite cheap compared to other airlines in the first place. The free drink and nuts were a bonus."
"I usually enjoy travelling on Southwest I like the relaxed and friendly crew. The free checked bag policy is really a plus. The boarding and open seating policy is speedy and efficient and its no problem finding seats for the family together if you check-in online 24 hours in advance. The coffee if free and as much as you want seconds and thirds on snacks too. 5$ in-flight Wifi is great for doing work. Not so great for video streaming though. The seats are comfortable enough I never get uncomfortable."
"In the past two weeks I flew Southwest cross country and also another major airline. The contrast between Southwest and this other airline was unreal. Friendly courteous organized on time generous with baggage check (no fees for first 2) generous with snacks/drinks. The only reason I took another airline in the first place was because Southwest didn't fly to the location I had to visit."
"We flew Southwest with our 3 young boys. Extremely nervous because my older son is peanut and peanut dust allergic. Flight attendants were aware and made the flight peanut free. Our 1st plane was freshly cleaned we were able to pre-board. Seats are leather so made it easier to clean. Our return flight flight attendants also made sure no peanuts were served the check-in counter confirmed his allergy was in the system and everyone was aware. We also pre-boarded and on both flights sat in bulkhead seats. Southwest was great extremely considerate and very professional."
"Besides the obvious advantages of reasonable prices 2 free checked bags and free coffee tea water soda and snacks on flights what you need to know about Southwest is that they are almost always on time and quite often arrive early. We have never had a problem with luggage - checked or carried on. Flight staff are pleasant Seats aren't the roomiest ever but flights aren't that long."
"Recently took 7 Southwest flights within the USA and could not complain about one of them. They don't have select seating but as they are usually short flights it doesn't matter. All flights were on time and the staff very friendly."
"Newark-Denver return. Outbound flight on time checked in easily online and bag drop and boarding was swift. Cabin crew were excellent and very attentive. Complimentary drinks were great and snacks were good. A meal for the 3.5 hour flight would have been more substantial. Flight back was 3 hours late. We checked in online without difficulty. Bag drop and boarding was just as swift and the crew were excellent. Legroom both ways was well above what you get with most low cost airlines."
"My wife and I recently flew from Newark to Reno via Chicago (Midway) and then Reno to Newark with a connection in Phoenix. The boarding process was simple and quick flight attendants on all 4 planes were very courteous. Our plane from Phoenix was delayed 15 minutes however we landed on time. The other 3 flights all landed early. Pleasant experience highly recommended."
"SMF-ONT. Southwest is the only airline non-stop on this route. Check-in was fairly quick. We paid $10 for early check-in and still weren't near the front of the line but managed to get emergency row seats. Service was fine. Nothing special but flight was just an hour long. Flight was on time and our luggage arrived safely."
"Houston to Newark roundtrip. Two free 50lb checked bags and a carry on and large purse. Staff are friendly planes always clean and leg room is good. They have been updating their fleet with newer restrooms cabin interior and wifi. They give free soda juice water and snacks. Charge for alcohol and energy drinks."
"IND to MSY with a layover in MCO round trip. Flight attendants had conversations with passengers which gave all 4 of my flights a friendly atmosphere. All but 1 of my flights arrived early. Make sure you check-in as soon as you can so you aren't stuck with a middle seat."
"LAX-LAS. Flight left/arrived on time. Quick 45 min flight from LA to Vegas free drink and snack served. Leg room ok as flight was completely full. Southwest allow 2 free checked bags as opposed to most other US airlines who charge for checked baggage."
"BUF-LAX (via PHX) SAN-SFO and SFO-BUF (with a stop in MDW along the way). Paid $125 each way between BUF and LAX and between SFO and BUF and $49 for SAN-SFO. Fare included 2 free checked bags. Excellent value for price paid! All my flights arrived early and were operated by newish 737-700's. All flights (except SFO-BUF) were packed but I got the bulkhead window seats which were very comfortable. FA's were friendly especially on the BUF-PHX and MDW-BUF legs. Having Internet on my long return flight made the time fly by and for the most part it worked very well."
"SJC to SNA return. I checked in online for both flights early enough to get an \"A35\" boarding position for both flights and that was good enough to get seats in an emergency exit aisle with great legroom. Both flights on time and flight attendants efficient and friendly. There is no inflight entertainment unless you bring a laptop to use their WiFi and you still get a free soft drink and peanuts/pretzels. Being able to check-in a suitcase for free is fantastic nowadays! I would rate the seat comfort very good."
"Chicago Midway to Boston return. Flights operated by a relatively new 737-700. Both on time. Leg room is generous for a low cost carrier. Flight attendants were polite and efficient. I was allowed to check in two 50lb bags for free and to take a carry-on bag as well. Seats were comfortable and leg room decent especially for a low cost. We were served a complimentary snack and offered non-alcoholic beverages with free re-fills. Boarding was efficient. My only quirk with Southwest is that they do not have assigned seating hence getting a preferred seat is tricky unless you pay the extra $10 and get early boarding. I had not done that but in hindsight I think the extra $10 is well worth it (especially if you want a window seat). I highly recommend Southwest due to their efficiency friendly staff and complimentary beverages."
"BUF-TPA return flights on time. B737-700 to Tampa and 737-500 back to Buffalo both quite clean although B737-500 showing its age. FA's friendly especially on the way back to Buffalo. The extra $10 for early boarding was well worth it on return - ended up with a mid \"A\" boarding group number and got the Exit seat with about 3 feet of legroom in front - if you're tall this is the seat you want. My home airport is Toronto but I'll drive to Buffalo for fares that are generally half the price of flying out of Toronto."
"BOI-SNA round trip. Took my 4 year old son. We had no problems whatsoever on our flights. Connected in Las Vegas heading to SNA then Phoenix heading back to Boise. Flight from SNA to PHX was overbooked but since I was travelling with a 4 year old we got on right after the \"A\" group. I thought the boarding process was odd and I prefer assigned seating but I saved so much money on the lack of baggage fees it was worth it to me. Seats were more comfortable and I had more legroom than on other airlines I've flown. I'd fly SWA again for sure."
"SAN-PHX roundtrip. The flight from SAN to PHX was delayed at the gate for 40 minutes in San Diego. The plane however was a new refurbished looking 737-700. Very comfortable. The flight back was on an old worn looking 737-300. The flight was a little bumpy to begin with but it got smoother as we went along. We arrived on time at the gate in SAN. Cabin crew were friendly both ways."
"DEN-LAX to connect with international flight on another carrier. On-time flight was most important. Staff at check-in gate and onboard was pleasant and professional. Clean aircraft. Seat pitch comfortable for 6-foot passenger. Fare same as other carriers but \"Bags fly free\" saved our family $60."
"IND-BWI and BWI-IND. First trip was on a Boeing 737-700 aircraft. Seats a little worn but plane was clean. The flight was rather empty so had three seats to myself. The crew was okay prefer flight attendants to be dressed professionally rather than casual. The flight on the way back was full plane arrived on time in BWI and crew was much better this time round. Plane an older Boeing 737-500 I believe but it was clean and inviting. I got two drinks and a snack which was quite nice."
"LAX-MSP-LAX. A bit quirky typical boarding procedure (line-ups on either side of numbered poles at the gates) smart-alec announcements from both pilots and flight attendants etc. However a value product: no checked baggage fees free snacks coffee and soft drinks reasonable prices for alcohol. Comfortable seating accommodating flight attendants clean airplanes and dependable service on the ground as well as in the air. All four segments of my trip were packed crew remained hospitable and efficient."
"Albany to Orlando. Leg room is tight seats not spacious but neither are they overly uncomfortable. Service was excellent. Humorous dialogue and an over all sharp wit one staff member was funny. He alone would make me choose Southwest again but the airline also provided a good value and pleasant trip overall. Free snacks and beverage was a nice change from some other airlines as well."
"ONT-SMF roundtrip. Overall good flight but they definitely need to add TV's on long haul flights. Anyway good airline and cheerful crew."
"Both our flights were on time and we had no hassles or problems. Our flight was only about 2 hrs long and we were a little crowded (not tons of leg room etc). I can see where this might be more of a problem for a longer flight but for us it was fine. The plane cabin seats etc. were nothing fancy but they were perfectly adequate and clean - all we needed for a family trip to Florida. Great value for the price - we had a good experience and will definitely fly Southwest in the future."
"DTW-MDW-GSP. Paid extra $10 to get early/priority check-in. Still ended up with boarding numbers in the high 20s. Managed to get one front row and one exit row seat for the first flight and two exit row seats for the second flight. At DTW there were lots of passengers in wheelchairs and a woeful lack of airline personnel available to take them onboard so boarding took a while. Flight into GSP not only took off on time but arrived 30 mins early. It is not always the cheapest option especially if you are adding the $10 earlybird check-in fee but in this case it worked out fine. Still not sure if I like their boarding system since it results in our standing up longer than with other airlines."
"Raleigh to Newark via Baltimore Washington. Had great seats on each flight with friendly crews. Nice experience with smooth trips."
"My first time flying domestically in the USA LAS-LAX on a $39 fare. I did online check-in the day before and was in the second boarding group. Got a row to myself. Check-in process well organised all automated at the kiosk and then your name is called to drop off your bag at a counter. Flight attendants cheerful for the early hour impressed with being allowed 2 checked bags free."
"I am 16 years old and recently travelled with Southwest by myself. I was nervous as this was only my second time flying. I flew SAT to BWI return. I found all of the staff to be courteous and the pilot made regular announcements. Even though there was a delay at BWI the staff kept everyone informed they quickly boarded us and flight actually was shorter than expected. I liked the open seating by paying the extra $10 for early check in I was in the first boarding group and got a window seat on both flights."
"I have flown over 100 flights on Southwest and have not had a bad flight. Back in the old days when the first in line got to board first we always arrived early to get the best seats. Now that Southwest issues boarding numbers we always pay the extra $10 to get priority boarding. The system of having no assigned seats is much more efficient and gets the plane off the ground much faster. Like many others I am disappointed that the Rapid Rewards Program has changed. It was a very generous program now it is similar to most of their competitors."
"Tampa-New Orleans. First time on a US low- cost good price for tickets. Cabin crew friendly flight crew professional. I was impressed with the seat pitch in Economy for a short sector on B737. I am 6 ft 2 inch but was comfortable compared with Transatlantic B777. I always prefer preselection of seating and not sure why SW are averse. I would happily pay a supplement."
"First time with Southwest as they have only recently begun servicing Newark. EWR-SAN connecting in PHX and Chicago-Midway. Booked hotel and rental car as well. Very pleased with the over all experience. Everything was exactly as stated. I enjoyed the extra inch of legroom compared to my usual airline (Continental). Flight attendants friendly and helpful with frequent offerings of refreshments and snacks. I would like to see them expand their Newark service because I would use them any day."
"Southwest avoids punishing customers with extra fees such as change cancellation or bag check fees where possible. If you happen to check your bags late they will accept them and try their best to get them on the plane often faster than you can make it to the gate. If it's too late to check the bags they will place them on the next flight. A-List membership allowed me to bypass check-in and security lines and get preferred boarding almost always resulting in 'first class' seating in the emergency exit row. Companion Pass allowed me to travel around the country with a good friend on the weekends I wasn't commuting for a whole year. Personalized birthday and holiday cards were also nice touches."
"It's very little hassle flights are almost always on time customer service is great. I enjoy the occasional jokes over the PA and the creative ways of doing the safety briefing. I like the first come-first seated policy. In terms of their cabins I find that they have good leg room that's a big selling point for me at 6'2."
"PHX-GEG roundtrip. Stop in OAK each way with change of planes outbound. Good trip all flights on time. Seats comfortable FA's were friendly. Only complaint would be collecting bag in PHX upon return. Took over 45 mins at when only 3-4 other flights there. Apparently the conveyor belt kept jamming but they stopped/started no less than 4 times before it was spitting out bags so fast everyone was having issues getting their bags off the belt."
"I loved the fact that their system for boarding a plane uses physical structure as well as simple written and verbal directions. It's very effective. I liked that I could choose from multiple snacks and take multiple bags if I wanted. The stewardesses were very friendly."
"Will use this airline again when travelling in the US. We flew San Diego to Las Vegas and SW was the only one that offered a direct flight at less than half the price and as a family of 7 we got to sit together. The flight attendants were very friendly."
"I fly Southwest all the time but this particular trip was not so great! I found a really cheap flight with a 1 hr layover which turned into a 3 hr layover. Because my original flight destination time was so late a 3 hr layer had me arriving at 2am when all public transportation (which I use) has ended. I think I should have been compensated for my transportation to the city."
"As a former Northwest/Delta Airlines customer (exclusively) I may be easier to impress. Southwest recently started direct flights between Phoenix and Minneapolis. We purchased tickets in May at what we considered to be very reasonable fare for a roundtrip to celebrate our grandson's second birthday in Minneapolis. My father passed away two weeks prior to our scheduled departure. I called SW seeking assistance. After a brief discussion regarding the circumstances and flight availability the associate announced a fee of $783.00. With the shortest of pauses (I was choosing an appropriate reaction) he asked me to hold while he consulted with a Customer Care agent. A few more questions resulted in a change in three of the four legs of our trip for a total cost of $10."
"I flew SouthWest a number of times between US cities and really like the product they offer. It is low cost and I didn't experience any hidden surprises. I also like the no fuss nature the airplane comes in people get off the next lot get on and it takes off again. Its great if you just want to get from A to B. The two checked bag allowance is a win as I arrived in the US on an international flight with 2 bags so it was helpful to have these included without additional cost (as many/all other US airlines charged). I will continue to fly SouthWest when I visit the US."
"I've been a Rapid Rewards member since 2000 and have spent time on the A-List (but not there currently.) SWA has consistently been above and beyond all other airlines I've flown (AMR Delta Continental) for customer service and they are much more likely to be on-time and not pulling booking shenanigans. Transparency on the (minimal) fees is a giant plus."
"I fly SouthWest constantly - they aren't perfect but employees are cheerful legroom and storage room at your feet is better than other airlines bags are free and there are no change fees if you need to change a flights."
"Travelled SW for the first time because my son gave me and my husband SW giftcards so we booked a trip to Vegas. We paid the extra $10. each was for early bird seating we got A section between 15 and 30 that was good. I think if you are flying as a couple it is worth the extra so you can sit together. I hear some people are saving seats for their partner which I find to be cheap. Anyway to and from Vegas we had good flights I liked choosing my seat. I will fly SW again as long as SW stays with limited extra fees. I used to fly Continental only but they have imposed more fees than I care to read about. Keep up the good work SW and we will stay loyal to you."
"New Orleans to Las Vegas and Las Vegas to SFO. Excellent experience on both journeys friendly staff on time departures and bags free. I don't understand the benefit of open seating policy but that is the only thing I didn't like. I did however pay $10 extra for early bird-check in and got an \"A\" pass between 15-20 both times. Early-bird check in automatically checks you in 24 hours before the flight thus increasing your chances of an \"A\" boarding pass. In retrospect I would only do this for longer flights when it really does help if you can avoid that middle seat."
"TPA-MSY. I love the fact how the first and second bag are free - and they gave us our boarding passes and took our luggage away when we were still outside. The boarding and seating was a bit crazy but managed well. The small snacks were nice and great service."
"The service is about the same you would get at a decent restaurant seats are soft snacks are tasty no entertainment but no big deal. The flight was smooth and enjoyable. When we were in Baltimore our plane got delayed by a storm in Panama city Florida. At least our bags were free!"
"Baltimore to Buffalo. We were very concerned about being able to deal with my mothers handicaps. From entering the airport in Baltimore to meeting our pick up in Buffalo Southwest was extremely helpful throughout the entire trip and made us very comfortable in our travel. I was very anxious about taking my mother on this trip and they truly came through for us. Thank you Southwest."
"After flying several other airlines to/from locations Southwest does not serve I am reminded how great Southwest's business model truly is. They are reliable honest easy to work with friendly and make travel less stressful. I try to fly Southwest to ensure I don't battle the stress of other airlines."
"Manchester (MHT) to Norfolk (ORF) Business select. Multiple children and elderly on the flight but it was vacation week. Flight took off late landed on time. I would not pay the 225% extra for the BS fare versus the wanna get away fare due to what you receive for that increase but work takes care of it as it is for business. The free drinks are nice even on short hops form BWI to ORF in BS. Only major complaint to Southwest Airlines do not board anyone ahead of Business select class unless they pay the same fare or please place them in rows 4 and up. When you pay $230 for Business select you should board the plane before anyone else especially if they only paid ~$89 for their ticket."
"Baltimore to Boston. As soon as my flight was cancelled during the recent blizzard the agent confirmed me on a flight leaving in 5 minutes to Providence RI while the gate agents for the Providence flight held the flight for me. The flight to Providence RI still arrived pretty much on time despite the blizzard. Southwest delivered my bags to my door the next day. Everyone was courteous from check-in to arrival. I thought this was excellent service and much better than service I have gotten on the major airlines when things go wrong. Also no fees for bags no fees for drinks and pretzels onboard and I hear there are no change fees on this airline either."
"MDW-BDL-MDW. Checkin was fast and so was boarding nice B737. FA's talkative nice low cost airline where bags fly free. Seats comfortable typical American snacks served."
"Denver to San Jose and back. Did not mind grabbing whatever seat as I felt it brought out the best in most people. The staff was friendly seats were for the most part comfortable. All but the back row as those seats do not recline. The only real issue I had was that when we checked in to leave San Jose our tickets Picked up at terminal read gate 22 as well as the board. Yet some time between then and the flight the gate had changed to 23. If I had not struck up a conversation with the gentleman setting near me I would have not know until I had missed my flight. My suggestion is with your computer system you should know if a passenger has checked in before a gate change. Please make an announcement at the old gate of the change."
"PIT-LAX Was a little leery about flying across the country with Southwest (usually use it to fly across Pennsylvania) but decided to give it a try because I absolutely refuse to pay an airline to carry a bag. I was not at all disappointed. The good service I had received on short trips was even better on the longer flight. Snacks were fine the personnel was kind (something it is difficult to say for the legacy carriers) and the seats were comfortable. I booked a flight recently to the West Coast and once again chose Southwest."
"MDW-MCO-MDW. Traveled with the family for a quick Disney vacation. Flight out on time and even with kids had no problem sitting together. On return we took advantage of the Southwest off airport check-in location in Lake Buena Vista so got the bags checked and boarding pass and even though the flight was delayed on the return we only had to get to the airport 45 minutes before our flight and were able to go straight to the gate."
"Southwest Airlines LGA-BWI-LGA all flights on-time. FAs very friendly and talkative free drinks is always appreciated. Free checked-in bags (2) compared to other airlines that will nickel and dime you for everything. Plane was clean boarding was fast and efficient. Wonderful airline excellent customer service from ground crew to flight crew."
"TUL-SAT-TUL Go this route often mostly because of price but will continue to use. Day before Christmas Eve less than 48 hours after my mother passed away 6:00am flight mind in a fog I left my cell phone at the baggage check in SAT. Went through long security line sat down at the gate and realized it was missing. Told the gate agent who quickly phoned down to the baggage desk to ask if it was there - and it was! Flight boarding time running out and agent from the baggage desk RAN it down to the gate as I would have never made it back through security again. Now that's customer service."
"SAN to ELP return (through PHX). Having flown SWA for years there is great comfort in understanding the boarding process and open seating. The flight crews are professional and engaging service is well done with a selection of soft-drinks wine beer and juices and sometimes a choice of peanuts or pretzels. There is one non-stop flight each day both ways on this route and choices of flights to SAN through LAS and occasionally ALB. SWA is reliable and accommodating with a simple and straightforward business model."
"San Jose (SJC) to Santa Ana (SNA) return. For both flights checking in on-line 24 hours before each flight got me an \"A25\" or better boarding pass and on both flights I was able to get a window seat on the over-wing emergency exit row with lots of leg room. On the flight to SNA the flight attendant spent quite a bit of time going over the emergency exit procedures which I think was a great example of how this airline can be both professional (take care of serious business) and laid back (announcements are usually quite funny and entertaining!). Soft drinks and peanuts served on these 1-hour flights and two suitcases checked in free."
"My teenage daughters and I flew SouthWest San Diego - Vegas return. We found them to be brilliant and far better than their European equivalents - easyjet and Ryanair. We checked in online as soon as the 24 hour window opened boarded amongst the first passengers - thus avoiding the scramble and able to sit together. The boarding process is far smoother than in Europe and although the flight was only an hour long we were served complimentary soft drinks and peanuts/pretzels. The outward flight was on time and return delayed 20 mins or so. The cabin crew were courteous and friendly and safety announcements were light hearted and funny but got the message across - we probably paid more attention to these humorous announcements than we would have to the regular dry offerings. The flights (pre booked in September) were good value and we would have no hesitation in flying SouthWest again."
"DEN-SLC very late booking less than 12 hours before flight left a good fare and no hassle. Flight was full but crew provided service with a smile. If you follow their booking system you cannot fault them at all. Compared to legacy carriers within the US Southwest are the best."
"My husband has been unemployed a while and we were wondering how we were going to get my daughter a plane ticket to come home for Christmas. Southwest Airlines have really fair prices their website is customer friendly. When we found my daughter's situation had changed and she would be able to come home earlier it was very easy to change her flight online - and Southwest didn't charge a big fee to change the ticket. Only a few dollars that was the higher price of the new ticket."
"We were forced to change our scheduled departure from New Orleans because my partner became seriously ill. We departed New Orleans three days early. We paid $200.00 in additional fees for the flight rescheduling which to me was acceptable by today's rules. I asked Southwest for a refund of the Early Bird Seating fee ($20.00) sending them the hospital and rescheduling documentation. Southwest called and said they would refund $200.00 because of the medical emergency - said they did not believe in taking advantage of their customers. I have always found Southwest Airlines to be fair honest and customer friendly which is why I stay with them."
"My original ticket from Palm Beach Florida to Denver Colorado was screwed up through American Airlines. They wanted to charge me $900 to fix it. I was trying to figure out something to do and ended up talked to agents at SWA and without a thought they started working the problem for me. By the end of the it I had a ticket for $400 and was set to go! They took care of everything and I was on my way before I knew what to do."
"Phoenix to Detroit. Very good service. Had a toddler travelling with us and check-in was super efficient. It took less than five minutes and we were off with our boarding passes. I travel Southwest at least once a month and I will continue to travel with them even if their prices increase."
