"x"
"Verified Review | I will never fly with this airline ever again! Worst service from staff and they were no help. Had to be in Vegas by 8pm and got delayed twice. Pretty much a wasted trip and they wouldn't even try to help my friend and I out to maybe get on a different flight. I tried calling them and was on hold for way too long. I should have read the reviews before I booked with this airline. Everything about the service from them was so unprofessional. It's the Walmart of airlines"
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant Air from Columbus to Fort Lauderdale. I fly with this airline almost every month, due to my mother living in Florida, and, of course, the cost is typically much cheaper than other airlines. I've never had any issues, until this particular trip, when I was charged $100 to bring my daughter and I's luggage onto the aircraft. Mind you, I have never been charged, ever. The lady which charged me, stated there was no one, other than herself, which could stand as a manager to speak with me instead. She was beyond rude when I informed her of my frustration. She stated she could do nothing for me, and proceeded to slam my card back down onto the counter, after charging me. Again, I have never had any issues previously to this trip, but, at this point, I'm set back because of the faculty."
"Verified Review | Belleville to Jacksonville . Abandoned passengers in Jacksonville FL 36 hrs before any other airline canceled due to Irma. I can forgive the 'charge for everything', I dealt with the seats that don't recline, I even looked past paying for a drink of water, but abandoning passengers that are facing a hurricane is inexcusable. They canceled the flight from Jacksonville FL to St Louis 36 hours before the airport shut down. All other airlines flying out of JAX that day completed their flights out. The weather was actually beautiful that day. They had even sent the 'check in online' the previous day, so we thought we were set. By the time we got the cancellation notice (about 4 hours before our flight), there were no other flights to be booked there or at any other airport within 300 miles. Fortunately, we had not quite made it to the airport, so we kept our rental car and drove all the way back to St Louis, through all the other evacuee traffic. Spent a total of 22 hrs in the car. We made it just fine, in spite of the add'l $500 in rental car fees, $200 in hotel charges, meal expenses, fuel, etc. What really is upsetting is the 'what if' questions. If the storm had been 12 or even 24 hours away, I would understand better, but Irma did not hit that area until Sunday night. Our flight was due to leave around 1pm on Friday. I cannot verify this, but it may be Allegiant did not want to pay to send an empty plane down to JAX to pick us up. The message we received claimed they canceled the flight due to passenger safety. JAX airport did not close until 7pm Sat night, according to the airport website. We will never use this airline again. I don't care how cheap their flights are."
"Verified Review | I was supposed to fly Allegiant home from Fort Lauderdale to Columbus yesterday. I was on a cruise that returned to Miami on Thursday with limited wi-fi. On Wednesday, I was made aware that my flight had been canceled due to the storm coming in. I tried to get on an earlier flight (Thursday instead of Friday) to Cincinnati but that was also cancelled. Allegiant prematurely cancelled several flights, leaving thousands of customers in harms way. I was lucky to be able to get on a last-minute flight through Delta who was bringing in extra planes instead of cancelling flights to help get people out of the dangerous area. This was my first experience with Allegiant and as a result, I would not recommend them to anyone. Have piece of mind and book Delta or another reputable airline, even if it costs you more."
"Verified Review | Springfield, MO to Orlando FL with Allegiant Air. If you had a disability or need to transport a medical device you will be charged at the gate for this. In my case I had a very small compact CPAP machine and a very small back backpack as my personal item. I was charged $50 by the gate agent in Springfield MO, for and additional carry on for the medical device. They don't care about the ADA, nor do they care about pleasing the customer, it's all about hidden fees and extra charges applied toward the customer. I wrote him to Allegiant customer service and got a camned answer a month later, saying they were not going to do anything about it."
"Verified Review | Flew Orlando to Youngstown. On a plane that was only 3/4 full Allegiant Air decides to seat my wife in the front of the plane and me in the rear. Why? So they can charge additional fees for seat selection. $9-$23 per person. That's $18 to $46 if my wife and I wanted to sit together on a flight I book for us both at the same time on the same credit card. You just can't justify that. We refused to pay the counter girl who had no empathy. Thankfully the cabin crew allowed us to sit together in one of the many empty groups of seats. I won't ever consider this nickel and dime airline again. Even if the flight was advertised as free. By the time your finished with their nickel and dime tricks you could have flown on a real airline."
"Verified Review | I thought Frontier was bad but Allegiant Air tops it for the worst. Flew Cincinnati to Denver. $100 carry-on fee. Absolutely terrible. I feel sorry for the people that have to work for this airline, it is the bottom of the barrel. Once is enough to realize it's worth the extra $20 to fly a real airline."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Las Vegas. Worst experience of traveling I have had! First the plane supposedly had to be downgraded so everyone's seats were wrong and my husband's extra leg room was not available. Then they lost our luggage for the entire trip apparently couldn't find it when I spoke with them on 8/18 and 8/20 (since we got an email that we also had a downgrade for our flight back) and then when I got to the airport they wouldn't let us board until they got a certain amount of volunteers to fly out the next day So we were late to take off. Then I stopped at the baggage area when we finally landed in Ohio again to check on our luggage and found out that they logged our baggage as found in Denver on 8/18 and no attempt was made to contact us at all. We wasted $200 on clothes and supplies in vegas that shouldn't have been. I still haven't gotten refunded for my leg space seats or luggage checked fees for both travel there and back or any communication about when I will be getting it. Instead I get requests for reviews and deals for our next flight. I will never fly this airline again. They don't even have a scanning system for their bags checked. You get what you paid for when buying a cheap flight through an airline with nobody knowing who they are but lesson learned. Do not fly them ever! Save the stress. My vacation was ruined and so stressful"
"Verified Review | This is the 3rd time in 12 weeks I've have flown with Allegiant. One flight cancelled and two delayed for four hours or greater. The first time being 6 hours with a child in tow and the second time being 4 hours. To compensate our first flight they gave us each a 50 dollar voucher (hardly compares to the 6 hour wait time). The second flight there has been no compensation! Allegiant is known to be delayed 30 minutes but my past two experiences has combined for a total of 10 hours in delays. I don't fly to be delayed, I fly to get to my destination on time. Allegiant has proven this is not a priority to them when they do not even explain to their passengers why we are delayed. Two 50 dollar vouchers for two poor flight experiences is hardly worth it. Either fly someone else or expect delays with Allegiant Air. There is a reason the prices are so low."
"Verified Review | Sanford to Louisville. This is the 2nd time my wife and I have flown with Allegiant in the past month. Both times our flight has been delayed for a few hours. The first time being 6 hours and the second time being 2 hours. Both times we were on the plane/boarding and we were told to get off without any explanation. To compensate our first flight they gave us each a 50 dollar voucher (hardly compares to the 6 hour wait time). The second flight there has been no compensation! Allegiant is known to be delayed 30 minutes but my past two experiences has combined for a total of 8 hours in delays. I dont fly to be delayed, I fly to get to my drstination on time. Allegiant has proved this is not a priority to them when they do not even explain to their passengers why we are delayed. Two 50 dollar vouchers for two poor flight experiences is hardly worth it. Either fly someone else or expect delays with Allegiant Air. There is a reason the prices are so low."
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Myrtle Beach. When the aircraft turned on, a loud constant high pitch noise occurred for a long period of time and it was ongoing until dimmed when we left the ground. The seats do not recline and the temperature was freezing cold on the plane; you could see customers bundled up from head to toe all throughout the aircraft. In addition, the flight was delayed 3 hours before departure due to a gas spill. There were no updates over the intercom during the delay so confusion and frustration increased for customers. The one positive comment I have is the flight attendants were friendly and accommodating during a family members plane sickness. However, I do not recommend if there are other airline choices. You get what you pay for."
"Verified Review | This is my second-and last time-I will ever bother with booking Allegiant. The flight was 2 hours late arriving in and leaving from Missoula. I was in one of the airport concessions and was visiting with the person working there. She said that this was not an isolated incident-this flight is delayed on a weekly basis. I chose Allegient because I could get a cheap round trip flight to Montana. But once the carry on baggage fees, the cost of buying a seat assignment, the taxes and the weekly parking cost of leaving my car at an inconvenient airport because Allegient only flies out of off-the-beaten-track airports, turns out the price is comparable to flying just about any other airline. I'm 5'7\" and my knees hit the seat in front of me. There is nothing free on Allegient-no beverages or snacks unless you buy them. Just say no to Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Not worth my time or money. My Allegiant Air flight from Cleveland to Punta Gorda was delayed for 7 hours! We were given a $50 voucher for a later flight booking, but I was told that I would have to cancel my return flight to use the voucher for that. I cancelled my return flight, but they would not refund my credit card, they just issued a second travel voucher for a future flight. I'll probably not be flying within the year and it will expire, and certainly not with Allegiant. Passengers were given a food voucher, but then told by the vendors that they don't accept Allegiant vouchers because they don't pay them back. Book with someone else. Seriously. You have been warned!"
"Verified Review | Appleton to St. Pete–Clearwater . I bought these tickets for my son and for my mother to bring him back after spending summer in wisconsin and I have never been so irritated with an airline. Yes, cheap tickets not worth the delay and stress. The plane was supposed to leave at 9am they left at 1/.45pm were on and off the plane 4 times before actually leaving. I tried calling customer service to see what the hold up is and waiting 50 min and still no answer from a real person. Never again will we fly with them."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Pittsburgh. I have flown Allegiant three round-trips. Delayed or canceled every time. I used them more than once because they are the only airline with nonstop service from New Orleans to Pittsburgh. This latest experience was the worst. My boyfriend was visiting from Australia. We booked a flight on Allegiant to Pittsburgh to visit my sister. At 4am I get a text that the flight was canceled. No reason why. I called to see what they can do for us and spent almost an hour on hold. I finally get through to someone who was so rude right from the start. She would not help with hotel vouchers (we had to be out of our vacation rental that night and had another one booked for when we returned). I asked her to transfer me to her manager/supervisor, she said she didn't have one and disconnected me. I spent another hour on hold to get through to someone else (much kinder than the first but not great). She gave me the option of flying to another city and driving to Pittsburgh but could not give me a refund. I had to call back to confirm if we would take this option because I had to talk with my sister and my boyfriend. We decided to do fly to the other city but they refused give us any kind of voucher or discount for a rental car. The new flight for Cleveland was delayed as well. Neither the ticket counter to the counter at the gate had anyone there. Our flight home was delayed and the flight attendants on both flights were horribly obnoxious and rude. They issued a$100 voucher for our inconvenience but I did not find that acceptable considering how awful the ordeal was. I emailed several times, no answer. I called (with another 30 minutes on hold) to be told that I had to email my complaint. It has been 3 months and still no responses."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air flights are cheap, but their planes are never ready, and you aren't going to depart on time. They prepare for take off. Then, taxi to the runway. Then, return to the gate. Then, do a computer reset. Then, Prepare for take off again. Every time I've flown them, it's like a circus. Here's an idea: How about checking the plane before departure?"
"Verified Review | I flew from Austin, Texas to Cincinnati, Ohio through Allegiant. I chose Allegiant because they have a non-stop flight from Austin to Cincinnati and it seemed convenient. When I got to Cincinnati my flight landed at 10.33pm. I left the gate and immediately went to baggage claim and double checked with the Allegiant that I was waiting in the right spot. It took a minute for me to get their attention because the employees were in mid conversation with each other. I waited for about an hour and a half and began to get worried because that's a long time to be waiting for a bag. So at around midnight I went to the Allegiant help desk but there was no one there. I was able to chase down one of the employees as they were leaving to go home I imagine and she was very short and irritated that I was asking about my bag. I have flown a lot and I've never had to wait for a bag for so long so naturally I was worried. One of the other employees was walking by with my bag headed towards the desk so I went and claimed it and asked her where it was. She also was very irritated and said \"I pulled it off the carousel\" and walked away. The staff were very rude, the seats were extremely cramped, and waiting for a bag for an hour and a half is ridiculous. I chose Allegiant because the non-stop flight was convenient but I will never fly with them again based solely on how rude the desk help was and the long wait for my luggage. I will gladly pay the extra money through a different airline."
"Verified Review | Belleville to Punta Gorda. Allegiant issued me a baggage credit in Nov 2016. Went to use credit and it is hidden in a drop down arrow where you need yo type it in. If you do not click the drop down arrow, you will never have the opportunity to type in the voucher credit. It is very easy to over look. Appears the intent if Allegiant. If they wanted you to use it, they would make it visible with out having to click the down arrow. This is what happeed to us. We booked anyway due to we did not want to lose the price. Called customer service, takes 45 minutes to 1 hour to speak to a representative. Once through, they said it was too late and thanked me for my donation as they would not re-issue my voucher."
"Verified Review | Kansas City to Las Vegas. Worst airline I have ever flown with. Flight delayed both ways for hours. Could not get bags from airport for almost two hours- supervisor refused to explain why or even meet with people. Customer service representatives were rude and used foul language when interacting with customers. Maintenance issues on the second flight - kept telling us 15 more minutes -- no air -- rudest flight attendants I have ever encountered."
"Verified Review | Tulsa to Baltimore. I paid roughly $214 for my upcoming flight to include cancellation insurance. Sure enough, I had to cancel and received a voucher of $131! Not only did I not get my money back but they gave me a voucher for only a percentage of what I paid. What was the point in purchasing insurance? Their website wasn't working when I originally tried to book my flight online so I called to make my reservation. After waiting on hold for 46 minutes at 10:00 at night I someone finally answered and I was charged $30 to book over the phone. I won't be using them again!"
"Verified Review | Arrived at Pittsburgh early this morning for flight scheduled to Tampa Bay. We boarded the plane and after a long delay, all passengers were asked to exit the plane. Allegiant staff alerted passengers to expect an hour delay. After several hours of waiting, they cancelled the flight! They stayed we could pick up our baggage up downstairs and that they would not be rescheduling the flight. Horrible customer service. Do not use this airline."
"Verified Review | St. Pete–Clearwater to Asheville. My most recent trip was scheduled to depart Asheville at 6:45pm on Monday and was rescheduled for 12:00pm on Tuesday. Due to the fact that I had several Tuesday morning work meetings planned, the Tuesday option was no option at all, so I had to rent a car and drive from AVL to ATL to catch a flight with an airline that has a better track record for getting people where they need to go in a timely manner. For the costs of a rental car from AVL to ATL, the costs of a last minute Delta flight, the costs of my time, and the expense of my sanity, I could probably have flown Delta First Class for all of my previous Allegiant flights and still have come out ahead. While the automatic $100 voucher is a nice gesture (that nowhere near covers the actual cost of the incident) I am afraid I have very little use for a $100 voucher to fly on an airline I have zero confidence in. It is such a certainty of negative experience, that I feel guilty even gifting this voucher to an enemy. Unless there is a full overhaul of what has become the very worst airline I have ever dealt with, I have no plans to ever fly Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | Allegiant is the worst airline I have ever flown on. Pay the extra money to get a flight that is actually on-time. My flight from Eugene to Los Angeles was delayed almost 4 hours. Then my flight back was delayed as well. They don't tell you until after the flight is supposed to leave that its being delayed either. None of the staff realize whats going on. Terrible air service. You get what you pay for. Do not use this airline unless you feel like waiting endlessly at the airport"
"Verified Review | Undoubtedly the worst flight I have ever experienced. We experienced three departure delays, for various aircraft-related mechanical problems, which made our departure 6 hours late as well as our arrival in Knoxville. Allegiant Air, as required by FAA regulations, provided us 1 cup of warm water (during our last delay while sitting on the tarmac), and approximately a 2-ounce serving of Chex mixed with two tiny pretzels. Allegiant Air's website stated the flight departed at 12.00 noon, and arrived at 3.45pm. The stewardess stated we would receive vouchers from Allegiant Air, which I did tonight. They are for $50, are valid only for a future flight on Allegiant Air, and must be redeemed within 1 year. They are the only airline that flies that route - a 1 hour 40 minute flight, and would not have another flight for three more days. Their required policy submitted to the FAA states that they do not compensate excessive delays, which does seem to comply with Federal regulations. They classify delays resulting from mechanical problems as \"a delay resulting from situations beyond their control\" such as would be severe weather, control tower equipment problems, etc. My previous experiences with Allegiant Air had delays of usually about 1 hour, but the savings seemed to justify those delays. Their seat configurations favor adults with less than a 30\" inseam. I cannot envision flying this airline again except under the most extreme circumstances. Even then I cringe at the thought. No amount of savings are worth what we endured."
"Verified Review | Asheville to Baltimore. Beyond horrible customer service and ridiculous delays. Will never be flying this airline again. The cheap cost of the ticket doesn't make up for how horrible this airline is. Flight was delayed over 7 hours, they gave us an $8 meal voucher which wasn't even enough to buy a decent meal. Offered tiny cans of soda and water. Can't say enough negative things about them. Don't waste your money and more importantly don't waste your time."
"Verified Review | I don't think there is ever one flight that I have flown with Allegiant that hasn't had some sort of problem or delay. This airline is an absolute joke. I'm currently sitting at the airport right now going on a two hour delay from Peoria to Phoenix–Mesa. There was a malfunction and a mechanic was needed, so we then get the word that the mechanic is one hour away. Over an an hour went by then got word the mechanic was on site and still currently waiting to see when we are going to be leaving. After this trip, I'm done flying with this company. Never again."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Austin. I was excited about the cheap price but it doesn't make up for how bad the customer service was. The Allegiant employees working around the terminal were unprofessional and rude. When I asked the guy at the gate a question about whether I could purchase an 'early boarding' pass at the gate, he seemed flustered and then rude and eventually just blew me off. I was trying to make an additional purchase and he turned me away for some reason. When I arrived in Cincinnati the Allegiant folks took 60 minutes to start loading our stuff onto the baggage claim thing. I will not be using this airline again, even with the cheap price.."
"Verified Review | Santa Rosa to Las Vegas. Spend a few more dollars and do not fly this airline. We have had 2 experiences with this airline and both have been horrible in more than just one way. Our flight got cancelled just like that a week before the flight, still working on getting our money back. First experience included almost 2 hours of departure delay without given an apology or explanation, on the way back we waited one hour inside the plane before the plane took off. Customer service not so compassionate or understanding of any issue or even get our own money back."
"Verified Review | We had the most horrible experience with Allegiant Air. First off we were delayed from Sioux Falls to Las Vegas. They loaded the plane and we stayed on there for an hour before we had to deplane. Two hours later they told us that we were stranded for the night. They said they were going to give us vouchers for rooms, and then after an hour waiting they didn't have any vouchers. So we were all forced to front $250. The next day we were supposed to leave from Sioux Falls at 1248 and we were delayed until after 3.30pm. Finally arrived almost 24 hours later. Then on our return we were delayed 2 hrs again and then when we arrived we were stuck on the runway for an hour, due to not enough staff to unload the plane."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Idaho Falls. I am an adoptive mother of two boys (5 yrs old) and (8 yrs old). They have two full blood brothers. (18 yrs) and (11 yrs) and we decided it would be fun to have them come stay with us for a week during the summer. The brothers live in Anaheim and I saw the tickets on Allegiant Air for a very good price out of Los Angeles so I booked them. They have never been on an airplane before, but they are 18 yrs old and 11 yrs old so I thought everything would be just fine. They arrived at the LAX airport 2.5 hours early and checked in just fine, I received an email stating they checked in, bags were checked in. I guess they got held up in security, when they got to the front of the security line they told them they had 13 minutes to get to their flight. After they were done being searched they had 3 minutes to get to the flight. They asked the TSA staff where the gate was and he told these boys to go to the gate in the opposite direction, so they missed the flight. They did not have a phone and had to borrow a phone to try to find someone to drive 3 hours back to get them. How do you check in 2 boys and not make sure they are on the plane? While I am sitting here in Idaho waiting for them, I get a message telling me they are not on the flight, and they do not know where they went. I was in the Idaho Falls airport and I asked the security guard if he could help me locate them by contacting someone in security at the LAX airport to make sure the boys were ok. He told me no and had me go stand in the Allegiant line. I waited patiently in line and finally up to the front to talk to the lady at the desk. I started to tell her what was going on and that I did not know where the boys were and she did not say a word - and put up a sign that said the line was closed. I finally got to talk to the man who handed me a piece of paper with a 800 number on it and told me to call and talk to them. I called the number and it told me I had a minimum 45 min wait to speak to a representative. I did pick up the boys luggage that was checked in and sent (without them) so now I have the luggage and my boys do not get to spend the whole week as we had planned. Allegiant told them to come back on Friday and they will let them on the next plane out of there. Yes 4 days later. I am still shocked that nobody would help me out during the crazy ordeal and would not help me find a flight to get them here to us."
"Verified Review | Worse airplane experience ever with Allegiant Air. Poor communication, inconsiderate, delayed for hours. Boarded flight from Las Vegas to Austin at 3:35 were supposed to depart at 4:04. Sat on plane baking in the heat until 4:40. Staff stated we had to burn off fuel because of weight issues and would have to deplane. Deplaned for a hour and a half. At this time we were told there was an incident that caused the runway to be shut down. Got back on the plane to find out more people and more bags had been added so the plane had to be recalibrated. Didn't depart until 7:35. Made it back to Austin at 12:09 am. Took 30 mins for bags to come off the plane. 20 mins ride back to terminal. Waited on shuttle to take us to car which waa another 15 mins. So horrible."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Austin. This was my first time flying with Allegiant and also my last. Flight was scheduled to leave at 3:35 pm but was moved to 7:05 due to high temperatures in Las Vegas. I understand this was for safety reasons, but since the company is based in Las Vegas, why would you schedule a flight in the heat of the day during the month when the highest temperatures occur? When we finally boarded the plane at 8:10pm, we had to get off due to engine problems. Like other reviews we were told we will give updates every 30 minutes, we are getting you another flight, etc. At 11:30 pm we were finally told the truth, our flight was canceled. I don't even want to go into the horrible details of customer service and how most of the passengers had to sleep in the airport, myself included, because it was that bad. I will pay more to fly with a better airline that takes care of issues like this and actually cares about their customers. I truly don't believe the money you save is worth it."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Ft Lauderdale. I have been flying Allegiant for 10 years and have been on about 100 of their flights. I have airways looked past the constant delays and maintenance issues with their aircraft's because the price was so low. However, this will be my last time flying with Allegiant. I was just charged $50 at the gate for a carry on bag. This is for the same little backpack that fits under the seat with plenty of room that I have taken on every single flight with them. I have never been charged for it. If an airline is going to have different policies at different airports they need to notify customers of that. The people sitting next to me have larger bags by their feet and were not charged. I've witnessed Allegiant employees being rude before and the unprofessionalism of some of the flight attendants is unbelievable. But the way I was just treated in Indianapolis is unacceptable. I'm actually relieved that I now have a reason to never give this company another $1 of my money."
"Verified Review | Worst airline ever. I booked my confirmed ticket to Vegas with my mom and my boyfriend from 27th to 29th June return. And the airline cancelled the the return flight and we all 3 got stuck. And they didn't even have the courtesy to call us or anything. They just sent an email that your flight has been cancelled sorry. We had work the next day and we got to know about our flight cancellations a night before our flight. We all had to call in sick at our work and lost so much money. On top of that they had no other flight that day and not even the next day from Vegas. I mean they had no flight until 2nd of July (no flight for next 4 days). We felt like we are stuck here forever. We made a huge mistake by booking this airline. They gave us $150 compensation when we book flight from them next time. I mean this is not what we want. And I called their customer service the lady was so rude on the phone, I asked her to book another flight for us as it's not our fault that your airline doesn't have flight for next 4 days. She said sorry I can't do anything, you have to book it yourself. And the flight from same day was so expensive that we couldn't afford it (it's was more than 1500 dollars for 3 of us). We were so stressed out and our trip turned into a worst nightmare because of this airline. Then I called this airline customer service again and asked her which one is the closest city where we can take flight for next day. Then she told me there's one flight from Mesa, Arizona next day in the evening. So we told her to book that as we had no other option. We paid for hotels for one more day which cost us $450 dollars because we booked it on spot same day and then we booked a car which was $580 dollars plus fuel that costed us $100 dollars. My boyfriend drove us from Vegas to Mesa-Phoenix airport which was 5 hour drive. It was so stressful and depressing experience for us. We had to go through a lot on this trip. Even we reached Bellingham at 9pm, it took us another 3 hours to reach home as there was huge lineup at the border. Please be aware before you book flight from this airline. We had the worst and stressful experience. We will never book from this airline again."
"Verified Review | I was very disappointed at Allegiant and Austin-Bergstrom Airport after taking flight 1337 from Austin to Cincinnati Sunday night. There was no mention by Allegiant, warning passengers that the airline was now flying out of the 'South Terminal'. The terminal was a long drive from the main terminal, and anyone not arriving in plenty of time could have easily missed the shuttle from the main terminal to the 'south 40' where Allegiant now departs and arrives. This terminal is primitive at best. There are no jetways; you walk out on the tarmac to the aircraft, then climb a long set of incline ramps to get into the plane. Not fun in Texas 90-100 degree heat; I can only imagine what that would be like in a rainstorm! Any passenger flying Allegiant out of Austin should be warned in advance via your website, email or text message that the airline is now using a remote terminal with very limited facilities. I have taken three flights on Allegiant. On all three flights, the seats do not recline. They barely have padding. Allegiant should warn their potential passengers that their aircraft lack even the most minimum comforts. There is no free beverage service; not even a glass of water. There is no WiFi, or any type of entertainment. Bring a pillow and blanket if you need one, and be ready to sit in the same position for the duration of your flight. The only thing this airline has going for it is price."
"Verified Review | Another Friday night ruined by Allegiant Air. At 7am I got a text saying my flight from Chattanooga to Tampa was delayed from 4.45 until 5.54. I arrived at the airport at 5, only to get a text from Allegiant saying it was delayed until 8.30pm. Nevermind the plans I had at my destination, this happens every time. I will never fly with Allegiant ever again."
"Verified Review | I advise anyone who is thinking about traveling with Allegiant to spend the extra $40 to get on a flight with a competing airline. Our flight from Vegas to Reno was delayed 5 hours eith no estimated time of arrival, there are no gate agents to be found at the podiums to ask questions, communication with the passengers is poor. After being delayed and boarding the plane we had to wait another hour sitting on the plane while they looked at a maintenance issue unfortunately we had to get off and the flight was canceled, the airline offered a hotel for the night but did not provide transportation to the hotel. The voucher was an $8 meal ticket that could only be used at the airport but unfortunately it was 10pm at night and all of the restaurants in the airport had closed. Although it's not the staff's fault the flight was delayed they handled the situation poorly. Gate agents are nowhere to be found and do not inform customers on the situation. Please please do not travel with Allegiant, the crew and staff are very unprofessional and the planes are always have maintenance issues."
"Verified Review | Flew from Fresno to Las Vegas and we were delayed over two hours due to a computer reset, they said (but not until we boarded was this explained) and then had to get someone to sign off on it and go through all the check points. Some people had to rebook flights as they were connecting out of Vegas and were missing those connections. Well, we figured this could happen to any airline. However, on the way back the exact same thing happened! That was preceded by an announced gate change from Gate B-6 to Gate A-16, except there is no gate A-16 and we were left to scramble with other passengers trying to figure out where in the heck we were supposed to be, although our electronic boarding passes did eventually get properly updated. That was the third gate change they announced for different flights in the three hours we waited. I've never experienced that with any other airline. When it was time to board, the loud speaker did not work so those of us who paid for priority boarding heard nothing unless you were standing next to the guy speaking. And boarding was a full hour before the flight was supposed to be able to take off. Without word-of-mouth few priority boarders would have made it. But there was no rush because we were delayed once again due to \"computer malfunction\" and another reinspection checklist. We sat on the tarmac for an hour and 40 minutes. Once the plane started it was very slow getting moving, we lost the A/C - 110 in Vegas! - and the exhaust smell was overwhelming because they left the doors open too long. The upshot was the crew was very pleasant to us but they looked harried and exhausted themselves. I'm sure they must be sick of this as I now know delays are normal with Allegiant. The low price that drew us in was anything but after all the added fees. Our $100 tickets each were $260 each when all was said and done. We won't be flying Allegiant again. There is much that needs to be fixed at Allegiant."
"Verified Review | I was apprehensive to begin with to fly Allegiant from Lexington to Myrtle Beach because of all the mixed reviews, but my family and I took a chance. While in line to check our bags, I received a text saying the flight would be delayed until 3:35 (was scheduled to leave at 1:09). I was not surprised, as I had been warned that that were notorious for delays. However, after getting through the gate, we received text after text delaying the flight for another hour and a half. There were problems with the engine from a return flight - supposedly from a bird getting sucked into it. Long story short, we finally boarded our plane around 6pm. As we got on the plane, the lights were flickering and it smelled strongly of gas. They seated us all and within about 15 minutes, had everyone get back off the plane due to auxiliary power issues. When we got back inside, we had to wait another couple of hours for maintenance to arrive, and thank goodness the problem was fixed and we finally made it to Myrtle Beach after being at the airport all day, 7 hours after scheduled flight time. I will say though, once we were in the air, there were no problems. The return flight was on schedule with no problems. I will not fly Allegiant again. We missed the first day of our beach vacation sitting at the airport all day. We did each get a $50 voucher to Allegiant for all the troubles, but no thanks. Will not use them again."
"Verified Review | As we were about to depart Punta Gorda to Columbus with all passengers in their seats for 45 min, we're told there's a \"maintenance issue\" that has been addressed but needs signed off on to \"keep the FAA happy\". Being told the same message 3 times, we're finally told to leave the plane because the issue was worse than expected. The pilot said that they'd do something to get us home today, and after another 30 min wait we're told that there will be a \"special plane\" sent to get us first thing in the morning. No offers for any alternative. Everyone was angry, as expected, and when asked when asked what accommodations will be, their customer service shrugged their shoulders and said we could \"go find a hotel or wait it out\". No offer for hotel vouchers, meal vouchers, or rental cars. I found a flight 3 hours later out of an airport 40 miles away on a competing airline and was laughed at when asking them to get me a ticket. I am going to have a serious issue now not being able to get to my office tomorrow. I've just been updated that the 6am \"special flight\" is now pushed to 1:15. Their best offer was $100 on their terrible airline for my next trip with them. I declined."
"Verified Review | Oklahoma to Las Vegas. Delay, delay, delay and lost a full say of our 3 day trip to Vegas! Stayed in airport overnight with a full flight of other travelers! Lost money & vacation time then felt terrible the 1st day to do anything at all from being at airport all night! Had to pay for a Vegas hotel that we didn't even get to sleep in! They have more excuses, same thing on return flight! Get your act together Allegiant. The Allegiant plane next to us, had to board, reboard 3x, broken down planes, over heated planes, had to sit in final plane 4 hrs waiting for all crew/pilot to get there from other places because Pilot timed out his hours."
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant Air Asheville to Baltimore. Dreadful service. They cancelled the flight after all of us had arrived at the airport, and then kept people waiting for a long time to get a hotel voucher. Their explanation for flight cancellation? \"Maintenance\". The flight left the next day without incident and more or less on time. I've traveled Allegiant before and never had such a dreadful experience."
"Verified Review | Please don't think it is worth flying Allegiant even if you got your ticket for dirt cheap like I did. It's not worth it. Flights will be cancelled - not just delayed but cancelled. But they won't be cancelled within a timely manner. You'll arrive to the gate before you get word of anything. First, they'll keep you hanging on to false hope that maybe your flight is only delayed, as they notify you in 30 minute increments to wait 30 more minutes several times over. After several hours of waiting only then will you be told that no, in fact, the flight is cancelled. As in - go home, find somewhere to stay tonight, and come back in a day or two to try again and that isn't even a guarantee. Actually, count yourself lucky if your flight is only delayed by 5 or 6 hours. Getting to your correct destination and on time is equivalent to winning the lottery."
"Verified Review | Allegiant is the worst airline I have experienced. We travelled from Las Vegas to Fresno, and that was declared delayed by 3 hours and when we got on the flight, the flight attendants were joking over the intercom and not really giving a damn about the passengers. Never knew how long the flight was because they kept saying the wrong thing and then laughing on the intercom. Doesn't go down well. Then we go on our returning trip; they turn up 20 minutes late at the check-in desk. Signs for check in are the wrong place so people were getting confused. Get to the gate and minutes before boarding they announce the flight is 2 hours late. That is after 20 minutes of people getting confused because the sign at the gate changed to Denver. I honestly hope people read this post, refuse to use their service and not use them."
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant from Fresno to Las Vegas. The worst airline experience I've had, driving would have been a better option! 3 hours delayed on the way out and now 2.5 hours (and counting) delayed on the way back, with very little notice given on the delay. Regarding the flight itself, the staff made mistakes over the tannoy and openly laughed about it."
"Verified Review | Absolutely horrible from Oklahoma City to Destin - we will never fly Allegiant again! On our way to Panama City, they delayed the flight two hours. We are driving from Tulsa at this point so we continue on. We get there, wait hours until the flight and they cancel it 45 minutes before. We then have to go find all our luggage (we have 3 families, 12 of us). And decide to rent a car to just drive to Panama City. Then we barely hear over the intercom after an hour of figuring out rental cars the flight gets put back on. We arrive in Florida around 11:30pm. On our way home we arrive on time, then We're stuck on runway because there is another Allegiant plane loading passages on our gate. Babies screaming. The flight attendant keeps yelling over the Intercom to not let babies get passed off to relatives. Horrible. Never again and everything costs money - even water."
"Verified Review | I will state never fly this airline again after the horrific experience we had this week. We booked a trip with Allegiant to fly from Ogdensburg NY (near our home town of Ottawa, Ontario) to Orlando but it's actually Sanford which is about 45 minutes from the Orlando International Airport and north of the city. Our departure flight was late due to heavy air traffic in the Orlando area; delay of 90 minutes. There is no car rental agency at all in Ogdensburg, so if you happen to get stuck there, you're out of luck! On June 10, we arrived back at the Sanford Airport, having dropped off our rental, and entered Terminal B to check in for our return flight on June 11. It was a clear day. We were greeted by an airport person that advised up before even entering the check-in line that our flight had been cancelled, and we would need to go to Terminal A (?). Once we walked all the way over there, we were in a line with all the other passengers from the flight. Two employees were at the counter. It took us over an hour to reach the front only to be told the flight was not rescheduled and we could fly home on Wednesday! No offers of anything other than a voucher to fly again with Allegiant for the missed flight; not the total. All this resulted in us having to book another car; drive to Orlando; book a JetBlue flight at $1000 to Syracuse; rent another car in Syracuse; drive to Ogdensburg to pick up our car, then back to Watertown to drop off the 3rd rental of that day and drive home; arriving in Ottawa at 6:00 a.m. the following day! With flights and cars, the added cost was $1500! So much for a $69 airfare to Sanford! I could have flown business class from Ottawa on a major airline for less than it ended up costing us to fly Allegiant. I have tried several times to call the number listed on a slip of paper the airport employee handed us after our hour-long wait. I would caution anyone this is even remotely thinking of traveling with this airline to think twice. a major airline, you would be flying into and out of major airports where other airlines would be available, and partner airlines possibly available to help you get home. With Allegiant, they fly into 'fringe' airports that only cater to just them or them and a few other charter airlines (as in Sanford). They cancelled their flight with absolutely no explanation to passengers, and no rescheduling. Speaking with other passengers, this is a frequent occurrence with this airline."
"Verified Review | Do not fly with Allegiant Air. Our original flight from Cincinnati to Myrtle Beach was delayed almost 4 hrs and now our return flight home is delayed. We have a 1 and 3 year old with us which makes this experience even worse. The customer service is the absolutely poor. Lady at the desk says that the reason for the flight delay this time is due to bad weather in Cincinnati, which is strange because my husband is in Cincinnati and says the weather is 83 and sunny. One of the airport workers told me to never fly Allegiant because they have flight delays every day because they don't have enough planes to accommodate the flights they schedule. I don't think I would be as annoyed if I hadn't had issues with Allegiant in the past. Do not waste your money."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Moline. We arrived at the airport 2.5 hours early. My wife and I have 5 kids and pre checked in the night before. We had a stroller and a car seat so we could not use the express kiosk. We had to wait in line for 2 hours just to check our bags. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 7:15. My wife, my five kids and I rush through security and got to our gate in time before the flight left. We are just now taking off and it is 8:23. Very poor process and experience thus far. I would recommend if it is fiscally an option to spend extra money to use a different company. This has been a horrible, frustrating, and exhausting experience. Mistakes happen, I get it. Hopefully someone from the company reads this and treats this as a learning experience and look to grow from it."
"Verified Review | Worst airline I had to deal with. We (my wife and I) planned a 7-day trip to Grand Canyon. The flight from Santa Rosa, CA to Las Vegas (flight 569 from Santa Rosa to Las Vegas) seemed to be very convenient. No need to drive to San Francisco, inexpensive. We arranged everything: we booked a round trip flight with Allegiant, a car rental From Las Vegas airport, a week stay at the hotel in Flagstaff, some prepaid excursions. So we were waiting for boarding at the airport, hearing that the boarding starts in a few minutes again and again. Then we got a message that the flight was delayed for an hour. About an hour later, it was announced that the flight was canceled (without rebooking) for technical reason. We were not offered any option to have our flight rebooked with Allegiant or any other airline even we were ready to fly from any another other (San Francisco or Oakland) Bay Area airport. We have so many things scheduled (and paid for) already. We were told: \"go to SFO or OAK and try to book another flight by yourself\". We only got two $150 vouchers that we could use with Allegiant Air. Those vouchers are worthless since we are not going to fly with this airline. Never again! Money paid for the reservation for the roundtrip with the airline is supposed to be refunded (including car rental). At least Allegiant Air customer service representative told us so. It is still too early to confirm if we get all the money we paid during our booking with Allegiant. It may take a few day to confirm if we got our money back. But what about all other expenses? A week worth of taken vacation time, the hotel reservation that was too late to cancel, pre-booked excursions. I am not even talking about small things like driving to airport, paying for parking. Any normal airline would at least pay cash for \"inconvenience\" and would rebook a flight with another airline, pay for the hotel. As I said earlier we would be OK with driving to San Francisco or Oakland and fly from there. No company have the right to treat its customers like this. The company is supposed to be responsible for their poor service and for the \"lost\" customer’s time and money."
"Verified Review | I didn't think an airline could be worse than Spirit. Then I flew Allegiant from Las Vegas to Kansas City. I paid $10 for boarding passes to be printed at the airport, then was told by Allegiant staff at the airport that I would need to download the app anyway because they would not print them. I had also booked two tickets, but the seats were placed in different rows, even though the rows we were seated in were not full. The airline refused to change the tickets to accommodate. For most airlines that is an automatic. Then, when boarding, flight staff tried to force us to put our carryons under the seat, saying only pre-paid carryons were allowed in the overhead. I had pre-paid for my carryons but they told me without even asking. Overall, horrible customer service. I am writing this before takeoff. Who knows what additional issues will happen in flight."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Knoxville. I will never fly this airline again. I was supposed to fly into Knoxville from Ft lauderdale a week ago but the flight was cancelled after wasting the whole day in the airport. We boarded the plane and was then informed by the captain that there were \"air conditioning\" problems with the plane, however I don't buy it. They then had us deplane and cancelled it. It would have been nice if allegiant could have brought in another plane to get people to their destination because of mechanical problems but of course they did not and left us all stranded. Allegiant air made up for the cancelled flight and put me on the same flight today but to no surprise the flight was delayed almost 3 hours. Seats are not comfortable at all (there is what seems like a metal bar in the seat where your mid back lies), plane is hot, offered nothing but water. The only good thing about this airline is the price but I am more than willing next time to spend a little extra instead of dealing with this nonsense airline again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Des Moines. Cancellation was notified 5 minutes before shuttle arrived to take us to airport, and was advised next flight out was Sunday, which was 4 days later, they didn't care if one was stranded! Our only option was to drive 24hrs back to Iowa. Will never fly Allegiant again, and advise that unless you have another way back from your destination you shouldn't either."
"Verified Review | Newark to McGhee Tyson. Unfortunately, extremely terrible overall experience. The booking itself was weird, went through many companies, everyone taking their share, Allegiant cancelled my flight 3 hours before and no one there to provide direction. I have a quadriplegic son at home and it was necessary for me to get back home ASAP, but no one to give any direction. The answer from Allegiant rep at airport was \"you can drive 2 hours to the next airport, but I do not know whether you can get a flight from there. What a help! More than that, worst customer service you can even imagine. Regarding the cancelled flight, yesterday, I was on the customer line waiting for response for more than 2 hours, and no answer. Right now, I am again on the line, but still waiting. I will not recommend this airline to any one."
"Verified Review | Originally flew Allegiant Air from Pasco to Las Vegas June 2, 2017. Flight was delayed an hour, wasn't notified. Catching my flight back to Pasco June 5, 2017 and arrived in time and right as the boarding time came along, received a text. Saying that the flight was delayed another hour. It is very frustrating to have cab's set up and rides set up and have to rearrange everything last minute do to Allegiant's planes needing \"mechanical work\""
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Orlando Sanford. I must stress the poor quality of staff, equipment and dependability of Allegiant Air. we reluctantly tried this airline because of the seemingly low fares. Our initial flight from Pittsburgh, PA on 5/25/17 was delayed 4 hours with no appearant reason, at the airport several passengers that flew this airline before stated they will delay a flight that is not full to double up passengers on the next later flight that day. Seats and inside of the plane were beyond bad and were like sitting on boards at best. Staff was less than friendly at best. Getting past this less than pleasurable part of our trip we ventured to Orlando Sanford Airport from our Daytona home on 6/4/17 for an early first flight of the morning 7:30 am to return home. A few moments after boarding was to have already began I received an E Mail from the airline with two 100.00 vouchers while wondering why they were sent we notice a while later the flight crew leaving the gate area, we assumed a gate change but to our surprise they cancelled the flight without explanation and seemed to care less about any passengers travels or inconveniences. We were told to head to another terminal for food and hotel vouchers that were another horrible excuse for customer service. We knew now what the vouchers were for, they new ahead of time the flight was cancelling and notified no one, the flight was rebooked for for 6/5/17 at 7pm. The food voucher for 2 entire days was 8.00 per per person."
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant Air from Cleveland to Orlando Sanford. No greeting by any of the staff on the plane when boarding and landing. The only communication was asking to purchase a beverage and a 10 minute sales pitch to the entire plane on applying for their credit card. The plane was not clean and the seats were very hard and uncomfortable. The boarding process to and from our destination was long. Our return flight was just as unfriendly as coming down. The only difference was the speech for your credit card was half as long. Again, no greeting boarding or exiting the plane. I understand its a low cost flight but they charge for everything. The check in of $40 is crazy. We paid the $15 to carry a bag on and was limited to bag and my purse. Then you play for your seat, again I get it because that's how you keep costs down. But, to pay $10 for a boarding pass its a bit excessive. I printed from home and luckily the hotel allowed us or we would have been screwed to pay more. No coffee on the plane. We could pay at $2 though. The seats were like sitting on wood. I'm very disappointed and honestly would rather pay a little bit more and not deal with all of this. When its all said and done, your costs are not as low in comparison to other airlines."
"Verified Review | I flew recently on Allegiant Air from Cincinnati to Baltimore Washington. I did online check in and everything ahead of time as I am traveling with 2 kids. I stopped at the ticket counter just to drop my checked baggage. My flight was at 7.30 am and I was at the counter at 6.20 am to drop my checked baggage The receptionist at Allegiant air at CVG airport said boarding closed for that flight at 6.15 am, so she can not take my checked baggage. I asked there is 75 mimutes to the flight, boarding supposed to be closed 45 minutes before, why 75 minutes early, she said I dont know. Then the staff from the next counter came and said to her boarding for that flight is not closed until 6.45 am that means I still have 25 minutes. If the other receptionist won't come and correct her what should have happen. It's very annoying what she did to me when I am traveling with two kids, she is not helpful and she is very rude to us."
"Unverified | Las Vegas to Fresno. Got to the airport early due to hotel check out. Would not let me stand by for earlier flight even though seats are available. Would not let me check my bags and go sit in airport club to get work done. Making me sit in the ticketing area for 4 hours before being able to check in when no other airline does this. Their ticketing agents are rude. Their phone customer service is rude. And their overall customer service and policies are severely lacking in treating their customers right. Their customers pay their salaries. Their canned speeches at the end of a flight about having a choice of airlines to fly and they are glad you chose theirs and they hope to see you on a future flight is ridiculous. But they are right. I do have a choice of airlines to fly and I will spend more money or drive great distances to never fly Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air are the worst airline I've flown with. They loaded us onto our already delayed (by one hour) flight from Las Vegas to Colorado Springs, just to have us sit there for over two hours, when they would come over the loud speaker to inform us of updates. All they would say is that it was due to \"paperwork\". For the first whole hour of waiting, there was no air conditioning provided (mind you we were in Las Vegas so it was hot). They finally gave us Air Conditioning and offered us \"complimentary cups of water\". Absolutely unnaceptable! Not only did we have to sit on the small plane for over two hours but we were not offered anything besides water the whole time or to compensate for our time waited. I am flying with my 3 year old daughter and she had to sit there for this whole time during dinner time, we weren't able to even get off the plane to get her food. The whole situation is completely ridiculous and I will never fly Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | This was perhaps the worst flight of my life. Trust me they are cheap in many ways. Operating from a very small airport in Idaho Falls, they delayed my flight by 1 hr 30 mins. I hadn't a connector from Las Vegas from the other terminal. The inflight attendants and people at gate were rude and did not pass the message that I wouldn't be late for the connector. When I contacted their customers care it took forever to connect and somebody went it's not their job to see whether the connector was made or not. Upon saying I would lodge a complaint the lady went \"we don't care about those\". I wonder with that attitude how are the things still in business. For the record, while I write this review I am waiting in the boarding area for the return flight to Idaho Falls - and it's late by 2 hrs. Till now I have experienced the usual \"we dont care\" attitude. I am trying to be as reserved as possible when I'm reviewing this. It's worse than that. I have had better experience with the worst bus services. Their app is the worst as well. I believe they don't be understand the concept of updates because you'll probably be stranded at the gates and receive the update after you reach your destination"
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Missoula. We got a text an hour before our flight saying that it would be 45 minutes late. Now it is 3 hours later and two planes scheduled to land after us have left. No updates or reason why we are late. Unexceptional service is to say the least. The lady on the telecomm keeps forgetting to say which flight she is referring to so everyone is confused."
"Verified Review | Our flight was cancelled and moved to next afternoon after a safety issue that the crew did not notice until a customer pointed out. He was joking about it, but eventually it led to a cancelled flight and setbacks for many. Allegiant believes that their offer of $100 voucher for next time is an appropriate way to handle the situation. I disagree. I like many other customers will end up eating the cost of a day lost that we were supposed to be in Las Vegas and Allegiant offers poor customer support and solutions that I would call satisfactory. While I understand that a safety issue is not a foreseen event, I do not believe Allegiant offered anything close to the value of the costs eaten beyond anything booked through Allegiant. It is frustrating that Allegiant believes that they offered great customer support when indeed they did not."
"Verified Review | Baltimore-Washington to Asheville. The flight was delayed multiple times from 8:41pm-10:20pm, and once we finally boarded the filthy plane, we sat on the jet way for an hour, where we were then told that we we had \"dangerously low\" hydraulic fluid levels, and we would need to return to the gate. We did not receive another update for at least 15 minutes, and when we did, the pilot was not sure if we would be able to complete the flight-- maybe, probably, and stuttering occurred, all very reassuring. We took off at approximately 1:15 am to arrive to Asheville, NC around 3am. The flight attendants ran out of water on the plane (we were on it for 5 hours). Once we arrived the people that were force to gate check their luggage seemed to be the last ones standing - oh because they didn't see the luggage. Thank goodness for one employee who was very helpful and went back on the plane and got everyone's luggage. Allegiant did email everyone a $25 voucher for future flights, but I do not think anyone on that flight will ever fly allegiant again!"
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Fort Lauderdale. As I entered the aircraft and found my seat I was told by a flight attendant who was standing across from my seat to place my carry on bag under the seat. I had a carry on bag and a personal bag. I told her that carry on which I paid extra for is too big to go under the seat and should go in the compartment above. She said there is no room above my seat. I quickly scanned the upper compartments and saw right there lots of empty space in the compartment above other seats. I place my bag there and made my way to my seat. Than I heard the flight attendant making comments about me with another passenger. She didn't even try to hide it. It was rude and unprofessional and made me feel very uncomfortable."
"Verified Review | Delayed 4 hours out of Casper to Las Vegas we didn't get into Vegas until 130. Now we are trying to return from Vegas to Casper and once again delayed because we have no crew. Totally unprofessional - they say they have low prices but nickel and dime for everything from luggage to picking your seat. Ridiculous. Would caution you or at least give a heads up that this is an awful airline to deal with."
"Verified Review | Worst airline ever. We expected a quick flight down to Florida with Allegiant Air and back. What we got was a disaster. Our 9.00pm flight got cancelled after waiting until nearly midnight because of a mechanical problem. Flight the next day managed to be on time. On the flight back, we were already delayed about an hour from weather (not the airlines fault there), but about to take off and had to head back to gate because of yet another mechanical issue. Lovely. With all the negotiating of the airports and dealing with this horrible airline, we could have driven down and back for about the same time and paid way less than these \"discount\" tickets. If you're considering this airline because they're cheap, just don't. You get what you pay for. Subpar aircraft that appear to not be well maintained."
"Verified Review | In almost 10 years of choosing Allegiant Air, I have never once had a flight depart or arrive on time. my grandmother is 80 years old and we had to send her from Asheville to Punta Gorda by herself as we all live in FL. Her flight was delayed 3 hours. She did not get home until Midnight. This was not the first time I have been disgusted by Allegiants day to day operations but this the first time I wrote a review. Their airplane interiors are very cheap. The flights are cheap because every area of normal airline service is completely absent. Terrible airline unless you are broke and desperate. I would fly Delta 10 times over before I got on another Allegiant flight."
"Verified Review | Oakland to Eugene. I have never been more frustrated with the lack of customer service that I have experienced with Allegiant. I have sent multiple messages and tried calling multiple times, and have been unable to reach anyone. In March I had to fly from Oakland to Eugene due to my sister being in hospital. After arriving at the airport my flight was delayed. Then again. Then again. Eventually, after sitting in the airport for hours, it was canceled and I was told I would be receiving a small credit and the possibility (not guarantee) of a flight out the next day. The credit was not even enough for a full trip. Not only was my time wasted, but I then had to buy a last minute flight from SFO in order to make it to Oregon. It also meant that my ~$65 ride to the airport was for nothing. I had to pay for my new flight out. I had to pay to then get from the Oakland airport to the SF airport during rush hour. My family who had already driven two hours to pick me up at the Eugene airprot had to turn around and then drive 4hrs during rush hour to get to the Portland airport where I would now be flying into. And since I had now been at airports nearly all day I had to pay expensive prices for airport food. I have emailed and called numerous times and have never gotten in touch with anyone. I occasionally get emails back saying they will respond in 60 days. It has now been two months and my complaints haven't even been addressed. To top it off, I can't even access the credit I was promised."
"Verified Review | Yesterday while flying with my young daughter from Arizona to Great Falls we encountered a less than pleasant and accommodating flight attendant. My daughter, who is 9, were split up initially and my daughter became quite anxious and tearful about not being able to sit with me during the flight. However, after realizing there were multiple open seats I kindly asked if it would be possible to relocate so my daughter and I could sit together. The flight attendant appeared rude and annoyed when replying saying it was an inconvinience as she was counting passengers yet had just accommodated a fellow passenger who requested a window seat. After very reluctantly allowing my daughter and I to move one row up to be together she proceeded to tell us to \"hurry up or get back to your original seat\". She then tossed my sweater at me which I had left back in my original seat. This was a very disheartening and disappointing experience to say the least. I understand flight attendants have requirements to complete (ie: counting passengers prior to departure) however I feel we were mistreated. Customer service should be a priority. I will not be flying with Allegiant Air in the future."
"Verified Review | Dayton to Tampa with Allegiant Air. Flight delayed for an hour and then canceled. Flight was rescheduled for 24 hours later! Had to book from a different city with terrible problems due to family flying also! Customer service not willing to help or even care!"
"Verified Review | Columbus to Punta Gorda. These were the worst flights I have experienced. The seats are so close together and are hard. We are seniors and my husband was in pain through both flights. The employees are great and flights were on time, but we would never fly Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | Stockton to Las Vegas. We flew out Friday April 7th and our flight was delayed 3 hours. I have never had an unexplained delay happen to me for this long. Onboard the plane as they are serving drinks they spilled on my friend's lap. The flight attendant said sorry, but didn't offer to grab her a napkin for it, until my friend spoke up about it. The flight attendant was rude in handling the spill and then proceeded to not take my friend's order. I had a ginger ale and the same flight attendant told me I had to finish it and stood there waiting for me with a scowl on her face. I understand finishing your drink before landing, but 2 more times another flight attendant walked by asking for trash after that, so there wasn't any urgency. She was by far the rudest flight attendant I have ever experienced. The price is not worth the delay or unpleasantness of the flight. I will be flying any other airline in the future."
"Unverified | Ogdensburg to Fort Lauderdale. Still in the airport after three delays. We were scheduled to leave at 9:50 am. They tell us our plane has mechanical problems and they are going to try to fix it. In the meantime another planes arrives that is scheduled to pick up people and go to Orlando. So they take our luggage off our broken plane and put it on this plane . But of course the people originally scheduled to go on this new plane to Orlando are bumped and are to have to wait for our original plane to be fixed. Just as we are to load on the plane they announce that it also is broken. We are all now sitting in the terminal double stacked looking at another 90 minute delay - they now tell us they are looking into getting two new planes. No food or drink in the terminal, not a great start to our four day holiday."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Richmond. They boarded us for our 8am flight. Then deboarded us for technical issues. Then delayed us until 11:40. Then told us the flight was cancelled and would be flying out the next day at 2:30. I had to work the next day and cannot miss work. So I had to book a flight with JetBlue for $600. All Allegiant Air did for my inconvenience was refund me and give me a $100 voucher. This screw up on their end cost me two Ubers ($40 each), my whole Easter spent in airports, and an extra $320 to get on the JetBlue flight. A total loss of $400 plus a whole day of Easter in airports and all they could do is give me a voucher for $100. I have never heard of a 32 hour delay. This is ridiculous! I will never fly this airline again. Spend the extra money and fly with a better airline. Their cheap fares are not worth the headache."
"Verified Review | Chicago Rockford to Las Vegas. Not a bad flight for the price and the Rockford airport is much easier to navigate than O'Hare but frankly when I book the tickets together we should be sat together. I should not have to pay extra to sit next to my husband, especially when there were seats available. Shady technique to get extra money from us!"
"Verified Review | Knoxville to Fort Lauderdale. It was delayed due to a worker from the airport dropping jet fuel right outside of the plane. Nothing was wrong with our plane we just had to wait for it to be cleaned up. However, that took almost two hours with no air on a small confined aircraft with over 100 people. Not once did allegiant offer a drink or snack while we waited and the two men sitting next to me were in the wrong seats and the flight attendant acted like it didn't matter. The flight attendants were rude, and not once offered a drink or snack as we all sat there and sweated. Then, once we finally do get to our destination we have to sit there for another 45 min because they can't get the door open! Awful. I've flown with Allegiant multiple times but this flight was terrible. Very disappointed. I don't expect to have tv or free food on your flight, however I do expect to get a free snack if we are delayed that long and flight attendants don't inform you on anything. Neither did our pilot. We sat there for almost an entire hour before the pilot even informed us on what was going on."
"Verified Review | Our first experience with Allegiant was June 2016. We had booked a weekend away to Clearwater for my husbands birthday weekend. The morning of our flight, we got a text that the flight had been cancelled. Took hours to get through to Allegiant. Received no explanation as to why it was cancelled and an alternate flight was not offered. They did refund our money but we lost a lot of money and time on previously booked excursions and meals. Not to mention my husbands birthday was ruined! They did also give us a voucher towards another flight, which we reluctantly used this past weekend. This past Friday March, 31, 2017, we were to fly out of Wilkes-Barre to St. Petersburg. Our flight was delayed by over 2 hours. Once finally on the plane we were stopped on the runway due to a mechanical issue with fear that we would not even be able to take off. Nearly 2 and a half hours past initial departure time we were finally cleared after they got the mechanical issue fixed. Now to think we are on a plane for the next 2 hours, a plane that just had an issue and couldn't take off. Once in flight, the pilot came over the speaker to tell everyone he apologized for the inconveniences and that the flight was almost cancelled as there was no pilot to fly the plane. Said he came in on his day off to fly it. The plane was dirty and had a terrible odor on it. Was afraid to touch anything. The bathroom was just disgusting. Smelt horrible and had mold near and around the sink and toilet. The only thing Allegiant had going for them was the staff. They were all friendly and helpful. I would not recommend this company to anyone! Not to mention once you add in all the fees for baggage and to pick a seat so you'r guaranteed to sit with your family, this company is not any cheaper than a real company like Delta or United! You don't even get a complimentary drink, you pay for a soda or water."
"Verified Review | Niagara Falls to Sanford with Allegiant Air. 8.30pm flight delayed for mechanical issues. Had us de-board the plane, wait for 3 hrs to then tell us we would be given vouchers for taxi and hotel and rescheduled our flight for 3.30pm the next day. The handling of the vouchers was a mess, there were 4 Allegiant staff members behind the counter - 1 of which was sitting down eating pizza. Instead of working efficiently by dividing up the stack of vouchers amongst them, they had 1 person call out names 1 by 1 of every individual on the plane while the other staff members just watched. In general, the staff lacked professionalism, compassion, and competency. To make matters worse, there was only 1 taxi that would accept the voucher. When I notified the Allegiant staff, I was told with a condescending tone that I could just walk to the hotel if I did not feel like waiting. At this time it was 1.30am and 34 degrees outside. The following day was not much improvement. The staff were sluggish and unconcerned. The bottom line, if your only option is to fly Allegiant Air, my advice is to rent a car and drive."
"Verified Review | Mesa to Provo. First and last attempt at flying this airline. They cancelled our flight 30 minutes after we were supposed to board. Was it for weather? No. Was it for mechanical problems? No. Was it because they didn't even have a flight crew? They had a plane, but apparently no one to fly it. So, a trip I've had planned for quite a while, took time off work and made multiple plans ... ruined. (My twelve-year-old son, not happy.). I am writing this review due to the complete lack of respect the frontline people showed the passengers in this crisis who just had their flight cancelled. They were very short and rude to the passengers in fothe not of me in line to the point that I simply got out of line and left. Allegiant Air has failed miserably to train their frontline people how to act in these situations. My money was ultimately returned, but only after about an hour of phone time and a dropped call (they hung up on me while on hold). I will never do this again."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale. Made the mistake of thinking Allegiant would be cheaper. After paying over $200 in baggage fees, and standing in a ridiculously long line at the ticket counter, with absolutely no staff in sight for over an hour, the worst customer service I have ever experienced, I wouldn't call it a bargain. I will never fly this airline again regardless of how cheap they appear at first."
"Unverified | I booked with Allegiant. I was to fly out at 5:30 pm. Planned to leave for the airport at 2:30 to be there at 3:30. At 11:30 I received an odd email giving me an Allegiant air voucher. Then 15 minutes later I get the email that my flight has been canceled. Being last minute I had to end up paying 4x the amount to book a flight with another airline. In addition I ended up getting to my destination over two hours later. I then tried calling customer service because I did not want a voucher and each time I called (a total of 3 or 4 times in the next 3 days) it said there was over a 30 minute wait time on the phone. On the last call I waited the time and spoke with a representative finally. She suggested I email the airline so I did. I then got an email back thanking me for my email and even though the subject line stated \"they will be in touch soon\" the email stated that it could take 60 days for a response. It has been ten days so far and no response yet."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Indianapolis with Allegiant Air. What an unorganized company. Our gate was changed 3 times in 25 minutes. The flight time (both ways) was changed 3 times. How do you run a company with this kind of schedule changes? What about customers that had connecting flights? It's obvious that is not important. They charge for everything. The plane was dirty. The counter staff were cold and non-customer oriented. I could go on but since this will be my first and last experience with Allegiant, it is moot."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Stockton. Ticketing is cheap, $5 for a boarding pass? $18 for a carry on, $18 for the 1st checked bag only if you pay online before the flight. Seats are very cramped. Window seat we got was next to the engine so you get a headache 5 minutes in. Selecting your seat is $8 extra. Soda is $2 and they won't let you bring a soda on board. Never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Worst trip ever with this airline! Upon us arriving early for our flight we were informed that the flight was initially delayed for 3 hrs. We checked our bags and decided to leave the airport until two hrs before the delayed time. I received an alert on my phone saying my flight was rescheduled for the next day. No explanation, just a text. I later received a call from someone stating the flight was \"rescheduled\" and when could I come and get my luggage. I informed the customer service rep that I had to rely on someone else for transportation since I had already turned in my rental car. They stated ok. I received two more calls from the rep stating that I could come and get my luggage within 10 minutes or come at 8.30pm when someone returned to the ticket counter. I went back at 8.10pm awaiting the arrival of a customer service rep. No one ever came. I waited for over an hour only to finally get in contact with an employee who stated that I would have to get my luggage the next day because no one was returning to the airport that night! This airline has no consideration for their customers. Even though their prices are inexpensive you pay for it in customer service quality and care."
"Verified Review | First time flying Allegiant Air from Trenton, NJ to St. Petersburg Fl. The flight attendants are rude, the seats are very uncomfortable, the tray tables are half the normal size. Flight was delayed without any explanation. When I asked the flight attendant when does she expect us to land in St. Petersburg, her response was depends when we take off. I asked when does she expect us to take off, she said depends on how fast we board. But once we take off the flight time was 2 hours and 38 minutes. My only reason for asking was for me to coordinate my pickup ride at the airport and since they did not update the flight status on line or texting it was completely unknown. No consideration and complete lack of customer focus. Last time I checked being curtious did not cost anything extra. Also if you want water it will cost you 2 dollars."
"Verified Review | Without a doubt the worst experience of my life flying with Allegiant Air. I have travelled with all airlines from around the world both domestic and international. No airline has been 7 hours late, not updated their website even hours before the flight to advise their passengers. They admitted they knew the day before the flight from Bellingham to Las Vegas would be delayed but never thought to inform their paid customers. Even further they have a flight departing from the same airport to the same destination leaving on time 3 hours after our originally scheduled time and arriving on time yet our flight is to be told we will arrive 6.5 hours later than them. This is one of many consistent delays and problems this airline does to its customers. Spend the extra 100 dollars and fly with anyone except Allegiant Air."
"Verified Review | This is just one of many unsatisfactory experiences on Allegiant. We are on our return flight to Phoenix from Oakland, CA. Were first informed of a delay 2 hours prior to scheduled departure. The delay was increased 3 separate times until eventually a 7 hour delay. Instead of accommodating our flight with an earlier plane, (plenty of empty planes on the ground in Mesa,) Allegiant does what it does best - mess their customers around, making them wait so they can save a buck. A $50 voucher doesn't come close to compensating."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Fayetteville. Absolutely the worst airline. I have flown Allegiant three times and each time I hoped my experience was a fluke, but unfortunately they are just the worst. I would like to say you just get what you pay for, but when you include foods and bags they cost the same as any other airline. This last flight they lost they place in line to depart because they took too long to board. We were delayed over 2 hours for a 2.5 hour flight and were not allowed to leave the plane to get water or food."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas, Nevada to Bozeman, Montana. Disappointment is the only word to describe this. My flight has switched to four different gates! In which two planes had mechanical problems after they had just landed. I'm sitting in the airport and have been waiting for three hours, they said \"we will board at 8:00 pm. If the plane is fixed\" - If! \"We don't really know what's going on\". I would not be worried if I knew that Allegiant would pay for a hotel if it never gets fixed, but everyone says they won't. So far I have seen my own two planes broken down today but also a third plane for the company. The airline might be cheap but cheap quality comes with that."
"Verified Review | Hagerstown to St Pete Clearwater. Allegiant delayed the flight 3 hours before it was scheduled to depart then issued me a credit voucher instead of a refund and refused to pay for the hotel I had to stay in overnight in addition to the one I booked in Tampa for my vacation. Customer service takes at least 30 minutes of being on hold to get in touch with and when you do talk to them they're totally useless. I'm rating one because a zero won't let me submit it. Save yourself the hassle and go with any other airline there is."
"Verified Review | Rockford to Punta Gorda. 3 hours before leaving for the airport to head to FLA for a long planned winter vacation, I get a text from Allegiant, \"Your flight has been cancelled!\". No explanation and weather good at both departure and arrival airports. After looking at reviews and talking with others, there seems to be a common trend of this airline just cancelling flights. Think twice before booking with Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Reno to Las Vegas. By far the worst airline I have flown. I arrived at the airport 1 hour and 30 minutes before my flight was scheduled to take off. When I arrived I asked women to check my back which would've been 30 dollars or so. She then proceeds to tell me they are about to close the gates and that I need to leave and run to my gate. So she refuses to check my bag. I arrive at the gate at about 12:30. 1 hour before my flight is schedule to take off and at the time they were to begin the initial boarding process. The lady at the desk rudely says so I assume your Crystal and the reason we haven't taken flight yet. They then proceed to tell me next time I better arrive early and charge me 50.00 to have one carry-on bag for a 45 minute flight. Do not recommend them at all."
"Verified Review | My flights each way (from New Orleans to Raleigh) were delayed for maintenance issues. The numerous Fees charged exceeded cost of flight. Will not use Allegiant Air again even though it is a direct flight. I thought this would be a good alternative but without time or money saved, better off flying a trusted brand."
"Verified Review | Ogden to Phoenix Mesa. I have nothing positive to say. This airline caused me to miss my grandmother's funeral due to lack of appropriate planning and communication on their part. After a whole day spent at the airport, being told the plane would be leaving at 1, then 3, then 4.30, then 6. What was originally supposed to be a 10:25 am departure, ended up in a wasted day, tears, and heartache. In the end, I ended up not going at all because I had already missed the funeral that started at 5pm. They refunded my money and gave me a $50 voucher for another time. To me, this does not even begin to make up for the heartache and stress they caused me and my family today. I am so severely disappointed in how this airline handled the issue. They didn't update the flight info, they waited for hours to update anyone and they were only offering flight vouchers but no refunds. They only refunded me due to the severity of my situation."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Indianapolis. This was my first experience with Allegiant Airlines. Like many others, I was enticed by the so called \"low airfares\". Soon thereafter I realized that it was all a facade. I had already paid $25 to check a bag and was told I had to pay an extra $50 because my luggage was 5 pounds over the weight limit. So in essence I paid $75 to check one bag. This is absolutely ridiculous! The lady at the ticket counter showed no sympathy whatsoever as she responded in her robotic, uncaring voice. When I got on the plane I realized you have to pay for any snacks-$3 for a small box of M&M's! At one point in the trip, the flight attendant whacked my knee cap quite hard with his service cart, hard enough to make me scream out. He asked if I was all right but continued rolling the cart down the aisle, not even waiting to hear my response. Nor did he even come back and apologize or ask if I was doing OK. And the button to recline my seat was absent, so I remained upright the whole three hours of flight time. I would not recommend this airline to any of my family or friends."
"Verified Review | Concord to New Orleans return. If you are use to flying with a reliable airline this company is not for you. Sure. The flights are cheap. If you are okay with poor customer service, uncomfortable seats, and cancellations that leave you stranded, this airline is for you. After four days in New Orleans our return flight was cancelled. We were told the flight would be rescheduled for the following day but they couldn't confirm when that would flight would depart. After speaking with a customer service representative who stated \" I don't know what you want us to do\" when I asked about a hotel compensation. I was thoroughly disappointed. Needless to say $316 later (out of pocket) a rental car and ten hours later. My friends and I are almost back home. Oh, and half of us have to return to work in a few hours."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Oakland. This airline was delayed on both routes, and had horrible service. The flight out was delayed 2 hours prior to boarding, then another hour once boarded due to issues \"getting the plane started\". The flight back was delayed due to another delayed flight \"taking our plane\". We had to wait for another flight to land and send us back to our destination. Despite what appears to be a cheap ticket, it's not worth the ridiculous fees or the travel disruption."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Concord. Awful experience. Gross negligence and incompetence. Flight was delayed and rerouted to an alternate city because Allegiant filled the plane with too much fuel. Spent an hour sitting in the plane without moving. Terrible communication and rude flight attendants. There was no reimbursement nor restitution for the 2+ hour inconvenience. Recommend never flying Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Allentown to Orlando Sanford. This is my first time flying Allegiant Air. All I can say is what an unpleasant experience. First off they nickel and dime you for everything. Seats, bags, etc. I booked a hotel through them when I purchased my tickets. I then find out the hotel is over an hour away. To take a shuttle through them it would cost over $200 dollars to get to and from the hotel. Then they offer park passes to Universal Studios. So I purchased them. Well the hotel is in Disney the hotel does offer a shuttle to Universal. This was supposed to be a pleasant trip to help us cope with the anniversary of my daughter's death who passed away a year ago. I thought this would be a good thing. But now we can't even take off from Allentown because the plane has a mechanical problem and now we are delayed for hours. I should have flown with United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Tampa Clearwater to Richmond. Allegiant Air should stop charging people for normal seating. Everyone, naturally, chooses the most inexpensive seats. So I'm sitting in this plane that is half empty and everyone is jammed into the back of the plane!! The entire front half of the plane is empty. You have the stewardess monitoring each persons seats. Once the flight was airborne there was a mass exodus as people were finally allowed to redistribute themselves more comfortably throughput the cabin. This is dangerous and stupid!"
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Oakland with Allegiant Air. Worst service. It will be my first and last to ride on this airline. Spent 6 hours at the airport, flight was rescheduled several times then cancelled at 9:30 PM and rescheduled the next day. Missing my family occasion and work. No meal ticket, no hotel voucher. Staff are not friendly even in the plane. Poor customer service and will not recommend."
"Verified Review | This is my first and last time flying with Allegiant. I booked a flight from Las Vegas to Oakland round trip. First, they hit you with hidden seat fees, bumping the cost up already by a good 12-30 dollars depending on where you want to sit. I got no updates on the 1.5 hour delays of both flights until I checked the Allegiant app. Other airlines typically notify you through email. My flight back to Vegas was cancelled outright as we were all supposed to board. No compensation and the earliest flight they could get was the next day at 5pm. Allegiant workers also informed us that since they do not partner with any airline there was nothing else they could do about the flight. No apologies. Allegiant would be ideal for people who carry no bags and who have flexible travel time, but it's definitely not for people who are used to reliable airlines."
"Verified Review | Stockton to Las Vegas. I book today at 3:23pm for a flight leaving at 4:53pm. I chose an emailed paperless boarding pass. Rules suggest 2 hours early, 45 min for check baggage and 20 min prior to boarding for carry on with boarding pass. I arrived at 4:20pm with no one at the ticket counter. People were still boarding. I was turned away due to \"just an emailed itinerary \" not a boarding pass' told I was too late to do it with an app. I was told I should have come 2 hours early. Why was my flight even allowed to book online if that's the case? To keep my money? Why then did the plane leave 15 min early? No refund or voucher! No answer when called on customer phone. Rediculous! Never try that again."
"Verified Review | Casper, Wyoming to Las Vegas return. Our experience with Allegiant was terrible from start to finish. Our flight was delayed in Casper for nearly 3 hours, and the \"manager\" (I use that term very loosely) was unaware of the delay until informed by passengers on the plane. She was extremely unprofessional, as were the other employees working the check in counter. They were talking loudly amongst themselves, eating and drinking and goofing off while there were people in line, waiting to be checked in. They could barely be bothered to even converse with the customers. After we finally made it through security, this \"manager\" was completely confused as to why everyone was now waiting at the gate. She was sitting in a wheelchair (one that is intended for handicap passengers, as she has no walking impediment) wheeling herself and kicking herself around the terminal in said wheelchair, all the while addressing the passengers and others in the room, making sure we were aware that she was indeed the manager and that she was completely unaware and uninformed about when the plane would arrive and what was causing the delay to begin with. It was then learned amongst the passengers in the room that this \"manager\" had called several of the passengers of the plane and informed them of the delay and then we had an extended wait time because those passengers hadn't arrived yet. Once on the airplane we had a horrible ascent, and descent. Once we arrived at our destination, we arrived 3 hours passed our schedule arrival time. Because of this, our car rental reservation was canceled and we were stranded in Las Vegas with no car and no cell phones. On the return flight, our flight time was moved up by 2 hours without our knowledge and we nearly missed our flight, and after rushing everyone onto the plane, we proceeded to sit on the plane and wait for them to \"fix\" whatever was wrong for the aircraft for the next hour, at which time we now needed more fuel prior to take off. I will never fly with Allegiant ever again. Horrible customer service."
"Verified Review | Phoenix Mesa to Stockton. Terrible, terrible first experience. The airline staff was rude after we found out the airplane couldn't land due to fog in Stockton. They get on the announcer to tell everyone that they will provide water but just some water and if you wanted a bottle you would have to purchase it. No water, no snacks throughout the flight and with the airplane in hold mode in the air for another good hour before flying to next airport to refuel. They go skimpy on water? People were up in the morning at 4am to get to the airport and board at 6am. Not thinking we don't get water or even a snack. It would have been bettter if the lady that made the announcement was a bit more human instead of a person that sounded like they only cared about making a sale. We land a new airport only to be delayed 2 more hours before flying back to Stockton CA. Get back on the plane and staff again (same people) sounded like they dont care anymore. They had to do a head count. 3 members did the count and had different numbers! I guess they couldn't do basic math. How do you mess that up. Its not like anyone got up and did some magic trick to play with them. So we sat on the plane another good 20 mins before take off. Passengers were getting very restless at this point after all the delays. A two hour flight turned into a 8 hour ordeal! I can keep going on and on about them but I wont. Pay the extra 100 bucks and fly right into Sacramento if that is where you're going in the first place."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air canceled our return flight home from Las Vegas to Belleville and was extremely slow to provide updates as to when the next flight out would be. Over 2 hours after the flight was canceled, all they had told us was that the flight would be the next day. No times provided. As for vouchers, they provided an $8 airport food voucher for people to use for both lunch and dinner. $8 at the airport will cover a cup of coffee and maybe a muffin. Thanks, Allegiant. They are also providing overnight accommodation, however they are not willing to help people find other flights. Horrible airline!"
"Verified Review | Flight left gate 13 minutes early, I was at gate 20 minutes early they did not give my refund back but issue me a airline voucher good for one year. I am never going to fly this airline again, I have to rent a car with my family to drive 16 hours from Bellingham WA to Oakland, there are no phone numbers to call no one at checkin counters, no one answers my email. Please pay extra to another airline if you love your life."
"Verified Review | Flew Allegiant Air from Las Vegas to Missoula. In the first place, the flight was delayed to 1pm instead of 8am. The problem is that the employees told me to wait at the wrong gate for the delayed flight to Missoula. When I realized it was the wrong gate, I asked them again if it was the right gate but they told me the flight had just left. Then they started to treat me poorly, they did not seem empathetic at all about the fact that I had missed my flight and even laughed in front of me. This was very upsetting given the fact that I missed my flight entirely because of their mistake. They also failed to help me find another flight until I continually asked for their assistance. They finally found me a flight in another city of Montana which was Great Falls. So, the inconvenience cost me a night in a hotel and transportation to go to Missoula."
"Verified Review | My family (Husband, 15 month old daugher and myself) flew from Kansas City to Las Vegas on 12/22. Our flight attendant was more than rude and unprofessional. We were seated in the first row on the plane. We had bought our 15 month old her own seat so my husband, our daughter and myself had our own space. Our daughter was having trouble adapting to a confined space and was having a meltdown. My husband and I were trying everything we could to help soothe her during our initial taxi. The FA was on a huge power trip. Traveling with a toddler is stressful and not pleasant for anyone. She was lecturing us and talking down to us the entire flight was unnecessary and in poor taste. I was on the verge of tears by the time we landed because she wouldn't stop meddling in our situation. On our way home, we flew from Las Vegas to Rapid City, SD on 12/27. The universe must've been working against us since the same FA was on our return flight. This time my husband was seated in the exit row and my daughter and I were seated catty-corner behind him to his left. During initial prep, the FA had asked the exit row customers the routine \"incase of an emergency\" questions. My husband answered yes, he was willing and able. Half way through our flight my husband and I had traded spots as we switched off entertaining our daughter. One FA stopped at the exit row and told me I would need to pay for the seat if I was going to sit there. I explained to her we had already purchased the seat and were switching for a few minutes. The FA proceeded to make her way back to plane a few minutes after my conversation with the first flight attendant. She told me I wasn't allowed to sit there as she didn't initially brief me. I told her I understood and that I would switch seats with my husband. She returned 2 minutes later and had asked me if we had paid for the seat my daughter was sitting in. I said \"yes.\" I'm upset because as a lead flight attendant, it's her job to know which seats are vacant and half way through a flight she was questioning us. 3 minutes pass and she approaches my husband who is now back in the exit row. She explains to him that she didn't brief him during the initial briefing and that he would need to be reseated. She also mentioned that if something were to happen during the flight and the FAA were to find out she allowed someone to sit there who wasn't briefed, she would be in a lot of trouble. To me, this all sounds again like her problem and again not knowing which seats are paid for and occupied. My husband said he would be reseated. She then proceeded to tell him that he wasn't allowed to move because the seat belt sign was on. So she briefed him while standing there and asked for a verbal confirmation. She then ended the conversation with \"in the future, don't sit in an exit row.\" For the later half of our flight, she 3 times came back to talk to us and made us feel like we were trying to short change the company by stealing seats. She was on a complete power trip and was very unprofessional. In the future, I will pay double the amount of money to fly on a better and classier airline that Allegiant. It's not worth the ridicule and rudeness of their staff."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Cincinnati. Allegiant Air got everyone on board, but before take-off the captain informed us a service light came on which required maintenance. This problem took over an hour to be fixed, the captain gave insufficient updates and let the cabin get extremely hot for long periods of time. Just an overall terrible experience. Flight attendants were not in proper uniform, shirts torn up, not tucked in, one attendant appeared as if they didn't want to give any instructions. Aside from their ridiculous bag fees, this is equally terrible service. If needed pay the extra and avoid Allegiant by all means, especially if you are traveling with children and/or seniors."
"Verified Review | Sanford Orlando to Memphis. We booked a flight and a car through Allegiant Air one week in advance. Flight was over 1 hour late, the plane was nasty inside, lights kept flickering and the intercom didn't work half the time. We had reserved side by side seats, but our plane broke down they gave a substitute plane and separated us! We paid for premium and found our car was booked but not paid for! Enterprise doesn't accept a debit card for a one way rental and they don't take cash. We were stranded at the airport. Everything was shut down. Only a drink machine. I am disabled, so my husband was helping me and managing bags. Called Allegiant Air and was on hold for over 45 minutes. We can't get any money back, they will issue us a voucher. Heaven help you if you choose this company!"
"Verified Review | San Diego to Provo, UT. Allegiant Air is awful! Every time I try and fly this airline it gets delayed, they'll tell you it's delayed 15 minutes, every 15 minutes, for 2 hours, until they eventually just cancel the whole flight. I am so disgusted by how this airline is run and it makes no sense why they would be so disrespectful to their frustrated customers as well. Learn how to run your business and get better employees. If I could give this airline no stars, I would."
"Verified Review | Horrible airline and customer service. Do not fly Allegiant Air. Pay the extra money and fly a dependable, reputable airline. My flight from Los Angeles to Tulsa was delayed three hours, then once landed, sat on the tarmac for an hour because the flight leaving out of Tulsa was delayed (shocking) and there wasn't another gate for Allegiant. Apparently they only have one gate. Cut to - my return flight from Tulsa to LAX. Was \"on time\" until five minutes after the flight was supposed to depart Tulsa, then the monitor changed to \"delayed.\" Once again, for three hours. Once the flight landed in Tulsa, three hours later (our plane to take us back to Los Angeles), they announced that the flight was cancelled and was being rescheduled for the following day. No time of reschedule, no hotel vouchers. Basically, we can do nothing and we really don't care what you do until the flight is rescheduled. Oh, and by the way, go back to baggage claim to pick up your checked bags. Thanks for nothing Allegiant. You most likely lost several customers tonight. Your unreliability is just not worth the headache."
"Verified Review | 2 round trip flights with Allegiant where all four flights have been delayed between 1.5 to 7 hours. My last flight was delayed two hours because they \"had forgotten to fill out some paperwork\". Engine was fine, landing gear was fine, paperwork was the reason all the passengers boarded half an hour late and took off two hours later. I received a notification that my flight had been delayed while I had already been on the aircraft for an hour and a half. After all that, all food was still for purchase only. I was livid, and it would be okay if this was a one time thing. It has now happened on 4/4 flights. They better keep this airline cheap, because that's really the only thing that ever keeps anyone coming back to fly with Allegiant. You get what you pay for, but if you pay just a little bit more, the quality of service is 100x better."
"Verified Review | Punta Gorda to Rickenbacker. Allegiant Air is not family friendly and staff don't seem to know FAA regulations. It started with the gate agent in Punta Gorda who tried to close boarding 30 minutes prior to departure as I was heating my infant's bottle 10 feet from the gate. She threatened to close the door on me and my family, even though it says they don't close boarding until 15 mins prior to departure. She continued to verbally threaten me for the 5 minutes it took to heat the bottle, which still left us boarding 25 mins prior to departure. Once we boarded the plane, a flight attendant tried to tell us that we couldn't have 2 car seats in the same row on the same side of the aisle, even though regulations say you can as long as the adult sits in the aisle seat. They continued to have us move the car seat 2 more times, once across the aisle and then they decided that wasn't good enough so they asked my husband to take one of the car seats to the back of the plane and seperate our family. At this point they were claiming \"weight distribution\". I demanded to sit with my family, and after further insistence, I and my 2 year old were allowed to go sit with my husband and 11 month old in the back of the plane. On a flight at 7:45am on New Year's Day that was 50% empty. It was clear to me that they were simply trying to relegate us to the back of the aircraft, even though on Allegiant you pay more money for better seats that are more forward in the aircraft. And it was also clear that they either have no clue what the FAA regulations are regarding car seats, or were lying to have an excuse to move us, and I'm not sure which is worse. If you're traveling with small children, steer clear."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Billings. Flight delayed 3 times with no updates. Finally get to destination and I have been on the plane now waiting to get to our gate for 52 mins so far. I have a service dog and he has not been able to relieve himself for going on 10 hours now. All because they didn't have a pilot for our flight."
"Verified Review | Me and my wife was to fly out Friday night 12-30-16 on Allegiant Air out of Asheville North Carolina at 7:49pm and we were already checked in on line and was a priority customer with paid seats. On the way to the airport we get an alarm notice that the plane was delayed until 10:00pm. So we went to dinner. At dinner got an another notice the plane was delay until 10:30. Always so many damn delays with this airline. Already checked in we get to the airport in Asheville North Carolina at 9:10pm and now found out the Security Group shuts down at 9pm and unable to get on the plane. I will never fly this airline again. It made be cheap but damn all the delays. My longest delay so far as been 7 hours and others 3 to 4 hours. The planes are very old, seats suck. Went to use the bathroom the panel were held together with tape. So no more flying this airline. I will just pray for the ones that do."
"I write this review as I sit at the gate on Flight 1729 from Grand Rapids to Fort Lauderdale on New Years Eve. The Allegiant Air flight is over 4 hours delayed and still hasn't been cleared to leave due to a mechanical issue. All the flight attendants can offer are water and M&Ms. I have asked every member of the flight crew (including the captain) who to contact about getting reimbursed or a voucher, and all they can point me to is their 1-800 customer service number. It is mindbogoling to me that an airline can get away with not delivering on their service like this. I understand weather-related delays, but this is completely the fault of Allegiant Air and it's airplane. My blood is boiling knowing that I will not be reimbursed a cent for this awful service. I will never fly with them again and would highly recommend to everyone else to avoid them at all costs as well."
"Verified Review | I swore never to fly with Allegiant after experiencing a 3hr delay, stuck on the tarmack with no air conditioning and the staff could not care less. Well got sucked into a \"deal\" only this time we were delayed 5 hours on our departure. On our flight back we received notice that our flight was canceled and we wouldn't depart until the next day. They could do nothing for us but a $100 voucher. Had to spend $600 on different airlines to come home."
"Verified Review | Orlando Sanford to Allentown with Allegiant Air. Not good. Waiting to find out why my flight was cancelled just a few hours before boarding. Weather is clear but I've been in line for an hour and it hasn't moved. I've also been on hold for 23 minutes and counting on ther 'customer service' line and havent talked to anyone yet - Ill leave another review if they redeem themselves from this mess."
"Verified Review | Plattsburg to Orlando. Allegiant Air left me stranded with my 4 month old baby the week of Christmas. My flight home was cancelled two hours before departure and they offered no other flights for 3-5 days. My family had to drive 6 hours away to get my husband home so he wouldn't lose his job, while I had no choice but to wait days for the next flight as he got the very last seat to FL with Allegiant. We couldn't afford another airline and spent our baby's first Christmas with her grandparents. We will not fly with Allegiant Air again."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Tampa Bay. I'm so disappointed with this sorry excuse for an airline, I don't even know where to begin. I'm honestly surprised they are still in business. We got to the airport and there were three desk assistants, only one had the slightest clue as to how to assist customers. The other two just seemed to be there for decoration. The flight was pushed back twice and then finally canceled. Everyone was told to go to the desk to get hotel and food vouchers and rearrange flight. The crew could not tell us where we would be staying for the evening, nor when we would be able to fly out, so we weren't comfortable making our own accommodations in the event it was an early morning departure. We waited and we waited at 11 at night with absolutely no information. When one man demanded some information and voiced the ridiculousness of the situation, they called security on him. Then there were so many people being sent to the same hotel, we had to wait over an hour in line for a shuttle. We were told it was just across the street. We finally took a cab. 38 bucks later, it was not just across the street. When we finally made it to the hotel, it was pandemonium. It was like a scene from the twilight zone. Allegiant, your company and it affiliates are an embarrassment to our consumer driven economy."
"Verified Review | My family and I were supposed to travel from the Phoenix-Mesa to Idaho Falls, Idaho. Our flight was scheduled as On Time and without delays, but after we boarded we were told to disembark because, according to the flight attendant, the de-icer truck in Idaho Falls wasn't working. We waited in the airport for 1.5 hours before we were told to board the plane again. Everyone boarded and waited on the plane an additional 45 minutes until the pilot said the de-icer truck in Idaho Falls still wasn't working. We disembarked again and this time most of the passengers were anxious for a better explanation. An Alegiant worker finally admitted that the de-icer truck in Idaho Falls hadn't been working for a few days and two Allegiant planes were already stranded in Idaho Falls. Many passengers were frustrated, but all the passengers were told to just leave because no one at the airport could answer any questions. There were people who had to get to work the next day and kids were crying because they couldn't spend Christmas with family that night- including my 10 year-old. What I don't understand is, if the de-icer in Idaho Falls hadn't been working and planes were already stranded there, why weren't we notified before we arrived at the airport? Anyway, I called a number an Allegiant worker had written on a small piece of paper and I waited on hold for over 30 minutes before my wife discovered the number I was given was a generic number. Allegiant couldn't even give me a good number to call, so that I could resolve this issue. After hanging up and calling a different number I was ultimately told the next flight was four days away. I argued for a refund and was given that, including a refund of all the nickel and dime charges Allegiant gets you with (at least the refund was a plus). Avoid this airline like the plague unless you can be very flexible with your time and you are willing to put up with inferior customer service in order to save a buck."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Atlanta. The worst flight experience in all of my 48 years! Upon check-in, only one person was able to check people in and the other 3 people were clueless. After finally getting checked in, we headed down to the gate at which point we were told that my son could not fly, as he was an unaccompanied minor and his destination was heavy with fog. No apologies, only \"go back to the ticket counter to rebook a flight.\" The next flight to Georgia is in 3 days! Fine. We took the flight, four days with his dad is better than none. What about his luggage? We were told to wait at luggage carousel 11. An hour after the flight left we got his luggage. According to one of the agents, they were grossly short-staffed so our bag had to sit on the tarmac and wait for one of their available employees to pick it up. Unbelievable."
"My mother and I flew Allegiant Airlines over Christmas 2016 from the Phoenix-Mesa Gateway airport to Las Vegas, and while the check-in process at the Gateway airport was very easy and pleasant, the rest of the experience was far from it. The flight was first delayed from 1.45pm until 6.30pm, and then was delayed yet again around 6.30pm until 7.30pm, but it did not board until 8.30pm. Allegiant staff were rude or would simply ignore the passengers on board the flight, ignored any flight attendant call button requests they received in favor of chatting to one another at the front of the plane, and the plane itself seemed to be ready to fall apart. Furthermore, after so many delays one might expect complimentary water or non-alcoholic beverage service, but none was provided. You would be better off spending the money booking a flight with a reliable, more customer friendly airline."
"Austin to Pittsburgh with Allegiant Air. Where do I even begin? Rude flight attendants, delays for who knows what, finally get aboard and sit around for 45 min. Arrive home 3 hours later than previously scheduled, toilet was dirty, first flight very hot and so many passengers complaining all at once - I see why. No wonder I only fly Southwest when given the choice."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Newark. The initial advertised price does not reflect any available seats. I can buy a ticket but if I want to have a seat it is going to cost extra. They charge $50 per bag (this includes your first bag) to use the overhead bin. The seats were new but did not adjust at all. I understand that they are a bargain basement airline so I wasn't expecting any extras but they still managed to disappoint. Their ticket was advertised about $100 cheaper, ended up being $45 cheaper after their nickel and diming, but in the future I would be willing to pay the $100 premium not to fly with them."
"I will never fly with Allegiant again. I have flown with this airline before and had minimal problems other than uncomfortable seating and delayed boarding and takeoff, until today. I was told that I would not be allowed to board my flight. To my surprise, my flight had a weather advisory that I was never notified about and Allegiant had restrictions on minors flying alone on flights with weather advisories. So, after driving two hours to get to the airport and assuming that my flight would go smoothly because of the notification on my electronic boarding pass that said \"ON TIME,\" my travel plans were completely ruined. The airline was in no way willing to negotiate, we were not even able to sign a waiver. At least 10 people were kicked off of the flight and forced to reschedule or find a completely different flight. Allegiant allowed me to reschedule my flight for four days later, but this was still inconvenient."
"Verified Review | Concord, NC to Orlando/Sanford. I have flown this twice in the past month. As a veteran flyer I can safely say that I have never been more uncomfortable on a flight. The seats on the plane are molded plastic with no capability of reclining, very thin, hard padding and packed so closely that my knees literally touched the seat in front of me the entire flight. I was so uncomfortable that my back started hurting before we even started taxiing. Add to this the constant added charges, checked bags, carry-on bags, selecting your own seat, printing boarding passes etc make it very frustrating to even try to book a flight. Then, they don't even offer a free cup of water on the flight. Any food or drinks are overly expensive and must be paid for by credit card. The attendants, while not rude, weren't exactly pleasant to communicate with. The only good things I can say is the price of the ticket, if you get away without all the extra charges, is very inexpensive, and the location of the terminals is a bit easier to get around in than the larger international airports like Charlotte or Orlando. I usually enjoy air travel, but in this case I definitely make an exception."
"Verified Review | If we purchase tickets together we should be able to sit together. However Allegiant would rather scam you out of more money to change your seat just so you can sit with the people you are vacationing with. I would understand if the tickets were purchased separately, but they were not. The flights were not full so there is no valid reasoning for this other than to scam people out if more money. This is the 2nd bad experience I have had with Allegiant Air and I can't think of any good reason to fly with them again. They advertise to be a cheap flight, which if it wasn't for all the hidden costs would be true. The attendents at the gate were extremely rude when we left Las Vegas. A trip should be relaxing, all of it was except dealing with this airline and their rude attendants. Flight 496 to Des Moines from Vegas 12/9/16. They even try to charge $5 for printing a piece of paper. Last time I went to Vegas my flight got delayed after we were already boarded because we were waiting for one passenger. Said passenger got on, we started to leave and then we had to pull back in just to let her off because she was too intoxicated. This left all passengers on the plane in 105 degree weather for an hour and a half. But yet I cant get a seat next to the person I'm flying with without paying another $100 round trip when they had 40 open seats on the aircraft for our return flight."
"Verified Review | Sanford to Rockford. Terrible, unreliable airline. Boarded our plane nearly an hour late with no explanation, only to sit on the plane for an hour to find out the plane is broken! After deboarding the broken plane (an issue which Allegiant is apparently known for because of older aircraft), we were directed off the plane with no further instruction. Eventually they redirected us to another gate and another plane, which was out of fuel. After further waiting on the runway (this plane didn't even have air conditioning even though we were in Orlando), we eventually left over 2 hours after our planned departure time. They left passengers largely uninformed through the entire debacle, and didn't offer any apology. Would never recommend this airline to anyone who had to get somewhere in any timely manner, and God help you if you have a connecting flight! While waiting to board I met some of the other passengers on my flight who had similar complaints about the airline. No one had any positive feedback on Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air is the worst airline by far. My nephew was to fly home from Los Angeles to Medford. The airline has a policy that under 18 cannot fly if a weather advisory. Knowing this, I asked if I would be notified for an advisory prior to arrival. I checked the flight status prior to leaving and was listed as on time, no email or calls of an advisory. Drove the two hours to LAX and was told due to an advisory that he could not fly, and I could try again in four days. Calling the customer support I was told they could only talk to my nephew because they considered him an adult, and he would have to make reservation changes. Wow, ironic they will not let him fly alone but is responsible enough to make reservation changes."
"Punta Gorda to Asheville with Allegiant Air. This airline is terrible - have flown with them 3 times and will never fly with them again. Cost us more money due to delays, being re-routed, having to rent cars, hotels etc. Staff unfriendly, rude, disheveled looking and lacking in communication. The planes have been dirty inside. They charge you for everything - I will never recommend this airline to anyone."
"Akron to Fort Myers. Allegiant Air cancelled my flight because it chose to cancel service from my local airport. Despite multiple calls and emails, I have been unable to get my fare refunded. I encounter waits of 30 minutes or more each time I call. Terrible customer service."
"First time using Allegiant from Punta Gorda FL. to Asheville NC. Flew out last Friday of October 2016. Nice flight to Asheville. We had planned on return flight 7 days later First Friday of Nov 2016. Because we needed to fly back 2 days earlier we got no refund for our Friday ticket and we both had to purchase 2 new tickets at a cost of double what the Friday ticket cost us. Maybe all airlines do this because of last minute changes? Flight back Wednesday was 1 hour late due to weather in Asheville. It started out to be a good deal for under 300 for 2 people round trip. Well after we had to buy the double priced tickets to get home, we could have flew any airline out there. You live you learn. If you are flying somewhere and want to fly cheap, Don't pick your seat, don't pack a suitcase and save that fee. I might try them again - just got rubbed the wrong way with the early flight back at a 150% extra fee. The staff and crew were very nice."
"Cheap flight, and direct from Austin to Albuquerque with Allegiant Air. Southwest is the only other airline doing that and they are way more expensive. Allegiant is cheap, but their customer service is appalling. Try their phone help and you have a half hour wait at least. Why was I calling customer service? Because I purchased a flexible, refundable fare (upcharge, of course) which I had to then cancel. But my account was not credited and the next time I flew with them the credit was not applied. I don't know if I'll ever see the refund."
"Verified Review | Harrisburg to Orlando/Sanford with Allegiant Air. This is the worst airline I've ever been on. Flight landed over 45 mins ago and we're still waiting on our luggage. They nickel and dime you through the whole process. It cost more for our baggage then it for the tickets. Staff were rude and unfriendly. We will never fly this airline again. I'm sticking with Southwest."
"Verified Review | My family and I were traveling from Orlando to Roanoke with Allegiant Air. We got there 2 hours before takeoff. In total we were waiting at the airport 6 hours. They delayed the flight 3 times in 1 hour increments before finally canceling the flight. No one at the airline had any information about what was happening and some of the workers were just making it up as they went along. The savings are not worth the hassle. I'm hearing from everyone around this area that this happens once a week."
"Verified Review | Tulsa to Las Vegas round trip. Never again will I fly Allegiant. When we returned to Tulsa from Las Vegas we had to sit in the plane on the tarmac for 2.5 hours before they let us off. Something about the plane at the gate had to have a tire changed. In this time they served us a 1/4 cup of nuts and a 1/2 cup of warm water. We sat on the tarmac longer than our flight was. The fares look good at first - until the \"add-ons\" start. Just fly Southwest."
"Flew to Jacksonville, FL from Pittsburgh, PA and then back a few days later. You definitely get what you pay for with this airline. Staff were friendly. Flight down left over an hour late due to a maintenance issue with the flight attendants touch screen TV. During this period passengers couldn't get up. However, the flight crew came and went as they pleased. Plane was extremely dirty. Food crumbs and dirt all over the floors. Flight attendants warned us all to make sure the water was working properly before we used the bathroom. No free drinks or snacks. No wifi or XM to listen to. Flight back was on time. Staff were extremely friendly. This plane was just as dirty as the first one. Even the flight attendants were talking to each other about how dirty these planes were. You definitely get what you pay for with this cheap airline. Save yourself the hassle and spend a few extra dollars to have a clean and comfortable ride."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Plattsburgh. We were stuck with hurricane Matthew while on a ship. They sent us an email telling us that our flights were cancelled and will not be replaced. They promised a credit within 72 hours. Email sent october 4th, no credit yet. Because they are impossible to reach, I booked a flight from where the ship rerouted us (FLL instead of SFB which was the cancelled ticket) while expecting the first flight to be refunded. Dont try to call them ever: I have spent 1h 45 minutes waiting on line without answer. They dont have a toll free number for customer service and when you call their number, it is a loop where I am convinced, no one is at the other end. They charge for everything, which if you calculate, it may end up costing you more that a real airline. The airport and inflight personnel are fine. The flight went well, but putrid, inacceptable service."
"Gates agents very helpful and attentive. Good news stops there, the plane was dirty, several air vents would not shut off. One flight attendant jammed a plastic cup over one that wouldn't shut off and a passenger complained about. The flight attendants were nothing to brag on at all. The youngest one was very rude. It was obvious none of them liked ther job. We flew one way because our American flight canceled and only two options were an American flight 10 hours later and the Allegiant flight. This airline should be the last choice."
"Verified Review | St Petersburg to Syracuse with Allegiant Air. I have been flying for over 40 years regularly and this is by far the worst airline I have ever experienced. They have a direct flight from Syracuse to St Petersburg, after the first couple times of 4 to 6 hour delays we thought we'd give it one more try (the only other non-stop is out of Rochester an hour and a half away). We are currently stuck in St Petersburg Clearwater Airport with another six hour delay. Again the reason was mechanical. The weather is perfect throughout the United States today so they could not use that excuse. We are waiting for a plane from somewhere else to take us to Syracuse. They do not even know where the plane is coming from so we cannot check the status. We are 0 for 4 on round trip bookings! That's 8 delays. Not one delay less than 3 hours! We will drive over an hour to Rochester take Southwest Airlines direct flight to Tampa and return Southwest to Rochester and drive over an hour to home. Inconvenient but makes me feel better that this airline will never get a dime from me again. Also we have been lied to so many times I will never remember them all. Do not book on this airline please."
"Boise to Las Vegas return with Allegiant Air. Without a doubt the worst flights I have ever been on. Boise to Vegas: flight delayed 2 hours. We were not offered refreshments for 2 hours and when finally offered it was only tap water. Vegas to Boise: flight delayed for 5 hours. The only thing we were offered as we waited from 4:20 to 9:30 was some awesome room temperature water and soda. Plus we got an $8 meal voucher. Other airlines may be more expensive, but the extra cost is more than worth the hassle Allegiant will put you through. 7 hours in delays and having to miss work, or $50 extra for a better experience - literally speaks for itself."
"Verified Review | I have flown Allegiant multiple times in the past because they have multiple flights from Sioux Falls, SD (which has limited options of flights as a small city) to large hubs which can get me pretty much anywhere I want to go. Over the last year I have seen a change in the airline and mood of the staff. They have gone from very friendly and customer orientated to more of a second class airline where the customers are treated like cattle. I have felt better about myself and customer service standing at line in McDonalds. They claim they have low rates, but when you actually get through ticket registration they have so many fees they add up to their competitors. I understand they have a bottom line to protect, but I would rather have an airline be upfront and honest with me. For example, I tried to put my personal item (which was a very full backpack, as I had two laptops in there for a business trip) in an overhead bin. I was one of the last ones on the plane and the flight attendant told me I couldn't put it in there as I didn't pay for the storage space and I had to keep it in front of me. Even though there were open spaces and no one else boarding the plane. I will personally never fly this airline again as they are not cheaper than there competitors and they are far less customer orientated than other flights in their price range."
"You get what you pay for. Never again will I fly Allegiant. Checked in online on 7/3 for a 7/4 flight with my 8-year-old son. Got a text at 11:30pm that night that the flight was cancelled. They offered no additional information and it was impossible to get through to anyone on the phone. I finally had to purchase two tickets on Southwest to get home the next day. When they finally rebooked me, it was for a flight late in the day on the 5th so we'd miss 4th of July. Additionally it took them 2.5 hours to provide any kind of flight information - by then I had already spent $800 on rebooking. Never again. Yes, Allegiant is cheaper than any other airline, but there's a reason for that."
"Flew from Rockford to Las Vegas. When American announced that it was getting rid of its MD-80 series planes, I knew it was time for the old jets to go but would miss them. When Allegiant took possession, they took those nice, old style first class seats, along with the rest of the seats, and crammed cheap, flimsy and narrow pieces of plastic where they used to be. Having never flown Allegiant, I was shocked by just how horrible the flight was. Instead of \"if we can make your flight better, let us know,\" the prevailing message was \"our job is to talk down to you,\" as they so politely mentioned how their job was to keep us safe, not comfortable, prior to takeoff, in addition to giving an intercom lecture on alcohol use. Giving a vendor a discount on a few tickets got me to Vegas, but the most important thing was a lesson on how to never fly Allegiant."
"Greenville SC to Clearwater FL. Flight was scheduled to depart at 8:30 pm and arrive at 10pm. Enrolled in text notifications, in the event the flight was delayed. Got to the airport and flight was \"on time\". Before boarding time, was informed from allegiant employee working on the tarmac, that the plane was still in Clearwater and should be departing in 15 minutes. They were hopeful to have us out by 10pm. The great news...you get a\"free\" water, coke or sprite! At 1045 we boarded and we're on our way to florida. The flight arrived at 12:30 a.m. Heading back to Greenville today. Flight scheduled to depart at 6pm. Was informed it would be about 15 minutes late. 15 minutes later was informed it was headed to Orlando to refuel and would be in around 45 minutes later. 5 minutes after that announcement was informed it would be about 2 more hours. I will never fly Allegiant again. This also happened to my daughter in July. Both ways for her as well."
"Indianapolis to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. I tried this airline for a week trip to Las Vegas. The price was good so why not. Just as I was ready to leave for the airport a message pops up on my phone that the plane was delayed 3 hours. I was still at home so just sat back down and watched TV. Second, on the way to the airport I got another message that the plane is further delayed another hour. Since I was most of the way there I just went on and waited in the airport. Finally the plane arrived and I was boarded for the 3.5 hour flight to Las Vegas. A big guy came to sit next to me. These seats are the smallest seats I have ever seen on an airplane. He spread out over his seat and 1/3 of mine. I thought I will just recline and sleep on the way to Vegas. Wrong, the seats don't recline. They are mostly hard plastic and not well padded (I could feel the supports in my back). This was the 3.5 hour flight from hell. I didn't look forward to getting on that plane at the end of the week to get back home. If you want to pick your seat you have to pay $24 each way for that. And if you have more than a personal item they charge you another $45 for a carry on and even more for a checked bag. There is no free drink service on these flights. They charge you for everything. I booked my rental car though the airline when I was purchasing my ticket and paid for it with the ticket. When I picked up the car at the rental company they also charged me $51 for something with no explanation. I could have waited and bought the rental at Las Vegas for what I paid the airline and this extra charge. never again. So, here I am at the end of the week ready to fly back home. I'm at the airport waiting 10 minutes before the boarding time when they tell everyone that there is a 90 minute delay due to a crew member that isn't there. About 60 minutes into this delay they finally start boarding and after everyone has boarded we sit there and sit there another 40 minutes. I asked what we were waiting on and was told the flight crew member was still not there. Finally about after another 10 minutes this girl come strolling on the plane as if nothing is wrong. They finally push the plane away and we leave for the uneventful 3.5 hour flight home."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Honolulu with Allegiant Air. No seats recline on the plane. They charge for carry on. Charge for everything - water, cokes, food, nothing is free. No internet. No movies. How do you have a plane where not one seat reclines on a 5 hour flight? Flight attendants do nothing except try to sell you food and drinks. Will never fly them after this. We asked for wheelchair assistance at end of flight but they had none - another airline helped us and got us that help. Again, how hard can this be when you request it with your tickets? We were lucky that we were on time going. Wish I had read the reviews before and would have paid more for another airline."
"Missoula to Los Angeles with Allegiant Air. I appreciate low fare airlines to a point. That point was reached on my last round trip with Allegiant Air. The flight was fine. The service was fine. The landing was perfection. The only problem is the seat. The seat was something I've never seen on an airplane until now. It was without any doubt the worst designed, uncomfortable \"seat\" I've ever sat in and I'm not overweight. It consisted of a metal shell wrapped in vinyl with a little over 1 inch of padding. The seat itself was no more than 2 inches thick and it was stationary, i.e. did not recline. Because of the minimal padding and it being a preformed metal shell, the seat did not conform to those ranging in various heights. Someone say 5'7 probably \"fit\" better that someone over 6 feet, etc. The back of the seat had no \"pocket\" to put any of your personal items, like reading glasses or a bottle of water. The arm rest was this tiny little arm about 8 inches in length and an inch in width, essentially a joke. In short, you couldn't design something worse if you tried and there's absolutely no way I could last on a cross country flight being tortured in that seat. You would think seat comfort would still be high on the list when deciding to cut services and charge more for everything (including 5 bucks for a boarding pass) in the airline industry today. Think again. I now firmly believe most airlines could care less about customer satisfaction, period."
"This airline is about the worst I have flown. Surprisingly, I have flown them multiple times. Each experience is getting worse and worse. Please do yourselves a favor and reserve with another airline. I have been falsely accused of smoking in the bathroom (turns out it was someone at the back of the plane and in a completely different bathroom). The flight attendants quietly apologized to me and admitted they did not understand the ventilation system on the plane. The apology was quiet, the accusation most defiantly was not. The last three trips have either been delayed by over three hours or cancelled completely. I was informed of the cancelled flight at 1 am. They did not offer a reason or a possible resolution to their error until at least 9 am the next morning. The fix you ask? To fly out 36 hours later. The airline is cheap and has round trips from Grand Rapids to Phoenix with no layovers. That is the only reason I have stayed. That will be my last flight with them. It is also important to point out that all the delays and cancellations are because on airplane issues from landing gears to engine problems. Consider this as well when deciding to choose this airline."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air are the worst airline I have ever flown. Flew from Asheville to Punta Gorda. They charge for everything, even a cup of water. The planes are in poor shape hence the constant reviews about long delays, flight cancellations, etc. Seats are cramped and old. They lost my bag for a hour at Asheville airport after a direct flight. I went to the customer service desk twice and no one would go to look for my bag. Finally when I was irate, the girl ran off and it appeared in two minutes. If you're going strictly to try to save money with no regard to time that can be lost to delays, then enjoy."
"Flew Eugene, Oregon to Mesa, Arizona. Worst airline I have ever travelled on. I have seen and travelled through most of the world, from East to West and this was by far the worst trip. I cannot believe how horrible the service and staff are. Both flights on my round trip were delayed immensely and my return flight was delayed by an hour on the hour for 5 hours before they cancelled my flight. I would never recommend or fly Allegiant Air again."
"The trip from Myrtle to Harrisburg was delayed for over 1 hour. The trip from Harrisburg back to Myrtle that was supposed to leave at 1058 is still delayed - supposedly until they can get a plane here at 3.45 pm. There are no options to transfer to another airline or route. Only excuse is they are a budget airline with no extra resources. I will never fly this airline again and would not recommend them to anyone. They do not save you money they charge for everything even a diet coke. They need to be customer focused and provide reliable service."
"My nieces ages, 13 and 15 were flying back home from Las Vegas to Iowa by themselves after visiting family in Oregon. There was a storm in Iowa so their flight was redirected to south or north Dakota. They were forced to sit on the plane for 5 hours. With no phone, food, or drinks. The flight attendants refused to give them any food or water. Even after they got in the air because they have no complimentary drinks or snacks. Obviously 13 and 15 year olds do not have credit or debit cards, and they do not accept cash. My nieces were starving and thirsty. There is a law that passengers are only allowed to sit on the plane for 2 hours without moving. Five hours is just ridiculous, especially for kids. And then to refuse water and food. Could they really not have made an exception for a couple of kids? Given them a water, or pretzels, something?!"
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Rapid City. Pretty outrageous costs for checked baggage and cabin baggage but I guess I can handle this. The thing that annoyed me was the checkin process. My partner and I had booked flights in the same booking and when proceeding to check in both on the app or at the airport, we were seated separated from each other, unless we paid a fee of $12 USD each to pick a seat. We checked in very early and it would have been easy to just put us together but they wouldn't do it at the counter unless we paid. To me, this is extremely disappointing and terrible customer service."
"Santa Maria to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. Got to the airport around 12:30 pm to get on a flight which was to board at 1:19pm. Plane was put on delay til 4:10pm. Then again, then again. The plane finally showed up around 8 PM. By the time we left it was close to 9pm. Almost 9 hours at the airport. You would think they wouldn't charge for beverages after that on the flight, but they did. They charge for every little thing. Wasted a whole day. I understand occasionally things happen, but from what I understand this is a common thing for Allegiant. Not to mention, the night before our flight going to Santa Maria, not knowing any better I called Allegiant directly to request wheelchairs for my grandparents. After waiting on hold for almost an hour, I was finally connected to someone, who immediately hung up on me before I could utter a word. Terrible airline."
"Springfield to Sanford/Orlando with Allegiant Air. We scheduled a trip right before going back to school for my family and 30 minutes before we left our house for the airport, we got a message our flight had been cancelled. Not delayed, cancelled. With no explanation, we didn't know what was next. So we called Allegiant and waited on the line for 45 minutes. Finally, an unfriendly person answered and said she couldn't tell us if or when the flight would be rescheduled, but that it probably would the next day. Since our trip was already a quick one, that cut it down another day (without even being sure about when we would leave), so we opted for the refund. 9 days later and we still have not received our refund. Tried calling again to ask about the refund and waited on the line 30 minutes and gave up. Their communication is horrible. It is also frustrating because it left us with no time to schedule another trip. They gave us $100 vouchers to fly again, but no viable options to use them before summer break ends. Vouchers will probably go to waste because I'm not sure I want to depend on them again."
"Dayton to Sanford. I booked my tickets via the Internet. One for myself and one for my niece who is five years old. I brought with me her birth certificate, social security card, and a written letter from her parents so that she could board the plane. We went to Allegiants front desk at the Sanford airport and they checked us in, only asking for my ID and no further questions. Next we went through security where they only checked my ID. So I have an unidentified child with me. Not to mention the repeated 5hr delays. I will never recommend this airline. I guess you get what you pay for which isn't much. Do not plan a connecting flight after Allegiant, you will not make it on time."
"I understand that mechanical and weather delays can be a part of the travel experience, but I have flown with Allegiant about 5-6 times and not once have I had a flight that has gotten me to my destination on time, or even close to a timely fashion. This particular experience our flight to Billings from Las Vegas was set to leave at 10.00 am, it was delayed again and again in two hour increments until we finally got word that our flight had been cancelled at around 5.00 pm and had been boarded and deplaned twice. Total lack of communication between everyone and we had similar problems to Vegas. We were lucky compared to others who had to cancel other bookings. Do yourself a favor, spend the extra money on a reliable airline and save yourself all the stress. The flight attendants and pilot were phenomenal thoughout this entire nightmare and seemed to be just as sick of it all as we were, although we did get some snarky remarks from the staff at the desk at our gate after people started comolaining about being deplaned twice."
"Verified Review | We are getting ready to board a flight from Sanford, Florida to Bloomington, IL. We checked in last night & were assigned row 23 with all 3 family members together. When we got to the check-in we noticed that we got bumped back to rows 28 & 29. We mentioned something to the guy at the counter & he said they needed to downgrade us on the plane so all seats got switched around. I mentioned I really hate being in the back of the plane & he let me know it wasnt the back. I mentioned it was three rows from it & (again empathy at its best) well its not the back. He also said we are all still together which we are not. I have a fear of enclosed spaces & being towards the back of the plane. 5 or so rows might not seem like a lot to a ticket agent or being in separate rows but they could at least have a bit more empathy & customer service. Why have early check-in if you are going to move us around anyways?! Not impressed with Allegiant Air at all. As I am writing this post my husband went to talk with the agent at the gate & she was fabulous. We are not all together but I have a seat in row 6 now. Thank you Rebollo & my husband!"
"Allegiant Air from Springfield to Sanford return. Our flight to Florida was fine. Our flight back to Missouri never happened. Flight was scheduled to leave at 9:00 AM. We were at Disney and had a car service picking us up at 5:30 AM. At 2:30 AM we receive a text from Allegiant saying our flight has been cancelled and to call customer service. No other information is given. So, it is 2:30 AM we scramble to cancel our car service which we got charged for. We are at Disney and it is not like you can just stay an extra night. We called 4 times on hold for over 30 minutes each time and never could talk to someone. We had no idea when or if another flight would be scheduled so we ended up booking a flight home with another airline. It was not until 4:00 PM the following day we received an email stating our new flight would be departing at 7:30 pm. They literally gave us 3 hours notice, but never sent boarding passes. Luckily we were already home by now. I finally spoke to customer service at 6:00 pm to notify them we would not be needed our seats and see if I could get a refund. They did not even have us scheduled on the flight! So, we would have gotten to the airport expecting to get a flight home, but nothing. They did refund our fee for our trip back, but nothing else. I will gladly pay higher fees with another airline!"
"Elmira to Orlando. We fly back and forth from Florida to NY several times a year and have learned our lesson the hard way. Forget the money you save, if any. They advertise better prices, but by time you select seats and pay for any and all luggage, you aren't saving anything. Even with \"Trip Flex\" (for an extra $75) for insurance on your flight they will not reimburse your lost expenses even if they cancel the flight. As in previous reviews, cancelations by them are due to \"crew or mechanical\" issues. They offer vouches for future flights, but forget any money back on the trip you have planned now and they limit he time you have to use it, so hope you have lots of vacation time. You also get no reimbursement if you need to change your flight, even within their guidelines, again you get vouchers for money off a future flight. Forget getting ahold of anyone at the call center, minimum wait times on hold are 30 minutes and I've sat on hold for over an hour, about a flight they canceled only to have the call ended...and call back in and wait again. You will also be treated with a an \"oh well, we don't care\" attitude that they have messed up your plans or trip. They've already got your money, and obviously do not care about customer service. We booked over a dozen flights last year between Florida and NY. 3 with Allegiant and the rest another airline. Two of our flights with Allegiant had issues, with them cancelling. One of our flights with another airline had issues due to weather. The more reputable airline bent over backwards to get us on a flight with another airline to make our destination , late but at least the same day, they also negotiated for us to get a decent rate on the last minute flight, actually saving us money, and refunded our money for the complete flight booked with them even though we used the return portion!"
"Verified Review | Their motto should be \"our fares are cheap so we don't care if you enjoy the flight\". This was my first and last experience with Allegiant Air. I booked a one way reservation departing Pittsburgh and arriving at Punta Gorda, scheduled take off at 2:11pm. The online check in advertised as \"skip the lines\" is a joke because you still have to check your luggage at the ticket counter - where two people are staffed to assist a line of 100+ passengers. At 1:15, passengers who had the mobile app received text messages stating that the flight was delayed until 4:40. Passengers who did not have the app were confused because the screens at the gate and the mobile app itself did not reflect the delay. There was no Allegiant Air representative at the gate to provide clarification, so after 2:11 came and went, it was obvious that the delay was legit. At 3:30, an Allegiant air rep arrived at the gate and announced that our plane was due to land at 4:30, and that everybody needed to hurry up and board the plane after the passengers were released. At 4:00 the Allegiant attendant announced for everyone to \"be quiet and listen up\" because the plane was going to be a little later because of \"storms\" - and suggested that we look at weather radar to confirm the weather patterns. The plane landed at 5:00, and we were told that they needed to clean the plane before boarding. At 5:20 they started boarding special needs and priority passengers and told every one else not to get in line until their zone was called. Once they called for zone two, where people had already started lining up, an attendant again reminded us to \"be quiet and listen up\" and then said that we needed to hurry up and start boarding or else the flight would be canceled(?). They also told passengers for the flight to Orlando that was currently posted at our gate, that they needed to go to an alternate gate. A few of us brought it to representatives attention that the posted flight and time for Orlando on the screens were showing that it was departing from our gate, we were told that they didn't have anyone to change the information - so of course people who arrived at the gate after the announcement boarded the plane (oddly, not discovered at the gate by the attendants), and further delayed our take off as they were removed after everyone else was seated. Then at 5:45, the captain apologized for the delay, citing that they had some mechanical problems in Myrtle Beach (weren't the delays caused by \"storms\"? The Allegiant rep even emphasized that we validate the presence of storms on the radar, guess that was a little white lie). Then the captain started yapping something about the fact that if we weren't airborne in exactly 15 minutes, the legal flight hours for the pilots would be exceeded and they would have to cancel the flight. We literally lifted off with one minute to spare, and the cabin actually erupted with passengers clapping and saying how bad this airline was."
"Verified Review | Kalispell to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. Better than my previous trip. Both flights were on time. Flight from Kalispell was actually a charter plane (Sun Country) as Allegiant had no planes available. This meant no beverage or snack service was available on the flight. Return flight was on time and we ran into no issues. I do hate the nickle and dime attitude of the airline (paying for carry on luggage, paying to print a boarding pass etc) but they got me where I was going at the time promised. Plane was reasonably comfortable. Staff friendly enough but could use some customer service training. They preferred to spend time chatting amongst themselves at the front of the plane as opposed to serving passengers."
"Verified Review | Our last 2 flights from Sioux Falls to Las Vegas have been canceled. The first time they told us there was no crew and the 2nd the excuse was mechanical issues. In both situations we couldn't leave until the following day. We were given $100 vouchers which sort of traps you into feeling like need to book with them again to use it but it's not worth it. As already mentioned in several reviews the cost incurred from their totally unreliable service generally exceeds the money you think you are saving when you buy their tickets--even with the $100 voucher. We're out over $600 between our hotel room and show tickets for a show we can't attend now because our rescheduled flight the day after we were supposed to leave doesn't take off until 6pm--if it actually ends up leaving at all. It seems to be a real crap shoot. In talking with others at the airport nearly everyone had stories of being burned by flight cancellations. Allegiant has no concern for the fact they are destroying vacation plans that in most cases people have been looking forward to for months. Bottom line is that Allegiant is a horrible airline that sells you tickets for services they can't provide."
"I flew on Allegiant to Medford Oregon 10 days ago. Got to the airport to go home to phoenix today (July 29) and after and hour of waiting we were told that our flight had been canceled and was not going to be rescheduled. You buy tickets on and airline and cant get back home. Now we are scrambling to find other flights and of course they all cost hundreds of dollars because they are last min. Everything is booked, Allegiant says the soonest they have a flight back home is Friday - 7 days later. What about our jobs, where do we stay, and Allegiant says they are sorry and thats it. They are giving us a refund on our return flight and 150 dollar voucher to fly with them again. No way its costing me 700 dollars to get home. I will never fly Allegiant again. Allegiant has a lot to do if they are going to make it. This has been a very frustrating experience. Found out our plane was being used for another Allegiant flight that was delayed. Guess they just dont care about the people in Medford."
"Albuquerque to Austin. The flight was supposed to leave at 3:50 and didn't get notified until 4:15 that there were maintenance issues and that the flight would be delayed. There were no updates and all further notification was done through text messages. The flight got delayed a few more times until about 6:30 when we were told the flight would be cancelled. All they did was give us business cards to call the customer service hotline. It took 2 hours to get ahold of someone to get my money back. Found out later that there was a power outage on the flight which resulted in a small fire. I do not recommend it."
"Las Vegas to Reno. I am actually unsure of where to start. This was the biggest nightmare ever. I showed up for my flight two hours early. When I got my gate there were upset people everywhere. There were two flights that had been there all day waiting for their plane to board and leave. I was flying to meet my husband in Reno. Our plane was supposed to take of at 6:15. It was 7pm and we hadn't even heard anything yet. When they finally told us something they said our plane was still in Great Falls and should be there in two hours. They gave us all meal vouchers for 8 dollars - everything was closed and seriously 8 dollars? So we waited two hours where they then announced \"The plane still hasn't left due to mechanical issues, we are working very hard to have another plane to get everyone taken care of, please be patient. We have a plan - we just don't know what the plan is yet\". We literally all started laughing. This went on for hours. They would not give us a straight answer on anything. They kept us all there until midnight where they then canceled the flight and said it would fly out the next day but didn't know which time. Also they had already put all our luggage on a broken down plane (why?) so we all had to wait another hour and half to get our check ins off. They offered everyone 300 dollars for a room. No rooms were available at midnight Friday night in Las Vegas. So over 20 people spent the night at the airport. If you live within 60 miles of the airport they don't reimburse you for the hotel and they pay your hotel within 6 months. Also, the plane was so gross they don't clean them before the next flight - I had peanuts at my feet and gum in my magazine."
"McGhee Tyson to Las Vegas. Purchased 2 roundtrip tix back in January 2016 as Allegiant announced new nonstop service from our little airport. Made all our necessary reservations for our vacation including hotels in Las Vegas, Zion Lodge, LaJolla CA and our last night at LAS airport before our flight home. At 2:00 am on the day of our scheduled departure I received a TXT from Allegiant that our flight for that day as well as our return flight a week later had been cancelled. Checked the website sure enough flight says cancelled. No other information, just cancelled. And they only fly on Mondays and Fridays from TYS to LAS so it's not like we have any alternatives. So immediately I begin to think about all of the other reservations I needed to cancel before I get charged for not showing up. 1st night hotel is prepaid non-refundable: $200 lost, next 2 nights at Zion Lodge already past the cancellation deadline by 1 day - $500 lost, La Jolla I lose the first night deposit $300 lost, luckily can cancel by last night at airport. Also cancelled my rental car. So for a cheap flight I lost approximately $1000 in other charges. So much for that exciting \"non-stop\" announcement from TYS-LAS. I would never recommend this airline to anyone because of this. Allegiant - you suckered me once, but that'll be the last time!"
"Verified Review | I have flown Allegiant about 10 times. Each time, the plane has a \"maintenance issue\" and we have been stuck in the plane for several hours while waiting for them to repair or wait for paperwork to document repairs. My last flight from Greensboro to St. Petersburg, we were in the plane for about 5 hours before we were able to take off. They did not allow us to use the restroom or move about the cabin. On my flight home from the same trip, I experienced the exact same thing. Unbelievable. Will never fly Allegiant Air again. 10 flights, 10 delays. Spend the extra money on a real airline. Not worth the savings."
"Horrible first time experience. Our flight from Las Vegas to Sioux Falls, SD was first delayed Sunday, July 24. We were told that we were waiting on the captain. Then they didn't know where he was. After sitting on the plane for 45 min, we all had to exit because the internal temperature of the plane had risen too much and was not safe, supposedly due to all of the bodies on board. Once off the plane, there were rumors it could take 2 hours or more, or possibly not even until the morning, before we were able to leave. Then it was announced it would take 20 minutes to half hour and it should be cooled off enough for us to safely board. After an hour, we were told we could board again. Once we were on and all seated, they told us 1) Some people didn't come back on, so they had to reevaluate for weight, and 2) There wasn't enough fuel to get us to South Dakota, so we had to go to Mesa, Arizona to fuel up. Once in the air, a loud, piercing shrill started up. Damage your ears loud and high pitched. The entire hour to Mesa, AZ. They announced over the loudspeaker that they knew about the noise and would be looking into it once we landed. Once we started descending, the noise stopped. When we landed, they started handing out small cups of complimentary ice water. We asked if we needed to worry about the internal temperature rising again while we waited, since that was the problem in Vegas. We were told by a stewardess that we \"weren't being held hostage, that we could get off at any time, but they couldn't make any promises that we would be able to get back on.\" After a little while, we noticed people taking our baggage off the plane and tossing it onto carts. Turns out we were going to be boarding a different plane anyway, they needed to take ours for a test run to find out the cause of the problem. When we got into the small airport at Mesa, AZ, their little shop with snacks wasn't open. We just assumed it was so they could charge us $3 for M&M's or $5 for a Snack Pack on the flight. Moral of the story, folks, if you want to feel just a little safer while flying and have flight attendants that aren't so rude, don't fly Allegiant. Save up, spend that extra money on a good airline. The seats don't recline, there isn't much leg room, and you pay extra for everything."
"Los Angeles to Tulsa. The flight was cancelled and rescheduled 24 hours later. The airline sent a text at around 1ish am for a 9 something morning flight. I called the airline and was on hold for 40 minutes before I talked to an agent. I was told the flight was cancelled due to mechanical issues. The agent was polite and explained that since they are an independent airline, they cannot put me on another airline so I could get to my final destination (which is what typically happens when a flight is cancelled with other airlines). I tried to make the best of the situation and accepted I was staying in LA one more day. Luckily, I was staying with family, so I didn't spend extra $$ on transportation and lodging. The following day, we boarded the rescheduled flight and ended up getting delayed for almost 2 hours, while we were inside the plane! They had 24 hours to fix the mechanical issues and yet continued to be bombarded with more! The poor flight attendant ended up having to do her \"fasten seatbelt\" shpiel at least 3 times before the plane was fixed and the door was closed. At one point, one Allegiant employee made a joke about \"inflight entertainment\" which no one appreciated! They kept telling us we were taking off in just a few minutes - meanwhile, almost 2 hours later, we hadn't left nor the doors closed!! They gave us vouchers each for the cancelled flight but I will never fly Allegiant again. I thought I was saving money and yet, it cost me one day's worth of lost wages. Should have flown with another airline."
"We spent our 16 wedding anniversary in Las Vegas airport. Being the responsible adults that we are, we arrived 2 hours early for our 2:15 flight from Vegas to Tulsa. Our flight was delayed at least 4 times (I lost count). We were told that the delays were due to a non-functioning external a/c unit that was supposed to keep the plane cool in-between flights. They told us that it ran for at least an hour before anyone noticed the problem. The plane was sitting in Vegas sunlight in 114 degree weather without a/c. In addition to the delays, we experienced 1 aborted take off (plane had physically left the ground, but pilot had to abort and take us back due to an air speed sensor malfunction) after having set on the tarmac for 1.5 hours without a/c. A second boarding during which we set on the tarmac for 2 hours without a/c. While we were sitting in a sweltering plane some of the passengers voiced their frustration. The pilot then got on the speaker and threatened all passengers with an air marshal if we did not keep our opinions to ourselves. This was after he told us all via the speaker that this was \"just one of those nights.\" We started down the runway this time and never even got to attempt take off due to one of the blinds reportedly coming off a window. We were deplaned a 2nd time and told that our flight was cancelled. The staff waiting at the gate informed us at that point that we passengers should begin looking for our own hotel accommodations. They would not assist us in any fashion. Allegiant Air would reimburse us up to $300 for the hotel, and will reportedly reimburse us for transportation to/from the airport. They estimated that we would get out reimbursement in 5-7 days. Keep in mind that this is Vegas, on a weekend and it was now after 11 p.m. We couldn't find a room under $300, so we are now losing $$ through no fault of our own. I also had to cancel our reservation in Tulsa, which was now outside of the \"no penalty/no charge\" window. I spent a lot of time pleading my case not to be charged for a room that we would now be unable to use. For our troubles, we were given $8 meal vouchers and a $100 credit towards future Allegiant Air flights?! $8 doesn't buy a meal at Vegas airport. And we will not be flying with that airline again - that credit is useless. We understand that things happen, but the nonchalant and at times downright rude attitude of their staff just put an even more bitter taste in my mouth. Long story short, I would not recommend Allegiant Air to anyone."
"We were to depart from Tulsa to LAX at 7:20pm, per recommendaion by Allegiant Air, we were there at 5pm. As soon as we reached the terminal, we were informed of an hour delay. No big deal, we could wait. Apparently there was \"aircraft maintenance\" and some planes had to be switched around. Of course, as someone who travels frequently, this is understandable. What's not understandable is how we went through 3 delays, until they finally told us a final departure time at 1:45am. The airline brought in pizza and refreshments, just to settle us down. Then, at midnight, an announcement was made by a very snarky associate who informed us that the flight was completely cancelled. This made us lose 300$ car rental and hotel reservations. So, since the pilots were \"timed out\" they told us to get a hotel if we were more than 15 miles away, because they did not have a certain time for us to come back the next day and said they \"would email us\". We were sprawled around the airport at this time, some of us sleeping, and we came to the counter to ask questions. We still don't know when our flight will happen. We would normally cancel, but this trip is necessary to see family."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Fort Lauderdale with Allegiant Air and I'm stuck at IND. I'm a frequent weekend traveler from Lousville to Fort Lauderdale on Delta or American, I was trying to save around $150 flying Allegiant, but it ended up worthless since this airline always is delayed, going back to major airlines."
"Verified Review | Springfield to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. Departing flight 45 mins late. Departing plane had only one functioning lavatory. Loudest cabins in the airline industry. Return flight delayed 3 hrs and counting due to the plane allegedly having no functioning lavatory. According to the terminal attendant, \"We won't be taking the original plane. They just haven't found another plane yet.\" Nickel and diming the not so savvy traveler with bag fees for every situation imaginable. I'm glad my wife and me educated ourselves about Allegiant's policies beforehand. Don't be a victim. Handful of Wheat Thins - there's a charge for that. If you're going cheap, go Southwest if possible. Work a few more hours to make up the $100-200 cost difference - it's still far and away the better affordable airline."
"Des Moines to Las Vegas. Allegiant Air has cancelled the past 3 consecutive flights. We fly frequently between Las Vegas and Iowa, and are disappointed nearly every time we fly Allegiant. In fact, we are surprised when things actually go smoothly and on-time. We continued to choose them because of their direct flights to smaller Iowa locations, hoping that the service would improve. But when we have to book hotels or postpone plans because of cancelled and delayed flights, that benefit no longer outweighs the negatives. If this had only happened once or twice, I wouldn't bother reviewing this. But between our family and my extended family in Iowa, this is 7 delays or cancelled flights within 2 years and that's beyond acceptable."
"The Allegiant Air flight from Shreveport to Las Vegas was scheduled to depart at 1.30pm cst. After sitting on the plane without air for over an hour the staff provided us with a drink. They were not able to explain what was going on. They allowed us to go back into the airport until they determined what was going on. It is now 4.40pm cst and we are still stuck at the terminal. I tried to reach customer service but I was on hold for over an hour. I will never use this airline again."
"Verified Review | Today is my first experience with Allegiant Air and I was a bit skeptical after reading some other bad reviews before booking my ticket. This morning, our plane took to the runway for an on time departure from St. Petersburg to Bangor, only to have to slam on the brakes on departure due to a mechanical issue. Just what you like to hear. We have now deboarded the plane and have been waiting in the terminal with no information provided. Seats are stiff as boards, with half of the space of other airline economy tickets. This will be my first and last time ever flying Allegiant."
"My flight was cancelled without explanation for Monday July 11, 2016 and no reschedule flight offered. I was on the phone for over an hour trying to talk to someone about flights and other accommodations. Finally someone answered only offered refund for my flight back home and $150 voucher each for me and my companion. No hotel accommodations weren't available. Also I couldn't not fight a flight to get back home not until Thursday or Friday, because flights were all booked. We both already missed a day of work, so I had to book with Allegiant again to fly somewhere else to get me closer to home. So I booked flights to Harrisburg.Pa then rented a car to drive to Niagara airport to get my car that was parked there. Then finally we had to drop renter car in Buffalo Airport and was able to head home afterwards. This was such a stressful experience. I needed to get back home to my kids and work. The other flights like Southwest , AirTran and Jetblue were too much money to book at last minute. I am sorry to say I will not fly with Allegiant Air again !"
"Las Vegas to Bellingham. The worst flying experience of my life. Started off by having flight delayed 2 hours. We had checked in online the day before, thinking we'd just quickly print boarding passes at airport, like you can with basically any other airline. Not so with Allegiant. You have to stand in line forever and pay $5 just to get it. Then our delayed boarding time comes and goes with still no plane and no info provided to us about what's going on. Many people there were there from a cancelled flight the day before. Luckily a plane did finally come after a 4 hour delay. They had overbooked it and so some that thought they had seats didn't. Plane was hot with limited air and we had to wait another hour before we even took off. Terrible experience all the way around."
"MidAmerica St. Louis Airport to St. Pete–Clearwater. I feel like we almost got lucky that our flight delay wasn't worse after reading some other reviews. Our flight to Florida was just fine. It was delayed by 20 minutes, but everything went well. Our flight back was cancelled at liftoff time. While a completely full plane's worth of people waited, we could not locate a single Allegiant employee. There was no one in the entire terminal or on the tarmac. We received a notice by text message that the flight was cancelled, then waited in a huge line to re-book. The phone system didn't work - no human ever answered the call. We finally booked an Allegiant flight to an airport three hours from home, then rented a car. We arrived home 11 hours after our scheduled arrival. We will not fly Allegiant again, unless they get new management and get their act together."
"Elmira NY to Sanford Orlando FL. We use Allegiant Air to fly to Florida for a week long vacation. Worst airline ever. Old aircraft that apparently need constant repairs because both of our flights had 2+ hour delays due to aircraft maintenance issues. This negative review in no way applies to the pilots or staff members. They were all great. They all did their jobs well. It's just that waiting in an airport for over four hours to take a flight is totally unacceptable."
"Was scheduled to fly from Baltimore to Asheville at 5:30, then was delayed to 5:45 - no big deal right? On the way to the airport, I was notified that the plane was then delayed - this time to 10:45. 5 hour delay. Now we are delayed again, to 12:45. I could've driven to and from my destination in the time it's taken to just wait. Completely unacceptable - will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Des Moines to St. Petersburg with Allegiant Air. I endured a 2 day weekend of nothing but delays and an eventual cancellation of flight due to mechanical issues. This wouldn’t have been so bad if I was traveling by myself, but I had a handful of kids in-tow. What good does it do to buy cheap airfare tickets if the airline cannot get one to the destination on time or even in a timely manner? This 2 day delay had a devastating ripple effect throughout my entire 7 day itinerary. It seems that this company can’t keep track of its own pilots. Allegiant flew a different plane in to DSM only to find out that the pilots were out of air time. Here is a working airplane, but no one to fly it. What kills me is that the company is military strict on checked baggage weight, but it asks flyers to open the air vents and click the seatbelts before deplaning. I have strict flying rules too. Make me unload 3 lbs. from my checked luggage into my personal carry-on at the check-in stand (on a return trip no less) and you can click your own seatbelts and close window shades behind me."
"Verified Review | 3rd time I've flown Allegiant. 1st time was delayed 3 hours. Second time was 1 hr. I am at the gate now and flight from St Petersburg FL to Grand Rapids is 1 hour late again. This was the first flight of the day and you would expect it to be ready. It wasnt. Next, they advertise as a budget airline. That is only because they charge you for everything. Boarding passes are $5.00. Water or soda $2.00. The cost of the flight advertised did not include taxes. After all was said and done this flight cost 25% more than standard airplanes and was late in all cases."
"Verified Review | This was by far the worst experience I have had flying. To get started we were delayed 3.5 hours on 7/7/16 to then have our flight cancelled. We were told flight was moved to 8am on 7/8/16. No big deal except when we arrived and went through security at 7am we were told by airport staff Allegiant mechanics had not shown up and our flight crew were nowhere to be found so again we were delayed another 3 hours. You know what Allegiant did to accommodate everyone? Nothing. We got a 100 voucher for their airline but you really think anyone wants to fly with them now. So fast forwarding to 8/10 our 8.20 return flight. We get to the airport to find out all computers are down, luckily I checked in online. So for starters we expected a small delay. So at about 8.35 we get to board to then sit on the plane until 10.15 before they make everyone get off the plane. Again no accommodations. We finally board and leave at 11.20 - another 3 hour delay. I really think Allegiant needs to get it together."
"Our flight from Las Vegas to Honolulun with Allegiant was delayed 4 hours and the airline did not provide a reason for the delay. They provided us with a food voucher for $8.00 which does not buy you much at an airport. We finally left at 10:30 PM and had to fly 6 hours in the middle of the night. We booked this flight because it was cheap and not a true \"red eye\". The seats on the plane were extremely uncomfortable and did not recline even though we paid extra for the seats with extra leg room. The first leg of the trip the extra leg room seats had maybe an extra 6 inches of room. The return flight extra leg room seats had much more leg room but the seats were still very uncomfortable and didn't recline. I would have been okay with the seats on a short flight, but this was a 6 hour flight. We could not sleep at all in these uncomfortable seats. The return flight back from Honolulu was also over an hour late taking off. Also on the return flight, we had to wait an hour for our luggage at the carousel. This all being said, \"you get what you pay for\". Cheap does not equal quality. I will probably never fly with them again, unless I have lots of time and really need to save money."
"The flight on July 1, 2016 from Pittsburgh to St. Pete-Clearwater was fine. It left and arrived on-time. The seats are not very comfortable. They don't recline and there's not much cushioning. Staff were courteous and attentive. Flight #866 from St. Pete-Clearwater to Pittsburgh on July 4th was cancelled. I received a text telling me the flight was cancelled about 12:30 am. But I was asleep and didn't look at the text. I went to the airport thinking it was still on. The lady at the counter just said the flight was cancelled and I was on the flight tomorrow (Tuesday) at 2.40 pm. I tried to ask some questions about what to do or do I get a conformation. She dismissed me. She offered no apology for the inconvenience. She wasn't outright rude, but treated me as if I was not her first priority and should have been someone else's problem. I called the customer service number on the way back home. 32 minutes later the call was lost/disconnected. I tried again, 63 minutes later I actually spoke with someone, she was pleasant. They offered no apologies or explanation. Just a voucher for future travel with Allegiant Air. Not pleased with the whole thing."
"Jacksonville to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air. Over the past several months my flights with this airline have been delayed and in June my flight was cancelled. Allegiant gave everyone a $100 credit. While that's all great, it's horrible to have a cancelled flight with no explanation. Besides the cancelled flight, every single flight has been no less than 30 minutes late. Today my mother is flying to CVG from JAX delayed for 1 hour and then cancelled. Do not fly this airline if you're on a time crunch."
"Verified Review | Our return trip from Richmond to Jacksonville, flight 914 was simply cancelled. No explanation, just an email saying we should be rescheduled for the next day. When you call their number you just sit on hold, after 32 minutes, I hung up and booked through American for a small fortune. Some of us need to get back home and work. I tried calling on my flight up to Richmond a few days earlier and same thing, a ridiculous wait time. This is obviously a business that has no clue about customer service. Allegiant, unacceptable and shame on you."
"Baltimore Washington to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air. Horrible - 3 hours late, plus an hour on the ground once arrived turned a 1.5 hour flight into 5.5 hours. I could have driven from DC to Cincinnati as quickly when you add in the wasted time. Terrible airplane, horrible staff, miserable communication. There is nothing good about Allegiant Air."
"Bloomington to Cincinnati with Allegiant. Just horrible. Waited through a 4 hour delay for a 1.5 hour flight with very slow and limited information. Evidently Allegiant has 1 plane as we waited for the 1 to show up. This is an airline totally unconcerned about their customers showing a poor attitude. Do not use this airline."
"After flying Allegiant from Cincinnati to Destin Florida I thought that nothing was really wrong with this airline. The plane ride to Destin Florida was great. No delays, no problem leaving the runway, the staff was very nice. Going back home was the bad part. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 7.05pm on Saturday, July 1st. The plane pulled in and everyone got their bags ready to board until someone came over the PA system saying there would be a slight delay. So we waited. We played the waiting game from 7pm to 10pm. I was told that a screw was missing from the gully and they wouldn't let us board without that screw. We waited for a maintence guy from VPS to arrive but he never showed up to fix it. So we were told that they were going to cancel the flight and put us in hotels and taxi us there. Negative. Nothing was available within a 30 mile radius from the holiday weekend and we were told we had to find our own hotels. No food was given which was awful because by the time they canceled the flight it was 10.30 and everything was closed in the airport. Most of the passengers slept on the floor for the night because no hotel rooms."
"Verified Review | Orlando Stanford to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air. They delayed my flight for 8 hours then cancelled it. They rescheduled it for the next day but they delayed it the next day. At least it left though. We were packed in like sardines and it was such a miserable flight. I couldn't wait to get off it. I also was unable to sit with my son unless I paid $40 for a seat change so we sat seperatly."
"Allegiant Air flight from Des Moines Iowa to St Petersburg Florida was delayed twice for over three hours. Flight had delayed boarding because we we given a different plane and seat numbers were different. Didn't arrive until 12.30 in the morning. Baggage took over 45 minutes until it was on the baggage carousel, even though they were on going at most 40 yards from the plane."
"Mcallen to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. They constantly cancel or delay flights. Original flight was cancelled 6 hours before departure for operational issues. I rebooked after being on the phone for 2 hours, for 2 days later and this flight was delayed for 3 hours due to personnel issues. Due to the delayed flight we arrived in Vegas at midnight and the hotel only had a small check in staff, because they didn't know about the delayed flight. It took them 2 hours to get people checked in. The hotel gave several small comps but said they couldn't do more because we had booked through Allegiant. Don't recommend them to anyone."
"Cedar Rapids to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. Our flight from Cedar Rapids was canceled and not rescheduled due to a thunderstorm in Las Vegas? Found another flight with Allegiant the next day (on our own, with absolutely no help from Allegiant in Cedar Rapids). Drove to Peoria and this flight has now been grounded for 1 hour due to a 'lavatory backup' on a plane that has been parked here since last night. Why was the plane not cleaned out and prepped last night? We are not happy with the poor planning / maintenance and service. Management should take the courses to learn how to execute proper customer service. Super frustrated with poor quality and poor communication from Allegiant. I spent 1.5 hours on hold last night to try and figure out what to do after my flight from Cedar Rapids was cancelled and not rescheduled."
"Las Vegas to Cedar Rapids with Allegiant Air. Completely incompetent airline. Scheduled to fly out at 3:00 completely cancelled fight at 7:00 because they couldn't find a pilot to fly the plane. Left over a hundred people without any way of getting home, or any compensation for the troubles. Said we could possibly take plane 3 days later if it wasn't full. Said to call for a refund, which took 2 hours of waiting to get through. Same thing happened on the way to Las Vegas, but paid for a cheap hotel to stay overnight. The next morning, their computer was down and took 2 more hours to get through the line. Also called to complain about losing a day vacation that the hotel was going to charge us for. This also took 2 hours to get through. Definitely got what we paid for. Warning do not use this airline."
"St. Petersburg, FL to Richmond, VA with Allegiant Air. Waited without being updated for a couple of hours. Finally passengers started to get updated before the employees even knew that the flight had been cancelled and rescheduled for the following morning. We were told that we would all receive a $100 credit to use in the future. Have yet to see this credit and I've tried to call the airline customer service more than a few times only to be on hold for over an hour each time. I give up. Worst airline ever. My flight on the way to St Petersburg was also cancelled after waiting for at least 5 hours ; rescheduled for the following day. Both ways of this trip. Unreal."
"Verified Review | Initially, my flight to Medford was scheduled for 11.30am, but it kept getting delayed and delayed until 7.00pm. The A319 that was supposed to take us on our vacation to Medford had a mechanical failure, and wouldn't be flying us. The very helpful gate agents said a replacement aircraft (an MD83) would arrive at LAX at 4.00pm. The plane arrived on time, but we weren't allowed to board because, ironically, it needed a mechanical part before it could fly. At 7.00pm, a supervisor announced that the flight was cancelled, wouldn't be rescheduled, and no hotel vouchers would be offered. Families with young children and other travelers, myself included, spent the whole day in LAX's crowded and bland Termanil 3, only to be let down by Allegiant. It's shameful and embarrassing that an airline would leave passengers stranded, without a rescheduled flight or hotel."
"My 1st and 2nd impression of Allegiant Air were beyond awful. Flight from Concord to Clearwater was delayed by 4 hours. No meal tickets, no restaurants in the airport, only snack vending machines. Arrived at our destination at 1.30am. Told us our flight was coming from Kentucky at first, then they ended up coming from somewhere in Florida. Flight from Clearwater to Concord was delayed by 3 hours. This time there was a restaurant, but still no meal tickets or any compensation was given. Arrived home by 11.30pm. Gave our plane away to another flight that apparently had been waiting there for hours as well. A plane came for us finally and they told us we would be boarding soon, but then told us 30-45 minutes later that we couldn't get on that one. Then told us that another plane would come for us from Roanoke. Pilots told us on the plane that they came from Orlando. They also overbooked our flight by 6 and asked for volunteers to not fly back home that day. Offered comps for that. They either seem to lie about what's currently happening or they literally don't know what's happening. I will never fly with Allegiant again. They wasted soo much of my time that it wasn't even worth paying less along with direct flights. I guess I got what I paid for, but they need to seriously evaluate what kind of reputation they are making for themselves."
"Tulsa to Baltimore with Allegiant Air. They boarded our flight to Baltimore but noted an issue with \"condensation\" and had us leave the plane to wait in the boarding area. They kept us informed for a while and then communication stopped. 3 hours after we were meant to depart, the flight was cancelled. They sent us compensation vouchers an hour before the staff told us the flight was cancelled. They rescheduled us for the next day which cut our time with our granddaughter by a day. We confirmed our new flight and then an hour later received a notification that our new flight had been delayed. I have yet to \"fly\" with this airline but if we do make it out of Tulsa it will be a miracle. I have a feeling the vouchers are worthless."
"Verified Review | Boise to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. Flight was delayed two hours, then another two hours, then a whole day! I live two hours away, was already there ready to fly, and had to either go home or get a motel. They did provide a $100 voucher for flying again that I will never use. Would prefer a partial refund, anything else. Can't count on them."
"Verified Review | Delayed Allegiant Air flight from New Orleans to St. Pete–Clearwater. Company loaded everyone onboard, closed and locked the doors, and then announced that they were waiting for a mechanic to fix the plane and that there would be an additional 45 min delay. So we sat in a hot, poorly ventilated plane on the tarmac. Why not get the plane fixed before bording and making 200 people uncomfortable. Why? Because your comfort doesn't matter with this airline. They have cut their prices so thin that they simply follow the pennies for making judgments on customer movement. If you can't afford to fly any other airline then come prepared to be late and uncomfortable. If you can afford it, go elsewhere like me."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Bellingham with Allegiant Air. My flight was delayed twice for a total of 2.5 hours, then finally cancelled. Our bags took almost 2 hours to get to the baggage claim. We received a hotel voucher and transportation but the counter staff was slow with their service and lacked professionalism, especially the manager. All told we wasted over 6 hours of our day. The final reason given was a mechanical malfunction with the air conditioning of the cabin. I see this reason has been posted quite often."
"Rapid City to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. Delayed leaving Rapid to Vegas 1 hour but fairly uneventful getting there. Coming home, an entirely different story. At check in we got a text notifying us of our flight being delayed from 5:30pm to 8:15pm. A flight attendant called in sick but they didn't have another one available in the hub airport of Allegiant? It was annoying but manageable. 8:15pm comes and goes and a replacement attendant is still not here. Finally at 8:45pm we board the plane and sit there. The plane is too heavy. We wait for someone to fix that. It's 104 degrees outside and now the air conditioning system isn't working. We wait for someone to fix that. It's now 100 degrees inside the aircraft and for an hour we wait with no air conditioning, not even moving air. Stifled, sticky, smelly heat. No beverages offered during that time, just good old fashioned, stick to your seat kind of fun. It was my first flight with Allegiant, and will likely be my last. It's just not worth the uncertainty of when you're actually going to get to where you're going, and the condition in which you'll be getting there."
"Asheville to St Petersburg-clearwater with Allegiant Air. Arrived at AVL 2hrs ahead on time and after getting thru TSA we got a text saying flight delayed. Not just slightly but 5Hrs. Did receive a meal voucher and some comp. Late getting into PIE but just beginning our vacation so we gave them the benefit. Return flight was early morning and cancelled. No reason or explanation. Due to the fact my husband and I had to return to work and no other options - last minute we had to rent a car and drive back to AVL. 12hrs. Even with vouchers I am not sure I will ever fly Allegiant again unless they make some serious changes."
"Verified Review | I fly weekly Thursday returning on Sunday. American Airlines increased their rates for summer travel, so I have opted to fly Allegiant to be more cost effective. My flight from Concord to St Pete was delayed. 3.5 hours. Making my arrival at 1.00 am. Because Allegiant does not fly from Concord to Punta Gorda this left me with a 3 hour drive to Southwest Florida or I should say my husband with a six hours drive round trip to pick me up. The flight returning to Concord from St. Pete was delayed again. The 6.15 was delayed until 8.00. At least that's what they are saying at the moment since I'm writing this in real time. No updates were given until 1 hour post our boarding time and they were minimal. A beautiful plane sits on the tarmac with no passengers to board. This should have been our ticket home but the plane was overbooked for the flight because the am flight was cancelled without notice. Or there could be mechanical issues who know because they don't up date you on anything."
"Verified Review | Boise to Los Angeles with Allegiant. Horrible maintenance onboard the aircraft. Always delayed and there is no customer service to talk to or get info from. There is no counter person to answer questions and they will not help you out if your flight is cancelled. No voucher for food or hotels. Do not waste your time or money with them."
"Verified Review | Our flight to Clearwater was supposed to leave at 12.35pm. After many delays the plane finally showed up at 6pm. We lost an entire day of our vacation and no one offered any knowledge as to when the plane would show up. Allegiant flight next to ours going to Jacksonville got cancelled as well. I would not fly this airline again. You may save a little bit but the inconvenience is not worth it, you get what you pay for. Very unhappy along with a lot of others."
"Verified Review | We flew down to St. Petersburg from Scranton with Allegiant because of the low cost and direct flight, but their planes are sub-standard, their cancellations/delays are very common, and their compensation/customer service in response to inconvenience is non-existent. Our return flight was cancelled with no notice. They didn't offer a return flight, nor any compensation to book a flight through another airline. Was on hold for 3 hours. I'm a realist and understand, but to have no customer service when things get cancelled and to have a policy of non-compensation if you book flight with other airline is ridiculous."
"Flew out to St Pete Florida on June 13th and our flight was delayed with very short notice as most people were already at the airport. Today I was to fly home at 7:30 am, we got a call 2 hours before saying the flight will be delayed 3 hours (10:30 am). This means paying double transportation because you have to change your time to be picked up. Then we get to the gate and they say our flight is cancelled because there's not enough room for everyone. This means we paid transportation for nothing and we left our hotel when we could've stayed there another night instead of dealing with the hassle. The airline knew that the flight would be canceled the whole time. Now our flight is reassigned to tomororw at 3:45 pm. We did get a room voucher. Now we are trying to figure out an extended time for dog sitting ect ect. Many people upset and some missing work and weddings. Very sad for those who need to be home for events."
"Verified Review | Both outbound and return flights were cancelled. No rebooking on other airlines \"per Allegiant policy\". No counter service and non-existent phone service. My family scheduled a quick weekend in Orlando and decided to try Allegiant Air (from Fargo) for the first time due to price, and the convenience of the direct flight. I received a text that the flight was cancelled just as we arrived at the Fargo airport. Mind you, they would have known the flight was cancelled long before that because their only in-bound flight would have been coming from Orlando. No reason was offered and we were given a non-toll free number to call where we sat on hold for a half-hour before being disconnected, then tried again and sat on hold for over an hour before we got to talk to somebody. We opted for the refund and purchased a last-minute, expensive ticket on another airline because we did not have calendar flexibility. Turns out that the return Allegiant flight was also cancelled. My advice: don't be tempted by the low prices."
"Tulsa to Baltimore with Allegiant. Delay after delay. Unknown maintenance issues. Their communication about the issues was virtually nonexistent. Just more delays. This not only happened with our flight, but with two others. At one point the gate was filled with travelers from 3 delayed flights. You get what you pay for."
"=They cancelled my flight to St. Pete/Clearwater Florida on the day of travel. Was on hold for over one hour. Once connected to customer care I was told my flight is \"potentially rescheduled\" for tomorrow. And I may be compensated $50 or $100 in a voucher (presumably to book another cancelled flight on this airline). Of course this does not take into consideration lost time at work, an extra day of travel, my pet sitter, or any other arrangements that I have in place. Reason for cancellation \"operational.\" I originally was scheduled to fly out Friday, June 10. For family reasons, I changed the flight to an earlier departure date. Good thing because my original flight was cancelled. Of course I was charged $100+ to change my flight. How will Allegiant compensate me? Perhaps I should charge them!"
"Verified Review | Albuquerque to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. The price was great, but we were extremely disappointed. Delayed on the way there an hour as we waited for paperwork to be signed and on the way back, we boarded the plane on time but the engine would not start. They had us in a hot airplane for about an hour and a half while they tried to figure it out. They finally gave up and we were asked to switch to a different plane which took about 30 minutes. For arrival into ABQ we were put in a holding pattern why the local air show was going on. For 40 minutes we were going in circles with a great amount of turbulence. We got to LAS airport for check-in at 7AM and arrived in ABQ at 3PM. We could have drove and been home in the same amount of time."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Pittsburgh with Allegiant Air. I had to sit in the airport for 7 hours. They kept adding and subtracting time for the wait. I don't understand why a single direct flight needed so many updates. If they had said to me it was a 7 hour delay from the start I would have come to airport later or left and come back. Communication on the status was back and forth to the point where people stopped listening after the 15th or so update."
"Austin to Las Vegas with Allegiant Air. The most unorganized airline I have ever dealt with. To start off we signed up for flight alerts and when we had arrived to the airport 2 hours before our flight we found out it was cancelled. We ended up spending 2 hours waiting in line (as well as on hold on the phone). By the time we got to the front of the queue we were told that there would be a flight for use the next day. We tried to reroute and work through it but customer service was impossible to work with and ended up just writing our name down. They promised they would look into it and call me when they had more information. They never called me. I also sent an email to their support, and it's been 3 days and I haven't heard anything back. In any case, the next day we show up to our flight and they did not reassign the seats, so everyone sat anywhere they wanted which displeased many passengers - myself included. Allegiant Air is not worth the hassle of saving $100. I much would rather have spent the extra money and travelled with better customer service."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air flight from Las Vegas to Boise. Plane had issues, had to wait on the plane for more than one hour before being \"deplaned\". We were told to wait for announcement at the waiting area, but announcement was a member of staff telling us that they had no information and it could be or at least two hours before more information. Avoid this airline, staff do not seem to care about their customers."
"Verified Review | I flew from Phoenix/Mesa Gateway airport, which is more convenient to my house to Ft Wayne, IN,. The seat was fairly uncomfortable for me, it is the newer style of carbon fiber frame and had very thin seat padding. These seats don’t recline at all, the tray tables are smaller than they used to be and you can’t put anything in the seat back other than papers. You used to be able to put a water bottle or other items in the seat pocket, but no more. This airline charges you for everything, so I’m not sure you are really saving much money on Allegiant. Refreshments cost a minimum of $2 for a can of pop. I normally barely pay that for a 12 pack of pop. Their schedule to Ft Wayne is very limited, making it harder to schedule your stay. And they don’t even fly to Ft Wayne at ALL from 8/13 to 11/15. Either you are providing service to the city or not. When the pilots gave announcements, we could not hear what he was saying because he talked so softly. I asked the people sitting in my row if they heard what he said, and they could not hear him either. On the return flight, the cabin temperature became very warm inside. I did ask the flight attendant if she could lower the temp, and apparently she did because it became slightly cooler in the cabin. Also on the return flight, after a short while the pilot turned on the seat belt sign and kept it on the entire way back. There were a few bumpy periods during this time, but not the whole way back. He could have turned it off for some of the time so people could move around a bit. I became very antsy in my seat after about 90-120 min of flight. At least the flight did leave very close to on time and arrived on time. All in all, I will check other airlines before I will schedule Allegiant again."
"Verified Review | Memphis to Jacksonville with Allegiant Air. We normally fly Delta or American, however Allegiant offered a non-stop flight to Jacksonville FL and the air fare was $75 less. We arrived at the airport at 12:30 (2 hours early as per instructions on the boarding pass). Our flight was due to leave Memphis at 2:40pm and we should have arrived in Jacksonville at approx. 5:15pm. We did not arrive in Jacksonville until after 10pm. During our lengthy stay at the airport we learned that 3 flights altogether had been delayed or cancelled and the reason given for all 3 was mechanical problems. Our return trip did not improve our opinion. Our flight was due to leave Jacksonville at 5:15pm. We did not arrive in Memphis until after 10pm and again we were told it was due to mechanical problems, and again during our stay at the airport we learned that there had been other flights that day that had been delayed by hours and hours due to mechanical problems. We will never fly Allegiant again - I would rather have a layover and pay a little bit more."
"Verified Review | This was my 2nd time using Allegiant Air flying from El Paso TX to Las Vegas NV and unless it's my only option for a straight through flight and considerable difference in price, I will not use them again. They charge you extra for everything, there is no customer service, the aircraft is old, loud and uncomfortable."
"Verified Review | St. Pete-Clearwater to Niagara Falls with Allegiant Air. Terrible customer service and unprofessional flight attendants. This airline has no idea what it is doing. Arrived at airport 1.5 hours before departure only to be notified that flight was delayed 30 minutes. Boarded aircraft 1 hour later and then took another half hour to take off. No explanation given. I paid extra money for priority boarding to stow my bag and the flight attendant then moved it back 3 rows. Unless you don't really care when you arrive or how you are treated this is the airline for you. Otherwise be prepared to get what you paid for, bad service, rude employees and total uncertainty on the time you will reach your destination. I for one have learned my lesson and will never fly this airline again."
"Asheville to Orlando with Allegiant Air. First with this airline and the experience there and back was horrible. First flight was delayed several times and we ended up waiting all day in Asheville to have our flight cancelled at 7pm because the pilot had maxed out his fly time. On the trip back to Asheville we experienced similar events. The weather was perfect but still they continued to delay the flight every 30 mins. Currently still waiting at the airport for this flight. We will never fly with them again and I would recommend paying the extra money to get a flight you can depend on."
"Verified Review | Memphis to Jacksonville. Do not fly Allegiant Air unless you are very flexible and have the patience of Job! Flight to Memphis was changed with no notice (same day, five hours later). Called customer service and was told an email was sent day after booking regarding the change in flight times. No email was sent and another customer verified he received the same story when he called. Return flight was delayed and then cancelled. Customer service agents were rude when handing out vouchers for meals and hotel, actually acting like it was an inconvenience for them! Absolutely will not fly this airline again!"
"Verified Review | Indianapolis, Indiana to Punta Gorda. I was stopped with my emotional support dog because my boarding pass said service animal. While at the check in counter I was asked to see my paperwork from my doctor and was given the pass. The problem was I was stopped at the gate by the lady who was scanning all the passes and was asked for my paperwork again and was told that it needed to be changed in the computer there is nothing on your website for emotional support animals. As I was on the verge of tears for being stopped again and showing my paperwork; the lady at the gate was rudely telling a very pregnant women with two little children that their small stuffed animal bag was too big. The lady said that the check in counter told her she was fine. The woman was in tears. It wasn't as much as she had to pay more as she was being treated awful. While she was crying she told another lady with a child that her bag was too big too. That lady also was told at check in hers was fine. She was told that the plane could leave without her. My husband while waiting for me offered to pay for the lady's bag so she could get on the plane. Your employee was rude and disrespectful to these women. I was a nervous wreck just being there and worse after all of this occurred. This employee needs some training classes on how to work with the public and be more compassionate. I fly twice a month with Alligent and everyone is very friendly. This is the first flight that I have experienced that was unfriendly to so many."
"I've been flying with Allegiant Air for the past couple years. My boyfriend lives in Florida and I live in Ohio, so the price that Allegiant offers is very competitive compared to other airlines. I've never been thrilled by my flights with Allegiant (inconvenient times, not a lot of flexibility, fees for bags and reservation changes that add up), but it does have its perks (affordable, small airlines so less security hassle, nonstop flights). However, the past couple of flights we have experienced multiple delays. It seems almost as if this is becoming a signature of Allegiant flights. This past flight was already inconveniently timed to fly out at 8pm and arrive at 10pm (this would be fine if there was a choice, but this was the only time available from LCK). That afternoon, the flight was delayed by 40 minutes. Annoying, but no big deal (I should mention that the airport is an hour away from my final destination, so each delay made the drive to Sarasota more and more inconvenient). Once I was at the airport (arrived early at 5:30, figured I could work on homework or read), I received a text message that the flight was delayed until 9:16pm (there was not an announcement at the airport for a while - only text messages at first). Around 9pm, we received another missive that informed us that the flight would leave at 10:56pm. The workers at the airport were not at the gate for most of this, maybe avoiding angry passengers? There were sporadic announcements to the gates. Long story short, we left at 11:30pm and arrived around 1:30am; I arrived in Sarasota around 2:45am, almost 4 hours later than I had planned. Allegiant never explained to us the reason for such a drastic delay (only made worse by the lateness of the original flight). Was it weather? The flight was flying out of Myrtle Beach and into Ohio. Was it computer issues (they seem to encounter these a lot - which only freaks me out more about the safety of the flights)? Something else? The pilot and flight attendants were all very kind on the flight, and all of the passengers were pretty complacent (no annoying irate passengers to deal with - which I appreciated). However, an explanation would have been nice. Maybe even some free food on the flight to make up for the 3 hour delay! I'm not sure if I'll be flying Allegiant again. Probably I will, because I can't afford to fly anyone else. While there are some good things about Allegiant, I still have many major issues with them. I realize that they are a discount airline and therefore the fees and inconvenient times are necessary. But please be upfront about the reason about delays, and maybe consider a way to make it up to your passengers."
"Greensboro to Sanford with Allegiant Air. Our flight to Orlando was delayed 4 hours. We ended up missing our Carnival cruise leaving from Port Canaveral. When we decided to try to find plane tickets to the Bahamas to meet the ship there, Allegiant offered no help whatsoever. Carnival advised us to get a letter from Allegiant explaining that there were mechanical issues that caused the delay. We talked to several Allegiant staff and no one could print us a letter. Staff acted like they had no clue what we were talking about. We eventually resulted to asking them if they could at least print us some boarding passes with the correct time that we left so we could prove our flight was delayed but they would not do this either. Customer service was not great. In Greensboro, the woman acted like we were inconviencing her when we asked for help. Also, two staff members were cussing and joking around while we were trying to check in our bags. At Sanford, the woman at the desk kept helping other people behind us in line. Overall the professionalism of the company is horrible. I understand that issues and delays happen but the fact that no help was given is unacceptable. The staff kept brushing us off. The staff from American Airlines helped us find tickets to the Bahamas and cared more about our situation and we didn't even fly with them. All Allegiant offered us was an $8 vocher only good for that day to use on food in the airport. Needless to say, we will not be using Allegiant in the future."
"I had flown Allegiant 3 times since October 2015. I thought for the price they were awesome. No you don't get the 4oz of soda, coffee or tea for free when flying with them, but you do save $75 to $100 by not getting that beverage. On April 9th I flew in from Florida to New Hampshire after a 10 day vacation. When I landed in Portsmouth I went right to the baggage claim area to get my luggage. I waited and waited and waited. All the luggage is gone and there are two of us standing there without ours. One of Allegiant employees was there and asked if we got our luggage. Both of us said NO. Employee called someone and said then we were told that one had fallen off the belt and it would be right up. It was the other persons not mine. After waiting a hour or so for employees to search, I was told it was no where is that airport. The employee took me to the counter and started a claim. She was very nice and I was told that I would have it FedEx to me. She said I would probably see it Monday. Well Monday came and went. The next Monday came and went. After 10 days and no news I started writing and calling. I was told they are doing everything they could and would let me know. A week later after not hearing anything I reached out again and asked if they checked Fort Lauderdale or NY. I said NY because when I was checking in my bag the counter person asked if I was going to NY. I said NH! Since that last conversation with Allegiant, I have not heard back from them. They are now ignoring my emails and phone calls. My last message left to them was asking if Luggage falls from plans, but we never hear of it. Still Waiting!! OH YA, they did sent me a email saying they apologized for any inconvenience and would be crediting the bag fee I paid. They are so sweet to refund me the bag fee, they charged me to lose my luggage. Has anyone else ever have this happen?"
"We booked an Allegiant Air flight well in advance from Punta Gorda, FL, to Asheville, NC on May 6 to return on May 16. This trip was planned based on children’s recitals, friends’ travel plans, graduation date, and the Allegiant Airlines limited schedule. On the morning of May 6, our travel day, I received a text message, saying that our flight was cancelled and rescheduled for the next day. When I called Allegiant, the agent would give no reason for the change. The weather in Asheville, Punta Gorda and between was beautiful; most of the east coast was also nice. I believe that the flight was cancelled because there were not enough seats sold. The fact that the flight was rescheduled for the next day would foul our tight schedule that involved driving to several other locations before returning to Asheville. Besides, what would motivate us to trust that Allegiant would fly on the 7th if they weren’t flying on the 6th? They refunded my fare and car rental charges, the minimum they could do and the most that they would do. The result is that two arthritic seniors drove an extra 1400 miles and an extra 24 hours. We put 2700 miles on our car, instead of zero with the rental. This is our third attempted trip on Allegiant, with only one that went as scheduled. The cost savings is not worth the headaches (and backaches). No more!"
"Verified Review | I was supposed to fly with Allegiant Air from Rochester to Sanford for the first time today. A horrible experience from the beginning. Myself and my party of four boarded the plane and after a half an hour we were told the brake pressure was not where it was supposed to be. Everyone was asked to leave the plane and hour by hour we received texts saying our flight was delayed. Finally, from 12 to 5 p.m. an announcer said they were going to cancel the flight. We were given 8 dollars for food that the Rochester airline would accept and the airline refuses to refund our flight or extend it one more. I just graduated college, my traveling time is very limited. I wasted a whole day in the airport and a day of vacation because of mechanical issues that I personally think should have been checked before everyone boarded the plane. I called the customer care line twice and both ladies were rude and not helpful. Horrible experience."
"This is not the first bad experience we have had flying Allegiant. Just another straw on the camels back. These include cancelled flights, poor counter service and rudeness from the counter staff in Idaho Falls, and long delays of flights. This is a review of the customer service quality of the counter personnel at McCarran airport. First off, there is very limited times the counter is open, 3 days a week, from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM. I arrived at 10:45 and waited for 15 minutes for the woman at the counter to check in 1 person, who was already at the counter when I arrived. This spot at the counter was the only one that did not say \"check in\" or \"bag drop\", but only said \"Allegiant Air\". It was apparently was the priority check in line since when I approached the counter I was asked if I was priority check in. I replied no and was informed I had to wait in the long line. I explained I was not checking in, but was there to purchase tickets. She looked at the clock and it was 11:00, so she informed me that she would not sell me a ticket because it was 11:00. NOT EVEN 11:01 Are you kidding me? I wait in line while she takes her sweet time with 1 person and then won't sell me tickets because I am now too late? I guess they don't really need my business after all. If you have a viable alternative, save yourself the hassle, inconvenience, rude employees, delayed and cancelled flights, and hidden fees etc.that nickel and dime you to death so you end up paying almost the same as elsewhere, and use the alternative. Oh, and when I called customer service about this, they would be happy to book my flight over the phone for an extra $13.00 per ticket per leg. No thank you."
"Verified Review | Unprofessional and unreliable. Will not fly this airline again. We have flown Allegiant Airlines several times, but twice in the last month both flights were delayed and then cancelled until the next day with no explanation - weather was not an issue. Many others in line with us after the cancellation said they had several flights with Allegiant cancelled and had to stay overnight as well. Both times the flight was cancelled we stood in line for over an hour to receive a $100 voucher for a future flight. Allegiant has no extra planes to send in so you just have to stay overnight and since our flight was supposed to be at 7.15 am that means hanging out at the hotel all day unless you want to pay to rent a car. Allegiant counter staff were fairly rude and matter of fact - the man behind us had a wife graduating from college that night and was going to have to miss it. Transportation to the airport was disorganized and you had to have a receipt and send it in to get reimbursed. I don't ever post reviews but want to warn others that the discount prices of this airline aren't worth it."
"Allegiant Air flight from Stewart International to St Pete–Clearwater was significantly delayed, causing day flight to be changed to red eye, which would have never been a consideration as we are traveling with a toddler. When we contacted customer service, we were not given any better options, and were denied a refund. We're trying to get to Florida for a wedding, and at this point we will arrive sooner if we were to drive from NY to Florida. Horrible service, no respect for customers."
"We were scheduled to travel Allegiant Air from Las Vegas to Indianapolis early in the morning. We had to arrive at the airport very early. About 1/2 hour before we left our entire flight was cancelled and we were told the flight crew did not show up. They rescheduled the flight for the next day. Most people can not do this as they have limited vacation time and I had to work the next day. All we got was a refund for our flight (which I am still waiting for) and a huge hassle in trying to find another flight to get home. Do they not have backup flight attendants? We should have received a full refund of our flight and money for our time. It cost me money and time, and an exhausting all day trip home, because I had to then go to a different airline, and travel out of the way just to get home. Very disappointing."
"Verified Review | I was flying from MCI to SFB Friday evening 3pm I was at the airport 1pm got a text for delay for 6pm, 7pm, then 8pm, 9pm, 9:30pm, 10pm, 10:30pm and then at 11. I was told it was a mechanical problem then 11pm I was told the captain had exceeded his working hours. It was unbelievable. At 9pm we were offered soda. At 10pm we were offered an $8 dollar food voucher. This was ridiculous because $8 couldn't even cover the cost for sandwich, the voucher so late in the night that food in the fridge was gone. We had to get out of the terminal the only shop that was open a bagel shop and then we had to re-check in with security to come back in. The bagel shop the cashier yelled at us and refused to take the voucher until someone called an Allegiant Air personnel to talk to them. At 11:00pm they finally told use flight was cancelled they would book hotel accommodations. There are over 100 people on this flight so by the time we got our hotel accommodation we were booked the worker said they \"would call the bus\" to come pick us up from the airport to the hotel. Which took another 45 minutes to get us to the hotel by the time we got to hotel it was pass midnight. we were schulded to fly out next day at 10am. I was going to be very smart and beat the crowd and to get my tickets for this flight. I arrived at 6am. Only to find out that the ticket counter didn't open until two hours before the flight. So how the heck were they supposed to check in about 100 passengers onto this flight most people needed tickets printed luggage checked in and be ready by 10 o'clock for take off. I was second in line and flight didn't get started for check in until 8:15am. the captain is sitting at the boarding desk. He is also highly irritated himself trying to explain to us that he was too tired that he had worked his Max hours and could not fly the night before. how the heck is that my problem - 10 am rolls around and no one to help with boarding. I had paid for seats towards the front in row 10 bc of medical issues, but as my medical issues were not life \"threatening\" they told me I had to wait until Zone 5 was called - by the time my zone was called I had to sit in the back of the plane. On my way back we were delayed from 3pm to 7pm. At 6:45 the aircraft had not even arrived and we were supposed to fly out at 7pm."
"Verified Review | Allegiant Air from Eugene to Phoenix. Worst trip I have ever had in my life. Our flight was supposed to leave at 5:02pm. About 15 minutes from the airport I received a text that we were delayed until 5:57. No big deal I thought. About an hour and a half sitting at the airport I received another alert - flight delayed until 10:10pm. The plane was having issues. I'm all about a safe plane and was fine with it. Once finally boarded at 11:00 we were asked to get off of the plane apparently because we had been drinking. After sitting in the airport for about 7 hours we had made friends with all of the other passengers waiting to board. Still have not been given a reason why they took us off the plane. My ailing mom was waiting to pick us up and we never got to see her."
"Scheduled to leave from Owensboro at 7.31pm to Orlando Sanford. We received a text frpom Allegiant Air about 6pm that the flight would be delayed until 9.05pm, so we decided to go eat. Were 45 minutes from the airport. Immediately after ordering dinner we received another text that the flight would leave on time after all (Monday March 28 2016) - so we left our food and drove 80+ mph to the airport. We arrived, parked, got through TSA and immediately received a 3rd text that the flight would be delayed after all. SO we had no dinner, Owensboro Airport has no where to buy food or drinks, so we sat forever waiting, waiting. Then Allegiant decided to delay the flight again via overhead announcement. We arrived in Orlando about midnight finally and got to the hotel at 2.00am. None of this above is taking into account our 79.00 one way fare (which ended up totalling $525.00) for the two of us. Never fly Allegiant Air."
"Not sure where to begin, but while making the two hour drive to Raleigh to catch a afternoon flight to Tampa (Clearwater) Florida, the emails started that the plan was delayed for 40 minutes, several minutes later it was delay another hour and fifteen minutes then by the time I got to Raleigh it was delayed until 6:20 pm a total of 21/2 hour delay. If that was not enough, at 6:20pm the plane arrived from Tampa everyone got off and then we were notified that the flight was cancelled. Waited 2 hours for a hotel voucher and was told the hotel was right down the street. Went to get luggage and it was not available because someone had pulled it and put it in the office and went home. So here I go to the hotel that we only down the street to get there to find out that the hotel we were staying at was 10 miles out in Durham. At 11 pm I arrived at a hotel with no change of clothes or any hygiene items. I had heard a lot of good things about Allegiant but I am beginning to wonder and will think twice before I make any further reservations with your airline."
"Verified Review | After several attempts to stay connected online and with customer service via phone we purchased three remaining seats $1643.26. Sent a letter to customer service to verify what was said to me on the phone call concerning Nut allergies and seating children with parents. Was told by a travel representation that nut allergies are taken very seriously and children are never separated from a parent. Boarded our flight, the flight attendants that day denied alerting the passengers of my 9 year olds nut allergy. Said that have him deal with it and place him by the window. Into the flight they began selling snacks containing Peanuts and Tree Nuts. My son became ill, administered more antihistamines and received zero assistance from the flight crew. There was a nurse onboard who came to our aide. Hindsight is 20/20 I wish I would have read the airline reviews before purchasing our seats. Please take the time to read the Allegiant customer comments on how horribly they treat their customers. They are sponsored with The Make A Wish foundation who help grant the wishes of courageous children with life threatening conditions. A complete contradiction to what was given to my son March 11th flight 845."
"Verified Review | Fresno to Las Vegas. Allegiant delayed the flight twice and left at least two passengers I'm aware of at security because no one was at the check in desk for them to get boarding passes. I barely made it on the flight despite that issue only because I had my boarding pass downloaded on the app already. No one was there to check my bag and they refused to send anyone out to the desk to help those two people, one of which came right after me. Allegiant has a reputation for being late, yet they wouldn't help passengers who were a measly 5 min late after they'd delayed the flight twice by 3 hours. They don't even offer water complimentary on their flights anymore. I've flown Allegiant several times and the stress you have to put up with, outrageous costs for carry on bags, seat selection, etc. never seems worth the money."
"Clearwater to Niagara Falls. I paid an additional fee so that I could sit next to a window as I am claustrophobic. The aircraft was changed to a smaller size at the last minute therefore rearranging the seating plan. I was switched to a middle seat (with a lap child), and despite my begging and pleading they did not give me a window seat. I paid for it! I never got my money back. The seats don't recline, aircraft was visibly dirty and messy. They have delays and cancellations because of mechanical issues."
"Allegiant Air flight from Rochester to Sanford was fine and normal. However, the flight from Sanford to Rochester was horrible. Allegiant canceled the flight 45 minutes before take off because the flight crew hadn't arrived. Waited 2 hr's in line to see what they were going to do. Airport employees, not Allegiant employees, gave us a hotel voucher and an $8 voucher for airport food for 1 meal. No shuttle to the hotel, after we were told there would be. Had to split and pay $40 for a cab ride. Will never do business with them again."
"Flew Allegiant Air from Las Vegas to Billings, MT. I will never give them another cent of my money, I have flown them four times now and not once have I had a flight without issues. Flight was supposed to leave at 08.11, yet here I sit again due to their faulty aircraft. Save your money, I will spend a few bucks more and take a trusted airline next time."
"Flew from Des Moines, IA to Las Vegas, NV. Allegiant looks like they are an inexpensive airline but they really buckle and dime you every chance they get. Charges for luggage are outrageous and there is no complementary food or beverages. The stewardess were all very nice but the pilot was not informative while inflight (giving updates on where we were or how far away from our destination). We sat on the plane for an hour and 20 minutes before even taking off. Their customer service options are basically non-existent when it comes to lost items on the plane. We left a small clutch behind on our flight home and tried to notify them right away but no one at the counter seemed to care. On my next vacation I will take my business elsewhere."
"Having flown Allegiant Air from the start of the Chattanooga/Sanford flight I must say the last two trips have been the most horrible I have had. My flight to Sanford was due to take off at 2:04. We took off at 8:20. We were not offered any explanation for the delay to begin with and then it was delay for mechanical. No problem it happens, but the gentleman was suppose to be there within 30 minutes, took 2 hours. Then he could not make the repair, so we were told they were bringing another plane from St. Pete. . We were told we would be getting a voucher for future flight. Never happened. They were a good airline when they started, but the last 3 flights have been nothing but bad."
"In my opinion everything that happened with our Allegiant trip could have been mitigated with good customer service but unfortunately Allegiant's customer service is the worst. The departure was delayed 2 hours (this happens with all airlines, we can deal with that). Upon arrival in FLL only 2 of our 3 bags arrived no Allegiant personnel (in baggage or ticket area) at the airport anywhere - none! There was a sign with a phone number on it at the ticket counter (30 minute call waits to get through, was disconnected twice). Bag was finally located in SAV and was shipped to our driving destination 3 days later. We were notified at 7:30 at night that our morning flight the next day was cancelled. After a 1.5 hour call wait time call we were told there were no flight options on their airline or any other one and that we would have to fly out the next morning. No hotel or meal vouchers were offered. I will never subject myself or my family to that kind of stress and inconvenience ever again!"
"Punta Gorda, Florida to Asheville, N.C. I have never had any issues with Allegiant until I currently added Trip Flex for my daughters ticket. When I needed to change my flight because of my mother n laws memorial service was changed. I called and rescheduled the flight and added trip flex to that ticket as well. When I got my receipt for my ticket, I realized, they charged me for changing my flight. When I inquired, I got a copy of the policy which said that you could change 1 hour before departure. Had I known they meant you couldn't change it until one hour before your flight, I wouldn't have purchased the Trip Flex. Obviously that is not a deal. They are making money off of people, not helping the customer which you would think they are providing protection in case of emergency. Don't buy Trip Flex. It is a rip off."
"We got to Grand Rapids plenty early, Allegiant had 2 flights leaving. They only had 2 people at check in and the line stretched the length of the airport. We finally get to our plane and we can't board, we have to wait for Allegiant flight to Mesa to leave. But most of their passengers are still in check in. I emailed Allegiant and they said, to keep our prices low, we keep our staff at a minimum. We left over an hour late, they charge for everything, only 40 pounds per bag at 50 bucks, what a great deal."
"St. Petersburg to Springfield with Allegiant. We were on the St. Petersburg end of the flight reviewed by P Sooter below. Same story. Delayed 1 hour, then 3.5 hrs. No pilot was their excuse. Staff at the counter had no clue what was happening. We were delayed an hour in Springfield on the first leg of our journey. Spending 6 hrs in an airport isn't fun. Won't fly again with them."
"Springfield to St. Pete-Clearwater, told flight would be 1 hr late, then 3 hrs, then 3.5hrs. Boarded at 7:30pm for 7:45 depart, at 8:10 the pilot sorry for 3+hr delay not sure reason. At 8:25pm waiting for paperwork - pilot and crew milling around cockpit area laughing and joking, very unprofessional. At 8:40 pm now a maintenance problem, tech will be there 15 to 30 mins time, and the pilot hopes it will be \"quick fix\". At 8:55 we've had enough and leave the aircraft to head back home. Agent says will get full refund - we'll see. Never got off the ground. Shame on you Allegiant - never again!"
"Terrible experience flying with Allegiant Air from start to finish. You may think you're getting a deal but after the fees and taxes it is about the same. Nothing is included in the cost of the flight either. The seats are terrible and the staff was not professional. Flying out of Clearwater was a total cluster and the flight was delayed because they were short staffed. After we boarded the plane we waited for another 30 minutes because the captain had to do \"paperwork.\" I will go back to flying Delta."
"Las Vegas to Springfield, and whilst Allegiant Air may have a policy of keeping a family with children intact, a person in a wheelchair has no such luck. When we printed out our boarding passes I was in one row and my traveling companion was in another row - not even close. On one occasion I was in row 8 and my companion was in row 34 - when I called the airline I was told they would put us close for a fee. Another time when I called, the person I talked to was very nice and got us together without a fee. I have been on this trip on a number of times and that was the only time they did that without a fee. My wife and I are on social security and have limited funds so the $20 is not in our budget. It would be nice if they had some compassion instead of being money hungry."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Asheville. This was my first time flying Allegiant Air and also my last. This was inexcusable customer service. We were delayed close to an hour, but that was the least problem we encountered. We got within 10 miles of AVL and were told we needed to circle because the cloud cover was too heavy to land. After 45 minutes we were told we were flying back to FLL. In the ensuing 1 hr 45 minute flight back, no other announcement was made, the flight attendants claimed they had no info, and were rude and all but disappeared. Call buttons were going off all over the plane and were being ignored. We departed the plane with no information about rebooking, no representative at the gate, and no information. A baggage handler close by was caught by surprise and tried to find out something, which he finally told those who could hear him that the flight was rebooked for the next morning, there would be no room or food vouchers and everyone was on their own. He was asked to make an announcement so the 150 passengers could all hear, but he would not do that and left everyone confused. I understand things beyond an airline's control but customer service is always within an airline's control, Allegiant failed on all counts. Spend the extra $$ upfront with a reliable carrier."
"Orlando to Austin with Allegiant Air. Horrible service. Notified shortly before flight of delay then canceled. No reciprocal airline and Orlando is a huge airport. Offered us 50USD off the next flight - like I will take that chance. Said we will be flying out on the next day that they don't even fly out on. Still waiting to see if that happens as they canceled today. Funny when we called the girl didn't even have the flight as canceled had it as rescheduled although my email showed it canceled. After 45 minutes of discussion gave up to search other flights all 1000 bucks or so. Called back about another flight to Texas same day to another city which would require us to drive further but told so sad all booked. This was after an hour on hold . Guess what? Got the same girl - maybe they can only afford one customer service rep. We have extra hotel charges rental car charges meal charges and now it is 3.15am so lost a few hours sleep as well. Sure we will feel perky tomorrow to find something to do for a whole day unplanned extra entertainment costs etc theme parks here are 100 bucks a day or more a piece. The discount rate is not worth the inconvenience lack of reciprocity aggravation etc - still don't know if we will get out tomorrow and if not - not willing to plunk down 2 grand to another airline. Sad I haven't had a vacation in 3 and half years and it starts like this."
"I was very aware when I booked Allegiant for our spring break trip that they are a discount airline. Attaching fees wherever possible and absolutely no perks. Tonight made be rethink ever using this airline again. Our flight was delayed 6 hours. Our attendant at the gate even made a joke about it being the ghost plane. We finally took off at 11:45 pm and as we descended into Sandford the pilot annunced that we are heading to St Petersberg because the landing tower was closed and the weather didn't allow him to make a visual landing. 2:15 am we land in St Petersburg and are told busses would come within 30 minutes to bring us to Sandford (2 hours away). 3:40 am busses arrive. There are not enough bus seats for all the passengers. There is not one customer service employee from Allegiant helping.. Just some very kind cleaning staff. Allegiant knew the tower was closed in Sanford before we left Grand Rapids. Car rentals also closed and not opening until 7am. It is 4 am and we will wait again upon arriving in Sanford. You decide if $50 a ticket is worth poor customer service."
"Flown with this airline approximately 30 times, and out of those I can only recall one flight being on-time. They suck you in with convenient non-stop routes and low fares, but it comes at a cost. This will be my last flight with Allegiant. The majors are easily worth 2-3x the ticket cost because they actually get you where you are going in a reasonable amount of time. My initial flight was scheduled out of KPGD around 3pm. I was informed via text at 9:30am it had been delayed over 4 hours. After 2.5 hours on the phone with customer service, I was told the flight from St Pete-Clearwater to Asheville was on-time and moved to that flight. Arrived at the airport and the flight had been delayed over 2 hours with no explanation to passengers. Bottom line: get what you pay for. Namely, showing up when you paid to show up."
"St Petersburg Clearwater to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air. This is the worst airline I have ever used. At first our flight was delayed (no big deal). Then when we got on the plane we waited for a good hour for some mysterious reason. We were told like 10 more minutes at least 4 times. When we finally got here the baggage took at least a hour and it did not even come on the belt it said it would. Finally we were on vacation! Then when it was time to go back we strolled in expecting not such a bad time. When we saw the board it said it was 'on time.' When we got to the waiting area we found out we were delayed for 1 hour 40 minutes. While I am waiting I am writing this review."
"We tried Allegiant Air because it offers the only non-stop service between PIT and JAX. And that is the full extent of what this airline has to offer. At best, Allegiant Air's service is comical, but functional - at worst, it's non-existent. Customer service is like a pick-up team of airline personnel from ticketing to flight crew. Check-in lines are long because the counter is only open for one hour prior to flight, so everyone is forced to queue at once. Both flights were delayed (one hour and two hours, respectively) for no apparent reason. In the aircraft cabin, the seats are set close together yet the aisle is very wide. The high bag check fees ensure that boarding will be very slow. Promotion doesn't seem to be part of the corporate marketing strategy. There are practically no signs anywhere - at ticket/check-in counter or gates. Pricing is not especially competitive on this route once the add-ons for bag checks and better seats are included. The non-stop flight is convenient, but given the delays and absent service, we would not fly Allegiant again."
"Mcallen to Las Vegas, and very, very disappointed with Alligent Air. They boarded the plane, then asked people to unboard. Waited 3 hours before told that our flight was canceled. My daughter looked forward to this trip for months as we were headed to a Justin bieber concert. After 3 long hours of waiting, we saw the pilot and his crew deboard escorted by security and we knew the worse news was about to hit us. Sure enough, our flight was canceled and the announcement was very unapologetic and they did not know when next flight would be scheduled. Said we could get vouchers and that was it. I saw so many children disappointed, including my daughter, and there was nothing we could do to console her. Such a terrible, stressful experience for us and all involved. We were left with stunned. Never again will I fly Allegiant Air. First and last time."
"Medford to Las Vegas. Paid for our extra legroom seats because my husband is 6'5, and we got our seats taken away from us. Not very happy - we got our money back but it took a while, plus his trip was uncomfortable the whole way. Also we paid for our tickets and got recharged again. I've called and email them and still haven't received a call back"
"Because of flight cancellation we got a note each from Allegiant staff at the airport that we were eligible to use 250 dollars each on hotel and transportation. After our trip we should simply send our receipts to Allegiant for reimbursement. Now (5 months after) we are still not being fully reimbursed. They say it's 250 dollars total - not per person. I was not pleased with this and emailed the note we got from the Allegiant staff at the airport where it says 250 each. After that we're told not to contact Allegiant again. Further correspondance would not be answered. Way to go Allegiant!"
"Allegiant Air delayed our flight from Medford to Las Vegas for two hours then cancelled it entirely and had no respect or sympathy for the money we were out for hotel and other costs. They did not offer any assistance and we had to go through a different airline costing us twice as much just to get where we needed to go. If quality and customer survice matters at all to you, choose a different airline - this is not the first time we have had this problem with them, but it will surely be our last!"
"Rockford, Illinois to St. Petersburg, Florida. We will never fly Allegiant Air again. Our flight was delayed several times. We keep hearing only 40 more minutes, or 20 more minutes. We finally got on the plane and got stuck there just after leaving the gate. Once we finally landed, there was no direction as to which area luggage could get picked up at. Several planes coming in with only one crew to unload. We waited for our luggage for over an hour."
"Little Rock AR to Sanford FL. We booked a flight and hotel originally through Allegiant only to receive a text informing me that the confirmation number I had received would not be honored. Against my better judgement, I kept the flight with Allegiant. I would soon regret that decision. First we had an extremely delayed flight 729, then a cancelled flight 729. Then an extremely inept and rude support staff that communicated sporadically if at all. To add to that, we had damage to all three of our bags, one of which is now completely unusable. Then it took 2 hours to get a hotel voucher. We were promised a meal voucher for $8.00 per person but they didn't manage to get those to us before the newly rescheduled flight 5729 departed at 7 am Central the next morning. We had to cancel our hotel reservation which wasn't fully refundable because we didn't provide a 24 hour notice (620.00 for 2 nights only one refundable). Moreover, the hotel we booked after cancelling the original was 45 minutes away from our destination meaning we also had to rent a car (105.00). We paid 11.90 for parking for the first flight that didn't depart on Friday as planned. Thank you very much for ruining our vacation."
"My outbound flight was decent, seating ok but I'm a 5'9\" female and no leg room. My return flight from Akron–Canton to St Petersburg Clearwater Airport boarded late and we were rushed to board via dual entry (front and end of plane). We sat at the gate and pulled onto the tarmac, only to sit there for 45 minutes before we were told what's going on. Some of the staff were very rude. Attendants were not informing us what was going on. We pulled back into the gate. No air, 2+ hours of sitting on the plane before we were offered 1/4 cup of water. People leaving the plane. Not very good on informing us with status. Watched a plane next to us that unloaded people and luggage, reload luggage and people and take off. Sat for 3+ hours on the plane. Not greeted on outbound or return flights. Will never fly Allegiant again. No free snacks or anything."
"I have flown Allegiant air multiple times with my family when travelling to Florida. Many Canadians who live near the border have no problem making the commute to save hundreds on flights with Allegiant (myself included). Last time I flew with Allegiant I was 4 months pregnant, the air temperature system in the cabin was not working. The airline was aware of this and did not notify the passengers ahead of time. Therefore, we had to fly in a cabin that had a temperature of around 55 degrees in the back of the plane and 80 in the front for 4 hours. Since we were flying in the middle of summer, I can assure you that people were not prepared for the cold. I ended up moving seats up to the front because I became so cold and uncomfortable. An elderly woman tried to move into an unoccupied seat at the front of the aircraft and was told that she would have to pay extra for that seat. We assumed that the plane would be grounded due to the malfunction but they barely unloaded us before the loaded the next passengers on the return flight without fixing the problem."
"The process of booking a ticket and having to add all the little extra fees is a nightmare. You think you are getting a good deal but after adding in a fee for everything other than the air to breathe in flight it is not a savings as they would have you think. The representatives in the airport are a non professional, non friendly group of individuals. We encountered this on both ends of our trip but particularly worse in South Bend Indiana. My sister and I were traveling with my elderly parents and were seated two rows apart and they would not allow us to board together because we were seated in different \"zones\". They really had no desire to understand my parents requiring our assistance. Unloading of the plane is a monkey circus free for all of people rushing the door and dropping bags on your head rather than Allegiant considering the departure to be by rows to avoid this chaos. Attendants have no problem placing your carry on's rows behind your actual seat only making departure that much more difficult. Overall experience was unpleasant and I will definitely consider another airline in the future even if I have to pay a few more dollars. Savings not worth the lack of professionalism."
"We reserved 4 seats to Las Vegas. Could not fly out on that date for reasons that could not be changed. I did not purchase trip flex. A hard learned expensive lesson. However; I have been trying to rectify this. I had waited on the phone for nearly 3 hours in 4 calls over 2 days before I spoke to customer service. She gave me instructions to call back with a specific date and although there would be costs they would work with me. After more than an hour waiting, again, I got another representative. I told her what I had been told. She was curt. Matter of fact. To change $408 reservation was going to cost an additional $75 per person. Plus $300 for a change fee. And possibly additional charges. I chose Allegiant because they were supposed to be affordable. I told her I would just cancel. I didn't want the $56 they would return to me. I was never going to do business with them again. I didn't yell. I didn't curse. I was not happy. But I wasn't rude. She hung up on me. After 4 hours waiting on the phone. Tonight I went to the website to cancel. Says I can't. That I must cancel via phone. Worst company I have dealt with."
"We flew Allegiant Air Wednesday night to Ft. Lauderdale from Syracuse. We were told by friends that the reputation for Allegiant was that they were always late. We experienced this in the extreme. The original flight time was 6:45PM. We received a text that it was moved back to 7:55PM. We finally boarded at 8:30PM and took off at 11:30PM. After leaving the terminal we needed to de-ice but after de-icing the pilot announced that we didn't have enough fuel to make it to FLL so we had to return to the terminal. After re-fueling we then needed to de-ice. How could the pilot not know that the fuel was not sufficient before we left the terminal the first time? We finally arrived in Ft. Lauderdale at 2:30AM. The attendants were very cavalier and seemed to have the attitude that this happens all the time. I'm sorry but I have no confidence in this airline and will avoid using them in the future."
"Have flown Allegiant many times with absolutely no problems. My recent flight was a nightmare. We were boarded and re-boarded 3 different times over a 4 hour period, because of mechanical problems. This is not a warm and fuzzy feeling to be boarded on the 3rd plane. I reported the issue and was informed that because our delay was not long enough they could not compensate me for any convenience. I am 70 years old and it is not a pleasure to get on and get off a airplane. Was very disappointed in Allegiant for allowing their fleet of planes to become so unstable with mechanical problems. And I must agree with other reviews; the flight attendants looked unkempt and worn out, just like their planes."
"Medford to Las Vegas with Allegiant - I have flown this airline several times because it is the only game in town. No competition and always late. Have been dropped off in the middle of the night at a different airport due to fog and offered no assistance to get home about 150 miles away. Flew this week and 2 and 3 hour delays (mechanical) Terrible customer service, no one answers phone. Rude and indifferent people working at the counter in Medford. Everything is an up charge. I'll drive next time."
"Orlando to Cincinnati with Allegiant - 1 hour wait on the customer service line to get no answer to my question. If you want an airline that cares about their customers, go to anyone else. Bumped our flight up 10 hours, so there's no way we could make it back to the flight from our cruise. Had to stay an extra day, with all the extra expenses involved, and only received a form letter from management stating I should have read the flight agreement before purchasing my ticket. This airline will not get another cent from me."
"My fiance and I will never fly Allegiant again. The flight departure was pushed back three times due to mechanical issues with the aircraft. We boarded the aircraft three hours after our original departure time. Once we were seated on the aircraft were were delayed another two hours as we waited for the crew to summon a deicing truck. During the two hours on the ground, the aircraft's air conditioning system was shut down. The crew would not provide water or allow anyone to use the bathroom. We arrived at our destination at 2:30 am. Five hours and thirty minutes after the originally scheduled arrival. Instead of being picked up by family, we were forced to take a cab to the nearest hotel. We stayed there until a family member could come pick us up."
"We have flown with Allegiant Air many times over the past several years and I believe this last experience will be our last. While it's nice to have a non-stop flight to one of our favorite traveling destinations (Orlando/Disney World), I believe it's no longer worth it. With the cost of flights increasing plus they price gouge you for everything including check in luggage (which is only 40 pounds max), carry on luggage, picking your seat per person per flight, in-flight snacks/beverages, and now recently they've added on a charge to print off your boarding ticket at the counter. This last flight I truly witnessed how they love to price gouge their customers. My husband and I did not want to pay the fees to have to sit together - I think it's ridiculous that an airline should charge for this - it should be a courtesy. However, the airline will deliberately separate you and when you do an online check-in the night before, they will show you that you are separate, that you can't change it at the counter and that you have to pay $$ if you don't want to sit next to a stranger. I was 31 weeks pregnant and we were placed at two opposite ends of the plane, me row 14 and my husband row 29. Two rows in front of my husband were two empty seats where we could have been placed together. Also, next to me was a young single girl who could have been moved elsewhere very easily, and also about 5 rows behind me were two additional empty seats. Of course the staff tells everyone not to switch seats. Just goes to show how Allegiant Air doesn't really care about taking care of their customers, they just want your money. It's sickening to me and instead of paying that fee so I can sit next to my husband, we're choosing other airlines from now on. Plus I maybe ran into one friendly person the entire round trip flight. It's just not worth all the hassle anymore."
"I have one positive thing to say about our Allegiant Air flight from Punta Gorda to Allentown so I will say it first. Lots of leg room. Instead of nickel and diming you to death, they should get rid of half their flight attendants. They were so unkept I could hardly believe it. Sloppy uniforms and dirty messy hair. The two up front by us were extremely immature. The one reading on the PA system read so fast she screwed up time and time again. Other than try and sell snacks, they did absolutely nothing. Our two \"young ladies\" talked loudly amongst themselves constantly. One of them stood up front eating breakfast on a 2 hour flight. An elderly gentleman needed to use the rest room during turbulence and wasn't allowed to help make sure he didn't fall. OK, so it is their rule, but the exchange was less than friendly and his fellow passenger ended up helping him. Our fares could be more reasonable if they just got rid of half of their under qualified useless attendants. The pilots weren't informative either and when they did interact with us you couldn't understand them anyway."
"Los Angeles to Boise with Allegiant Air. Flight was supposed to leave at 5:30pm. Delayed for \"mechanical issues\" for 40 mins and then again for another plane to fly in from Vegas. Plane was supposed to leave Las Vegas at 7 and be here at 8. For some reason it has been pushed back to 9:45 departure time now with no further explanation. Staff is nowhere in sight to talk to. When they finally showed up they offer no help and are rude and unsympathetic at all for the now 4.5 hour delay. Terrible experience and some of the worst customer service I have seen. The only compensation they offered was a meal voucher that they didn't hand out till 3 hours after we were already supposed to have departed. What good is a meal voucher at 8 when I have obviously already eaten?"
"Allegiant Air flight from Punta Gorda to Toledo. Departure delayed initially because of weather in Toledo when there really was no weather problem. Departure 6 hours late due to mechanical problems, had to fly in another plane. Return flught cancelled as boarding began, delayed departure until next day - 18 hrs later. Again mechanical issues cited."
"Omaha to St Pete–Clearwater. Our 10:54 am departure did not happen due to mechanical problems with the plane. At 5:30pm our replacement aircraft arrived. As of 6:20pm we're finally loaded and waiting to go. To Allegiant Air's credit they didi offer complimentary water and soda at the podium along with an $8 meal voucher in the airport. If time is of the essence on your trip, I suggest paying whatever another scheduled carrier is asking to stand a better chance of arriving on time. I don't think I'll risk flying Allegiant again just to make sure I get where I'm going on time or get offered a refund."
"Flew Allegiant Air from Las Vegas to Memphis. It does not bother me that Allegiant Air charges extra for reserved seats, carry ons, food, etc. I expect flights to be crowded and my fellow travelers to obnoxious, although I must admit that I was mildly surprised that I had adequate space even while sitting in the middle seat. However, I do not expect the flight attendants to be unprofessional but that is exactly what they were. While the plane was loading, they conversed with each other about their social lives and made negative comments about the passengers. They were non-existent during the actual flight. The second we landed, they accessed their social media accounts and began an extremely loud running commentary about who had posted to their accounts. They acted more like middle school students than professionals and I found it extremely irritating."
"Allegiant Air flight from was late leaving from Des Moines and on our return very late in take off from Punta Gorda. They are supposed to be an economical airline, but all the fees, checked, carry on bags, seat cost, and all the extras, like paying for snacks or soft drinks, is outrageous. Our family and relatives have all flown on this airline, and not once have they actually been on time. Even with the idea of a straight through flight, none of the relatives will fly this way again."
"Allentown to Orlando Sanford on Allegiant Air. Flew down on the Thursday before the major snow storm. Beside the fact that every single thing was extra (carry on bags, seat, beverage,) We had the flight from hell. My daughter and I were planning on napping, but because of the drunk couple behind us that the flight attendant kept feeding them more alcohol even though they had to know they had enough, they were so loud that everyone one the plane could hear them and the couple across from them which caused the lady sitting next to them had to ask to move. Not once during the 2.5 hour flight did they stop talking and laughing and swearing and yet no one from Allegiant told them to be quiet. I have never been on a flight that was as terrible as this one. Never again will I fly this airline even if they are cheaper."
"Cincinnati to Las Vegas, and Allegiant Air ruined a weekend trip that was planned prior to Christmas! First, airline delayed the departure time with a later time in afternoon. Advised it was due to issue with plane and not the weather. The second departure time comes and goes. Then after sitting at airport passed that time another plane was found. All passengers were boarded and ready for take off. Plane sat on the tarmac for a long time. No potty breaks etc. Now this plane had issues with maintenance and had to go back to the gate. Flight crew announces the flight was cancelled until the next day in the afternoon. Two of the family members had JLO concert tickets! Hope this airline is happy that they totally ruin 4 people mini vacation. Shame on you Allegiant! Get your act together and service your planes. We could understand it if it was due to the weather. However, that was not the case!"
"This is the third flight I have taken with Allegiant Air between Raleigh-Durham and Orlando Sanford. Each flight this airline has managed to be 1.5-2.5 hours late. The reason for the last flights delay: \"we started off late this morning so we have been behind all day\". Needless to say, a good price; however, not much guarantee on arrival times. The staff is nice enough and snacks and beverages are not provided. You pay for a carry on bag or check in bags. Their delay notification was not provided in a timely manner. Weigh your options of price versus time. Assume you will not arrive on time so you are delighted if you do."
"Was supposed to fly Allegiant Air on the 15th from Memphis to Orlando, flight was cancelled due to too many flight hours. It was a two hour delay we stood around until they cancelled. They put us in a hotel where you had to buy your own food. We had to get up at 4:30 in the morning to be shuttled to airport. And stand in line because they didn't open until 5am. They were rude and inconsiderate! I would never recommend them to anyone. Pay extra for a better airline."
"Flying with Allegiant Air is horrible. This is our second time flying with them. The first time we had a plane tire pop which caused a 9 hour delay. This time they cancelled our flight from Los Angeles to Provo until tomorrow. We were supposed to leave at 1:50 today and it's not leaving until tomorrow at noon. Their claim is that it's weather related (a flat out lie) so they are providing zero compensation for the inconvenience. We've been on hold with their 'customer service' for over half an hour, and we're already a been hung up on once. Do not risk flying with this airline. It's worth the money to fly with a decent airline that will actually take care of their customers."
"Phoenix–Mesa to Idaho, and it never fails that Allegiant Air disappoints its customers. Yes, it is a cheap way to fly, but not worth the inconvenience of being delayed by three or more hours due to their planes needing maintenance continuously. The last three times I have flown their flights have been unreasonably delayed. two out of those three times the return flight has been delayed by a day. On top of that, any time a customer calls customer service there is always a 30-40 minute wait to get a real person on the phone only to have them argue with you about a reimbursement or to hang up on you. this airline is cheap and bad at doing business. They are not dependable nor customer focused."
"For the most part, my experience with Allegiant has, thankfully, not been like many of the experiences other reviewers have encountered. For the most part, Allegiant, at least, when I flew them, got me there on time. However, the ground staff is pretty much unfriendly as ever. On a flight from LAS-HNL, the flight attendants have been the best part of the flight, smiling and courteous, so no gripes there, though of course sometimes they're a bit of a mixed bag, and on one flight from EUG-LAS, I had one flight attendant that was a bit rude. However, on my recent flight from HNL-LAS, there was an unexpected delay with little to no apologies. Got to the gate 30 minutes before boarding time and when boarding time was supposed to happen, the Flight Attendants were still sitting at a locked door, chatting away. The Flight crew showed up 15 minutes later, and even then it took 30 minutes until they could enter. Even then, there were still more unexpected delays due to seatbelt and reseating issues. Which they didn't even bother to announce. I only knew about it because I overheard Flight attendants talking about it. For the most part, Allegiant, in my experience at least, isn't the absolute worst airline. You do get what you pay for. However, with outrageous fees, limits on bags, really tight and uncomfortable seating, and just horrible service, I'm going to have to say Allegiant isn't really an airline you should consider flying."
"Bangor to Orlando. Worst experience I've ever had flying. My flight to Orlando was delayed by 6 hours because the plane was broken and we needed to be sent a new plane. The Allegiant staff at the Bangor airport were rude and not helpful. I asked to have my return fight changed to compensate for losing almost a full day with my parents, and they said no and offered no apologies or explanations. However, after calling the customer service number, they had no problem changing my return flight and happily did so. My return flight had an emergency landing in Rhode Island, and the pilot announced that the engine was overheating. We landed safely in RI and were greeted with about 6 firetrucks as soon as we landed. We waited hours before having an updates from Allegiant as to what was going to happen to us. At first they said they'd bus us to Bangor, but ended up putting us all in hotel rooms for the night and we flew out the next morning at 11am. Only one Allegiant flight attendant on the morning flight apologized for our inconvenience. The Warwick airport workers (not Allegiant staff) were excellent and accommodated us as well as they could, given the circumstances. I would not recommend Allegiant to anyone, despite the cheap prices. Not to mentions all the hidden fees."
"Los Angeles to Eugene. When booking my flight I was excited about the opportunity to fly home for the holidays at an affordable price. For a college student this pricing was exceptional but the price is only possible for Allegiant Air because they have many add on and hidden fees. When checking in at the front desk it was 30$ extra to have my small backpack taken on as a carry-on, 5$ to have your ticket printed, and something like 7$ for any on plane amenity. The staff was not very helpful and the flight attendants rudely snapped at guest to get their attention. The seats were old and the crew seemed to be more inclined to gossip as opposed to serve the customer. Spending a bit extra for a more established airline is well worth it."
"Horrible customer service. Omaha to Tampa flight cancelled due to \"weather\" yesterday when we watched several other flights taking off and landing. They kept telling us at the gate that it was due to refueling, deicing fluid trucks, crew time out, and so forth. When customers started asking for vouchers then it was due to weather and not what we had been told. Don't bother calling their call center because they will just tell you to submit your complaint online and they won't help you at all! Flight rescheduled for this morning and we are already an hour late. By the time we get in the air we will be almost two hours delayed! You get what you pay for with this low cost airline. Bad service, delays and no accountability!"
"Allegiant Air's business model is interesting, take the outlying markets and offer direct flights to tourist destinations. This sounds good helping these areas and providing a service right? The problem are added fees that quickly take those savings away and reliability issues that may leave you a day or more late. If you look for a direct flight from an outlying market its appealing, flying in non-reclining seats so tight you can't open a book, delayed or rescheduled at their convenience due to aging aircraft, it may be worth the chance. When you get on board the fun continues with what are most likely the rudest staff I've ever encountered, budget constraints dictate staff caliber also apparently. The decision is yours ultimately, it may be worth rolling the dice, just build in an extra day on each end for delays and you will likely be fine."
"In addition to the airline nickle and diming you, the flights are 2-3 hours late leaving for mechanical problems. This is not a discount airline after you add on additional fees. In addition to your base ticket price, get ready for $5 for ticketing, $50 for carry-on, $50 for checked bag, $15+ for a seat selection. By the time you get on board you have spent the same as a normal airline and are not guaranteed the flight will ever leave on time. You are also stuffed in like sardines. No leg room."
"Allegiant Air ruined my Christmas and have the worst customer service - it's like dealing with robots! Getting a good deal is not worth the lack of service and common courtesy. They cancelled our flight by sending a text when we were already at the airport to check in and didn't have any staff ready to handle all the upset passengers."
"Plane was supposed to depart at 9:23am. It's now 12:59 and I am still on the airplane at the gate. Have not left due to weather. The weather has been clear for an hour. We have been stuck in our seats for 70 minutes. When I tried to get up to use the restroom I was told I could not until we were in the air. That was 30 minutes ago. The flight attendant staff is by far the worst."
"Most horrible experience flying I have ever had. I have flown all over the world and I have never been angry about delays, flight cancellations because they happen and I'm a reasonable person who can deal if a curve ball is thrown. Allegiant air has no rhyme or reason for anything. They don't give you a straight answer. It took me 11 hours to get to Arizona from Ogden Utah. They first told us it was on behalf of the 3 inches of snow outside. This was untrue because had the plane been on time we would have missed the snow entirely. Then they stated that a plane was coming for us but was diverted to St. George to refuel. There is no allegiant hub in St. George. Then they told us that the plane from St. George was on it's way back but that is not the plane we will be taking anymore. Then they told us the plane we are taking had mechanical difficulties so we will continue to be delayed. The most frustrating part of this whole ordeal was that we couldn't get a straight answer from anyone. Allegiant refused to refund out flight as well as refused to offer any kind of voucher for our extreme inconvenience. They wouldn't let me talk to any supervisors on the customer service line and refused to give me any names of the customer service agents. This is not the first time I have flown with Allegiant and it is not the first time I have been given the run around story of why they can't keep a schedule. I will not fly this airline again. If you value you your job and need to be back at work when you say you will instead of stranded in another state do not fly with Allegiant. Cheaper fares? After they nickle and dime you for everything from bringing your own purse, to charging you for a half a can of soda, you end up saving maybe 100 bucks. Not worth the 11 hours waiting and missing out on family time over thanksgiving. Thanks for nothing Allegiant."
"I flew from Greenville to Orlando and the plane got to the gate when we were supposed to start boarding, then they had to deplane and then clean the plane. It was a 45 minute delay which wasn't that big of a deal. The real problem when I was set to depart from Sanford. Apparently there was a weather advisory and no minor could get on the plane alone. I have never heard of this rule before, a flight attendant said that she would watch over me so I could go and I thought everything was ok, then when I start to board the agent said that the flight attendant has changed her mind and that I will have to find another flight. I pleaded to get on the plane because this was today December 22nd and I needed to get back to see my family. All in all I will have to wait until tonight to get another flight (which was 3 hours from my original destination.) I am not pleased with this airline and I do not plan on flying it again."
"The plane arrived 30 minutes late in Vegas. Then knowing that weather was bad at best in Rapid they took off about 1 hour late. At the time were to start descent into Rapid City, the pilot came on and announced we were diverted to Sioux Falls, SD. That is approximately 6 hours from Rapid City. That is further away than if we had stayed in Vegas. Our vehicle is still in Rapid. As we sit on the tarmac in Sioux Falls we are waiting for another plane to leave gate so we can get off plane. There has no been no disemmimation of information. I can't believe there is no plan that can be told to passengers. Allegiant is second rate at best."
"Flew Allegiant Air from Mesa, Arizona to Grand Rapids, Michigan. There are some outstanding features of Allegiant Air, such as being able to book your flight only a week out and still get a decent fare. That is their best quality. However they charge you for everything after the standard fare, for your seat selection, for insurance, for both checked luggage and a carry on, and they allot you only 40 pounds maximum, not 50. They give you no drinks and no snacks. I asked for a cup of water to refill my water bottle and was denied. Only water for medicine taking, I was told. The seats are the worst feature. They are hard molded plastic with no padding in the backs and little padding in the seat itself. I have osteoporosis and when I finished my four hour trip, I had knots in my upper back and aching muscles in my lower back. No matter what position you try, it is uncomfortable,. There is no elastic seat bag in front of you to hold things in, like your water or a pen or kleenex. Only an open hard plastic slot that is not enclosed. All food costs money. You are restricted from standing in line to use the bathroom and there is no way to get out your seat in time to make it there before someone else closer beats you out. You board the plane from a covered staircase in the outdoors. The seats are very narrow and anyone who is large or tall cannot help but spill over into your space, making for a cramped and painful position for hours. I think Allegiant needs to strip their interiors to the floor and get all new comfortable seats five across, not six, and their customers would come back instead of quit, like me."
"Meeting family for the holidays and needed the \"best\" rates to fly my family to California. The initial airfare was dirt cheap compared to other airlines, should have taken heed to that red flag. You not only get charged for every bag (except your purse) but they charge you for seating. I get an email to \"pre-select my seats\" so my family can sit together and there's a $13 fee per person just to select a seat? Not even a free bag with 5 peanuts in it or a cup of water to wash them down. Now I'm reading how people's flights are delayed and taking over 2 hours to retrieve their luggage. Not my definition of \"best\". Lesson learned - you get what you pay for with Allegiant Air."
"The outbound flight was delayed for about 2 hours due to a flat tire and someone from Allegiant had to be flown into OKC to fix it. The return flight to OKC arrived without incidence, but all passengers had to wait an hour and a half for their luggage to finally be put on the carousel. When the luggage finally arrived at baggage claim, my bag was not among the others. No one from Allegiant was anywhere to be found, of course. Finally, someone that worked in baggage claim for the OKC airport said that it was at the airport and would brought to the ticket counter but it would take another 20 minutes. I was finally able to leave the airport 2.5hr hours after my flight arrived - the same amount of time it took to fly from Las Vegas to OKC. Most passengers were stating that they would never fly Allegiant again during their 1.5hr wait for their luggage. Their fares are cheaper, but at what cost in the end? Not worth it."
"I fly with Allegiant 5 times a year from Sanford Orlando to Plattsburgh New York. Every time I fly there is always a delay. Also I travel with a service dog and they were being rude trying to tell me I could not take my dog out when he is a service dog and I take him out every time I fly. They also charged me for my boarding pass, which they have never charged me before because I have to check in at the airport because of my service animal. Also they made me combine my purse to my backpack or they were not going to let me on the plane. Over all do not recommend flying with Allegiant. Not satisfied at all. Rude staff as well."
"Trip started ok, with their first service out of MCI but the way back was a disaster. Me and a friend where on a quick getaway and on the same reservation number, both of us checked a bag ($40 each). Same time, an hour before departing. When we get to the gate, they are telling us to go to another gate, but the sign still said SC or something. So just word of mouth, from other customers, we did get on the right plane. Getting back to MCI, my friend got her bag, mine was not there. So I go to counter, no one working, called the number and reported it lost to Allegiant Air. Report was made Sunday, 11/15. That night around 10 pm, I receive a phone call from Stewart, NY, and I have left my bag there. No. It was the airport manager, not Allegiant. I have made numerous phone calls, emails, and still have no bag 11/24/15. They can give me no one else to call and no calls have been returned by them. I have the airport manager cell phone and he is the only one that has been helpful. You understand why their flights are so cheap, because they have no customer service skills and really could careless if you get your things."
"Decent service for the price. Do not book anything but the flight on their site. I added a rental car since they would give a \"special low rate\". I found out it would have been much cheaper to rent direct from the agency, plus there was an additional $99 counter fee to get the car. No contact info on their site; wrote letter to Allegiant customer service, no response."
"Sanford to Cincinnati with Allegiant Air, and I have flown this airline 3 times this year - mostly because of the convenience even though their prices are generally lower also. All three times my flights have been delayed - at least one part and sometimes both parts of my round trip. I would rather pay more to know my arrival times are going to be accurate. This airline needs to get their act together."
"First and last time I use Allegiant Air! Paid for a round trip. On my way to LAX on Thursday, the flight was scheduled to leave at 230 arriving at 340pm. The plane was delayed because of mechanic issues and it wasn't until hrs later that they decided to fly in another plane in which I lost a day on my trip because of this. Which I was ok with being that it was mechanical issues involved. Yesterday I decided since I'm traveling with my 18 month old I would check in online, checked my bags, paid for an extra bag and express boarding pass, etc. Once I arrived at the airport just to make sure I approached the counter where I was told my flight was delayed again. Took my time going upstairs to security. Once at security I was informed I needed to go back downstairs for a printed boarding pass since the online one didn't mentioned I was traveling with a lap child. Very irritating issue update the app so that information is available! Once again go to the counter tell her situation asked for my info again. Only to get \"oh you're flying to Boise - that flight is on time!\" Long story short I ended up missing my flight because of not 1 but 2 people giving the wrong information even though they knew I was flying to Boise. The next plane I could board was on Thursday. Since they don't have a sister plane. No drinks or snacks provided unless you pay with a credit card. Very unhappy, upset and unsatisfied."
"Be aware that Allegiant Air is a low cost airline! I had a terrible flight, and be aware that you will be charged for everything, including printing your tickets. No food or drinks, only if you have a mastercard. If you have only cash they will let you starve. Be prepared, bring food and drinks! Dirty and narrow seats, single persons are seated in the middle on purpose before check in to make you pay for a change of seats. Plane was late for no reason both flights. It was all old,dirty and uncomfortable. I had problems with my legs for many days after the flight (I couldnt walk properly). Staff were quite unfriendly and mostly busy with running through the aisle with a garbage bag. No entertainment at all. I paid about 500USD for this inconvenient flight. Never again!"
"Our returning flight was rescheduled from Sunday to Monday. There was very little warning, hardly any explanation, no compensation, and little communication. After we spent more money on hotels and made arrangements for family and jobs, they cancelled that flight as well. Supposedly they rescheduled the flight to Thursday. Not to mention, the first flight was over an hour delayed because of missing paperwork. Allegiant Air has put a huge damper on what was a wonderful trip. I will never fly Allegiant Air again no matter what cheap fare they advertise."
"Flight was cancelled and rescheduled for next day around lunch time. Reason for change given as weather. I had to arrive on the original flight day because of business. Was told I could reschedule in next 2 weeks but no refund. Had to book on another airline. Weather was beautiful at departing and arriving cities. They just lost a loyal customer. I saved $100 when I booked the original flight. But it cost me $400 for last minute flight because of their problem. Weather was not an issue for the other airlines!"
"Allegiant Air lure you in with low cost fare, but then charge you for everything. You have to pay for your per seat assignment, carry on, checked baggage, your boarding pass if printed at the terminal will cost you $5, if you want a drink on your flight that will cost you $2. They only allow your checked bag to be 40 pounds so if you fly a major airline and then connect with Allegiant it you are going to be fined an additional $50 for that bag that weighs 50 lbs which is in compliance with the other airlines. It is a total nickle and dime operation. In the end I paid as much for their flight, perhaps even more, than flying a major airline. They even close their check in counter 40 minutes prior to boarding time, so if you're a tad late, you can't even get on the plane! Their boarding time is 1 hour prior to flight, rather than the normal 1/2 hour. Crazy business, I do not recommend flying with them."
"This is the first time I've flown Allegiant Air and it will be the last time I fly Allegiant Air. The trip up to Portsmouth was uneventful. The return trip was a nightmare. We were told several times that our flight had been delayed before it was finally cancelled. It was not due to weather. We looked at their website and saw that there had been about 10 cancellations that day and also the day before. One flight out of Bellingham WA had been cancelled two days in a row. We read of a possible pilot's strike and since we needed to get home, we booked a return flight on Delta at a cost of $600.00. I have since read reviews about poor maintenance on their airplanes. Lower cost does not make up for unreliable service and a scary ride!"
"Worst experience ever. Had to pay $100 for a carry-on. Very uncomfortable seats. Customer service was horrible. I paid for a carry-on before the flight and was still charged $100 for my carry-on. They make you think you are getting a good deal and then charge you to take your purse on the flight. It's ridiculous! Don't fly with them."
"This was are third and last trip with Allegiant. It seems like they do nothing to improve their planes since we started flying with them. Our plane had a 4 hour delay due to repairs. Repairs? The seats look like they need to be replaced. The arm on one of them in our row didn't work. Heaven forbid if you can't use their site. You are the one that ends up paying out when you check in. Their employees don't have the ability to correct it. They can only do what their computers allow them to do. I noticed that their flight attendants don't look professional. They are kind. Got that going for them."
"The last two times I have flown Allegiant have been terrible. Our flight from Las Vegas to Moline, IL was delayed over and over again. Finally they brought in a different airline to fly us home. We paid extra for my husband and I to sit together in reserved seats and we were put on opposite ends of the jet. Then we tried again in September 2015. Our flight was delayed several times then finally they boarded us only to have everyone unboard the jet. Waited another two or more hours and they finally cancelled the flight all together. We had to drive back home and arrived at 1:30 in the morning. The next night we flew out and not on the jet we were suppose to be on but at least we made it to Arizona. To come back home they had to put us on a new jet again and my this time we had eight of us in my family. They scattered us around the jet to fill in empty seats. Expected my grandsons (ages 2 and 3) to sit with strangers! It was horrible! I am so done with this airline. I understand some problems once in awhile but this was three times in a row for my family. No more!"
"Took a trip to Vegas with Allegiant Air. Backs of seats did not recline and felt like old wooden straight back chairs. Returned to Cedar Rapids ten minutes early, pilot said ground crew not available to deplane us at ramp. Updated couple of times no crew yet. Half an hour later pilot says \"due to a miscommunication, we were supposed to be at a different gate\" so he turned the corner and there were about a hundred people waiting for our plane to board and an entire ramp crew waiting to deplane us. Not to mention the nickle and dime (big nickles and dimes) fees for everything including economy seat selection and any bags, carryon included. By the time you add all the fees you could afford a better airline."
"I have been a loyal Allegiant Air customer for years, several flights logged. I booked a flight to Youngstown Ohio online. Upon arriving to the airport I began to board when I was confronted by an employee regarding additional charges. After several discussions with airline employees and not wanting to ruin the visit, I paid the additional fee in protest. The \"reasonable\" flight had now exceeded the cost of a \"nicer airline\". I will make the best of this more expensive flight with less quality but I'm a man of principal and will never utilize Allegiant Air again."
"When we arrived in Lexington three days ago, it took us an hour and a half to receive our bags. Now we go to check in to go back home to Fort Lauderdale, and we have to pay Allegiant Air $10 for a boarding pass. Now we are waiting in the lobby because we can't check our bags until two hours before the flight. We think we do the right thing and now get penalized."
"I will never fly with Allegiant Air again. It was my second time with the company. The first time went okay but nothing to brag about. I am use to flying with Southwest or US. I found a cheap flight that was were I was needing to go. Lets just say they are cheap, but they will take every last dollar if any changes are needed. Even if you try to change the flight weeks in advance the charges end up being twice as much to change. My flight was $176 the changes were $290. Tell me how that works out My family has chosen to change to another airlines for a large family trip coming up. We figured paying the little extra for convenience and customer service is well worth it."
"I have traveled Allegiant Air many times since it is a non-stop flight and I bring no luggage. The process with Alleigant is always awful. The planes are most uncomfortable, at least the ones we fly. The flights are late, and about 1 out of every 2 times flights are delayed because the crew is late or the plane is late or the plane just has mechanical problems and they cancel your flight. That makes it really bad since they only fly certain days. I will finally just give up and use another airline and pay the extra $'s and drive a little farther. I say use only if you have to. If you do get a flight the attendants are rude. It just seems they just hate their jobs."
"Coming to Abe just 1 hour prior to to my flight, the airport was almost empty and security was a breeze. Just remember that with Allegiant Air if you check in and get your boarding pass at the airport, you will have to pay 5$. Also note that you have to pay a fee up to 35$ just to use the overhead bins! So basically the only thing you can bring on a plane for free is a small personal item that will fit in the seat in front of you. On my flight from Abe (Lehigh Valley) to Myrtle Beach, the flight was delayed about 2 hours because of technical issues on an outdated MD-80. Once on the plane, the seats were comfortable, even though they had pretty tight legroom. On the way back, our flight departed 5 minutes early amd was on time, however this time on a much newer A320. With tickets being cheap, there's not much included on your ticket since it's cheap, like complimentary drinks on other airlines, so overall I wouldn't recommend Allegiant."
"We will never fly Allegiant Air again. I used to suggest this airline to my friends and family in and from Rockford, IL because they fly directly from Rockford to the east valley and spared us the drive from Chicago. Let me tell you, the drive from Chicago is well worth it if you don't have to deal with this awful excuse of an airline. For some stupid reason, my husband and I decided to use Allegiant Air for a trip back to Rockford, IL for my grandmother’s 90th birthday. We had been planning this trip for a year. Both my husband and I are veterans so I have flown in everything from a 4-seater plane, a 12 seat passenger plant, a C-5 Galaxy, to a large civilian plane from Kuwait to Amsterdam to Chicago. In all that time I have never come close to experiencing such incompetence and poor customer service as I did when attempting to fly with this joke of an airline. Having used this airline a few times, I knew that check in and security took approximately 15-20 minutes, which was a good thing considering there are no amenities in the airport for your wait after check in except for some vending machines. We arrived at the long term parking about an hour and a half before our flight. We watched two buses pass us right by until we ran after one and caught it before it left us as well. That wait cost us almost 30 minutes. When we arrived at the check in gate there were no other passengers in line. We arrived at the ticket counter and the girl at the desk said she could print out our boarding passes but it would cost and extra $5 each. That’s not a huge deal, but she said she could download the app on my phone and we wouldn’t have to pay the fee. We weighed our bags and had to move some things around to make weight. The girl at the desk suggested different ways to move things about and was telling anecdotes about overweight bags and such and didn't seem in any rush at all. Then she started messing with my phone to download the app for the free boarding pass. Once again, there was no sense of urgency or warning. This process took about 15 minutes. Once she finished with my phone, she informed us that it was now too late to print our boarding pass and we wouldn’t be able to board the plane. She said Allegiant Air had a policy that they stopped printing boarding passes 40 minutes before the flight. Our flight was at 1:51 and the time when she told us this was 1:13, meaning it was 38 minutes before our flight. We were literally denied our flight because of 2 minutes and the plane was still sitting in the tarmac! Allegiant Air flights are delayed, so there was even more available time than that. We would have been able to make the flight if she had just told us that we didn’t have time to mess around with the stupid phone app and our luggage beforehand! We brought this up and she tried to tell us that we were too late when we walked up to the desk. Um, if it was too late at that point, then why in the world did she tell us to download the app and mess around with our luggage? Shouldn't she have told us that as soon as we walked up to the counter instead of chatting away for another 15 minutes? She said that we could reschedule for the following Monday for $75 per person. That means we would miss my grandmother’s birthday."
"Allegiant Air has perhaps the worst customer service of any airline in the US. Gate agents are not friendly or helpful. They can not adjust baggage fares or do anything outside of shoving you on the plane. When you need assistance you are handed a piece of paper with a phone number to call. When you call, you have a minimum 30 minute wait to speak to a human. This is particularly frustrating when there are 4 helpless human agents standing in front of you. After you pay all of their fees, it really isn't any cheaper than one of the bigger, more reliable and better customer service airlines. Don't waste your time or money with Allegiant Air."
"First flew Orlando to New Orleans in July with Allegiant Air. The pilot came in to land, sped up and took off again. Came on the intercom after several minutes and said all was normal. Next flight, Indianapolis to Orlando in Sept. Plane to depart at 8 pm, started boarding at a little after 7. Sat on the plane for 2 hours before departing gate. While backing out of gate a loud noise was heard, plane went back to gate where we sat for another 2 hours waiting for mechanics. Finally asked to get off the plane. Sat in a freezing cold airport for several more hours, along with about 140 other passengers, many of which were infants and small children. Flight cancelled, $8 vouchers handed out for food, but nothing open in the airport by then. Hotel vouchers given out, but most hotels they contracted with were full, or had no shuttles. We ended up paying for our own hotel, and we were finally able to get a room in at 1.30 am. Gate people were very nice and did everything in their power to help. My spouse and I did receive a total of $200 in flight vouchers. The plane took off the next day, late, but an uneventful flight. Delays are one thing, but safety issues quite another, and mechanical issues seem to come up in almost all of the passenger reviews that I have read."
"The one good thing I can say about Allegiant Air is that I found their staff and crew to be friendly. But that is it. We experienced mechanical issues on both the departing and return flights. Our return was delayed by 2 hours because they had no mechanic on duty. Allegiant Air does not follow industry standards with regards to baggage weights. Instead of the standard 50 pounds for checked luggage they use 40 pounds as the maximum. An overage by even one pound incurs a $50 fee. Although all airlines are now charging fees, it is obvious that for some, like Allegiant Air, the fee is more important than the customer."
"$400 flight is really a $700 plus flight By the time you pay all the add on fees to your $400 flight it ends up being $700 plus! Charges for using a credit card $23, what else can you use?Checked bag $40-50, some carrier usage fee another $22, fees to pick a seat, thought it was a given you would be in a seat, check in fees at airport. This was bad enough but when the flight was delayed 4.5 hours with several different stories, they lost total credibility with me. Attendants at the gate all gave me different stories, an $8 dinner voucher, that might get you 1/2 a burger if you are lucky, here at the terminal. Allegiant Air do not care about the customer, it's all about the company, my absolute last flight with these guys."
"Allegiant Air flight from Orlando to Austin was 1.5 hours late and return flight was 2 hours late. Really messed up my plans. Airline was not even apologetic, their attitude is - at least the flight will go out. Just been used to having much better service. However the price was better on Allegiant Air, but expect issues."
"I have flown with this airline many times. I have never had any issues with the services until now. When I booked our last fights you see the ticket prices and think, that's a good or reasonable deal. You pay for every single aspect of the entire flight. You pay for your ticket in the following ways: two people traveling round trip- two tickets per person each way (180ish) okay reasonable, must pay approx $20 per seat per flight to pre select your seat (even in middle seat!), must pay for all checked bags, only allowed one carry on not two like other airlines, then pay $22 to pay for the tickets at check out to use a card. Then you have to pay $5 per person per flight to check in at the airport. So our would be $400 tickets ended up right at $700 after fees (and we only checked 1 bag and downloaded the app to avoid $20 more bucks in boardig pass fees). Ridiculous!"
"This is my first time flying Allegiant, and I'm not impressed. I had to pay for baggage when I made my reservation, which was $50 for a checked bag. They also charge for carry-ons. Luckily, my fiancé and I just shared 1 checked bag to try to save money. We flew a different airline to Las Vegas but flew Allegiant on the way back. The other airline didn't weigh our bag because we paid one flat fee for our checked bag. Well Allegiant did weigh our bag and it weighed 51 pounds and they charged us another $50 so our 1 checked bag cost us $100 which was the cost for one of our plane tickets, which is outrageous. Other airlines usually only charge $25 and another $25 if it's over 50 pounds. Also, not to mention they do not offer a complimentary beverage. I will not be flying Allegiant again anytime soon."
"I have flow this flight between Las Vegas and Reno many times. They're always late. This time now, we're on the plane that for the first time arrived early, however we're waiting on paper work. The AC has been turned off and we're waiting in the Las Vegas sun. Cooking. The staff don't seem care, just as they always do."
"We were delayed, but not too bad. Rental car was on site for a small airport, however, I found rental car prices a bit higher than rental car prices at RSW (Ft. Myers). Was going to fly with them again recently when I saw ad for $72 to Ft. Myers, but by the time they added $119 fee onto the ticket, it was more than Southwest. Plus their baggage fee of $40 is quite high, and Southwest has no baggage fee. I'll stick with Southwest or Spirit when it flies in season to Ft. Myers."
"Flight was meant to leave at 8:30 - got call at 5 to say it was delayed 2 hrs. Upon arrival found out flight was cancelled and new flight was at 10:30 the next morning. Local area was sold out for hotel rooms and finally found one 65 miles away. Got up early next morning to make 10:30 flight only to find it was delayed 4 hours. Made no sense as the plane from day before was still sitting waiting. Crew was sitting on floor of gate area waiting to access the plane. Their only concession was we were offered one bottle of warm water for our troubles (they had no ice). Cost me an extra $250, 200 extra miles and extra day on rental car. Filed claim but zero response. I have flown 6 flights with them and 4 had major delays or problems. Never again never which is a shame as they are only airline that flies nonstop from LAX to FSD"
"Pay more money for a reputable airline. Flight delayed 5 hours which means we lost 1 evening of our 3 day vacation. They made no announcement to inform people or give updates, until a customer requested it. No customer service at all."
"To start off each leg I flew was delayed about 2 hours because of maintenance issues. The seats are very uncomfortable and the service is terrible. From what it costs for the ticket plus adding a bag you might as well take Southwest."
"Very difficult for a UK resident to quickly comprehend this airlines status but if I was to say this Airline makes Ryanair look positively awesome then that will give you some indication of where this outfit rank. We took what was meant to be a 45 minute flight approx from Vegas to Fresno, 1.30 pm McClaren departure only to land 22.45 with what must be approx 200 other passengers. All of whom were deplaned twice, made to sit hours in a non a/c aircraft whilst the company did their utmost to not only lose customers but I think crew members also. To add insult to injury after the second deplaining customers were told to go to a different unmanned desk for meal vouch urge that arrived to coinside with most of the concessions closing except Burger King. To say communication was poor was being kind. All I would say to UK clients thinking of using this low cost domestic carrier is think again, with the exception of $8 dollars for food for my family of four apparently as a UK customer who spent over $1000 on the tickets I can get $200 against my next Allegiant flight."
"Both of my flights were delayed. The second of which was delayed several hours. I know it's a budget airline so you really do expect to pay for everything extra, but once you add everything together it really isn't much cheaper than a regular airline. After my flight was delayed multiple times they finally let us on the airplane, but because it was so late their app wouldn't work for my boarding Pass. I then had to stand to the side while others boarded, even though I paid for priority boarding. I was scolded by the flight attendant for not taking a screenshot of my boarding pass. When I walked into the airplane it was not air-conditioned at all and they said they were having trouble with air-conditioning. It was at least 90°. The plane was filthy with trash everywhere. We ended up delayed again while on the plane and they told us there were mechanical issues. Needless to say I ended up not flying with them that day. I did however end up at a major airport on a major airline. Never again. It isn't worth the time, delays, and money saved to deal with them."
"Was supposed to leave Vegas at 8.03 and have a quick 2 hour flight. Opted out of paying to check a bag so I just paid the 9 dollars to take a carry on bag. Flight left as scheduled, flew for 30 minutes and then a Gauge stopped working, so they turned around and went back to Vegas. Said they would either have it fixed or an answer in 30 minutes. Finally at 9.30 they said they would be working on it to repair and print food ticket vouchers for everyone at 10 if it still wasn't fixed. 10 am and went 10.30 came and went with still no word. 11 they finally said wait 30 minutes and they would start loading the plane. 11.30 loaded half the plane and then unloaded it as something still wasn't right. At 12 12 they gave food vouchers, good for a whole 8 dollars. The whole time the flight crew were rude, no explanation, nothing. Finally got word that the new plane would be in at 1.30 and we would be on it. Finally at 2.30 we leave. They did give 50 dollar voucher, good for one year on an Allegiant flight. I'll never fly with them again so that's a waste."
"Delays, no communication, no responsibility - the list is endless. We could have driven to Las Vegas and back from Fresno on Sunday, August 16. Instead, we sat at the airport with a non-communicative and surly ground crew until they simply disappeared. Online flight Status was comical. You will make a mistake flying, no I should say \"waiting for\" Allegiant to fly."
"I bought tickets on Allegiant because their prices looked lower than other tickets. They charge extra for each checked bag and also say they will charge for carry ons. They didn't actually charge us for carry on bags. Our flight out of LAX was delayed for 2 hours and they never apologized or gave a reason. On our 5+ hour flight, they charge for any food or beverage. They won't even give you water - it's $2. Also, the seats are crammed so close together your knees touch the seat in front of you and I'm 5' 9\" tall. The seats do not recline. The flight attendants were not very friendly. My seat had something wrong with it and was fairly uncomfortable as well. The plastic form that the thin cushion attached to was bent or something. Also, in order to book a seat number, you have to pay extra as well. I think by the time I was done paying all their extra fees, I would have done much better on a different airline."
"Starting with baggage check - A long line at baggage check, three ladies working check in, but nobody was being checked in. Why? Because apparently they couldn't start checking our flight in for another 10 minutes. Keep in mind that they were just sitting there, doing nothing. Just waiting until 12.36pm so they could start checking people in. Meanwhile the line gets longer and longer and that's just the beginning. The rest of the flight, the delays, etc - awful."
"I used this airline to book a flight to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party. My flight was delayed by almost a whole day. This airline is ridiculous and refuses to help its customers for wasting their time. I tried numerous times to get some sort of compensation for having wasted a whole day because of their problems. My friend from Michigan was able to make it into Vegas despite the storm but, Allegiant, being the terrible airline that it is, couldn't deliver. So if you want to get where you're going, spend the extra money with a real airline and save yourself the headache."
"Leaving LAX was 45 minutes late and then upon returning 3 days later, there was 4 delays, a cancellation, and then 4 more delays. Missed my 52nd wedding anniversary with my family. We did receive one cold piece of pizza and warm coke for our anniversary from them. Thanks Allegiant for a memorable anniversary."
"Tried Allegiant Air for the first time, loved the direct flight. This is a \"shopping\" experience for sure when you book, you purchase everything separately, I did end up saving about $125 but it really wasn't worth it in the long run. Two hour delay (not weather related) which really screwed us up. Paid for one suitcase, but their weight limit was at 40 pounds, not the usual 50-and that ten pounds made a big difference-had to pay $5 each for boarding passes because we couldn't get their app to download on our phones, which was suspicious to me, since it was both of us unable to use it. I at least want some water on a flight without having to pay for it. So liked the direct flight, but reading the other reviews, we were not alone with what seems like a lot of delayed flights due to staff/plane management issues."
"I was very disappointed with Allegiant Air's professionalism and customer service. After being delayed 7 hours due to weather they canceled our flight due to a flight crew duty time limitation. Our flight was rescheduled for the next afternoon, but we missed a day of our bachelorette party in Las Vegas. Allegiant customer service were rude and uncooperative on the phone. They offered no vouchers or help for our lost time. I understand that the initial delay was due to weather, and nothing can be done about that. However the cancellation was due to flight crew hours and should have been monitored more closely."
"Unfortunately being from the UK I had never come across Allegiant Air before. The upfront airfare was cheap but then they get you with charges for, baggage, hand baggage, boarding card. The baggage allowance was a pitiful 18kg (39lb). The aircraft was grubby, the seats were very uncomfortable and the air crew were surly. No inflight entertainment and no complimentary refreshments. Avoid unless you really don't mind budget meaning basement level quality."
"I do not recommend flying Allegiant Air if there is any other airline. We arrived at the airport on time, flight was scheduled to depart on time, 1.34pm Florida time. We all boarded the plane and one of the flight attendants passed out and that caused a 45 minute delay, then we leave the gate to find that there is a mechanical issue with our plane, 90 minutes later we are at the runway taking off. We were in flight for 1 hour and was told we had to turn around and return as another mechanical error had occurred and we had to change planes. The flight that was to leave at 1.34 ended up not officially leaving Florida until 7.00pm causing us to have been on a plane for over 7 hours for a 2 hour flight. So take your chance if you wish but I for one will find an alternative to this airline."
"The counter staff at Pittsburgh were very nice, but it took more than 45 minutes to check in as the majority of the time there was only one staff member to check in the entire flight. The flight home was a different story. The staff at the counter were rude from the start. We had no opportunity to print our boarding passes, used the online service on their website and they refused to use them and charged us to print our boarding passes. My husband, who is disabled, was not able to carry his one personal bag and his cousin carried it for him. They told him that he would be charged if he carried it, even after he explained that is was for his cousin - who is clearly disabled and was at the counter. They did not care. Additionally, his wife was carrying a bag of snacks for us to eat while we were waiting for the flight. One of the counter staff said that he was going to charge her for that, even though she explained and they followed her to the gate and said something regarding it two more times. Finally, their baggage limits make no sense - a 125 lb person has the same limits as a 300 lb person. I will never fly this airline again."
"My flight from Los Angeles to Montrose, Colorado was my first time flying the airline and it will be my last. Our flight on 8/7/15 from LAX to MTJ was delayed over 3 hours. The issue seemed to be mechanical. It was very confusing when the screen at the gate did not have the updated departure time despite the fact that passengers were receiving text message flight alerts with delayed flight times. At one point the screen at the gate even said \"now boarding\" which was obviously incorrect. When I asked a gate agent which information was accurate, they were not helpful and did not seem to be informed. My flight from MTJ (Montrose) on 8/10/15 was delayed 7 hours. We were told that the plane departed Los Angeles to come to Montrose and had to divert to Arizona for repairs. I should have just assumed that the flight would be delayed and waited to go to the airport. I want an airline to fix the necessary repairs on a plane that I'm about to fly, but it is unnerving when the repairs are happening while you wait for the very same plane. It would be much more efficient if the planes were constantly maintained so that these long wait times would not be necessary. I also think it is ridiculous to charge a customer for a cup of water on a flight when they've been waiting in a very small and very hot airport for over 7 hours."
"Should my departure flight not have been delayed one hour, we would not have had to spend an additional 1.5 hours on the ground due to weather. My return trip was also delayed one hour and there were no weather related incidents - just poor management from this airline. On the return trip we were asked to general maintain the aircraft upon arrival at IWA. It wasn't much but isn't this why we pay so much for the airfare and two dollars for a glass of water? I couldn't wait to get off the aircraft before they asked me to vaccuum the floors. I thought I'd give Allegiant Air a try but will never use their services again."
"Not only were the flights extremely late, the staff and crew were very rude. When we arrived in Wichita at 5.00 pm for a 7.04 flight, we ultimately waited until 1.50 am on August 3, 2015 to board the flight to return to Phoenix-Mesa. The employees who occasionally appeared were so young that they found it more important to horse around up and down the jetways and ignore the requests for information from the passengers. Even the hostesses on board were rude to passengers. Their \"strength\" - flying directly into small towns - isn't worth the aggravation. I would definitely choose another airline next time, even if it means flying somewhere else prior to arriving at my destination."
"I flew Allegiant for the first time thinking \"even with some bad reviews, I am sure my flight will go smoothly without many hurdles.\" Not only was my flight delayed 3.5 hours going to my location, but delayed 6 hours going back home from my location. Passengers will given little to no information."
"Flight was supposed to leave at 3.38. Flight was delayed by two hours. When they finally decided to give us information they said we would board in five minutes. 30 minutes later still nothing. After an hour they told us the flight was delayed even longer due to mechanical issues. After waiting they decided to cancelled the flight until the next morning. All we were given was an eight dollar voucher for food. Steer away from Allegiant."
"After a 2 hour delay in leaving Las Vegas we arrived in Indianapolis for a change of planes to Orlando. After 3 hours of poor communication from Allegiant staff, we were finally told that there was a problem with lavatory hot water issues and computer problems that we had expirenced earlier in Las Vegas. The no refund exchange policy of this airline has caused us nothing but grief from these people. What appeared to be an economical trip turned into anything but. I can't understand how they can continue to get away with the shoddy business practices without any recourse. We are finished doing business with Allegiant and will never ride them again."
"I fly Allegiant Air a lot to see my family in Florida. I can justify some of what they do, no free pop or snacks, charging for seats, checked bags. But what I can't understand is the level that they take their fees to. $5 for a boarding pass? $30 for a carry on? This airline forgot what brought them: Good service and inexpensive prices. I will continue to fly them because they are the cheepest and the flight is non-stop. You get what you pay for."
"I just returned August 3, 2015 on Allegiant Air where I experienced a 22 hour delay due to mechanical issues. Our flight was supposed to leave Kalispell at 9pm on Sunday, August 2nd. We were told that the plane was delayed so we sat in the airport and waited. We were finally told after 2 hours that the flight was cancelled and we would have to get a hotel for the night. We were instructed to come back to the airport in the morning. This was a joke because they had to fly in the part they needed to fix the plane. We finally arrived at our hotel at 1 am and then returned to the airport at 8 am. We had to wait for Allegiant staff to arrive at the airport. By 11 am we were informed that the flight was again delayed until 6 pm. The staff were unapologetic about the entire situation. We finally departed at 7pm, 22 hours after our original departure time."
"(I previously reviewed Allegiant regarding my flight to MB, 7/25/15.) My flight home was scheduled 11.33am, Sat 8/1. Arrived at the airport and received a text that the flight was delayed until 12.03, then 12.33. Flight was finally boarded very late and it was extremely hot onboard, no AC. The flight attendants made some normal announcements, pilot says there is choppy air over NC, then plane shuts down. This happens 3-4x over the next hour. After over an hour, we are deplaned and told to stay at the gate and wait for an announcement as to when the plane would be fixed. Several times the employee makes an announcement that \"we will know something soon\". Finally they make the announcement that the flight is cancelled. They were rescheduling us for Sun 8/2, at a time to be later determined. Watch your email is all we were told. This is a Saturday night in Myrtle Beach, no hotels to be found, I was traveling with my mother and teenage daughter. There was no help with hotels. We had to find transportation, get a room, necessity toiletries, dinner etc. Only to find out that we were not scheduled to fly out again until 7.05pm Sun 8/2. This was a 32 hour delay. Such a frustrating experience."
"On Saturday August 1, 2015 my 1.28 pm flight was delayed to 2.31, then delayed to 3.02, then delayed to 4.28. When a plane was finally available it could not accommodate all the passengers. They asked for volunteers to give up their seats which I did. Getting my luggage retuned was a challenging 70 minute wait. I believe the flight finally took off around 6 pm. The next day, the same flight was scheduled for departure at 5.27 pm. It was delayed to 6.29, then delayed to 8pm, then delayed to 8.55. Departure finally occurred approximately 10.15 pm."
"We flew Allegiant and they left us stranded after midnight in Ontario CA. I was traveling with my 10 year old son and 18 month old daughter. This was after they delayed our flight, flew us around LAX for a while then landed in Ontario to refuel and left us sitting on the tarmac for over 3 hours. No apologies, no trying to make things better. You will need to email someone for help. Allegiant's pricing is deceiving by the time you add in all the baggage, boarding pass fees etc.. They have been less than helpful and offered little to no assistance or information."
"It is now very obvious why Allegiant's pricing is so economical. I guess as with everything else in life you get what you pay for. Apparently they do not know how to schedule their pilots efficiently and therefore have to cancel flights when they don't have a pilot for the flight that you paid for. To make matters worse, they cannot tell you when your flight will be. So now we are stranded in Raleigh, North Carolina waiting for either a phone call or text message to let us know when our flight will be. They refused to offer any assistance for hotels for the night and say they do not do that despite the fact that this is an Allegiant problem, not mine. They have been less than helpful and offered little to no assistance or information as to when and how I will be getting home from my vacation. So we will continue to sit and wait on Allegiant to figure out what they're going to do to get us home and until then we're stranded in Raleigh."
"Flight and rental car were both booked through Allegiant. The flight from Cincinnati was delayed due to someone inadvertently deploying an emergency shoot. It took over 6 hours to get the plane fixed with no options for alternative flights. The pilot gave out erroneous information about the situation during the delay. We were assured once we got to our destination that the rental car agency would be monitoring the flight and someone would be available to assist. Upon arrival no one was at the counter and the security guard said no one was ever available off hours no matter what the airline or rental car agency (Alamo) said. No Allegiant representatives were available or could be reached by phone. I tried Allegiant in an attempt to save a little money but by the time they add a fee for practically everything you end up paying the same price as other major airline for worse service and horribly uncomfortable seats."
"While waiting on the plane to land and to head off to Phoenix. It was an hour past the time it was supposed to land, so my wife asked the lady at the desk for an update as nothing was announced over the loud speaker. The lady was rude and unprofessional and answered in a rather rude manner. Then finally about 1.5hrs they announce something is wrong with the plane and it may be 2 hrs or so. So everyone waited patiently for about 2 hrs, then all of a sudden here comes that loud voice again and it said we don't have the part to fix it. There's no need to worry, But of course We are the ones that have been waiting for 3-4 hrs. Then they say a plane will be flying in from Florida to fix the plane in Ohio and it will be 2hrs till the plane arrives before they even attempt to fix the plane I will be riding. Keep in mind it's around the 5 hr mark now. Then they say if you want to give us your luggage we can return it to you, or if you stay we will have pizza! Really pizza? I did not sign up for a slumber party with strangers. Then to make things better the airport (not Allegiant) handed out cots so we're all camped out in the terminal. They didn't even offer any food vouchers or anything to make up for lost time."
"You book your flight and when you pick your seat you pay extra. They charge for a carry on and if you haven't prepaid for them it's $50 when you board. A check in line that wrapped around the building, the staff member greeting passengers on boarding looked straight over everyone and never said one word. The cabin was dirty and the seat next to me was ripped. The seats do not recline t back and are upright and very uncomfortable. We ordered a coke, water, M&M's, two cookies and crackers for a total of $12."
"I booked my daughter on return flight 638 from Sanford to Concord for Saturday evening. We were on our way out of the door to the Airport when we received a text saying the flight was canceled. No explanation, no information about rescheduling. I called the customer service line and waited for 1 hour and 47 minutes before someone picked up the phone. They told me the flight would not be rescheduled and we would have to catch the Wednesday flight 4 days later! Not an option for us, put my daughter and granddaughter in car and made an 1100 mile road trip. I wish I would have read other reviews before making this huge mistake."
"My family flew to Fort Lauderdale and back to Concord on separate flights. My first flight left on time but my sister's flight was scheduled to leave at 9am did not leave until 3.45 pm. On return flight my plane was scheduled to take off at 6 pm, we finally got on the plane after 7 pm and didn't take off until 8.30pm. My sister's return flight was scheduled to take off at 1 pm and didn't take off until 3.30. The customer service is the worst I have experienced. I needed to change a reservation (hotel room) and waited over an hour and a half for a someone to pick up the phone. Altogether I was on the phone for 2 hours and 24 minutes to change one hotel room."
"My family and I have flown with Allegiant Air at least two or three times a year from Cincinnati to Orlando/Sandford (back and forth) for several years now. Until Friday July 24 2015, our complaints have been minimal and at most had delayed departures because the planes weren't there yet! However, as of Friday July 24 2015, my family and I will no longer be flying Allegiant. We had an early flight out (6.45am), had checked in the night before, and arrived at 6.00am to depart as the airport is so small, it never takes more than 10 minutes to check in and get to gate. We couldn't find any signage indicating where to check bags through for Cincinnati and simply got in a line curbside because I had five days earlier experienced the same thing when dropping my son off to fly same route and had been directed there for checking his bag. We got in a fairly slow, long line and just as we reached the check-in attendant, after having been interrupted several times, she made the announcement baggage check in to Cincinnati, and several other cities was inside! We go back inside the Allegiant terminal, get in another line only to find out as we approached counter, we're told baggage check for Cincinnati was in Terminal A and pointed to a different area (one we never knew existed)! The attendant then tells us the flight just closed and we'd have to find another flight home and the fees would be $75 each person to do so. We explained we'd been there in lines trying to figure out where we were to check in and saw no indication Cincinnati was in Terminal A. To top it all off, the flight we were supposed to be on that closed at 6.10 had a thirty minute delayed departure. Had we known prior to arriving, we were to go to a different check in terminal, I would not be wasting my time sharing my negative review. We will be back to using sky miles again which is most likely less expensive in the long run as discount airlines like this one seem to nickel and dime customers anyway!"
"Flight from Las Vegas to Boise was scheduled at 4.30, got pushed back 1hr, 1.5hr, 2.5hrs then arrived at the airport where it was delayed an additional 2 hrs due to \"Maintenance issues on the flight coming from Fresno\" - flight ended up being canceled. Vouchers were given out with a 0$ balance. Next day there were 2 workers checking people in with no sky cap and at least 150 people in line. Flown with them once previously and it was a disaster as well."
"My family flew to Fort Lauderdale and back to Concord on separate flights. My first flight left on time but my sister's flight was scheduled to leave at 9am did not leave until 3.45 pm. On return flight my plan was scheduled to take off at 6 pm, we finally got on the plan after 7 pm and didn't take off until 8.30pm. My sister's return flight was scheduled to take off at 1 pm and didn't take off until 3.30. The customer service is the worst I have experienced."
"We live only minutes from Sanford airport but have never had the opportunity to fly out of there. My son and I were looking for flights to North Carolina and searched Allegiant. We made our reservations to fly up on Friday, July 24th returning the evening of July 25th. I was pleased with our flight up to North Carolina. Nothing major to complain about. We did not have checked baggage as our trip was only one night. Around 2.30 Saturday afternoon I received a text stating that our flight had been cancelled and a website link. The link was for their main website and offered no options as to what to do. I immediately got on the phone to call them and had to wait an hour and 10 minutes on hold before someone could pick up. The lady I spoke to simply told me my flight had been cancelled. I responded by saying that's not a problem just put us on the next flight out this evening. I was told that the next flight out would be Monday afternoon (this is Saturday). I was told I could receive a refund for the flight and given no other options. I asked if the company was going to pay for my rental car, hotel and food expenses for the next 2 days. Of course I received no reply."
"They promise cheap fares but you end up paying just as much as any other airline. Their \"fees\" are asinine. Once you pay the \"fare\" for their flight, you have to pay extra for each bag, including carry on luggage. If you don't pay online ahead of time for your bags you pay significantly higher prices to pay at the airport. You also must pay extra to choose a seat and extra for \"priority boarding\" and you are charged $5 if you do not print your boarding pass at home. I am sitting at home waiting for my flight, which has been delayed from 8.50pm departure to 10.15 to 10.45. I attempted to call them to find out if I should reasonably expect to leave today at all. I was on hold for 29 minutes, then hung up on. My second call resulted in a 57 minute hold after which I was told \"oh sorry\" for the hold and assured numerous times that there would be absolutely no further delays. I received two additional texts after that delaying my flight until midnight and then 1am. I am certain it is only a matter of time before it is cancelled completely. I am livid and have no recourse at this point because I don't want to waste many more hours trying to call them back or sitting in the airport waiting for the inevitable cancellation. Spend the extra money to fly elsewhere."
"Staff rude. Delayed plane 3 times before they cancelled. When asking there why all the delays was told it was not my concern and that they would let us know when there would be another flight. Had to sleep at airport with a handicap child. Did not offer a place to stay. Will never fly or recommend."
"Allegiant Air has the rudest staff and is always delayed. We were delayed both ways by hours, boarded and de-boarded twice, and then treated badly by customer service representatives when we tried to enquire about expected departure. This situation is normal for this airline and happened the last three times we flown with them. Never again!"
"Flew out of Fresno on a business trip with work, there was 14 of us in total. I arrived at airport two hours before departure, little did I know that we wouldn't leave for another 7 hours from expected departure. I was supposed to arrive in Vegas at 8pm Wednesday night, arrived in Vegas at 2.30 am Thursday morning. When departing Las Vegas on Friday airline was on time! But it was too good to be true, due to mechanical failures we sat on the tarmac for almost three hours."
"My first and probably last trip with this airline. The ground personal in both airports were inefficient and rude. At time of booking I advised of a wheelchair requirement. It was not offered at either airport and non were available. I attempted to check in online without success, so when I got to the airport I was charged $10.00 for a boarding pass. When I advised of my inability to check in online, I was told that was my problem. The return trip was delayed for 1 hour while we sat on the plane. The cabin personnel were very hospitable and helped offset some of the other negatives but not enough to get me to fly Allegiant again."
"Evening flights had lengthy, unexplained delays both directions. This was a great inconvenience, which employees were unconcerned about. I witnessed one woman charged an additional $100 for large carry-on bag. Minutes later the same employee helped another woman \"squeeze\" her carry-on bag into the holder and not charge additional fees. Both should have been charged the fee as explained in the reservation process. Seats don't recline at all, uncomfortable. Lower prices equate to lower service."
"I booked to avoid 10 hour drive to Myrtle Beach. Counting the drive to airport, it took 12 hours on Allegiant. Terrible airline and Huntington Airport. Gave them a 1 rating because zero is not an option."
"I made the mistake of booking my trip to Sioux Falls on Sunday July 19 with Allegiant. When I got to the gate the flt was posted with 25 min delay. We boarded flt and sat and sat there with no ac working. Now of course this is the middle of July in Las Vegas. After approx 20 min flt attendant advised to take out emergency card from seat pocket and use it as a fan! Flt finally left almost 2 hours late it didnt get cooled off on aircraft until we were halfway to Sioux Falls. I will never fly this airline again."
"After our flight was delayed four hours due to our plane breaking down, our flight was cancelled. They gave no vouchers for us even after spending all day at the airport and we were told that they weren't sure when they would be able to fly us out next. Complete waste of time. I will never use Allegiant again."
"I booked a flight in May to spend a few weeks at our condo in Boynton Beach with my family. We were supposed to leave on July 13 from SYR at around 6.15 pm but after a few hours of waiting, including at least an hour in the plane, we were told that the flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems, After a one hour wait we were finally provided with an hotel voulcher and a new flight itenary for the next day at 5.50. We had to get out of the hotel by 11am, so we ended up shopping in Syracuse and got back to the airport around 3.30 pm to be told that the flight was further delayed 10.35 pm. We finally got out at around 11.30pm and made it to FLL at 2.30 am. Really not a pleasant adventure. I just hope that our return flight on July 27th will be more pleasant."
"Flight was delayed 4 hours due to computer issue. They had to bring in a mechanic from over an hour away to make the repairs. Employee at the snack bar said this happens all the time. There is always some sort of mechanical issue. The stewardess was extremely rude to my sister when she was exiting the bathroom at the end of the flight. For our inconvenience we were offered 1/2 cupful of snack mix and a small cup of a beverage. The return flight was much better with friendlier staff. Not sure if I would fly this airline again."
"Today and the last 2 times we've flown with Allegiant there have been delays on every flight. We have decided to take our business back to Delta. For the money we pay we should at least be able to rely on flight times, especially when it's a business trip."
"Our flight to Honolulu was delayed for 4 hours with and upon entering the plane we sat for another hour and they offered one free ounce of water. One free ounce, after we sat and waited for their plane to be fixed. Family was traveling home from Honolulu and boarded the plane, sat, then had to exit the plane due to engine problems. They sat for an additional 5 hours in the terminal, then told the flight was cancelled and they would have to make their way to the ticket counter to get lodging and transportation vouchers. It was ridiculous. The airline charges for everything. You must pay to book flight online in addition to paying for ticket itself, pay for your seat selection, and pay for food and drink (including water) on the plane."
"We were to fly back to Pittsburgh on July 13, 2015 at 5.18 on flight 869. We boarded at about 5.00. When we entered the plane, it was extremely hot with 150 passengers. It was 95 degrees on the plane and there was no air blowing from the overhead vents. We waited on the tarmac to pull away from the gate for an hour in that heat. Flight attendants kept claiming the air would start as soon as we got up in the air and would cool down. Everyone was hot and complaining. Finally, the pilot said there was an error message and we had to get off the plane for maintenance to work on the issue. Maintenance showed up and could not fix it, we could not get another plane that night. After two hours they announced that we could find our own hotel up to $225 and would be reimbursed. The flight was rescheduled for 2.00pm the next day, which was inconvenient as the whole day is gone. We had plans for the next day just like every other passenger. The next day, we check in and I ask how to get reimbursed for food and hotel and the airport representative says she does not know if Allegiant is even reimbursing for food anymore. We show up for our flight and once again we don’t start boarding until 1.40. We notice that it’s the same plane. As we get on the plane, we realize it’s even hotter than the day before and even more uncomfortable. Once again, we take forever to board and we start to pull away from the gate. We are waiting on the tarmac for close to an hour as everyone is miserable and uncomfortable. I am pregnant, there were infants and toddlers that parents had to undress down to their diapers just to try and stay remotely cool. The flight attendants started to bring out complementary waters, but only made it halfway through the passengers, so not everyone even got water including myself. The pilot finally starts to take off and then we pull back into the gate. We are told an emergency plane will be there at 6.30, we will receive a $150 voucher per person, and we will receive food vouchers to eat in the airport. Our food vouchers were $8 each, which hardly covers any meal at the increased prices of food at the airport. We reluctantly decide to wait for the emergency plane. The emergency plane arrives and again we board late."
"Flight was delayed four times, for a total of 4 hours. Signed up for text alerts for both our flight and the incoming flight we were waiting on. Only received alerts for the first couple of hours. Allegiant even deleted our boarding passes on their app so used ID's at gate to board. Air conditioning did not work for several rows of seats, while my husband's did not turn off and it froze. If a traveller is not on a tight time schedule to arrive at their destination and doesn't mind being inconvenienced by their poorly maintained planes, their flights are very inexpensive. Bottom line - Allegiant passengers get what they pay for."
"Our flight was scheduled to leave at 6.20pm. The flight was coming in from Fort Lauderdale and was delayed due to weather in Florida. We received no notice at Hancock international of the delay. When the flight finally arrived at about 6.30 we were told there were some indicator lights flashing that needed to be checked out, but we would be boarding shortly. At about 8.30 we were told they were doing some diagnostics and paperwork and the issues did not affect the safety of the plane and the pilot said we would be going. A bit later we were told that the paperwork was still being done and we would be going provided we got wheels in the air by 11.02pm. They had us board at about 10.15 and I must say A 10-15 minute boarding of a full flight was impressive. We were pushed to the tarmac where we sat for about 30 minutes. Eventually we were told they had to power down and restart to reboot the computer. We finally were deplaned and given a hotel voucher but had to pay for taxi to it ($35). Flight rescheduled for 12pm the following day, we finally took off a bit after 5pm. We were given very infrequent updates, lied to about the issue, lied to that another plane was being flown up. You get what you pay for. Low prices and zero customer service. Never again."
"Our flight from Knoxville, TN was delayed by more than 6 hours, so the first day of our vacation was lost. The allegiant to go app. failed to work for me. The reason for the delay was because the flight crew had reach their maximum flight hours and had to rest for twelve hours. The flight itself was very loud. They don't tell you that Sanford Airport is a 45 minute drive to Orlando and the cheapest transport there is a minimum of 90 dollars. On the night before our trip back we received the alert to check in and once again the app. would not work. This time I couldn't access their website either. After several attempts that took about 2 hours I was able to check and get screen shots for the boarding passes but could not print them. Finally was able to email screen shots and print from my email. The return flight was on time and landed without incident. Basically, this airline is a good way to get to your destination if you are flexible (don't mind long delays) have a lot of time on your hands to jump through the hoops to get your boarding passes and don't mind the stress of trying to get your luggage fit with in the size and weight guidelines."
"Flight delayed over 4 hours on way from Cincinnati to Orlando with very little communication given as to why. No gate agents able to answer questions. Return flight has been just as bad. Boarded the flight, sat on the runway for over 30 min only to be told there was a light on and we had to return to the gate to have it looked at. Sat on the plane for 20 min and then told the plane needed further looking into. Now waiting in an airport with zero communication as to when a flight may be available. Horrible service. Will never fly this airline again."
"My flight to Las Vegas was delayed 4 hours so my first night in Las Vegas was ruined. Now on my way home and they have delayed my flight again! I also paid extra to pick my seat when I initially got my tickets online and they completely disregarded my seat choice so now I have to wait for that to be refunded also."
"My first time flying with this airline. Arrived on time (3.30pm) at airport only to find it extremely crowded. Allegiant is the only airline to service Stockton. My flight was scheduled to take off at 5.31pm. The 3.30pm flight was delayed. After checking in we were told our flight was delayed until 8.30pm. The 3.30pm flight finally boarded at about 6.30pm and sat at the terminal for another hour. Our flight finally boarded at about 8.30pm and took off a little after 9.00pm. Once we boarded we found out the aircraft A/C was not working. Our return flight was on time but the A/C was not working on that airplane either. It stayed extremely hot the entire flight. If you have time to waste getting to your destination and like to save money then this airline is for you."
"If you need to be somewhere then on time then this is not the airline for you. If you are ok with long delays and no compensation for flights that are cancelled then you could save money flying this airline. The first time we flew Allegiant, everything was fine. The second time, same route, was a disaster. We were scheduled to leave at 7.20 pm and did receive flight delay notifications throughout the day, but my complaint is, the airlines kept us at the airport for hours, promising our flight was \"on the way\" and we would flight out that night. We even began boarding the flight before they decided the flight crew had \"timed-out\". We did not leave until the next morning at 11 am and there was no compensation for the delay. We could have driven to Florida in the time we spent waiting for a flight that didn't happen. I can't believe the airlines didn't know the crew had timed out hours before they told us."
"Don't fly Allegiant unless you are ok with taking a chance on not getting on a flight the day and time you were planning. They are terrible! They delay flights, cancel flights. My first flight with them should have been an indication of what a nightmare this airline is. I was to get on a 4pm flight and they canceled it less than an hour before it was to leave. I didn't get on a flight until 8pm. They couldn't give a reason for the cancelation. The passengers sat for 1 hour on the plane and then Allegiant decided to cancel that flight because of mechanical problems. They said they had to get a mechanic from Salt Lake City and the flight should be ready to go in 2 hours."
"Leaving Las Vegas for a 10.35am trip back home, but without explanation a 4 hour delay. Airline attempt to pacify with a meal voucher. This is very frustrating. Left Brownsville to Las Vegas with a one hour delay. Never again."
"They used the same excuse as they did my last flight (LAX to SFG) a week ago that there were \"maintenance issues\" that caused the delay. That flight was delayed more than 2 hours (the pilot said we couldn't leave at the delayed time because there was still \"paperwork\" that was being filled out). Now the return flight is delay more than 4 hours. It hasn't even left L.A. Yet to get to SFG, when it was supposed to have been here an hour ago!"
"I'm writing this review as I sit with my family (8 of us) in the Sanford Orlando airport trying to get to Springfield IL. The 1:37pm flight has been delayed 3 times (3:30,4:45pm and 5:30pm) with no reasons given. This comes after a the 2.5 hour delay we had getting here last week. To add to it the flight from Peoria is also delayed currently. They boarded and the plane was not able to fly - so they got on another plane and it overheated. Read all the emergency landings and delays before you buy a ticket for this airline."
"Delayed 3 hours on both ends of trip. If you don't mind sitting around airports for hours this is the airline for you! The waitress we had for dinner at the airport restaurant said she makes most of her money on the delayed allegiant victims. Never again."
"The flight was delayed just short of 3 hours, and after boarding the flight attendants were less than kind or understanding of anyone on their flight. After all was said and done and finally in the air, I asked for a little water. The attendent said they would only sell me water and that was the only way I would be able to get any water on the flight. I was suprised and stated that I was under the impression that all airlines provide water to their patrons. She (the attendent) made sure to correct me and say if I wanted water I would have to purchase it. She was very unprofessional and rude. Allegiant as a whole was a very large let down and I shall not fly it again."
"This was a 1st and last experience flying with Allegiant Air. Flying out of Ft Wayne beginning with a 2 hour delay and once all boarded and preparing for take off we had to turn around because of a drunk passenger. Passengers had told Allegiant staff before we started boarding about the lady and staff still allowed the drunk passenger to board. Upon returning from our vacation again we encountered another 2 hour delay. Allegiant staff checking our baggage was very rude to several passengers. Customer service lacked in many areas."
"Absolutely horrible! They delayed the flights because the pilots didn't have the paperwork correct. So 12 hours later we are sitting at the airport when we are finally allowed to get on then they told us the plane wasn't working correctly. After 16 total hours of waiting we finally took off. The only thing we got was a free one cup of water."
"Allegiant Air has become known as the delay airline. Two (2) hour delay leaving St. Petersburg, 45 minute delay leaving Knoxville on my return flight. I have used this airline countless times over the years, and have even recommended it to friends. This was by far my worst experience flying. First they nickel and dime you for everything, including $5.00 to print a boarding pass, if you don’t spend the money to down load their app. The lady at the ticket counter in St. Petersburg was really just rude, the seats are cramped and not really that comfortable."
"Flown this airline several times from Clearwater to Des Moines and back. Started using Allegiant 5 years ago when we moved to Florida. In the early days, it was on time, convenient, and seemed to have few mechanical problems. Not so any more. Their increasing habit of nickel and diming their passengers to death is just annoying. Tried to add a carry-on bag and the app wouldn't work so they charged me $50 at the airport. Called customer service, waited 1.5 hours and they would not refund the $50. Next trip to DSM = Southwest."
"I usually fly Delta or Southwest. Despite the reviews I thought I would give Allegiant Air a try. Left from Tampa/St Petersburg. Arrived 1.5 hr ahead of time (yes, saw the 2 hr suggestion but always get through bag drop in 30 min). It took 45 mins to wait in line to drop bags. Just in adequate staff. We had to upgrade one of the bags we already paid for. Got through security just fine but the gate agent threatened to close the boarding door on my wife as I finished in security 20 mins before the flight left. We ended up being delayed leaving the gate because of a technical problem with the lavatory. The attendants yelled at several passengers because the did not put their phones away. They still use the old rule that all devices have be off during takeoff and landing. Not so good for kids. The fair was cheep but by the time you pay for bags and seats and show up early enough, just not worth it"
"I used to fly this airline and always said it was a great little airline. No more. My 2.5 hour trip from St. Pete to Rockford, IL took about 10 hours and two separate aircraft. First plane was brought back to the gate from the taxi way with \"mechanical issues\". After waiting another 5 hours for a second aircraft, the pilot aborted take off. Ground crews at both airports were very rude - that is if you could even find anyone with an Allegiant name tag, lol! As my final destination was Wisconsin, I chose Allegiant to Rockford to save on driving time once I had arrived. Never again."
"July 22, 2015 Allegiant Air's Flight 548 (LAS-BIL) was delayed 5hrs. Aircraft finally at departure gate A12 and passengers were informed by Gate Agents that boarding would commence as soon as replacement Flight Crew arrived. Passengers stood in boarding line for 1/2 hour when Gate Agents redirected passengers to gate A14, where there was no aircracft. Same gate Agent announced to passengers at gate A10, in line to go to Eugene OR. that their new gate of departure would be A12. Allegiant Air gave the aircraft away and cancelled ultimately cancelled Fight 548. Allegiant Air gave no reasons for cancellation and did not provide commodations or alternate air travel for that date. Fare refunded for that segment."
"Plane was delayed because of a mechanical problem, fixed it, took off and had to return to Vegas because of overheating on the engines. We were told there was another plane flying in from Stockton to replace this one at 5pm. Plane from Stockton did not come, we were given $8.00 food voucher, by that time only place open was Burger King. We were told we would be put up in hotels for the night. Our group's hotel was never confirmed in the end we had to find our own hotel and transportation, there was no communication at all, we were just left. We finally got to our hotel around 11pm that night. Next day we were suppose to be on a special flight at 5:10pm and home by 7:45pm. They boarded us late then we had to get back off the plane because there was a fuel leak. We finally took off at 6:30pm - not recommended!"
"My flight was scheduled to depart at 7.30 am. Now it's 2.15 pm and we're still waiting for the plane, they changed planes because the original had mechanical problems that they didn't realize until after we boarded. The funny thing about all of this is that I took the same flight last fall and was delayed 6 hours because they diverted our flight to a charter. They only reason why I booked a trip with them again is because they gave me travel vouchers. It was not worth it. If you read this, don't book a flight with them or if you do, expect a high probability of delays."
"The boarding was delayed by 40 min followed by sitting in the aircraft for almost 2 hours. I booked this flight as I wanted to reach NY early for the July long weekend but by the time the floght started, it was already the time I should have landed. Please don't book by being fooled into the cheaper fares, it is not worth it."
"They have great prices , but once you book, you'll find a charge for selecting any seat on the airplane, having any type of baggage with you, and printing your boarding pass at the airport. If you want to actually take advantage of that 75 dollar flight, you must travel in a swim suit with your mobile boarding pass on your smart phone. Why did I continue to fly this airline? Because for a while, it was the only airline that I can find that went to my destination. But it began with 2 hour delays on the flight (they seem to only fly one plane in one route all day so if the first plane is behind, the entire day is lost). Don't expect anyone to be at the counter if you arrived 2 hours before your flight is supposed to leave. You must show up 2 hours before your flight is scheduled to leave because one of their favorite pastimes is making you wait on them. Once you actually board the plane (4 hours later) it's not so bad. The flight attendants are pretty nice."
"Customer \"service\" is the worst. Despite purchasing Allegiant's flight insurance, one must call the airline to make any changes. Wait to speak with a human is routinely over one hour. This low budget airline needs to spend just a few dollars to provide even a minimal level of service. Some ground service personnel are clueless and unprofessional."
"The attendants at both airports and on the airplanes were nice and helpful. Very smooth flights on time both ways but we had an issue when my husband booked the flights and had to wait on the phone for around 3 hours before being able to talk to someone to resolve our issue. This is ridiculous. There were 3 of us and because of no customer service on the phone we will probably not fly with Allegiant again - too bad everything else was good."
"Stranded 2 families in Sanford. Had to rent cars to get to Clearwater and fly to Harrisburg and rent cars to ABE. Cost of car rentals inflated because a whole flight was cancelled. These were not cheap tickets at $400 per person."
"We were delayed four hours on our flight out of Northwest Arkansas for mechanical issues. On our return flight, we were told we would be delayed for 30 minutes because our flight attendants hadn't made it from California. About an hour later, we were told there was going to be another delay due to the cabin temperature being 100 degrees. They were needing to try to cool it down. It was so hot when we finally boarded, and it was about 35 minutes on the tarmac. We then are excited to finally land at XNA, and they tell us they are very sorry another plane is at the unloading bridge. It will be a few more minutes. Ten minutes later, they tell us there is another plane in front of us, and it will be another hour sitting on the plane as it quickly starts heating up again."
"Today is 6/28/15. My flight was to leave at 1:30pm. At 12:50 I got a courtesy notification that my flight is delayed and would now leave at 6pm. It also said flight time is not certain. Now I can't reach their call center. And it may take more than 1 hour to get an agent to pick your call. So I booked my entire round trip from another reliable brand to fly out today. It sure is a very costly lesson to learn."
"Three hour delay from Pittsburgh. 1.5 hour delay returning home. Staff were not very friendly. The low fare is a farce as there are so many add on charges for things that we paid more for our flight then friends who flew JetBlue during the same period and arrived on time both ways with free carry on, free drinks and snacks and TV."
"Flight cancelled due to mechanical issues. Passengers waited on plane an hour, then deboarded and were not told anything about the flight for another hour when told it was cancelled. Told something would show up in email. At the time no alternative flight. Later that night after alternative plans and an email appeared that told of a replacement flight the next afternoon. Most had made alternative arrangements since Allegiant did not usually fly on Saturday from Indianapolis. Told to call customer service for refund. Hold time greater than two hours. Took a full day of multiple attempts to get through. Very poor effort at informing consumers, very poor customer service. Will not fly again, saving $30 is not worth 2 days of hassle."
"Departure and arrival times seem optional and unreliable. I fly frequently, but this was my first my last Allegiant flight. I literally spent more time, both going and returning waiting out the delays than I did actually flying. This airline is perversely committed to making the passengers rue the day they opted to fly Allegiant."
"Good news for anyone who wants to gamble. You don't have to go to Las Vegas to gamble. Just buy a ticket on Allegiant Air. They may or may not get you to the destination. And they may or may not do it in a timely manner. And just like Vegas, if you lose your bet, Allegiant does not want to hear any complaints. Was scheduled to fly from Knoxville to Fort Lauderdale for a weekend. 24 hours before my flight was to depart, I got notification that it was delayed. Then 2 hours after the original departure time, it was delayed until the next day. I spent hours on hold trying to speak with customer service. I sent emails to their contact us email. The website says they will get back to you within 24 to 48 hours. My weekend has come and gone, still no contact. There is absolutely no expense wasted on customer service. There is absolutely no regard the customer."
"Low base fare, but be prepared to pay for a 3% credit card surcharge, $34 for your choice of individual seats among a limited range, $5 for a single boarding pass, $35 for each checked bag, $50 for each bag being over-weight (no inspection seal on scales). After 5 hour flight to Hawaii, we had to wait 35 minutes on the runway because of mismanagement concerning available gates to unload. We missed our connecting flight. Caution, schedule at least 2 hours for transfers in Honolulu. The airport is a joke. Good reliable aircraft, but you cannot get a cup of water for less than $2, on a credit card. Snack food only, so bring a peanut butter sandwich. Seats do not recline."
"I arrived at the airport 2 hrs early to find out the flight was cancelled with only a 2 hr notice. They put us up for the night in an awful motel. While at the motel other people that missed the flight informed me that some people took the later flight, and there was a flight going out at 10am. So I went back to the motel and waited 2 hrs to talk with someone about the 10am flight instead of the 8pm. Many other people had to go to other airports that night to keep from missing cruises, etc. The flight on the way back was 2 hrs late to top it off. So, the price was good if you have time to burn, but I will not be using this airline again, since it cost me more money to miss the seminar, not to mention the aggravation!"
"I will never fly Allegiant again. They don't have a customer service desk and will never refund your ticket. They delayed our flight over 5 hours and the most they gave us was a $50 voucher for another Allegiant flight and $8 meal voucher which is hardly enough for a meal at an airport. Don't be fooled by their cheap tickets, they will charge you for everything else!"
"My husband flew out of Indianapolis, delayed 4 hours on June 1st. Coming home today (June 13th) from Punta Gorda, the exact same thing. Because of plane issues. Absolutely ridiculous."
"We fly from KY to FL frequently on Allegiant because the fares are low. However, be prepared for virtually 100% of your flights to depart and arrive late, sometimes an hour or more. Also, if you have to change your itinerary, forget it. Just throw away your ticket since you can not make any changes, even for a fee online. We have waited on hold for hours trying to connect on the phone to a customer service agent only to be disconnected when their automated system tried to connect us to a representative. This happened multiple times. So if a Greyhound bus with wings with no service in the air on on the ground works for you, then Allegiant is your airline. Checking in with luggage is a hour long ordeal as well. The prices w/o extras or luggage are compelling and the experience then is bearable."
"Allegiant Air is definitely cheap. My husband's plane was delayed on his way to LAX and again on his way home. On his way home, it was because they had no co-pilot. As I write this review, we are still not sure that he will make it home today or how he will make it home at all. He may need to buy a ticket on another airline."
"Flew with Allegiant to Maui. We left Bellingham 4 hours late so I missed my connection. Cost me a night in a hotel two taxi rides and the cost of another flight to Kona on the Big Island. I have never sat in a seat so cramped. I am only 6'2 but my knees were nearly above the seat in front of me. Luckily no one sat beside me and I was able to swing off to the side. Yes the flight was very cheap. It was not worth it. Alaska would have been nearly $200 cheaper with all the other costs I endured. Have not flown with them again nor would I recommend them."
"April 2015 - South Bend Indiana to Punta Gorda FL. The extra charges are absolutely ridiculous - we pay for our seats for our carry-ons to take it inside the plane extra 100$ if we want a carry-on to be checked we pay extra charges if we pay with credit card we pay even for a printed boarding pass. All these services are free on major airlines. And then the flights are very frequently very late. Our flight was 5 hours late. Awful service the worst airline. They advertise the lowest prices but all the extra charges added up to a final ticket more expensive than Delta and it's not worth it anymore. Also be aware that if you reserve rental cars through Allegiant when you pick-up the car you will pay all the taxes that have not been added to your ticket and these are substantial. I will not fly Allegiant again and I wouldn't recommend it."
"Flight staff were standoffish. Flight 990 PGD-IND and flight 991 IND-PGD. The air was blowing in around the oxygen panel to the point that we had to be moved mid flight to another seat. Even though we were delayed 2 hours the sign at either airport never read anything but on time. The driver on the other end had no idea we were going to be two hours late. Had to board the plane from the stairs at the back of the plane! The plane was so cold coming home you could have kept meat frozen. The Air nozzle was broken and couldn't be turned off. Plane was full nothing could be done. I finally shoved a piece of paper in it to deflect the cold air. The captain spoke so fast that he couldn't be understood. Will I fly with them again - no."
"I've been flying Allegiant for years now between Ft. Lauderdale and Knoxville TN. No delays in the last year so I'm pleased (lucky!). The trip last week was my first on the different plane and I just hate the new seats. Hard and too straight my back was so achy I couldn't wait to arrive. I don't suffer back pains so I know the seats were the culprit. It's bad enough that they're so narrow but now they're like a board. It's not a long flight but must they make the ride so unpleasant? Don't they know how to make seats a little more comfortable?"
"Flew from Honolulu Hawaii to Las Vegas last night on flight 1050 with 13 family members. Flight was delayed 5 hours due to maintenance. I understand things happen beyond the airlines control. After sitting in the airport for 5 hours we board and find out no complimentary anything - not even water. Again totally fine. But when I am paying full price for food and drinks and the flight attendant assisting is beyond disrespectful to not only me but other people on the flight making comments like \"didn't the snack cart just come around?\" to a guy who was in the bathroom and missed it. Was extremely disappointed in the customer service I thought they were just rude to me. When someone is paying for over priced food and drinks after sitting in the airport not knowing if we are even going to be able to fly today. At least show some customer service."
"There is a reason they only offer flights that no one else does. They have more hidden fees than any airline I have ever used by about triple. You pay outrageous bag fees fees to choose a seat fees for in-flight snacks fees for boarding passes fees for a carry on. Make sure you don't take full size luggage or anything but clothing or you will be over the weight limit. Overall flying with Allegiant was the worst flight experience of my life. No inflight entertainment or even the option to purchase it."
"To say that this is an economy airline does not really label the airline properly. This is amateur hour. I am sure that they have some terrific flight attendants. I sadly did not get to meet any of them. Be warned none of the seats in the plane recline. Like many airlines now they charge for bags. Unlike any airlines that I know they limit the weight to 40 lbs. not 50 lbs. If a bag is 41 lbs. they charge for a full extra bag (if you have a 41 lbs. bag it costs $100). They charge for water. Our flight was delayed because they had not calculated the fuel requirement correctly and had to send 4 flight attendants and 2 ground crew up and down the aisle again and again counting the passengers. Unlike any other airline I have used one is required to turn all electronic devices off. Airplane mode is not acceptable. Unlike any other airline that I have used no one is allowed to use any form of electronic device during take off and landings. While that was common place 10 years ago that has been proven to be unnecessary on every other airline. The planes are old and well worn. I had never used Allegiant before this past weekend and will never use them again. I did not save that much money to make it worth while. Extremely disappointed."
"Flew from Allentown PA to St. Petersburg Int Airport Fla. on 1/31/2015 returned from St. Petersburg Fla to Allentown PA on 2/27/2015. Both flights going and returning were two hours late not a good thing! My wife and I were totally surprised how we were charged for everything from boarding passes to seats luggage food and beverage on the flights. The extra costs made flying with Allegiant not so cheap!"
"I have flown Allegiant for 5 years lately they have cheapened everything up cut out flights from the airport they used to serve charging for everything they can think of and in the last 6 months 3 out of 4 of my flights have been delayed several times one was 4 1/2 hours without so much as an I'm sorry! I will be using someone else from here on."
"Indianapolis to New Orleans 2-12 flight #755 2-19 flight 754. I fly a lot. This is truly the worst airline I have flown with. The only plus is that it was not stop. Both flights were delayed. Minuscule personal items one per person. There is a fee for a carry on and the small dimensions must include the wheels handle zipper luggage tag and anything else protruding from it!"
"Planes going and leaving were delayed because of issues with their planes. The fleet is very old had no inflight entertainment offered nothing to guest without requiring money and the experience left an overall bad taste in your mouth. If you fly with them download and register boarding passes and luggage early or you'll pay dearly for it. I won't fly with them again. Welcome to Indianapolis."
"We flew Cedar Rapids IA. to Mesa AZ. Flight was only 15 min. late. Seating very cramped and uncomfortable. No problems with personnel.. We had to change reservations. Went online and were given a number to call. Waited 45 min. to get to talk to anyone. No problem once we got through. We had to cancel our return trip. Again waited 45 minutes to talk to anyone. We cancelled two months before scheduled flight and was told we could only receive a voucher for another flight. The voucher was good for 12 months but they dated it from Aug. 2014 . The flight was for April 2015. This made the voucher useless to us. All in all the lower fare was not worth the hassle."
"We flew Cedar Rapids IA. to Mesa AZ. Flight was only 15 min. late. Seating very cramped and uncomfortable. No problems with personnel.. We had to change reservations. Went online and were given a number to call. Waited 45 min. to get to talk to anyone. No problem once we got through. We had to cancel our return trip. Again waited 45 minutes to talk to anyone. We cancelled two months before scheduled flight and was told we could only receive a voucher for another flight. The voucher was good for 12 months but they dated it from Aug. 2014 . The flight was for April 2015. This made the voucher useless to us. All in all the lower fare was not worth the hassle."
"Wont ever fly them again! Cheap is cheap you get nothing comfortable or convenient. All I can say good is we got from point A to point B. They charged us 50$ for a bag that was 46 pounds (most airlines that's within the 50# allotted). They are rude. No snacks nor pop are free even after delayed twice. Seats have no room and plane is cramped badly. Very uncomfortable flight. We sat waiting to even pull away from where we board for 40 minutes before getting out to taxi down runway. I would pay the little extra and fly a better airline any day!"
"This airline has an affordable price. But it needs improvements in some areas. Pros: good price non-stop extras are not built into the price you have a choice what you want to pay for (seats beverages food priority check- in baggage options). Cons: I purchased \"trip flex\". Could not change my flight online. Needed to call a rep. Waited 1/2 hr for a rep and took approx 1/2 hr. to get one leg of my trip changed. Very slow. When I got to the airport nowhere was flight info. posted. I had printed off my boarding pass and did not want to stand in line to find out what gate to go to. Had to ask a baggage person who was unsure and he found another employee and finally got my answer. Got to where I was hoping my gate was to find no agent. Other people were sitting around in confusion as well \"hoping\" they were at the right gate. Still no flight info on the screen. Had checked my flight status before leaving which posted \"on time\" and after asking other passengers (still no agent) found out that the flight was delayed 2.5 hrs. You do have a text option for alerts which I signed up for but did not receive."
"We travelled to Phoenix on January 19th and returned on the 26th. We are very upset by all the extra charges. They offer cheaper rates but then add on $75 for one piece of luggage $25 for a carry-on $18 to select a seat plus all the taxes. Why don't they just make it a one fee and include everything? The airline does not offer free (or any) coffee tea or even just a glass of water. You must purchase everything else you want to drink. Where is their customer service?"
"Flying with Allegiant used to be a great experience but not anymore. I recently went to Las Vegas from Des Moines Iowa and the plane had a problem and we had to spend 2 hours in the uncomfortable seats before takeoff. Nobody bothered to offer us water or anything. After 4 hours of being in the plane we got to the destinations. We didn't have too much luck on the way back to Des Moines I was charged 50$ for a 8 pound carry on because their site will not work properly so I couldn't add it online for 18$ fee. They're ridiculously charging for choosing the seat boarding pass carry on and water and soon for the oxygen that we're going to breathe on the plane. I'm really upset because it's such a disappointment to travel with them these days. I hope they will get better."
"When I first started flying from PHX to BIL on Allegiant about four years ago I was thrilled large plane direct flight great prices. Even though I had to drive 2 hours to get to Phoenix from Tucson it was worth it. I told everyone about this great little airline. Well that great little airline seems to be suffering from growing pains. In other words they've gotten too big for their britches. They're charging prices like the big carriers (in spite of the fact that fuel prices are half of what they were a year ago) but not offering the same service. They nickel-and-dime you to death: $5 to print your boarding pass for you? $50 for an overweight bag (down to 40 lbs. allowable - it used to be 50 lbs.). Having to purchase water? Paying for seat assignment and checked and carry-on bags? What's next pay toilets on the plane? The worst part is trying to call their \"customer service\" number. I needed to change my reservation but wasn't allowed to do so using their website. While I waited on hold for 35 minutes to find out what the additional fare would be I had to listen to a recording continually telling me that I should be using their website instead. On the up side both my flights were actually on time for a change. Allegiant seems to want to charge large carrier prices without providing large carrier service (which isn't exactly anything to rave about either). If they want to sit at the grown-ups table they better learn to put their napkin in their lap instead of tucking it under their chin. Speaking of napkins I wonder when they'll start charging for those too?"
"Nickle and dimed! We were trying to fly from PA to FL on the cheap so we went with Allegiant. Big mistake. The base fare may seem inexpensive but they charge extra for everything (carry-on +$30 pick your seat another +$30 drinks snacks $5 etc.). The flight attendants were cranky and rude! My husband is tall and he has a bad knee so we paid $32 extra to reserve his seat in the emergency exit row (more legroom). I was led to believe that I would be seated next to him if possible. Not so. I checked-in on-line exactly 24 hours before the flight and was seated on the opposite end of the plane. Just before take-off we noticed that the seat next to him was empty. I politely asked the flight attendant if I could sit next to my husband and she rudely barked that I could not sit there as it was an exit row and I hadn't paid an extra $30 to sit there. I quietly returned to my assigned seat. If you're thinking of flying with this airline just be sure to calculate what you're actually spending (after baggage fees picking seat fees printing boarding passes fees getting a drink of water mid-flight fees etc.) and be sure to factor in dismal customer service as well."
"Got evicted from my seat for being \"too attached to my grandchildren\". My husband and I took our family - 9 adults 4 children 2 infants-to Hawaii. We paid extra for the better seats for all of us and also for two exit row seats for my husband and myself. We were very pleased with the seats and the legroom for the price we paid. However While waiting an hour on the tarmac for the plane to take off I and many of the other passengers used that time to get up and stretch our legs. I talked to my family and helped entertain the grandkids. Upon returning to my seat the flight attendant told me that I had lost my chance to be in the exit row because I was \"too attached to my grandchildren\". I was incredulous but she was very firm. I had to switch seats with my son for the entire flight to Hawaii. So beware - if you are in the exit row - don't act like you like children."
"I have flown from South Bend Indiana to and from Punta Gorda Florida several times on Allegiant each time I ask myself why? Well after today no more. They had 4 flights scheduled from Punta Gorda this morning but only 3 ticket agents on hand. As a result we waited in line for 1.5 hours to get on the plane only to be told by the boarding stewardess to hurry as they wanted to leave on time and that we should have got there earlier. Flight crew was crabby and bossy service in general poor. Back to Southwest for me!"
"I fly a lot and when I heard Allegiant was coming to Indianapolis I was very excited. That changed quickly. Be prepared for the following fees on top of the airfare: Between $15-$30 to choose your seat. That's each way not round trip. If you are flying with a family there is an extra $100 easy. $15 each way for a carry on bag. You can only bring a lap top bag for free. $15 to use a credit card when checking out. $50 for a checked bag. Online booking fee. $5 to print boarding pass if you do at the airport. All in all it was about $60 cheaper than Southwest for me to get to Tampa from IND. If they just rolled all those fees into the total price I would be happy. But they make you first decline a hotel rental car attractions trip protection. Then you have to go page by page with the fees. By the time I got hit with a $15 credit card fee I was exhausted. Also no place to put your Known Traveler Number. Be ready to wait on hold for over 30min for that. I'm afraid if I do it at the airport they will charge me another $10!"
"I went from Provo to LA. I was stuck at the airport with 3 kids for 13 hours while Allegiant kept delaying our flight. Finally after flying home and being unable to land we flew to Las Vegas. It took another hour and 3 lines later to get a room. I could have drove home and to Disneyland twice in the time it took to fly with them. Actually I would have drove home if they would have been honest at first rather than keep delaying. My husband and I both missed a day of work."
"LEX to PIE. PIE to CVG. First time with Allegiant and last. Seats are plastic with minimal padding I don't mind the non-reclining but 2-3 hours on a plastic kitchen chair is uncomfortable at best realistically it was painful. Five flights leaving PIE on the 3rd of Jan all delayed at least an hour. Five flights of people in a four gate terminal. There weren't enough seats the snack bar ran out of food and TSA was a joke. Check-in was a circus with the clerks culling certain flights to check in first. Not because of time they just chose to do it. Sorry Allegiant you're not an economy airline just a bad one."
"Flew GRR to Sanford/Orlando Jan 3. Flight was over 3 hours late. Of the last 3 flights on this route all three were over 3 hours late. Very poor! I think they may need new management. Airline used to be quite good and on time. Other passengers gave us the same story on their flights in recent years. Next time we'll go Southwest from MCO."
"I use Allegiant because they fly to some smaller airports at very competitive rates (Sanford Roanoke). On Christmas eve last week I boarded the 1st plane for an hour before a maintenance issue came up and we deboarded. 2 hours later we board a second plane which flew for about an hour before returning to Sanford. This is probably because Allegiant flies the oldest fleet in the country. We were told another plane would be there by midnight (13.5 hours in Sanford airport). So I missed Christmas with my family. But they did give us $8 for food all day which doesn't cover the cost of the cheapest burger available and a $100 voucher which I had to call twice to use. I guess this is what comes with being the lowest cost ticket."
"My flight from MOT to LAS (447) scheduled for 1/2/15 for 6.20pm. After 3 delays we got word that our plane had finally arrived. Instead of pulling into the airport terminal it went to the Fedex hanger. Of coarse they had to have the crew go pull them out by the time they offloaded the crew had reached it's \"time\" for the day but if they hadn't been delayed 3 times and then parked at a Fedex building instead of the terminal then they wouldn't have run out of \"time\". So 5 hours waiting at the airport were a waste and instead of just cancelling the flight right away we were not honestly communicated with. We were informed that night that the flight would be 9.30 am. After arriving to the airport I get a call and email saying the flight had been rescheduled for 1.15. So after I return again to the airport the flight is delayed but this time no warning or communication. Just time to board comes and goes. An update came at 2.30 that they were having troubles with the plane and that they would have it fixed momentarily and be on there way. At 4 they told us they were all clear that once the flight crew gave the go ahead then we would begin boarding. At 6.30pm they told us the plane wasn't going to be able to fly. They then told us that in 2 hours a new plane would be coming from Fargo to pick us up. So it is now 7.39 and I have been here in the terminal with no food or drink waiting for some honesty and communication from Allegiant. I can deal with being caged I have a pc tablet cell phone and book. The worst part is the elderly and small children."
"I've flown Allegiant many times and always from Bellingham to Palm Springs Palm Springs-Bellingham. The only reason we take Allegiant is because we live near Bellingham and Palm Springs and they have direct flights. The seats don't recline and couldn't be much closer and they charge extra for everything. But today on the flight from KBLI to KPSP was really miserable the plane left an hour late but worse because the floor and my feet were freezing the entire time we sat on the tarmac and during the entire 2.5 hour flight. I would definitely bring winter gear next time I fly Allegiant in the winter. I have never experienced such a cold aircraft floor on any flight in over 30 years of flying on a dozen different airlines."
"Our trip was from Ft. Wayne IN to Tampa Fl. Allegiant made us believe that we would be flying into the Tampa International Airport we actually flew into the Clearwater/St. Pete Airport. We made arrangements to rent a car at the airport but because the car was not at the airport we landed we had to pay ($35) for transportation to the Tampa International Airport to get to the car. On the return home we had to return the car to Tampa International Airport and pay ($40) for transportation to get to the Clearwater/St Pete Airport to our flight home. The people at the car rental office says this happens all the time because of Allegiant Air's miscommunication! We got a great deal on our airline tickets but we had to spend so much extra on the car that we'll certainly think twice before using Allegiant Air again!"
"Flight 105 on Nov 10th from Peoria to Phoenix/Mesa. I was recently on a flight from Peoria IL. to Mesa AZ. The fasten seat belt sign was on for over two hours even though the flight was mostly smooth and little turbulence. An elderly gentleman got up to use the restroom and was told to return to his seat. The flight attendant was very rude with a control complex. I have never been on a flight where people were not allowed to get up and use the restroom."
"10/25/14 flight 581 from Bellingham to Las Vegas and on 10/26/14 flight 580 from Las Vegas to Bellingham. The trip down on flight 581 was severely delayed. Taxied down the runway only to have to come back to the gate when a warning light on the navigation system came on just before take off. At the gate 20+ minutes later they thought they had it all sorted out and were wrapping up paperwork went to push back from the gate and the light came on again. Thankfully after a few more minutes they let us off the plane and kept us in the terminal. Flight eventually was given permission to travel without the navigation systems but had to redirect flight path and had to fly at a lower altitude to avoid traffic. This crew was friendly and polite and the pilot kept us informed of all the things that were happening. The major downfall our flight landed almost 4 hours later than scheduled and the only compensation we received was a free $2.00 beverage. Flight 580 the next day was better in some ways worse in others. Again taxied down the runway and were next to take off when a warning light came on. We sat on the runway for about 30 minutes waiting for the issue to be fixed. Sadly the crew was very rude both in person and on the intercom barking orders and coming dangerously close to a yelling tone with passengers. This was not my first poor trip with Allegiant but it will be the last. The low ticket price is no longer a selling feature since they gouge you on fees for everything including printing a simple boarding pass. Driving to SeaTac Airport is about the same cost when you add in all Allegiant's fees but comes with the added peace of mind when it comes to mechanical soundness and pleasant staff."
"Flight was cheap. Flew from Duluth MN to Las Vegas. The flight out was freezing and the flight back was hot. They save money by not turning anything on until you're in the air. No assistance from staff and the pilot remarked more than once that they are only on the plane for our safety. They just talked to each other the whole flight each way. Did load the App on my phone and scanned ticket so we saved money. You get what you pay for. Just be ready for it and read the fine print."
"If you're flying out of Phoenix AZ area in the middle of the summer you may want to rethink this budget friendly airline! We arrived at the airport 2.5 Hrs prior to our flight leaving. Got through the baggage check security etc and arrived at our gate with about 1.5 hrs to spare. The temperature outside is well over 100 degrees so onboard the interior of the plane is very hot. Everyone is seated the plane is full and the flight attendants proceed to give the safety features etc meanwhile there is absolutely no air moving on that plane. I had no idea that Allegiant will not turn the air on until you've taken off! Meanwhile it is absolutely miserable! It would have been nice if the flight attendants would have at least made an announcement saying that they don't turn the a/c on until takeoff. The seats do not recline and there's very little leg room. I realize this is a cheap airline but I would rather pay more money to have the little extras like air conditioning during the summer in the desert seats that recline and free soda & snacks! After reading about others' horror stories with delays etc I'm thankful that we did not experience any of that! Our flights were on time but will not fly Allegiant again."
"When our daughter decided to get married in Las Vegas my husband and I were not able to find a return flight on the necessary day so we decided to split our flights and we took a competitor's airline going to Vegas and Allegiant coming home to Billings Montana. The flight to Vegas was a dream I wish I could say the same for the flight coming home on Allegiant. First we are charged $10 for our boarding passes even though I told the lady that I had them on my phone. Then she told us our flight had been moved up an hour so we ran through the airport made it through security and up to the boarding area only to be told that our flight time had not changed. Then we get on the plane and are told that there are snacks available but only if you pay for them and that includes water and ice. I could not believe that after paying $300 for our tickets we couldn't even get a bottle of water for free. Throughout the 90 minute trip the flight attendants only came out of their little cubby hole when they were doing the safety check and to go down the aisle to see if anyone wanted to buy anything. They were rude and spent the entire flight talking to each other about personal happenings. I thought that I would save a few dollars by taking Allegiant but in the end it ended up costing me more than any of the other airlines. I can honestly say that I would rather pay a little more to be able to get a drink of water if I need one and to have someone friendly and happy to see me come on board."
"Allegiant Air was a bad experience for me and my 7 year old. Booked a trip from Punta Gorda to Knoxville I almost didn't make out of Punta Gorda. We got to the airport early and then the flight was delayed (all of the flights were continuously delayed). One ticketing agent said it was weather but the weather was clear where the flight was coming from so I asked another agent and she said they didn't have enough crew. We were packed in that small airport like sardines with kids screaming people yelling not enough seats for people to sit in. They cancelled some of the other flights but finally got another plane and crew that came from Fort Lauderdale for my flight. Six hours after arriving at the airport we finally left. After this experience I will pay the extra money for another airline. My chances of getting out of an airport on time are better and at least I will have the option of being rebooked on another flight or getting compensated. Budget airline = budget experience."
"Yes the price is certainly right and a direct flight is a definite plus especially for my husband who is handicapped. However in that vein this airline is certainly not handicap friendly. Ask for a wheelchair and they will sling one at you at the Check In (wherever that is in the airport). Upon disembarking the flight attendant announced that wheelchair persons would have to wait until all (159) passengers had left the plane. When my husband and I moved up to the front seats to wait at a break in the line the flight attendant said \"I told you to stay seated until all passengers had left the plane\". When a person finally arrived with a wheelchair and helped my husband up to the gate that's as far as they go. Carrying two bags of medical supplies and pushing the wheelchair we trudged off to baggage claim and then lugged everything out to the curb around the corner to a taxi. Had the same treatment on the flight home. But as I said the price is certainly right and you get what you pay for!"
"Outbound flight Las Vegas to Grand Rapids (MI) was fine but on the return Allegiant had some staffing problems which led to delays and more delays and the flight eventually took off a full day late. It would not have been so bad if they had just been honest up front but they piecemeal the delays provided little information - and sometimes misinformation - and at times they were downright rude particularly on the phone where it was very challenging to get through in the first place. For the trouble they offered up a $100 voucher good only on the same route. The lost time and aggravation cost in many ways much more than anything I saved on a discount fare. Never again."
"Flew from Orlando (Sanford) to Grand Rapids MI. Just a few things to be aware of - the weight limit on checked bags is 40 pounds. You are allowed one free carry-on bag provided it will fit under your seat. You have to pay to use the overhead compartment (the overhead compartments were bare on my flight). The seats are tight and do not recline. While boarding and sitting on the runway - Allegiant turns the cabin air conditioning down to save fuel so depending on the outside temperature it can get pretty hot. Their airplane fleet is made up primarily of older McDonnell-Douglas MD-80's - cabins show their age - noises and creaks aplenty. The flight crew aren't particularly helpful or pleasant but suffice. Now the positive - my ticket was 139 dollars. There you go."
"After some apparent misrepresentations about our 1st plane we left Sanford at about the same time that we should have arrived in Allentown. Of course we boarded a 2nd plane only about 1.5 hours late but could not depart because it had an A/C problem which was corrected in a mere hour as we sat entombed under the FL sun! No flight attendants displayed name badges. Does that tell you anything?"
"July 31st stuck at airport. Flight has been delayed. From all the reviews I have read this is apparently a reoccurring issue with this airline. Allegiant need to get their act together. They charge for everything so don't think you are saving money because you are not. You can fly better airlines and save yourself the stress."
"Allentown to Orlando Sanford on 28th July 2014 and return flight from Orlando Sanford to Allentown on 1st August 2014. Very poor quality airline used them from PA to Florida and back and they were over 3 hrs late going and 2 hrs late returning the staff attitude ranged from poor to average and if I had a choice I would not fly with them again."
"I thought this was one of the worst travel experiences I've ever had. It was the first time I flew with my 5 month old daughter we were the last to board my husband and son boarded first they had no priority boarding for people with small children the aircraft was old and dirty. There was a charge for everything including carry ons which I paid but refused to pay the fee to sit together. I thought the airline was tacky and cheap. I can understand paying for something that's new or worth it but this airline was old and sub standard. Luckily it was a short flight."
"Flew from CVG to Myrtle Beach on July 18th (flight 1113) and returned to CVG on July 25th (6pm gate B2). Both flights were delayed for over 2 hrs. The return flight was loaded and taxied with a 30 minute delay the final 1.5 hours was sitting on a plane with no air in the Myrtle Beach sun. Staff was nice and did their best older flight attendant (woman) was spectacular. Sorry doubt if we will use this airline again."
"Flew from Ashville to Punta Gorda. When I got to the airport I was told that the flight was delayed due to a mechanical we were expected to be late about 3 hours no offer of a voucher for a meal nor did they apologize it was very matter of fact. When we boarded the plane the first thing I noticed was how dirty and tattered the plane was it was an older MD-80. My seat was clean didn't recline I was more annoyed with the garbage that was surrounding my seat and in my seat back pocket and when I rang my Flight Attendant call light I was approached by a rude older male flight attendant who refused to take the garbage until after we took off. Once we were at cruising altitude the crew came out and sold all sorts of snacks and beverages not bad. Had an issue with my hand baggage being in the aisle. Allegiant as a whole was not a bad experience the ticket was inexpensive I would like if Allegiant perhaps gave their Flight Attendants especially those lovely seniors a class in etiquette and professionalism."
"TOL (Toledo) Ohio to PGD (Punta Gorda) Florida. Check In: Went smooth no issues with checking in and sent on my way. Security: Efficient and quick. Boarding: Very unorganized the gate agents didn't seem to have a grasp on customer service either. Boarding announced by someone who couldn't speak properly into the phone and 90% of her message never came through we all just sort of looked perplexed and formed a queue only to be snapped at for not boarding in the correct manner of which we never really heard. Upon entry into the old and tattered MD-80 we were greeted by a very sweet young lady and an older middle aged asian man who never smiled and he swiftly snapped at me \"Seat Sir\" he was the lead flight attendant and we all would endure his wrath later. Flight: Take off was quick the crew were up and out in the aisle within an hour after take off that probably had something to do with the argument the flight attendants were having in the rear. Once in the aisle the crew were pleasant and were very happy to be doing their jobs or at least they appeared so. Overall: You get for what you pay for apart from that not too bad."
"Flew July 11 2014 from Las Vegas to Casper WY - flight attendants were either inattentive or rude. Thought it was just a one time occurrence but we flew back from Casper WY to Las Vegas on Monday July 14th and the crew was worse. Plane was filthy front lavatory was inoperable. Spend the extra money and fly on an airline that at least acknowledges that are a person first and a customer second!"
"Our flight to Oakland from Phoenix-Mesa was delayed 3 hours (no other flights in either area were delayed) and then we waited an hour at Oakland until our luggage came. No explanation was given. I am currently at the gate waiting for my return flight which was just delayed 40 minutes because one of the flight attendants has not arrived yet."
"Fly from GSP to SFB frequently. If you like riding a bus this is the airline for you. Cheap yes. In every way. Their fares look great until you start adding up all the extra charges. Never on time and if you have baggage pack a meal while you wait for it! Most uncomfortable seating ever. I guess if you only fly once a year it's OK to be inconvenienced but if you need to be somewhere on time look elsewhere!"
"On July 3 I lflew out of Asheville NC for Sanford/Orlando as this was my first time flying with Allegiant. I printed out my online boarding pass arrived before the time indicated and received an official boarding pass which indicated which gate I was to go to board the plane. The flight was on time and the pilot and crew were very courteous. Was a great flight! However the return was a disaster! On July 6 I was to fly out of Palm Beach Intentional. As before I printed my online boarding pass and arrived before the time indicated. This time I did not receive an official boarding pass indicating what time I was to go to board the plane. Instead I received the printed boarding pass that I proved which was torn in half and the gate number written on it. She instructed me to go to the left towards security and afterwards I would see the areas that indicated which gates. I went through security as usual and then proceeded to the gate written on the boarding pass. At the gate there were very few people there and I saw no Allegiant advertising. I asked someone who worked at the airport and she said yes you have the right gate. Since ever all flights were being delayed due to bad weather in the area I thought mine had been as well. About 10 minutes after the flight was to take off I saw one of the Allegiant employees who had been checking people in when I arrived. I asked if the flight had been delayed. She told me no I had missed my flight. I showed her my boarding pass with the hand written gate number on it. She informed me that that was the wrong gate and that she didn't recognize the hand writing. I feel that if I had been given an official boarding pass that indicated the gate number I would not have missed my flight."
"June 22/23 were 859 and 5859 from CVG to PIE. After experiencing 7 delays plus a total cancellation of our flight on June 22 this is the bottom line (according to me). Allegiant is simply unable to accommodate delays (weather/mechanical) flight crew timing out or what have you. The fleet is very small so they cannot put you on another flight like the other big carriers can nor do they have contracts with other airlines to re-book you and get you on your way. After the headaches disappointment worry and trouble I went through for my trip the savings was just not worth it. Its not to say that Delta does not experience issues they do they are just better able to accommodate and/or offer options."
"My daughter's Flight 150 scheduled to leave Mesa AZ to Missoula MT on July 5 2014 at 7.40am finally left at 4pm and only made it to Idaho Falls. Bus transported passengers who did not want to wait until July 6 at 12.40 pm to take flight to Missoula. Bus arrived in Missoula around 1 am praying flight back will be uneventful. Please give staff more training in being courteous to inconvenienced travelers."
"June 22/23 were 859 and 5859 from CVG to PIE. After experiencing 7 delays plus a total cancellation of our flight on June 22 this is the bottom line (according to me). Allegiant is simply unable to accommodate delays (weather/mechanical) flight crew timing out or what have you. The fleet is very small so they cannot put you on another flight like the other big carriers can nor do they have contracts with other airlines to re-book you and get you on your way. After the headaches disappointment worry and trouble I went through for my trip the savings was just not worth it. Its not to say that Delta does not experience issues they do they are just better able to accommodate and/or offer options."
"Flew from Provo Utah for my honeymoon. We got a good price but in all honesty we're more than willing now to travel the 60 minutes to Salt Lake to fly on any other airline for a little higher price. The comfort of the seats on the Allegiant flights was horrendous and the service staff was cold and ironically un-serviceable. Our flight back from LAX was also delayed for no apparent reason but I got a text when we finally boarded that informed me my flight was delayed. Communication was horrible. Luckily my wife and I are a little more aware in airport situations; a couple sitting next to us thought they'd missed their flight because the marquee above our gate had changed and no announcement had been made about the delay. Very poor customer service. The hour and a half I save in driving time to our local airport is not worth what I lose out on with more professional airlines."
"I flew from Portsmouth NH to Punta Gorda FL in May on vacation with a friend. Everything about the flight itself was mostly fine. Free parking walk right in and check your bags with hardly any waiting. Security was quick and the flight was on time. They did have some computer glitches and thought it would be delayed however it was not. I did have two issues one was resolved the other was not. My TV screen did not work. They reset it 3 times and finally it worked. My biggest issue however was the return flight. 40 minutes from landing they put the seatbelt sign on with no warning. Then they absolutely refused to allow anyone to use the restroom. Several people tried to use the restroom and they made them sit back down and wait until landing.I will use Allegiant again because it was cheap and very convenient."
"My daughter flew from Phoenix to MLI delayed to the next day . My wife flew from MLI to Phoenix / delayed 1.5 hr. My wife and I flew from Phoenix to MLI delayed 3.5 hrs. The flight to Duluth Minn had been scheduled for earlier that morning but the passengers were load and then deplaned. At 2.30 we were moved from our gate and the Duluth passengers were move to our gate and were loaded on our plane. That took about 1.5 hr. Once loaded the Duluth passengers were then deplaned again and told their flight had been cancelled. After they had been deplaned we were moved back to the gate we were originally scheduled for and finally loaded. This was 3.5 hrs after we were scheduled to take off for MLI. Now not only are the Duluth passengers angry but so are the return passengers waiting in Duluth. On top of that the MLI passenger are mad and so are the return passenger waiting in Moline which was originally scheduled for 8.30-9.00pm that evening. Unfortunately this is our only direct flight to Phoenix but no one should have to put with this kind of incompetence."
"As the saying goes \"You get what you pay for\". Cheap flight was great. However do not purchase the shuttle from Allegiant directly as an add on. Book one yourself directly through a shuttle service. If you have any issues and try to call someone for help from Allegiant they will not assist you - they direct you to fill out an online form. And then the email response you receive will not even make sense. The service agent from the call center was rude to myself and the Resort Manager. They would not connect us to the customer service dept or their manager for help. Because of the horrible customer service that will be the last time I book anything through this company."
"Left Sanford/Orlando May 5 2014 heading to South Bend IN at check in told clerk I never selected at seat when booking but was charged $48.00 for going and coming back she was very hateful and told me I was charged and had to sit in the seat I picked. I explained to clerk I could not sit in an aisle seat I always traveled with a window seat and she tells me \"That's tough are you going to fly or not\". I didn't get that so called assigned seat after all but it was an aisle seat due to a to switch of planes for some reason but still charge for the seat. I had things in my one piece of luggage that would not be returning with me coming home so luggage would be lighter - when checking back in to go home I was 4 pounds overweight with less things. When boarding I was told to sit in row 31 and not 25 and got a window seat this time but paid for another seat - the man sitting in my so called paid seat refused to move."
"I constantly fly Allegiant round trips Sanford to Concord. Ever since they changed the times of this route from Monday and Friday morning to Mon/Fri evenings you can absolutely count on it being delayed 1 hour or more because it comes from Harrisburg PA. Please put back to Mon/Fri morning please."
"Find another airline to fly with. Sure the price is cheap but if anything goes wrong Allegiant does not do anything to help or compensate you. Our flight was delayed multiple times leaving us sitting in the airport for over 6 hours. Then after 6 hours of waiting Allegiant cancelled the flight. We received no compensation. Further when we arrived at the airport the next day we sat on the runway for an hour waiting to disembark and then another hour for our bags to come to the carousel. After sending an email to Allegiant expressing my frustration with the experience they offered no compensation or credit just a generic email that I had to wait 2 months for. Paying a more money for another airline is definitely worth it!"
"Bought ticket online in February also paying for seats and a checked bag. Later I added another bag and found on the itinerary that one seat was \"not assigned\". Tried to phone customer service but too long wait. On check-in at GRR I learned that the aircraft had changed thus deleting that seat. This got resolved by agent. But it caused me some confusion and time trying to resolve. Allegiant website not user friendly. I chose Allegiant because of convenience of departure and arrival airports and the times. But in general we were not impressed by the service. Don't know if we saved versus another airline. Will compare next time."
"My husband and I fly with Allegiant very often but the past 4 or 5 times it has been delayed. I flew from Lexington to Orlando/Sanford on April 6 and the flight was delayed twice. The first time said it would be delayed by an hour and I thought ok I can deal with that. Then a couple hours later I received a text from Allegiant saying it was basically delayed by hours. Now keep in mind I paid more for a ticket to come in at an earlier time because my house is 2 hours away. We actually got in later than it I had paid for the cheaper ticket. I used to really like Allegiant but now I am wondering if I want to continue to fly with them or not. We usually fly at least 10 to 15 times a year."
"Flight was delayed each way. Rude service. The flight attendant literally told one lady not to take too long to put her bag away in the overhead. The flight is cheap but they add on charges for everything. I guess you get what you pay for."
"Our second trip travelling with Allegiant and for the most part we are happy with our flights to first Hawaii and now San Diego. However travelling from San Diego on April 20 we were concerned with the lack of communication about gate location. Since we printed the boarding passes the night before we expected no firm boarding gate at that time. When we arrived at the airport without checked in baggage we went directly through security as we usually do. However past security on the airport monitors there was no reference to our flight at all. All other airlines had the gate and time of departure clearly listed. We walked the airports 40 plus gates looking for any indication of which gate we should depart from. We then asked airport staff and they could only suggest we find an Allegiant agent which we could not. Again all other airlines were clearly provided with gate and departure time but not Allegiant. Finally we called Allegiant customer service and were on hold for 30 minutes. The person we finally talked to was after some delay was able to provide a preliminary gate assignment but suggested it might change. When we finally did find it even the monitor at the gate indicated gate closed. Rather than relaxing before our flight the time past security was quite stressful and at time we wondered whether we were at the right terminal. Communication is very important to passengers. All it would likely taken was a quick call the airport staff to get the monitor situation corrected. We will fly Allegiant again."
"We flew Toledo to Sanford Feb 6th. Since we were the only flight going out that morning we breezed through security. Boarded the plane and sat. Finally the captain came on and explained we had to wait for the fuel truck to come back because we had not received enough fuel. Then we sat waiting for the paperwork. We finally took off 45 min. late not making up any time in the air. When we approached Sanford the captain came on again to inform us we now had to much fuel and would be circling the airport until we burned it off. 45 mins later we landed. All this plane does is fly back and forth between Toledo and Sanford. You'd think the fuel people would know exactly how much fuel is needed for each trip."
"We flew from Las Vegas to Honolulu on March 27 2014. Flight to Honolulu had no problems or issues at all it was on time and everything went smoothly at the airport. Follow their luggage guidelines and check in online and you won't have any problems. Flight from Honolulu to Las Vegas was delayed 4 hours 15 minutes but they did give each person in my family $16 in food vouchers to use at the airport the problem was because of the delay we missed our shuttle from the Las Vegas airport to the parking garage where our car was. When I asked an Allegiant employee for some suggestions she just said I would have to get a taxi. When I checked in online 24 hours in advance for our flight home I was able to check everybody in except for myself (we had 10 people total). I tried to check myself in online a few hours later and it worked fine I just didn't get to sit by my family during the flight. There is no inflight movie so bring something to do. The seats are super small and there is not much room. No food or drink not even water is given unless you pay for it with visa only no cash. We got extremely affordable flights to Hawaii and otherwise would not have been able to go if it weren't for price Allegiant offered. You give up luxury and service for affordable pricing which I think is fair."
"I recently traveled from Bangor to Punta Gorda. Upon check in you are asked to pay extra money to sit in preferred seats unimpressed considering these are 20+ year old aircraft not worth the money. Flight was delayed leaving Bangor due to an issues with the APU. Flight Attendants were uninformative rather sloppy looking the male purser became annoying by always telling people that he was from Hawaii and kept making rude comments about other passengers hardly professional. Landed late into Punta Gorda no apology for the delay just more lip from that annoying purser surprised he didn't break out into another Hawaiian song just so annoy us. Will never take this awful carrier again."
"Flew back from Las Vegas to Grand Forks ND. Flight # 484 March 15th. If you want your holiday plans ruined then fly Allegiant. Their planes are overused and mechanical failures are often and cause delays each time that I flew. When you check in they treat you with disrespect. They charge you extra for service that is non-existent and you sit cramped in tiny seats with no circulation to your legs. Staff are very rude and have no people skills. Be prepared to pay extra for carrying a small tote handbag on board."
"PSI-BLI flight 211 16th March. Late 50% of the time. Fly 40+yr old DC10's. Online info wrong and outdated. Nickled and dimed to death - almost the same cost as a decent airline especially when factoring in car travel. You pay for what you get - will never fly with them again!"
"Flight 966 from Punta Gorda to Peoria IL. Ft. Myers area experienced storms for about 1.5 hrs in the morning. Our flight was scheduled at 3.30pm. All flights prior to us were delayed when we checked in. Approx 30 min prior to departure I received about 3 texts delaying flight hour by hour until 9.45. Then the gate agent announced that due to shuffling of aircraft our flight was delayed until midnight. They announced we could leave airport and return later. I never did receive a text about the last delay and the website never reflected this either. In the meantime every flight scheduled after us departed either delayed slightly or on time. We then found out Allegiant hired a Sun Country flight to pick up passengers first in PIA and bring them to Punta Gorda and then take us home. This flight arrived at 12.00 am. We were then held off from boarding for another 1 hour as we waited for them to deplane 3 more flights that had arrived shortly after our plane. We in finally took off at 1.45 am. Paid for seat and because aircraft was different it was changed to open seating. Staff ordered pizza for everyone and provided soft drinks and water. I can understand delays like this if weather is bad. Difficult to watch several flights fly out that were scheduled after us. Very true you get what you pay for."
"Scheduled to fly Bellingham to Honolulu (7pm) on Feb 17 2014 and sat in the departure gate and listened to a few delay messages before the staff member at the gate desk vanished. An hour later I went searching for an Allegiant rep to update us. Then told the flight was cancelled - rumour had it that the flight crew did not have sufficient hours to complete the journey. This stranded a full plane load of passengers. I can understand and support the safety reasons that support the crew not flying but I think this indicates very poor management. We were provided hotel accommodation and flew out the next day at 12 noon. We and many others lost the prepaid hotel payments for the night of the 17th we did not show."
"March 3 scheduled flight from Palm Springs to Belingham. The rescheduled flight departed as advertised on March 4 and landed on time. Some apologies from airline staff about previous day's snafu but no explanations tendered. On arrival at Bellingham I learned from other sources that there had been many cancellations due to ground fog and poor visibility at Bellngham airport. If this was indeed the reason for Allegiant's problems the previous day they never mentioned it. Returning March 6 from Bellingham online check-in didn't work for me forced to wait in line for nearly an hour to get boarding pass. Actual flight left and arrived on time no untoward events. If Allegiant was more forthcoming keeping its clients properly informed of what was happening they could save a lot of the ill will and frustration they engender among their clients when things go wrong. My previous recommendation stands: if you want cheap fares and time is not pressing they're ok otherwise choose a more expensive and hopefully more customer-friendly airline such as WestJet."
"Scheduled on 2/17/14 to fly from Newport News to Orlando/Sanford at 5.46pm. At 4pm we received a message the flight was delayed followed by information it was on time for departure. Checked in and then notified it was delayed an hour. We then had 3 more delays and by 11pm we were ready for boarding. It got worse from there as the flight crew walked off the job. They had to piece a crew together for the flight to Newport News. So we then boarded the aircraft they announced we needed to hurry up or they would not fly. This was just frustrating by this point seemed rude way to approach the situation when they were at fault for the longer then expected delays. 7 days later we were set to return at Orlando/Sanford it was really disorganised at check in and you could only check in when they announced they would allow you to do so. Last but not least we were able to check in we had 1.5 hours until departure and decided to have lunch. Then we got notification our flight was delayed. After a 2 hour delay we boarded and the pilot apologized for the delay. Sometimes you pay for what you get and don't understand how they are still in business. Poor communication rude from my experience and how they treated other customers."
"Flight 729 Little Rock to Orlando March 2 2014. We arrive at the airport early to find out that our flight is delayed. No one can give us any answers on the status of our flight. Our original flight was suppose to depart at 5.50pm we were finally able to board at 10pm. Once we boarded the plane they made us wait while they de-iced the plane. After 45 mins we push back from the gate to be de-iced. We wait another 30 mins for the de-ice truck. After a 2 or more hour wait we are brought back to the gate to de-plane. This takes another 30 mins or more before the her bridge is even brought to our plane. Once off the plane all they tell us is sorry be back tomorrow morning at 10am our flight is scheduled to depart at noon. They do not tell us which baggage claim our bags will be located we just have to wonder around baggage claim until we find it. This is another long wait. The next morning we are notified that our flight is delayed from departing at noon to now at 4.30pm. We have now lost 2 of our vacation days money spent on hotels and money on rental cars. You may pay more with other airlines but you will have a better chance making it to your final destination."
"I flew last month and the experience was not pleasant. The flight from St. Petersburg/Clearwater FL to Greenville SC was scheduled to leave at 9am. The evening prior to our departure we received an electronic communication of the flight being delayed to 1pm. I was appreciative of the communication until I showed up to the airport only to find that the flight was delayed again until 3.30. This time I received no communication and the board at the airport as well as their website still showed a 1.00 departure time. As if that wasn't enough after paying for a seat assignment they could not honor it due to using a different plane. So it became open seating. Unfortunately it appears from their rude demeanour the ground staff do not care about their customers. The only bright spot was the flight crew! They were very good to passengers! All in all I may have to fly from a different airport in the future which is sad because I frequent this area and prefer the regional airport but if Allegiant cannot be more dependable then I will fly an airline that cares about my business."
"Feb 28 return Mar 3 2014 Springfield MO to Clearwater/St Petersburg FL. Outward leg on an Allegiant A320. Brand new seats but seats very uncomfortable and small seat pitch. Very small tray table not even large enough to hold a laptop and a beverage at the same time. These seats are perhaps the worse seats I have encountered. Slight delay due to computer errors pilots had to reboot the computers. Three delayed flights arrived same time in St Petersburg and our luggage did not arrive in the terminal for an hour and 20 minutes. Return on Miami Air International- sub contracting for Allegiant. 737-800 aircraft better seats and room plus given bottled water pretzels and cookies. No issues on return flight."
"Booked to fly PSP-BLI Mar 3 on flight 211 leaving 7.12 arriving 10pm. Received recorded phone call and email that morning that there would be 4 hour delay flight would now arrive at 2 am. Later same day received further phone / email that departure time changed to 10.15 from previous 11.15pm. On arriving at waiting lounge at 9.15pm found departure now back to 11.15. Eventually announcement about cancellation made over PA system. Two harassed and overworked employees dealt reasonably well in the circumstances explaining about replacement flight next day and providing overnight accommodation to those who needed it. I have frequently travelled Allegiant in the past but have suffered two very bad delays so far in 2014. Their planes are old and possibly more subject to mechanical defects their spare planes and aircrews are few ground support staff are seldom to be seen and apparently not well informed on operational problems. Allegiant's prices are cheap if you are traveling light and prepared to put up with frequent and lengthy delays but if dependable service is what you want pay up and go elsewhere."
"March 4 2014 - we returned from trip to Las Vegas on Allegiant it was a 2 day delay going down and a 5 hour delay on the return. I have never had such bad service. Do not be fooled by the cheap prices they don't care about the passengers and are only there for the money. Our vacation was ruined as we lost 2 days of our trip. When we finally got on board after waiting over 40 hours they would not even pay for our drinks."
"Flew back from Mesa on one of their newer larger planes. The seats were the most crowded and most uncomfortable I have endured! In theory Allegiant is convenient and affordable but the reality is that they nickle and dime you to death miss scheduled times on a regular basis and now abuse and insult their passengers with terrible seating!"
"Allegiant is a budget airline and the old saying that you get what you pay for applies. We were delayed 2 days and they made us sit in the airport for hours before finally cancelling and only send an email to tell you the rescheduling time. They also don't tell you that email is how you will be notified. The flight attendants chew gum when serving people which looks highly unprofessional. When you try to call to rebook you can expect a long hold. I found some of the agents to be very helpful and others not. It would have to be a pretty huge saving for me to pick this airline again."
"Flew this airline for the first time Feb 13th from Clearwater FL. Flight was delayed 1 hour and we were notified the night before. The flight coming home was a different experience. Flight was delayed 3 hours got the notification 2 hours after the first delay we had to be at the airport at 6am for original flight. The airline had to change their aircraft due to mechanical difficulty. My daughter is flying to SC in March because she is in a wedding the following day already got notification her flight is delay 5 hours can't take the chance for anymore delays."
"Since this is the only airline that flies from Harrisburg PA (MDT) to Clearwater/St Pete I am stuck flying with them. I have flown many times with Allegiant and not once have they been on time. The least amount of time that the flight was delayed 3 hours. I have learned my lesson with Allegiant. Expect nothing. Rude service extremely long check-in lines horrible seats nothing not even a bottle of water is free. I am actually scheduled to fly today. Flight 803 10.47am. I have now been advised the flight is leaving at 5.03pm."
"We flew from Bellingham to Palm Springs over the Christmas holidays. It snowed the day we were leaving we made it to the airport okay for the morning flight and waited for them to clear the runway. Allegiant kept delaying all day and in the end cancelled the flight. We had to spend almost 2 hours on the phone waiting for customer service to book us on a flight the next day which left in the afternoon. Again delayed over an hour and so we lost two days of our vacation. On the way back from Palm Springs we were delayed a couple of hours as well. The line to check in was ridiculous. Every other airline has multiple agents and no line-up.. Allegiant one or two agents and over an hour line-up (both ways). On the way down we were a couple of lbs. over the limit with the check-in luggage and they said no problem. On the way back they said even if you're 1 lb. over you have to take something out or they'd charge us. This is the one and only time I will ever fly with them."
"We were scheduled to leave Grand Forks to Sanford Orlando on January 27th. We had a storm to drive through and highways were closed. We managed to reach the airport with little sleep and were boarded on our plane at 10.30am. We were onboard but were then taken off the plane due to a flat tyre. They told us they would try to fix the issue and then we were told that we were going to fly out that day. After waiting at the airport until 3.30pm they told us the flight was cancelled until the next day. They put us up in a hotel but only one room per booking. We were told we would leave at 8am then got bumped to 8.30am! Not impressed! Not sure if I would fly with them again."
"Over the last 6 years I have flown Allegiant 39 times - all PIE to FWA. with few exceptions I would rate them as good to very good however in the last 2 months (Dec 2013 - Jan 2014) the service has been deplorable! The last 3 flights I've taken with them have followed a similar pattern: 2 4 6 hour delays then cancel and re-book the next day. My sense is that they've grown too fast and their infrastructure can't keep up with their flights but it ultimately comes down to poor management. It's too bad - this was an excellent convenient flight. I'm now forced to look at other options."
"Feb 2nd 2014. Had a flight at 12 out of SYR got the 1 and only email saying the flight was delayed until 1.45. I get to the airport at 1 to have them tell me the plane hasn't left PIE (Clearwater) yet. We then didn't board until 4.45 sat on the plane until 5.30 until we finally took off. They served us 1 slice of cold pizza. We finally touched down at 8.30. I have a return ticket for this Thursday I purchased a ticket to fly United instead. Staff not friendly either. I will not fly Allegiant again."
"Don't fly Allegiant day after Super Bowl two crews flying out of Phoenix Mesa failed to show up resulting in significant delays. AZA to GTF delayed at least 4 hours and counting. Weather fine at both ends of flight. Obviously no backup crews. Communication of delays is poor. Flights are inexpensive but airline may be operating over it's head. Could be an airline with a bright future if it can sort out it's operational issues. They did offer refreshments and food voucher after 2 hours of waiting."
"I recently flew from Niagara Falls NY airport down to Florida for a week. The plane we had was an older one no entertainment washroom could have been renovated. I felt this crew were not as professional as others I've observed. No coffee tea or water glad I had brought my own. We were a little late taking off because of de- icing. Upon coming back I was only a few lbs over with my luggage but got charged 50 dollars. There are too much add-ons for this airline. Overall this was the worst experience on a trip I've had."
"Have flown Allegiant about 12 times and have had only 1 on time departure. Our last flight was 1/26 from PIE to AVL. Over 5 hours late. Equipment issues. Worst part is that even though it had an Allegiant flight # it was flown by Falcon Air. Both plane and crew were Falcon. When we checked in we were told that it was a chartered flight."
"Maiden trip from PIE to SWF on 10/31/13. On time definitely a no frills airline. Stewards and stewardesses complained the whole trip about having a 4hr layover. Now the return trip: My flight was scheduled for a timely departure! Approx 7.30pm that meant being there by 5.30. Never received text alert and airport screens showed on time schedule. An announcement was finally made at 7.15pm of the delay we would hopefully be boarding after it arrived at gate at 9.15-9.30. After arriving after midnight I still had a 2 hr drive home. I can usually fly back and forth with just a personal item but rudeness is unacceptable. Everything is an added fee: seat water snack carry on checked bag priority seating etc."
"I recently flew from Greenville to Clearwater and both legs the plane left three hours late with weather not being a factor. On stepping out in Greenville I inquired to the people who were waiting to fly on how long they had been waiting they said 4 hours."
"Returning from Las Vegas on Jan 6 2014. Got to the Las Vegas airport and was told the flight was delayed by 4 hours due to pilot being timed out. Does Allegiant never have any stand by staff? By the looks of the gate that day all Allegiant flights were very delayed. The weather was fine so very little in the way of excuses for them. I doubt I will ever fly Allegiant again as this is the 3rd time with problems."
"A group of 5 of us paid $145 total to be able to select our seats. On our flight from St. Pete's to Lex we were told it was open seating with no seat assignments. We had paid in advanced for a seat assignment. This made it very difficult for groups with small children."
"Returning from Las Vegas on Jan 6 2014. Got to the Las Vegas airport and was told the flight was delayed by 4 hours due to pilot being timed out. Does Allegiant never have any stand by staff? By the looks of the gate that day all Allegiant flights were very delayed. The weather was fine so very little in the way of excuses for them. I doubt I will ever fly Allegiant again as this is the 3rd time with problems."
"We were group of 8 travelling on December 26 flight 221 from Bellingham to Las Vegas. Told that flight was cancelled - Allegiant offered hotel vouchers to passengers who lived 50 miles away. Allegiant didn't have any service personnel at Bellingham airport who could help with re-routing to get to destination only way was over the phone with long wait. Allegiant accepted all passengers who wanted to continue on flight next day. We all lost one day of paid hotel accommodation and one day of paid 2 rental cars. Return was a little less disrupted just delayed for one hour and 20 min. Reason was 'they didn't have crew for airplane'. We all decided that Allegiant is going to be last choice in our travelling due to unreliability."
"Would not fly this airline. Unprofessional delays maintenance issues above the norm old equipment timed out crews not enough backup equipment or crews. I experienced all of above on an attempted flight to Lex Ky from Sanford Fl."
"Fort Myers FL on Dec 26 flight was delayed going to Knoxville TN and I returned home at 1.30 this morning. This is by far the worst airline I have used. In the past 3 years we have traveled Allegiant over 30 times and each trip it has become a joke. They are never time staffed or polite. I am currently waiting on a flight I received an email this morning telling me that the 2.30pm flight was being delayed until 11.30pm. I have since tried to check for updates online and by calling the customer service line. After waiting an hour and twenty minutes to speak to the customer service rep she told me that the flight should still be leaving at 11.30pm."
"My family flew round trip from Rockford IL to Punta Gorda FL over the 2013 holidays. Our trip to Punta Gorda went very well. I am blind and one of the flight attendants came up to me as soon as I got seated with my family and offered me a personal safety briefing which I gladly accepted. The seats on the airplane (a Boeing MD80) weren't that comfortable and did not recline and there was no hot coffee available for purchase. The crew were professional and we got from point A to point B safely. On our return trip we were diverted at the last minute to Moline (2 hours away by car) because of freezing rain in Rockford. According to what passengers were told later we were unable to land in Rockford because there was a plane stopped on the runway and there was not sufficient room for us to land safely. On our arrival at the diversion airport the flight attendant working the forward cabin went through the usual post-flight announcements even going so far as to tell passengers not to smoke until they were outside the terminal to claim our luggage at the baggage claim area and how to book future travel on Allegiant. Upon our arrival at the gate we were informed—that in addition to the weather in Rockford our plane had a mechanical problem. Passengers were sent into the airport and told that further information would be provided to them when it became available. The flight attendant showed no sympathy. The Allegiant representative at Moline was wonderful. There was little information available about when—or even if—the plane would be repaired and sent back to Rockford. As we were leaving the airport the gate agent announced that the plane had been fixed and that anyone wishing to go to Rockford should go back to the boarding area. The real issue for me was the lack of professionalism from the crew on our return flight. I might have been willing to overlook the diversion and mechanical problems if the crew had been sympathetic calm and professional. But everything on the return flight added up to a never-again” experience."
"On a flight from Grand Forks North Dakota to Sanford Florida this past December 2013 my flight was canceled. We sat on the tarmac for an hour while they figured out what was wrong and another 30 minutes locating the part and trying it again. Finally they determine they could not fix it. Well the next day they had it fixed. However they determined the plane was too cold for the passengers so we had to wait for them to warm it up. Once they warmed it up they determine the water was frozen in lavatories. So the only guy working had to get several pitchers of hot water to try to unfreeze the sinks but to no avail. Finally he said to use the hand wipes so we boarded and finally took off. I had bought the trip-flex and used it to change/extend my return flight since I was delayed a day. However you can't change it online you have to call in. Well it seems that this cheap airline is cheap in labor and maintenance."
"Recently returned from a trip down to Florida originating from Niagara Falls NY over the holidays. Our flight was scheduled to depart from Niagara Falls IAG airport at 11.57 am on Dec 23 2013. Arrived early only to find out that our flight had been delayed an hour. We purchased food at the airport cafe while we waited. Around 12.30 pm we were told that the plane was being re-routed to Ohio due to poor visibility and our flight would be further delayed. We had to wait a further 2 hours before boarding at 5.30 pm due to outstanding paperwork on the plane. We did not receive timely or detailed updates during this 5.5 hour delay. Not knowing when our flight was going to depart passengers including ourselves were forced to purchase food and beverages multiple times from the airport cafe and vending machines. When we finally did take off at 6.15 pm (6 hours later than our scheduled departure) we were offered complimentary snacks and beverages on the flight. I had hoped that our return trip would be redeeming for Allegiant however I was once again disappointed. Our return flight from Punta Gorda (PGD) to Niagara Falls (IAG) on Dec 28 was scheduled for 3.30 pm. Arrived at the airport at 1.30 pm only to be notified by the check-in counter that our flight had been cancelled. Told our flight would be rescheduled but it could be anytime the next day. We did not receive any notification until 12.55 am. Our flight had been rescheduled to 1.44 pm on Dec 29 so once again we repurchased food for the flight and drove another hour from Naples to Punta Gorda. Prior to boarding (at 1.25 pm) we were told by the representative that since the chartered plane had a different seating plan than the regular Allegiant planes passengers can seat themselves anywhere regardless of whether they paid extra and pre-ordered seats or not. In addition upon going to the restroom on the plane I was shocked to find that there was no running water in the washroom and we could not wash our hands."
"My family flew round trip from Rockford IL to Punta Gorda FL over the 2013 holidays. Our trip to Punta Gorda went very well. I am blind and one of the flight attendants came up to me as soon as I got seated with my family and offered me a personal safety briefing which I gladly accepted. The seats on the airplane (a Boeing MD80) weren't that comfortable and did not recline and there was no hot coffee available for purchase. The crew were professional and we got from point A to point B safely. On our return trip we were diverted at the last minute to Moline (2 hours away by car) because of freezing rain in Rockford. According to what passengers were told later we were unable to land in Rockford because there was a plane stopped on the runway and there was not sufficient room for us to land safely. On our arrival at the diversion airport the flight attendant working the forward cabin went through the usual post-flight announcements even going so far as to tell passengers not to smoke until they were outside the terminal to claim our luggage at the baggage claim area and how to book future travel on Allegiant. Upon our arrival at the gate we were informed—that in addition to the weather in Rockford our plane had a mechanical problem. Passengers were sent into the airport and told that further information would be provided to them when it became available. The flight attendant showed no sympathy. The Allegiant representative at Moline was wonderful. There was little information available about when—or even if—the plane would be repaired and sent back to Rockford. As we were leaving the airport the gate agent announced that the plane had been fixed and that anyone wishing to go to Rockford should go back to the boarding area. The real issue for me was the lack of professionalism from the crew on our return flight. I might have been willing to overlook the diversion and mechanical problems if the crew had been sympathetic calm and professional. But everything on the return flight added up to a never-again” experience."
"Reasonably well-organized. Purchasing online was easy. Received email update when departure time changed. Flight was on time both directions. However employees could be a little more attentive. The gate attendant in Mesa was brusque. I was 'blessed' to sit beside someone with a dog - and that person was also traveling with family who had a very small child located elsewhere on the plane. The dog was whiny - as was the child and the adults were not terribly successful in quieting either. Even though there was considerable disruption in my row no attempt was made by the flight attendants to placate those other passengers who were affected. Sadly with the exception of the safety information and selling food and drinks (oh and walking through with a trash bag) they were rarely seen. Yes I'll likely use them again - but only because of the airports they serve."
"Flew from St. Pete FL to Tri-Cities TN on Nov. 5. The night before I did get an email that said that the flight had been delayed from 7.45am to 3.05pm. I was thankful for that because their were many people that didn't get the message. So about 2-2.30pm they announce a gate and plane change. They had to get a plane from another airline Suncoast. Since this plane didn't have the same seating they changed to open seating. So they boarded handicapped first then priority people then groups with small children then people with assigned seats and then everyone else (seems like Southwest seating). By the time we did all this it was about 4.15pm. They did give us water and a snack pack on the trip. So we get there late and what do you know there is an Allegiant plane already at the gate. We have to wait another 30-40 minutes until that plane leaves until we can get to the gate. There were no weather problems at either city. I overheard the Suncoast crew saying that Allegiant did have any crew available and that's why they had to change planes."
"I have to say no stars for this airline. So called 'customer service' hung up on me once then when my son called them back they hung up on him too. I signed up for text alerts on my phone but they did not advise me (even after we traveled 3 hours with a rental car for the second leg of our trip to Knoxville airport). After checking in we found out that the flight was cancelled for mechanical reasons for possibly 1-2 days. We ended up renting another car and drove 15 hours reaching home after 4am. What a way to end a vacation! I have to admit they did eventually refund the money because I refused the $100 vouchers they offered. Did not need the vouchers because now I intend to pay full price for a major air carrier. Just so you know because they are not a major carrier they do not make other arrangements for you and if you find a flight you can get on you re paying for it again."
"11/27 flight 888 from PIE to ABE. 12/1 flight 803 from Harrisburgh to PIE. They may have low rates but nothing is included and I mean nothing. Carry on check bag water on the plane cookies pretzels peanuts not included. You must pay for everything. There is no inflight entertainment. The seats do not even recline. The planes are old and antiquated the staff are rude. No one is in a hurry for anything. They give you no information no courtesy whatsoever. They change the rules every step of the way. Every person we talked to had a different story and nothing matched. All they did was lie to us. Everything was delayed and there was no compensation to the passangers for the inconvience that was given to them. First our time was changed with no notificAtion then we were told we had to wait 4 hours because the pilot and crew needed time to rest. By the time you pay for baggage a beverage and every other thing you have paid way more than the other airlines."
"I have used Allegiant Air during my 4 years while attending school out of state. Yes the cheap flights home when I had breaks were great but I was always delayed. I might have been on one single flight where everything was on time and they didn't push back the time due to \"operational issues\". There were also several times where I had to walk to my car in the airport parking lot in pitch black late at night because my flight was pushed back so much. Me being a young girl this was very unsettling. Allegiant feels that offering free complimentary drinks when the flight is delayed will make everything better well they are wrong. Also when you run into an issue there no settling a canceled flight at the airport you have to sit on the phone for over 30 minutes waiting for the next available travel agent. Honestly I don't think the issues that come along with booking a flight on their airline is worth the cheap flight."
"Took a non-stop from Fort Lauderdale to Lexington hoping to avoid the mad scramble in Atlanta. Big mistake. This airline left late due to engine issues (had to get a replacement aircraft) then when we arrived the ramp wouldn't work. It took 45 minutes for them to figure out they needed to open the rear stairs and allow us off. No discussion of perhaps just taxiing to a different gate. After replacing another hour yes hour awaiting bags. My advice skip the non-stop and stick with Delta."
"I was extremely dissatisfied with the fact that I had to pay for a seat. I chose a seat that I liked and preferred to sit in paid the fee and expected a good flight with a window seat close to the front of the aircraft. When I arrived to board I was told that we were to board a different plane and that the seat that I had paid for no longer mattered and I had to sit wherever I could. Granted I will be reimbursed the money for the seat but I paid for something I did not get and was not forewarned until boarding. I got stuck in a middle seat and was uncomfortable the entire flight. This is not good business. If a customer pays for something they expect it."
"Bellingham to Vegas got to airport on time but found out our plane was delayed cause of a flat tire. 6.5 hours later we left as they had to fly a tire from Las Vegas on the next flight. They gave us water pop and a $8 voucher for food. They said they would give us a $100 voucher for our next trip on our account. I phoned them and no 800 number so you have to pay for the call. They go threw a 5 minutes of jargon and then they tell you you will be another 20 minutes. Did not wait. I flew with them when they first started great airline they and now sad to see they have gone the other way."
"I had a voucher from Allegiant that I had from January 2013 and had to use by Jan 2015 which I did the end of October 2013. They had already charged me $80.00 for voucher issue which they deducted. Very hard to use website in booking a flight. I chose my seats which I paid for did not get the ones I signed up for on my departure flight. Then I made a typo scheduling my return on 12/22(was supposed to come back on 11/3. Not their fault on that. When I had to change it they charged me for seats again adding $342.00 in fees for my wife and myself. The seats don't recline nor or they comfortable. Very cheap. Will hitch hike before ever using them."
"3 hour delay to destination and 4 hour delay coming back. Both flights were nonstop but could not get out of the airport and this was not weather related. Thought we would give Allegiant a try due to convenience. Going back to the big guys."
"When flying Allegiant Air - check your VISA statements. Our family booked for an upcoming trip to Vegas and should have been charged $3021 however we just received our statement and we were charged 4 x for same trip. Then the whole frustrating deal trying to talk to a human - first you have to email them then they will give you a phone number then you have to phone and wait time is between 30 - 90 minutes (in our case 90 minutes of Long Distance from Canada) only to be told they don't see the error on their end so send them the visa statement as proof. Which I did and asked for confirmation that they received fax as well as confirmation when it is corrected. No customer service No apologies."
"This is the most disorganized and unprofessional airline I've travelled with. My husband and I flew from Bellingham to Las Vegas. I spoke to a woman on the phone to find out how the seat selection works. She was very short with me I called a second time spoke to a different person who told me I'd be better off checking in at the airport as opposed to online if I don't want to pay and want to select 2 seats together because online it's computer generated but at the airport a real person will select seats for you. Upon arrival at the airport I was told that wasn't true regardless how you do it it's all computer generated. Our flight ended up getting cancelled due to fog and the plane landed at a different airport. It took them hours to give us this information even though they knew the flight had landed elsewhere. Finally we were told the flight would be the next day. No assistance was offered to help us with the cost of an overnight in a hotel. When a mob formed to complain they reluctantly offered names of several hotels that would provide a distress rate. On the flight the seats are pretty cramped and do not recline at all. Absolutely nothing was offered in the way of food beverages or reading material not even water. Initially you would think Allegiant is a much cheaper alternative but they charge you for everything. If you bring a carry on it's $13 in advance or $50 at the airport each way. For a checked bag it's $20 in advance or $50 at the airport each way."
"I travel from the Huntington and Charleston WV area to Orlando or St Petersburg Florida at least once a month and have done so for 5 years now. Allegiant has charged a one way price as cheap as $19.99 each way and as high as $249.99 each way. Prices are very weird. I understand their schedules and schedule problems. I don't understand their prices. Allegiant is convenient for my travel plans but in 5 years they have made so many changes with booking baggage and especially seating. They never offer any kind of relief for any of their mistakes. Today I received an e-mail advertising a one way special to St Petersburg for $44.00 for dates 12-9 through 12-23. I immediately opened the website and tried to book at this price only to find out after a 45 minute wait on the customer complaint phone line that those prices sold out completely but there were plenty of seats available for $92. Gate personnel in Huntington have been very rude and even yell at passengers. Customer complaints and assistance by phone are put on hold up to an hour. Gate rules and booking rules are not enforced once on the plane. Such as overhead usage and seating. I will continue to use Allegiant but only if I can catch a good price. It is much more convenient consistent and comfortable to drive an extra 45 minutes to Columbus and book with Airtran."
"Two hour delay to ride on a plane with mechanical problems treated rudely not offered even a bottle of water for being delayed. Other airlines we have flown on have given us vouchers for food when we were inconvenienced. I witnessed an Allegiant employee laugh at a customer that had waited over an hour for her luggage. We stood in line with the other passengers on our flight for 15 minutes while three agents leaned on the counter and did nothing only to find out we were standing in a line that was for re-ticketing for a cancelled flight. The re-ticketing agent was telling passengers that they were in the wrong line one at a time as they requested their boarding passes. Our agent was very gruff and acted as though he was conducting some kind of military exercise."
"We were booked on Flight 541 from Monterey to Las Vegas on Sunday 10/6. After the plane was loaded a passenger had to be removed by security and the flight was then cancelled. This cancellation was not the airline's fault. But the flight the next day was scheduled for 5.35 pm and it was delayed until 7.30 pm. Then once we were all on the plane ready to go the auxiliary power unit would not turn on and there was another delay until they could get the engines started. We finally arrived in Las Vegas at 9 pm. Monday night. There were no problems with our return flight but after this experience and reading the other reviews I don't think we will take Allegiant again."
"When Allegiant Air began flying from Allentown PA to destinations in Florida they were wonderful to fly with. Their staff was courteous and their flights were very reasonably priced. I told everyone I knew how wonderful my experiences were with them. How things have changed! They are now one of the rudest group of people I've ever encountered in a service based industry. During my past few trips from Allentown to Clearwater I've had one bad experience after another. Instead of trying to help they've continually stated \"We are now an a la carte airline\". I'm sure that they don't care but they have lost another customer."
"You get what you pay for! We have flown with them 6 times and noticed that there is a 50-50 chance that you might make your destination on time (or on the same day). Do not depend on them to get you anyplace on a tight schedule. We always allow 1 day between connections. Departure passengers often sit on the plane for hour(s) - sweating/freezing - while the status of the flight will be reported as \"in route\". Very often the Flight Staff are a blessing and they have a lot of humor about how bad the service is (In Flight Entertainment!). If Allegiant promises you a refund/voucher don't hold your breath. SWA will be about the same price once you factor in the extra $$ on bags seat assignments old Coke and bagged peanuts."
"Flew from Niagara Fall to Clearwater. It was supposed to be a 3 day get away. Waited close to 12 hours on the trip down only to have it cancelled late that night there were no other planes available. The staff at the airport were very accommodating and apologetic however the person who was calling the shots on how to handle the issues missed the ball entirely. We finally got out the next morning. There were quite a few Allegiant planes at the terminal the next morning not sure where they were the day before. Coming home there was another mechanical issue with our plane and we were delayed another 2 hours. We've flown many times and have never experienced any lengthy delays like this one. Our whole trip was book thru Allegiant waiting on rebates hope that comes on time!"
"Sanford to South Bend and back. Flight home was Sunday Aug 18th 2013. I do fly this airline but things keep changing and flights getting cancelled. My complaint is that 2 travelers flying together getting tickets at the same time and paying with 1 credit card are put in two different rows. This is 2013 when you can do anything with technology. When I addressed this onboard I was spoken to rudely. My theory is I was being punished for not paying for my seat and other passengers agreed."
"A week ago our daughter and granddaughter travelled on a direct flight from LAX to Billings MT. They were to arrive at 8.05pm. They arrived at 1.50am. A 6 hour delay. They were given $8 in food vouchers. Since we are an hour from the airport we didn't get to bed until 3.30am. Shockingly enough just 7 days later on their return flight yesterday they were again delayed. This time 7 hours! They were supposed to leave at 8.05pm but were delayed until 2.50am. They didn't arrive home until 7.45am. This time they got $8 food vouchers and $50 trip vouchers which are useless as we will never use this airline again."
"I have flown Allegiant about 8 times in the last 18 months. It is a great deal when everything goes according to plan. I think in the last few months there have been more and more problems. And to have your flight cancelled and rescheduled for the next day after waiting in an airport for 5-7 hours is extremely poor customer service. Staff seems to do the best they can under the circumstances. Lately I have not been getting very good rates either by the time everything is added in. I'm back to flying Delta."
"Booked 3 passengers at the same time from Mesa to Duluth. Each seat was in a different row. Seriously? Another way to get you to pay money. Flight left at 6.45 am - we were told that once we were at altitude they would be coming around with the snack cart where all items were for sale however no coffee or tea but they had a full assortment of alcoholic beverages. Really? I can't get coffee but I can buy a beer? No thanks! No delays on the flight but waited for an hour for our bags at baggage claim. Spend the extra money and fly another airline."
"I get that this is a bare bones service but when an airline resorts to intentionally separating people because they didn't pay to choose a seat that's going too far. Not only that on a 2/3 full aircraft (both ways) they wouldn't let us move. This was on a flight between Bellingham and Honolulu in January 2013 and instead of impressing us with their value they were mean spirited in an attempt to extort a few more bucks. We won't fly Allegiant again."
"St Pete to Allentown PA we were delayed 2 hours and had to deplane bad weather was ahead. We understand that but then we were put back on the plane and it was thunder and lightning and we were delayed another 1.5 hrs onboard arriving 3.5 hours late. On our return flight 5 days later arrived to be told of a 2 hour delay finally they pushed up the time for boarding after 1.5 hours and we were in the air close to our destination an announcement was made that we could not land in St Pete Fl and would have to go to Tampa and they would shuttle us to St Pete. There was no organization and I and 3 others waited forever for a wheelchair and then had no one to push them. We finally got going about an hour later and couldn't even find any shuttle buses so we had to rent car in Tampa."
