"x"
"Verified Review | Durango to Minneapolis via Chicago. This airline is so unprofessional. My first flight got delayed so an agent rebooked me three flights instead of two like I had originally paid for. All of the flights never departed on time making me nearly miss both connecting flights. American Airlines is so untimely. Instead of a seven hour trip home, it became thirteen hours with all the delays. Despite passengers being being seated for a long time. I will never again fly with this airline for how unprofessional and inconsiderate they are to their customers. I paid more for my flights through this airline than I do at cheaper airlines, like Spirit and Southwest. Spirit and Southwest gave me 100% better service. Please spare yourself a waste of time and money by not flying with American Airlines."
"Verified Review | San Antonio to Roanoke. Overall, American Airlines continues to disappoint. I really only ever fly with AA as a last resort, and I can’t see any reason to recommend traveling with AA. I was prior active duty Army, and now I’m a reservist, and only American Airlines makes me feel like my service is less important now. United, Southwest, Jet Blue, Delta, every other airline doesn’t discriminate between Active Duty and Reserve/Guardsmen when it comes to bag fees. So, along with uncomfortable, outdated planes and poor service, I spent a $100 checking bags to and from my destination."
"Verified Review | Dallas to El Paso. The gate agent was rude and condescending. The $50 fee for checking your bags at the gate with an economy ticket is horrible. The price of the ticket isn't cheap enough to charge such expensive fees for baggage. That is especially true when other airlines have better ticket prices, service and cheaper baggage fees. What's going on with American Airlines? They don't care about their customers. The ticket agents and gate agents are rude and don't understand the meaning of customer service. Their review rating is the lowest among other airlines. I'm done with them."
"Verified Review | I flew with my family from Dallas Fort Worth to Los Angeles with no problems. We check in at the personal check in because we are flying as a family and I have car seats. They took care of us exceptionally well as I asked them to change/arrange seats so my wife could sit with one kid and I could sit with another kid, no problem then we went through security. However on the way back I was directed to the kiosk checking only and I got annoyed because I wanted to check in with a person so we could change our seats. They refused and said I had to use the kiosk no exceptions. They said I had to go upstairs after security at the actual gate. So I went up there and asked them to arrange the seats so each parent could sit with a kid but they said the flight was full and they could not change seats. I told them my departure flight was the same way and they were able to change my seats but the person refused to do so. So I got mad and just left and let it be. I am writing to complain about American Airlines staff at LAX airport and their very unreasonable accommodation for family and kids traveling abroad. DFW seems to accommodate just fine but LAX is not so accommodating. This is just my experience and not representing all passengers. Hopefully they will read this and change their policies."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Heathrow. Hadn't flown AA for more than 4 years and took this return instead of BA for better flight timing. What an awful and disappointing business class experience. Lounge at JFK was overcrowded, food abysmal and staff the rudest I have encountered. Hoping that things would improve on the flight, how wrong I was! Seats were worn and quite dirty, service was abrupt and lacking anything of note. Food is served in large portions, but was very bland and the service was so slow. IFE is okay and didn't watch much anyway. BA has gotten a lot worse in recent times, but even they exceed these terrible American Airlines standards."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Hartford. Made us sit on a 100+ degree plane on the runway for almost 2 hours. The air conditioning was broken. After pulling away from the gate and suffering in this sauna plane for 3 hours they announced that it wouldn’t be fair to make us sit in the hot airplane for the flight. We were told we would have to return to the gate, which took another 45 minutes. The entire flight would have taken 1.5 hours, we spent more than twice that time on the hot airplane! Their reasoning for not taking off was that they didn’t want us to be uncomfortable! We are deplaning now, this story is not yet over. Also, this plane is brand new, but the only update seems to be that they took away more space from each individual passenger. Literally forced to lean forward in this seat"
"Verified Review | My 3 children and I were awaiting our last plane home to Phoenix from Los Angeles after visiting South Korea and as we stand to board we see the time of boarding changed from 5:20pm to 10:35pm. When I ask the attendant at the adjacent gate (because their is no attendant at our gate) what is happening she looks it up and says the time was pushed back to 10:35pm. No apologies, no compensation, no regard for the fact that my 83 year old grandmother is stuck waiting at the airport in Phoenix to pick us up. So I'm completely sleep deprived and she is afraid to drive after dark and now I get to drive the hour and a half home from the airport at midnight after traveling over 30 hours without sleep. Their terminals don't even have seats without armrests to stretch out on and try and grab a cat nap. The lack of compassion and customer service from America Airlines is shocking and disappointing to say the least. I will check reviews prior to booking my next flight. Cathy Pacific took excellent care of my family and I from South Korea to Hong Kong and from Hong Kong to LAX., but the customer service went out the window when we transferred into American Airlines hands. I do not recommend anyone fly American Airlines in the future. You're just a ticket number not a customer or consumer to them."
"Verified Review | Akron to Norfolk via Philadelphia. Unfortunately had to cancel a flight. Went to cancel and request a credit for future travel and was told that on a $500 flight, the cancellation fee would be $200 per ticket or $400 for this flight! 75% of the cost! Most absurd thing I ever heard. Southwest does not do this. Will never give American Airlines another chance. Also purchased, what I thought was their trip cancellation insurance at the time of booking on their site only to find out this is a separate company and basically this coverage only covers specific situations. What a ripoff."
"Verified Review | Miami to Bradley. I will never fly this airline again. I cannot believe how terrible our flight experience has been. They offer nothing in comparison to other airlines (wifi, charging portles, accommodating staff, seat comfort). I had to measure the suitcase that I've been traveling with and carrying on for eight years, five separate times! As I was boarding l had to measure the suitcase again and was forced to check it. No wonder all of these reviews are negative. I wish I read them before I booked!"
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Columbus. Worst customer service! I was traveling with 3 kids and had two busters which I wanted to gate check. The person at the check desk said that I need to check both busters and get them back at the baggage claim. I explained to her three times I did not wanted to check those items and retrieve them at the baggage claim. She printed out and put the papers on the busters without me agreeing to it. The other person working at the gate realized what was going on and stepped in and helped the situation. She printed out the correct tags and we were able to check the two busters at the gate and retrieve them as we walked out of the airplane. The first worker did not even apologized for her lack of customer service. Shame on this person and the airline who hires incapable people!"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Seattle to Boston via New York. Awful experience - 3 hour delay, missed connecting flight, rebooked on a flight 4 hours later. Customer service agent was too busy involving herself in everyone else's issues while she was \"helping\" me that by the time she found a different, earlier flight out of a nearby airport we wouldn't have enough time to make it. Then they booked me in the last boarding group in my flight. There were plenty of open seats in business class - those were never offered. All around horrible experience, I don't ever plan to fly American again."
"Verified Review | Terrible first class. No seat infotainment screen. There is only a small ~9” screen 2 seats in front of me. Totally poor for first class in 2017. Food was mediocre at best. Overhead bins are smaller than average. I won’t be flying American again if I can help it."
"Verified Review | I had a connecting flight to DC. Plane was to arrive in plenty of time to connect. Flight to D.C. overbooked (I confirmed with customer service). Plane held in Tallahassee. Pilot said we will just sit here for a while. Arrived at gate at exact boarding time ended. Plane left 5 minutes early. Cost me an appointment with my congressman and senator. Lesson is to allow at least one hour between connecting flight to important destinations and connecting customers can be held hostage."
"Verified Review | Columbus to Chicago. The worst experience I’ve had flying with an airline. The tickets are much more expensive than their competitors (Southwest, etc) and there is less room for seating and less room for carry-ons to be stowed above. The overhead storage space is so limited that I had to check a carry-on I brought, which may cause fragile items to be damaged. When asked about why I would have to check this, the female attendant spoke with an extremely annoyed and sarcastic tone telling me “well that’s too bad, you can take a seat and book another flight”. This is awful practice, and is a mystery to me why a person like this is getting paid to represent a company. I will never fly with American Airlines again, and I suggest anyone considering flying with them abandon that idea. Also, boarding began after the scheduled time as well as take-off."
"Verified Review | Detroit to New York. This was my first experience and it was not great. American’s online boarding pass links did not work, so I had to get agents to print them at my layover city. My flight home was cancelled and no voucher was offered. When I arrived in Charlotte there was no agent at my gate to help me, so I had to find another agent at another gate. That was after the kiosk computer could not find my flight information. Bad customer service."
"Verified Review | Boston to Memphis via Chicago. American Airlines are the worst. Delayed flight 5 times in 20-30 minute increments. Had they been honest from the jump I could have made other arrangements. Airline ticket is a contract allowing 2 carry on bags, which AA are now claiming isn't the case on this aircraft though the fine print neglects to mention that. They demanded I part with valuables and check bag to fly. (Literally just got off AA flight that allowed it- standard size carry on). The flight attended looked me in the eye and point blank lied at 9:45, claiming the flight was leaving at 10."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Knoxville. American Airlines is one of the worst airlines out there. They overbook and the planes are very much out of date. Our plane in August to St. Thomas looked straight out of 1970 with no in flight entertainment. Still even has ashtrays. How is that for a 4 hour flight? We paid way too much for that type of service! Unfortunately where we live and want to fly to, we have 2 choices which are AA and Delta. From now on, we will try and take Delta. Our last 3 experiences with AA have been lackluster. We were bumped from our return flight we made 7 months in advance with little compensation. They put us up at a hotel and gave us each $20 for dinner, breakfast, and lunch. Breakfast alone was $23 per person plus tax for a buffet so you can imagine how much lunch and dinner was. The hotel AA put us in said AA overbooks and bumps people often! Not to mention the extra money we had to pay for pet sitters and time missed from work coming back over 24 hours late. They made very little apologies. After emailing back and forth, I finally got $200 flight vouchers. But it didn’t come easy. Plus we have to go through Charlotte, NC for connecting flights which is the rudest airport I have ever been in."
"Verified Review | From Washington to Chattanooga all the staff except one attendant on the flight was rude. Once there we had three hour delay that no one seemed to know why. We did however get to stand on a bus for 45 minutes while they lied about not having a flight crew, it ended up being the staff that was onboard while we stood on the bus. No more AA flying for me."
"Verified Review | Denver to Chicago. I this the attendants and CPU yet staff are just as nice as any other airline. I think the problems I encountered are higher up their food chain. Flying Den to Chi, delayed an hour. Two days later, return flight we waited over two hours for a crew member. I've had more delays than on time flight with American, so plan ahead to be comfortable, because you never know if you'll leave on time or have to sit around and wait for them to get their poop in a group!"
"Verified Review | Dallas to San Jose. The ticketing agent was rude. The plane needed maintenance. We sat on the tarmac for over an hour waiting for the mechanic. The majority of the passengers missed connections. The airlines should have maintained the equipment before boarding Passengers. If I could rate this as a zero with no stars I would."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Miami. I sit here at gate D25, waiting to board a flight I shouldn’t be on, more frustrated than I’ve ever been with an airline. I’ve had one bad experience after another with American Airlines. I arrive to gate T9 around 5am and immediately go to the check in desk because I’m flying Basic Economy for the first time so I want the gate agents to know that I’m here and would like a seat number for the flight. One rudely responds, “We’ll call your name when we’re ready for that.” I sit down patiently waiting for my name. Finally my name is called, and she asks me if my small duffel bag is the only bag I have? I respond that yes it is. Another agent chimes in that it looks like it it is too big and that I will have to pay for it. I respond that it should fit under my seat, so I put it in the demonstration bin and of course it fits. They tell me they just wanted to see my bags and that I can sit back down and wait for the next instruction. When it comes time for boarding group 9 to board, I wait for my name to be called. (now apparently there are two individuals with my last name, and the other individual is flying standby. But I don’t find this out until later.) they ask the group to walk with them down the runway and wait for a seat number. I ask the agent when I can board since I paid for a ticket, she asks the other agent about me who checks her list and says that “You’re not on my list!” They give up all seats on the flight and I have now missed my flight. We get back to the desk at which point I’ve never had two grown women be so disrespectful to me. They both blamed me for not getting on the flight. Saying the flight had two Individuals with my last name but not once did they call a first name. I now know that neither Individual with my last name made the flight. I need to be compensated for my inconvenience and these two ladies need to be suspended for how rude they were to myself and other passengers I witnessed. They both should be mandated to take customer service training."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Calgary. Worst service ever. Connection got delayed, missed the next flight, two managers showed up and decided to send me off to Toronto (to get ride of me) instead of Calgary. Their explanation was \"we didnt notice\". After running around so many times, they offered me the next day flight and one night stay at Super 8, they printed off the stuff and just left."
"Verified Review | I am very disappointed. My flight was delayed due to non weather related issues from Houston to Charlotte (layover) to the extent there flight was cancelled. So I would be stuck in Charlotte. I had to rent a car and drive to Augustaand then drive back to Charlotte to fly home. My flight was again delayed and I had to stay the night (again non weather related). I finally arrive in Houston Monday morning and low and behold my luggage is delayed on another flight! So I'm late for work, I'm out hundreds of dollars, I do not have my luggage and I am beyond upset! I call and they issue a refund of $96.72. What the heck did that cover! Every time I fly American there are issues. Save yourself time and money and fly with anyone else! Also I paid for the wifi service during the flight and I should have known - it didn't work either. The onboard staff was rude and hasty. They cared more about advertising for their credit card and passing out applications then they did the passengers! I might as well have thrown money out of the window! Even a 1 star rating is too much."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Dallas Ft Worth. What has happened to American Airlines, as cocky CEO declares \"we will never lose money again\". At the same time, as a long time customer, service, Advantage profram, dependability and overall satisfaction for me has gone from 90+ to less than 25%. Solid F, Three of last four, 9 of last 13 flights have been delayed. Statistics tell us thats not bad luck, simply bad maintenance. FF miles are worthless. Customer is at fault and needs to pay a fee at every opportunity. Again, solid F for me."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Dallas Ft Worth. It is a real pity to watch one of the old mainline US carriers continue to fall to new lows. The aircraft broke down and needed to be replaced. The flight was the best part of 5 hours late. Inflight service and ground handling was ordinary. Once upon a time America lead the world with customer service. American Airlines staff seemed to be so demotivated that they really have little interest in their customers. The whole lack of a service culture seems to filter through the airline. They just don't care. This happens far too often and they risk long term customers like me moving their business elsewhere."
"Verified Review | Kona to Los Angeles. Awful boarding process. The speaker called disabled passengers and military personnel. After they called group 1 (my group) myself and my family preceded to the gate scanned in and started to board the plane. A worker asked what seats we were in before we got to the plane and we told them 4. She allowed us to go. Once we got to the plane a worker asked the people in front of us their seats and let them on. Once we approached she never asked us our seats And very nasty told us \"y'all can't board you have to wait\". I said to her the other worker said we could we're seated in row 4. Her face turned red and she said \"oh ok come on board\" the reason for the hold up was because they were boarding a disabled passenger in the main cabin not first class. I was so mad because she didn't treat the people in front of us like that. After we were seated the rest of the ride went smooth."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Palm Springs via Charlotte / Phoenix. I ordered my ticket through FlightHub, all flights were cancelled and Tampa airport was closed the night before my departure, because of hurricane Irma. I've been trying to reach FlightHub for over three weeks now to get a refund for my flight, but it was impossible to get through to them via phone. Whenever I called, it keep disconnecting me or they pretend on the other side that they can't hear me, and disconnect. I called AA and they were unable to help me, because the reservation was made through FlightHub agency, so FlightHub is who I need to go through. I called FlightHub again, and after 3 weeks I was finally able to connect with them. They kept me on the phone for 3 hours, going back and forth with American Airlines - finally AA announced that my ticket is not eligible for refund! It is close to $500 that they are refusing to refund and I would understand if the circumstances were different, but the cancellation due to natural disaster should be refunded no matter what. Shame on you American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Dulles to Tulsa via Dallas Ft Worth. I scheduled my flight allowing for a 2 hour layover since Dallas airport is known for delays. My flight from Dulles was delayed 45 minutes due to a circuit board issue. Once we finally arrived at Dallas, we had to wait around 30 minutes on the runway because there was a plane at our terminal. Once we finally got off the plane I had 10 minutes to get to my next flight so the stewardess directed me to an AA desk to get another flight. The desk of 3 American Airlines worker had no one at their gate or desk so the stewardess left me their for the 3 girls to help me. The 3 workers never looked up from their desk, and when I finally got them to acknowledge me they said they couldn’t help me because they were busy preparing for an international flight that left in 5 hours! I asked them to at least see if my flight had done last call. They refused saying “we don’t have all the time in the world to help people that aren’t on this flight”. Again, that flight didn’t leave for 5 hours and there were 3 workers! I finally made it down to my gate and spoke with customer assistance. The 3 workers there were all on their cell phones, which they didn’t put down when I arrived for help. I explain the situation and also told them I was shocked by the lack of customer service I received at the other desk. 2 of the workers giggles and rolled their eyes while on their cell phones. The gentleman helping respond, “there are more customer that missed their flight than just you, those workers have to managed many customer with specific need, this desk has all the time in the world though. I have you on a new flight, have a nice day”. I’m happy the gentleman was more “welcoming” than the other 5 customer service workers but I can honestly say this is the worst airline customer service I have experienced from any airline company. In addition, the delays were extremely annoying when you had planned ahead as to avoid the problem of a missed connection. Unless I have to fly AA again, I will not!"
"Verified Review | Dulles to Tulsa via Dallas Ft Worth. I scheduled my flight allowing for a 2 hour layover since Dallas airport is known for delays. My flight from Dulles was delayed 45 minutes due to a circuit board issue. Once we finally arrived at Dallas, we had to wait around 30 minutes on the runway because there was a plane at our terminal. Once we finally got off the plane I had 10 minutes to get to my next flight so the stewardess directed me to an AA desk to get another flight. The desk of 3 American Airlines worker had no one at their gate or desk so the stewardess left me their for the 3 girls to help me. The 3 workers never looked up from their desk, and when I finally got them to acknowledge me they said they couldn’t help me because they were busy preparing for an international flight that left in 5 hours! I asked them to at least see if my flight had done last call. They refused saying “we don’t have all the time in the world to help people that aren’t on this flight”. Again, that flight didn’t leave for 5 hours and there were 3 workers! I finally made it down to my gate and spoke with customer assistance. The 3 workers there were all on their cell phones, which they didn’t put down when I arrived for help. I explain the situation and also told them I was shocked by the lack of customer service I received at the other desk. 2 of the workers giggles and rolled their eyes while on their cell phones. The gentleman helping respond, “there are more customer that missed their flight than just you, those workers have to managed many customer with specific need, this desk has all the time in the world though. I have you on a new flight, have a nice day”. I’m happy the gentleman was more “welcoming” than the other 5 customer service workers but I can honestly say this is the worst airline customer service I have experienced from any airline company. In addition, the delays were extremely annoying when you had planned ahead as to avoid the problem of a missed connection. Unless I have to fly AA again, I will not!"
"Verified Review | Dallas to Toronto. Booked American Airlines via Expedia. Got to the airport 7 hrs early to see if we could catch an earlier flight. We were expecting a rebooking fee. What we weren't expecting was what we were told. Were told that we had purchased \"economy\" tickets which are their form of competing with the discount airlines so \"perks\" like rescheduling were not included. Other things they told us were \"perks\": check in luggage ($25 extra each), overhead storage (not allowed), 1 carry on or personal item only (to be stored under the seat only), and the seat itself! Yes she actually said the seat is a pen and would be extra! After all that they wouldn't even seat me with my wife. We were close - 15 rows away! Currently waiting to board in 2 hours. I'm expecting them to say that if we want in-flight entertainment it would be extra and then hand me a mirror to watch my hair grow. Awful airline - save yourselves the heartache and exercise any other option. I certainly will in the future."
"Verified Review | Boston to Lubbock via Dallas Ft Worth. I was at the gate with time to spare. I purposely did not check a bag, because I wouldn't have time to go to baggage claim when I landed. I understand when they just check it below, then hand it to you when you get off, but they fully checked it. I told her I didn't want it checked. She tried to act like she was doing me a favor by not charging me. Additionally, they tried to check it for the wrong city! The lady was extremely rude about it as well."
"Verified Review | I walked into the Alexandria Airport (Louisiana) about 5:45am, I went to the check in desk, the self check in was out of order. No one was at the checkin desk. I stood there waiting to be checked in about 30 minutes. The time for my flight came and went. A few minutes after my flight time a man finally shows up, I tried to check in and he informed me that I missed my flight and if I wanted on the next one I'd have to pay 75 dollars. Negative experience could have been avoided if this man was doing his job! Also had the self check in been working I could have avoided missing my flight. This is my frist time flying American Airlines and I will not fly with them again!"
"Verified Review | I bought 2 tickets to fly with my boyfriend. Both to and from our destination our seats were split up. I called customer service and they told me it's gate seating and 99.9% of the time you get to sit together. Clearly not that percentage when it happened both flights. What is the point of buying tickets together when they don't even seat you together. I will never recommend nor fly American again."
"Verified Review | Appalling experience from Milan to New York and back. I was unable to print my boarding pass from the website despite being checked in. I was berated at the check-in desk for being late and asked several times why. I was not late and had to wait for the gate to open once I got there using no express line. The flight attendants on the way to New York were nice, but the airplane was just something out of the 90s. No private screen (which is standard for British, United, Lufthansa, Swiss), no way to control the air conditioning (it was freezing cold), the audio from the audio jack was not working well and the seat pocket was a little broken. On the way back, the cabin crew, and particularly one flight attendant, was just so rude I could not believe my ears. I was asked if I wanted to change seats because I was seated close to the restrooms in the back and when I politely declined explaining that I wasn’t feeling very well and wanted to stay close to the restroom I got a \"yeah, whatever!\" as a response while she walked away. And during landing she said to her colleague, thinking we wouldn’t hear I hope, \"I mean, we are landing, wake up people!\". The food was not bad, but was the same for both long haul flights. I will avoid ever flying with American Airlines if I can."
"Verified Review | Flew Chicago to Syracuse. Another disaster of American Airlines customer service. I get to the terminal 3 hours early and there is an earlier flight to my destination half full. I cannot even go standby due to my 'status' on American. Watched the half full early flight depart and sat 3 hours to get on the original departure. Don't have these issues with Delta, United etc and they go out of their way to accommodate. If American wants me to obtain status, well this just proves why I stick with Delta."
"Verified Review | Miami to Seattle via Phoenix. They canceled my flight out of Miami which was 55 hours before Irma hit Miami. So when they canceled me and 80% of the rest of their flights at a time when other airlines were scrambling to get people out of harms way, there were no options left. Thousands of people stranded with a category 5 coming. They charged me $745 to change my flight. They booked, canceled, rebooked, canceled, rebooked 4 times. On the day I finally got out of Miami, Wednesday, 3 days after the storm, AA had canceled 81% of their flights. My flight was not canceled, but it was 3 hours late because there were no attendants. 81% of their flights are canceled and they couldn't have a crew ready for my flight. Never will I give them my money."
"Verified Review | Orlando to San Francisco. I booked my flight through a 3rd party (justfly.com), and I selected my flight as Direct. When I go to the airport and do the whole process to go to the gate I found out that I had to do a stop over in Charlotte. I took the flight because I was an emergency, but I decided to called the next day. When I called to ask, why the have discrepancies in their website, no body was available to help me. I decided to call AA customer service to claim because even my confirmation letter says that I had to do a stop and also change planes. My intention at this point is not to ask for a refund or nothing, just to let them know the discrepancies in a website. As a customer the minimum I deserve is that my questions can be answered with courtesy and respect."
"Verified Review | Booked on 6:30 am flight to Ronald Reagan airport to leave from gate A8 in Cincinnati. Sent to gate A6 until boarding time 6am. Then sent back to A8 and at 7:02am the flight shows up on gate sign as on time. Flight is actually a half hour late and counting. Every time I fly American out of Cincinnati Northern KY airport the American employees distinguish themselves as incompetent and uncaring people. No credible information is shared with paying customers. I've been lied too on more than one occasion. The American airline personnel do not know the value of good honest customer service."
"Verified Review | I had heard terrible press about American Airlines - I am so disappointed to find it's all true. Despite booking 5 months ago, I was put on standby due to overbooking for my flight from Santiago to Dallas then Hong Kong. Passengers from a flight to Miami, cancelled only that day, were given seats ahead of me! After a harrowing 3 hour wait, I was given one of the last seats just as the plane commenced boarding. Check in staff were very very slow. Not sure what the problem was but it took an hour for me to reach the front of a 10 person queue with 3 counters open. Onboard staff were also quite rude - they appear to hate their jobs and certainly the passengers! Abrupt, unresponsive. All very different to the cheerful, brand-proud messages in the recorded safety briefing, about how great AA is! I won't fly with them again. Just not worth the stress of not knowing if you'll actually fly with them, despite a paid booking."
"Verified Review | I purchased a round trip Charlotte to Harrisburg and going and coming flights were delayed. Right now I'm sitting in the airplane back in Charlotte because they can't find a gate. We have been here for 20 minutes now. Do not fly American Airlines if you can help it. Update I have now been in here waiting for 35 Minutes."
"Verified Review | As usual the flight is delayed. It has been four hours so far. The attendents making the announcements scavenged all of the drinks and snacks that were put out for the passengers on the delayed flight. The attendents working the counter also were extremely rude. Some of the passengers were making statements of frustration and the attendents were actually yelling back saying it's not their fault and we all should just quit complaining. Unbelievable! Instead of appreciating our business and apologising for the inconvinience of being delayed (once again, this is my 17th delayed flight in the last few months) the employees got defensive, rude and disruptive. Instead of American being empathetic and compensating passengers with miles, they are rude and unappreciative of their customer base. Not happy with this airline at all."
"Verified Review | My wife and I were delayed in the Jacksonhole runway because the airline was running late with de-icing solution. This caused us to only have 30 minutes to catch our connection in Dallas. We ran across the Dallas airport and made it in time to see our plane and have another passenger who made it to the gate after us to be let on board. American told us that the system would not let us in but they let the other passenger on board because he had others in his party on board. We also had two in our party that made it on the plane 1 minute before us but they paid no attention to that detail for us. I have over 50,000 miles with American and don't think I can ever fly with them again after being treated this way. Customer service reps are a bunch of robots and totally insensitive to their customers needs."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Quito via Dallas. For about a year, we planned a trip to the Galapagos and Machu Picchu, and bought round trip airline tickets on American Airlines. The night before our flight (flight departing morning of 8/5/17), we printed boarding passes. At approximately 10PM we received a non-urgent email from American stating: please call to rebook your flight. No other info given. We almost overlooked the email because of the lack of urgency and the fact that we already had our boarding passes. When we called we were informed our entire trip to Equador was cancelled due to ground conditions. I called both airports we would be landing at and they reported no delays or ground conditions. American Airlines would not tell us what the ground conditions were. The night they cancelled, American Airlines only offered to move us to a flight on American leaving 48 hours later which would not get us to our destination for 4 days. (Our original flight would get us there in just over 24 hours.) They would not put us on a flight with another airline, which were available. They did not apologize and treated us like we were wasting there time. We were told we would not be given any compensation for the loss of 4 days of our trip. I called other airlines myself, in the middle of the night, and booked us on Delta (for flights that would get us to our destination on time,) but had to pay $4500 out of pocket. Delta got us to our destination on time and with no ground condition delays. We landed at the same time our original flight was scheduled to land. Upon return from our trip, we tried to contact customer relations at American to get a refund. There was no phone number, so we wrote an email and waited for a call. A day later, a representative notified us we would be getting no compensation for our losses. She gave a cursory \"I apologize for your inconvenience\" She gave us no further support and would not transfer us to a superior. She actually rose her voice with us when we asked to speak to someone else and said she had the authority to make these decisions. There are no phone numbers for customer service, refunds, or managers. Approximately 1 month after our cancelled flight, we finally received a refund of $1680 for the cost of the flight that was cancelled, but we were not compensated for the $4500 we lost. We felt that each person we talked to was unhelpful and even rude at times. We understand that flights can get cancelled but expect to be helped onto another flight in a timely manner or compensated for our losses. At the very least we should have an explanation of why our trip was cancelled. American did none of these and we will never fly with them again"
"Verified Review | Austin to El Paso via Dallas. My bag was lost when I arrived to El Paso, TX at 12pm. My bag was not delivered until past 7pm. I wasted all evening waiting for my bag and had to cancel plans that I was not able to reschedule. When checking in my bag, a group of four ladies chatted away while several people waited in line. A woman then made a smart comment about using the qiosk to check in our bags. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought the qiosks are meant for busy times. There were enough staff members to help those who were in line but they appeared to be too busy to do their job. Needless to say, I will stick to using Southwest Airlines in the future whom I've never had issues with."
"Verified Review | St Louis to Aruba via Miami. I will never fly with American Airlines again. I received an email two days prior to my flight back home that my flight was cancelled. I called the airline to see if they can get me on another flight as I needed to get home. They had plenty of flights going out of Aruba the following two days but insisted on getting me on a flight that was 5 days later. The agent I spoke to was not helpful what so ever. I explained to her that the other airlines were still operating and asked if they could take care of my ticket with another airline, that was denied. At one point the supervisor got on the line and said to me \"I am not sure why you are wasting your time talking to us when you could be booking a ticket with another airline.\" If all flights were cancelled I would have understood, but only mine was. Which really frustrated me, if you cannot fly into that specific airport, reroute the flight and fly into one that you can. Simple. The supervisor got very rude and asked me if I had the ability to make the airplane magically appear. I mean I could go on forever about the awful customer service I received from American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Savannah. American cancelled our flight during a mandatory evacuation during hurricane Irma. Which left us completely stranded. They rescheduled it for the day the hurricane was supposed to hit this area, which makes no sense. Even if there hadn't been a hurricane, this would have been bad news because they changed the flight from a Sunday to a Monday. I scheduled a Sunday return flight because I work on Mondays, like most people. I called their customer service and they were no help. Luckily Southwest stepped in and was able to book us a flight out of harm's way. It blows my mind that they would do that."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Fayetteville via Charlotte. Before catching the flight in Charlotte, in the last moment they have informed that the flight has been downgraded and 3 people doesn't have enough space. They didn't check for the priority. I am not sure on what basis they have stopped the 3 travelers out of all economy travelers. All 3 were Indians. They were not ready to arrange any other flight. The only flight which is available in AA is next day morning. They said they will arrange accommodation. But they have given a single room for all 3 of us. When i checked with manager to give separate rooms, he said it will be provided in the hotel. But when we reached there it was only 1 single double room and of us had to sleep on the floor. This is the very worst case I have ever seen with the airlines. They should consider the priorities before taking decisions. I would suggest not to take this airline."
"Verified Review | Raleigh Durham to Grand Junction via Dallas Ft Worth. Had a delayed flight out of Raleigh Durham into DFW which caused me to miss a connection. I understand it happens. American Airlines refused any extra service for the extended layover. I asked to use the Admirals club in DFW but was denied. Disappointed with lack of accommodation. Delays are routine, bad attitudes from gate agents are standard with American Airlines"
"Verified Review | Avoid American Airlines at all cost. They could not care less about their customers. I spent 17 hours at different airports all do to with American Airlines problems. Starting my flights in Salisbury, MD. Supposed to have a connection in Charlotte, then on to Fort Lauderdale. The first flight being overbooked. Thinking I was helping out the airline, I accepted a 300 dollar voucher and rebooked on a flight that should have gotten me into Fort Lauderdale earlier than my original flight. Now the fun starts, arriving at the first airport at 5am and finally getting to my destination 17 hours later. The first flight of the day was overbooked. The 2nd flight was delayed due to mechanical problems causing me to miss my connection because of the delayed flight. Since I missed my connection American Airlines tried to find another flight for me, the next flight they offered was almost 10 hours hanging out in the Philadelphia airport before taking off. Then they found a different flight leaving about 3 hours later with another connection in Charlotte. When we arrived in Charlotte, the American Airlines gate area was a total mad house. People standing everywhere up against each other and people sitting on the floor, because of American Airlines problems. It felt like there was no air conditioning, because of all the people in a small area. They were all talking on the microphones at the same time, mentioning delays and offering 900 dollars or more for giving up flights. Now the connecting flight in Charlotte then was delayed several times. Because of all the problems with American Airlines, I missed a lunch and dinner. Also a friend had to rent a 2nd car, because I was the one with the car rental for the trip. Once I got home a few days later I contacted American Airlines and explained the situation, and to let them know I was not pleased. Of course I get a company generated form letter, not even mentioning my complaint, just stating policies. This company could care less about their customers and how they treat them. Being such a large company, they should be more concerned about customer relations. Also looking at this site with reviews, I am not the only person who will not use or recommend American Airlines."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Charlotte via Grand Rapids. I started my day off by a missed flight. I guess I have not flown American in a long time. Most airlines put you on the next available flight when you miss a flight. American they put you on stand by for each leg of your flight. Or charge you $200 to reconfirm plus a $200 up charge. I was at SFO for 16 hours I had to pay $75 to grab another flight even though I paid $950 for 2 one-way flights just 24 hours prior. American customer service team members were the worst, they must train them to have a blank face and not care at all. The counter reps in SFO all could care less about helping at all. The reps I spoke with at the gate were too busy to care. I am not a fan of this airline. Basically is took 24 plus hours to get to somewhere that other airlines can get done in 6 hours and have a smile."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Philadelphia. They told us they had a problem in the system, so we would have to wait a little - which I didn't have a problem with. Then they went on and on and kept on delaying the expected departure time. And after 2 whole hours of sitting on the plane, they told us we would have to go outside in the boarding area and wait. At this point I was a little annoyed, but not mad. After that, they made us wait 3 more hours outside in the boarding area, with little to no help from the staff on when we were going to leave, before they told us the whole flight had been cancelled. I was going to miss a whole day of seminars that I had to attend. Then I was like its okay, mistakes happen, and then rebooked the flight for the next morning at 6AM since they had no more available flights on that day. I got back home at around 2, so I had been there for about 8 hours. The next day I was on my way to the airport when I got a text message that my 6AM flight had been cancelled too. At this point I was furious. It was not even a weather related issue, it was because of American Airline's lack of preperation ahead of a flight, in which they always seem to have problems with their system. I had to call their customer service an try to rebook, since I had to get to Philly as soon as I could. The staff on the phone were horrible, first they said there were no more flights availble on that day to philly, (In which there were because I could literally see that there were available flights - I was looking at it on my phone when I was talking to them). Then I asked them if they could switch me to another airline, in which they said that it was not possible. I hung up the call out of frustration, and called them back a few minutes later, this time someone else picked up. I asked him the same question I asked the other guy, that if they could switch me to another airline. This time, the answer was different. He said he could switch me over to united. I was shocked, because the other guy told me they could not do that. The united flight was later in that day, so by then the program I was going to attend in Philly would be over, so I decided to ask for a refund. I had to scream at the guy to let me get a refund because he was refusing to give it to me for \"privacy\" purposes, which didn't make sense at all. Even after all that I went through, I could not understand how someone could not give someone their money back. After about an hour of yelling and convincing, he finally gave me a refund. I do not recommend this airline to anyone, there are better options out there and I think you would save yourselves a lot of time and money by avoiding American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Detroit via Charlotte. My flight was delayed in Atlanta and started at 7:30pm and my connection was missed in Charlotte at 8pm. When I requested customer service they allocated me for 10:30pm flight and the last minute they said pilot was unavailable so flight delayed to 2am. At 1:30am aa representative came told that flight was cancelled.. and they are very rude and helpful when I asked for the reason. And next day they have asked me to come to airport by 8 so that they can allocate me on 9:30AM flight. When I came to airport they said flight was full they can't accommodate.. they said they will allocate me 12:30 pm flight it was also delayed till 3pm because of unavailability of pilots. And they were unable to allocate a seat in that flight also.. when I asked for the reason they said your name was not showed up and their behavior is very rude. This is my second time travel in American Airlines and two times faced the same issue. These people don't understand the situation. This might be my last travel in American Airlines and I won't recommend this airline to anyone."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to New York JFK. Boarding was OK. Was feeling a little thirsty before take off and asked one of the cabin crew members for water. It was the most unpleasant exchange I have had with an airline staff. The conversation went: Me: excuse me, can I have a glass of water please? Airline staff (male): what's that? He asked the question in a very rude manner and looked visibly annoyed that I was asking him something. I would have expected something along the lines of: \"I'm sorry mam, I did not hear you.\" In any case, I repeated my question. Me: Can I have a glass of water please? Airline staff: Well we're about to take off so I can't. I did not catch the rest of his answer because as he started responding he simply turned around and continued talking as if he wasn't talking to me - all this in a very rude and angry tone. I thought to myself I'm only asking for a glass of water and if indeed it is not possible now, the correct and polite answer would have been: \"I'm sorry mam, but unfortunately we are about to take off so it is not possible right now. We'll bring you a glass after take off.\" For someone who travels quite a lot with major airlines and have platinum level with some airline mileage programmes, I was quite shocked because this is really the lowest in terms of the quality of in-flight personnel. I fly American Airlines rarely but think I will just cross it off my list of respectable airlines. Would absolutely not recommend it."
"Verified Review | Boston to Philadelphia. Delayed Flights. I fly instead of taking the bus so that I can save time and cut the long traveling time. And that's why I am even ready to spend more dollars. But American Airlines flights are always delayed for more than an hour. And it happened to me not just once but 4 or 5 times. Once, my flight was delayed by 5 hours. Typically it is a 45min. flight from Boston to Philadelphia. And the bus takes about 7 hours. But when I fly with American Airlines, the travel time is almost similar to a bus journey. They always have maintainance issue with their flights and I always end up spending 1-2 hours in the airport or flight, waiting for it to take off. And they never compensate for this delay in anyway. I am completely disappointed with American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Miami to Cancun. Very disappointed at the airline. Not family oriented. Traveled with my wife and three kids 3, 4, 7 and they gave us separate seats. After talking to a lady at the gate they where able to seat my wife with two of my kids. However my 4 year old was seated by himself with two other people that he did not know. Finally we have to seat our 3, 4 and 7 years old by themselves. I can't comprehend how American Airlines think within their standards this is safe and not a liability. What would happen in case of an emergency? How can I protect my kids if something would happen?"
"Verified Review | Flight from Los Angeles delayed. Anticipated agents with a sense of urgency when we got off directing us. Would have been nice if a better job was done getting us off the plane ahead of other passengers. Fortunately, we made the connection. People had moved around. I had someone in my seat. Someone else mentioned others had moved around. Just find a seat. This caused a problem for the one attendant. The male attendant laughed, threw his hands up and commented, 'ain't my problem', and then began to gossip with one of the other flight attendants about the one taking roll call. Please be a team and be professional. Now a maintenance issue. Hope to be on my way soon."
"Verified Review | Please don't fly with American Airlines. They will hold you on the runway for 31 minutes from an international flight, knowing what you have to do to get to your connecting flight. Then when you arrive at your terminal 9 minutes before your flight leaves they will not let you board cause the door is closed and they can't just reopen it. Yet the plane is still sitting at the terminal. Not to mention this is the last flight out of this terminal and the last one coming in. I know as I stayed there till 1am trying to get my problem solved with them. No one in customer services actually knows what that is at Dallas Fort Worth airport. Rude and care nothing about their customers. The best part is when we got to customer service they had three people working. When a line started up 2 of those 3 people just left. Leaving one person to deal with everything. Then when you ask to speak to a manager. They make you wait an hour until a flight attendant shows you were they are one gate over. As you stand there waiting to speak with them. They act like you are not even there. Typing away on the computer until you do something to really get the attention of them. Then they say well you can fly out tomorrow at 7.30 but we can do nothing else. So you call a 800 number and they tell you how they should pay for your hotel, food for the night/breakfast and get you to and from the airport/hotel and back. So I missed a 8.20pm flight and finally got to a hotel at 12.45am. Best part was we had 8 other people in the same boat. 2 from my flight and the rest were different flights. Come on AA horrible customer service and communication. Never will I waste my money with this airline."
"Verified Review | Cozumel to Denver via Dallas. Our gate was changed three times. Our flight was delayed 2 hrs, then 2.5 hrs, now 3 hrs. They officially decomissioned our plane due to mechanical issues. Dont know when or if we are going home tonight or tomorrow. Complete, total failure. Does this flight even exist? As of 2 seconds ago, yet another gate change but crew and fictitious plane will not be ready for another 20 minutes. Thank you for ruining my Sunday and extending my travel time to 24 hrs. Will never fly it again even if it is the cheapest. You get what you pay for! Spend your money elsewhere!"
"Verified Review | The last time I have flown American Airlines was in 1994, it will take a lot longer to wipe out this horrible memory, I was flying American to connect with a Qatar Airways flight to Doha. It was an early morning flight 06.55 so we checked in at 4 am, the horrible American Airlines check in staff refused to issue the connecting flight Qatar Airways boarding pass, even though it was one ticket and both are part of One World, he even lied and claimed falsely that Qatar Airways have withdrawn from One World. Boarding was smooth and the whole way to New York I was trying to be nice to the cabin attendants and smiling to them and all they had was a straight face!"
"Verified Review | Atlanta to St. Thomas via Miami. Terrible. Flight delayed from Miami thus we missed our ferry from St. Thomas to Tortola. Staff at desk were not only useless but nasty as well. Would not give us details or assistance beyond telling us the St. Thomas staff will help. We get there, the staff is even worse. Now on the return leg of our trip same story. Flight is delayed thus we're missing our connection. No help, apologies or anything besides \"you're stuck. Will never fly them again. If I could give a zero rating I would."
"Verified Review | Flew Miami to Maui via Phoenix. American Airlines is the worst airline I have ever flown. Even though flying first class, the gate agent charged me for bags. I complained at the time but was told that is the way it's going to be. The gate agent then sent my bag to a different country leaving me with no clothing, toiletries, etc. Even a day later the airline was unable to confirm the location of my bag or make any commitments regarding getting the bag to me. I had travelled to Maui for my son's wedding. On top of all of this, on two long-haul flights to Maui from Miami, the airplanes had no entertainment and shoddy Internet. To the extent humanly possible, I will never fly American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Reno. The worst service ever! After checking in at the counter and handing my ID to the clerk, I was given someone else's ticket along with my sons ticket. I didn't notice till I was going through security. I was told I couldn't go through because my ID didn't match my ticket. I was in tears. I had waited 42 minutes in line and did not have time to go back to the ticket counter 2 floors down without missing my flight. I was escorted by some airport staff and they asked the counter person to make sure to call and let them know I was coming and hold my seat. I got there 15 min till departure time and was told my seats were given away to stand by and they were overbooked! I was in tears with my son. This was the last flight back home and all other flights from other airlines were sold out. They said there was nothing they could do for me even though it was their fault for giving me someone else's ticket and causing me to lose my seat. Customer service just gave me number to call. I have never experienced this kind of unprofessionalism. I would never recommend this airline to anyone."
"Verified Review | Flew from New Orleans to Cancun. A travel warning was issued to our place of destination after booking the flight. Other members of our group are flying with Delta and I regret not doing so. Everyone was able to change their ticket as Delta was understanding of the circumstances. I was not given that option and could not even escalate the call to speak to someone for assistance. The customer service I received was useless and the lack of concern for safety is completely unacceptable. Never using American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Flew Charlotte NC to Fayetteville NC. Trash. I fly American all the time due to contracting with the company I work for. I can not stand them. Always late. Airplains are always delayed. I have a flight canceled on me 30min befor it boarded. I ended up having to drive over an hour to the next airport to make the flight they transferred me to without offering me a refund or if it was possible for me to make it that far. Every time I fly I with American I know I am flying the absolute bottom of the barrel. Oh and they live to charge like they are something special. $1000+ for a round trip on the east coast? Wish I was back with Southwest."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Washington. The flight was delayed by almost an hour, and once they called us from the terminal they had not even gotten other flight out of the airplane and had us standing in line for 15 minutes. On the plane, they claimed to never have picked up their free snacks from their last stop, so all they have is ones you have to pay for. The wifi was unavailable for our flight. Once we landed (late from our estimated arrival time) we were waiting in line to get to the terminal for about 15 minutes for the so called \"wing men\" or something like that to help get the plane there safely, and now we have been waiting in the plane for apparently a designated person who can operate the ramp so that we can get off this flight from hell. We are currently still waiting. I do not plan on using this airline again."
"Verified Review | My return journey from Orlando to London via Chicago was a journey from hell and very disappointing experience. I wasn't even notified of my delayed flight from Orlando and I was re-routed via Dallas Ft Worth instead. I urged the agent to book me on the direct flight to London on British Airways but she refused saying it was full. I later found out that that wasn't true and there was plenty of seats available at the gate. Flight to DFW was also delayed which meant I missed my connection in DFW. I was stuck there for a whole day, and missed a day at work. No accommodation was offered. The flight from DFW to LHR was depressing. They ran out of meals so was served a sandwich instead. I was told I need to pre-order next time! I explained that I was re-routed and had no choice. To top it up, my bags were delayed too. Everything that can possibly go wrong went wrong. I don't think I ever had an on time departure with American Airlines. Very depressing"
"Verified Review | Absolutely the worst communication from American Airlines. Rude staff, flight from Philadelphia to Seattle got delayed 9 hours with yet again no communication to the guests. I will drive to the rest of my vacations due to the experience we received. This is unacceptable. 2 thumbs down will not recommend this flight to anyone, friends or family"
"Verified Review | Denver to Sioux Falls. Not only are chances likely that you'll have a delay (4 of my last 4 flights with them), passengers weren't notified of the delay until after we boarded this morning and 15 minutes into boarding for the second flight. I have literally been sitting at the airport for 12 hours because of a missed connection that I could have left the airport and driven 9 hours to my destination. Had I been notified ahead of time of these delays, I could have driven across the Midwest to get to my destination and not missed the prayer service for my uncle who passed away. Based on my last four experiences, they have surpassed Frontier from an unreliable standpoint. I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | This was a very frustrating experience. There was a delay of three hours in Charlotte. There were four delays (and reschedulings) in all. There was very little explanation given for the delays. For the second delay, the passengers had actually completely boarded, and then we were told to disembark. When we finally got on the plane - three hours late, the pilot gave a very brief (and disingenuous) apology and then said, \"Well, it is what it is.\" The rest of the flight staff never apologized, nor did anyone at any time offer anything in the way of a perk (food, beverage, etc.) or mention anything about any compensation for passengers. This is the very last time I fly American."
"Verified Review | San Juan to Miami. I have never been so disappointed with an airline. I am actually sitting and waiting to be boarded on a standby flight. I checked in 1 minute after the one hour mark was told that nothing could be done. I am here with 5 other families including my own that all arrived here at the same time. Even families with no luggage were not permitted to board. I watched them give my ticket away to people in standby once I got to the gate. This is ridiculous."
"Verified Review | I am extremely disappointed with the service I received at American Airlines I travel quite a lot with American Airlines accruing miles through their AAdvantage program. For the first time I decided to finally use my miles towards a car rental. I went ahead and applied 28,800 miles for a 6 day rental in Mallorca (paid in full). When I came to pick up the car at the PMI airport, the teller did not recognize the voucher and prompted me to provide my credit card. At first I thought it was only for incidentals but at the end of my trip, they charged my card in full ($274). I only realized this after I arrived back home. I contacted American Airlines and informed them of the issue. They acknowledged that Avis (the rental car company) made a mistake and that they would facilitate a refund of my miles. After a few days passing, I did not hear back from American Airlines nor did I see the miles credit back on my AAdvantage account. I followed-up with American Airlines. A representative responded to my inquiry and informed me that there is nothing they can do. I repeatedly inquired to escalate this issue to the supervisor. He claimed he was a supervisor and said there was nothing they can do. In short, I spent 28,800 and $274 for a mini-car for 6 days. Is this fair? I think not. American Airlines failed me and I don't plan to use their airline ever again."
"Verified Review | Myrtle Beach to Baltimore Washington via Charlotte. Daughter arrived at Charlotte gate E22 to connect to a flight to BWI. She was escorted to gate E24 and was told her flight to BWI would be departing from E24. She notified me via text that she was at gate E24. The AA flight status information on the app, website, and airport monitor noted flight AA2018 to BWI was departing from gate C10. She was left at the wrong gate. With less than 20 minutes to get to the correct gate and make flight AA2018, I called her and instructed her to speak to an AA rep at the counter that AA flight status information noted gate C10 and ask why she was at gate E24. AA reps then rushed my daughter to the correct gate. AA was paid an unaccompanied minor fee, however my daughter would have missed the flight had it not been for parental intervention to get her to the correct gate. I sent a letter to the VP of AA requesting a refund of unaccompanied minor fee. I received a response denying the refund stating \"she was still properly escorted for the entirety of her travel while on board and in the airports.\" They also let me know they were logging this into their 'sophisticated database\" so leaders can review it. I addition, to make the reservation one has to call AA. The AA rep on the 1-800 stated they would waive the fee. However, when I checked her in the AA rep at the airport stated there would be an additional charge. I explained that the 1-800 folks waived the fee; the airport agent charged me regardless and even pulled out the AA policies to show me. There was definitely a communications/knowledge gap in process. I should have been told upfront or a note placed on the file that it was waived. Had I known I would have had to pay the fee, I would not have booked the flight (the fee was 50% more than the one way flight)."
"Verified Review | I had a flight scheduled for Sept 5th 2017 from New York to Pittsburgh with a layover in Boston, to go surprise my mother for her birthday. I booked this flight through Justfly.com in April. My mother passed away in early August a month before her birthday, which was the whole meaning behind me taking the flight to Pittsburgh. I contacted justfly.com and American Airlines informing them of the situation and that I was not going to be making that flight. Not only was it a very long process to even speak to someone about the situation, but that they could not refund the flight and could only give me flight credit if I gave them a copy of my mothers death certificate and proof that she was my mother (I was advised against giving that those are personal documents that would not be asked for prior to booking a flight). I would rather pay double the price with a different airline and website than fly with with American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | American Airlines is using a very old plane for this route from Miami to Milan. There are no individual screens for in-flight entertainment which is very unusual for such a long flight. Also the dinner and breakfast served is of poor quality but in line what you pay for flying with American Airlines. However, the flight was on-time and the flight attendants were friendly."
"Verified Review | Flew Philadelphia to Montego Bay, Jamaica. American Airlines deliberately delayed our flight in order to accommodate a connecting flight coming from another state so they only had to provide one trip but thereby inconveniencing all travelers they willing delayed which ruined our first day of our vacation and honeymoon. The airline was not forthright about its decision and we were given two different reasons which both proved to be untrue. I attempted to contact AA directly and was basically told in several email responses that we eventually got you there so get over it! I will never fly AA again and warn all who consider using them to do your research and look for better options. Not user friendly at all."
"Verified Review | What a terrible experience on American Airlines. First we have a 4 hour delay in Charleston, because apparently the air conditioning on the plane wasn't working. Then after 2 hours trying to fix it they finally assign another plane to come pick us up in Charleston from Charlotte, NC. This delay causes us to miss our connecting flight and bumps our departure to tomorrow morning (or so we thought). Upon arrival in Charlotte, we find out that our flight to Des Moines was delayed too allowing us to make the flight however it was too late, they sold our seats and we couldn't get on the flight despite being on that flight to begin with. This experience caused me to miss a critical business meeting. I've had nothing but poor experiences with American and it's frustrating to yet again be stuck in a connecting city when it turns out I was on time for the flight anyhow. Thanks for selling the seat that was mine and bumping me to the following day. Come to find out while mingling with a frequent traveler departing Charleston, this is a regular occurrence and this plane frequently has mechanical delays. Take the time to service your equipment. We all have families to get home to, busienss to tend to and we all pay a pretty penny to fly with you. It's clear my money is better spent with a competing airline."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Chicago. This is the worst flight I can recall in decades of flying American and other airlines, and I was flying in First Class. The plane was old, the toilet was not kept clean during the flight. The female flight attendant sat strapped in and facing us mid-flight and ate, after which we were given nothing. We arrived at 5:55am without being offered juice or coffee prior to landing. We were to be given \"snacks\" plural but got only one snack serving at the start of the flight and nothing during the rest of the time. We had no brewed coffee available. The flight attendants' uniforms looked as though they had slept in when we boarded the plane. This was the most class-less First Class. The air quality was also poor. There was a strange smell when we got on, and it did not dissipate. You could choose to close air vents or endure cold air blasting down on your head. The equipment should be replaced and so should the crew. The seats are hard and barely recline. We were on time and had a safe flight. That's all that matters in the end, but choice of airlines is competitive."
"Verified Review | Fayetteville to San Diego via Charlotte. First got a call saying my second flight to San Diego was overbooked then got to the airport to find out the aircraft was downgraded for my first flight so they had to cut 15 people. Then the first flight was delayed for an hour. Not to mention my wife got a call for her flight at 1000 pm the night before saying her flight to a different location was totally cancelled, I have never had a good experience with them only use them rarely when my business makes me use them."
"Verified Review | Always switching gates, sometimes even terminals. Arrived at gate as stated on ticket at boarding time and sat down to wait. Then I heard them say flight to Tuscan had changed gates. My flight was to Portland, which had obviously been changed earlier. After slow, seemingly uninterested service I was told my flight had moved 20 gates to the other end of terminal. I ran and literally arrived 2 min after door closed. Lady made no real effort to get me on the plane. Just cited the rules. Meanwhile I could see plane sitting there. Clearly could have helped if she tried. Service on flights and at gates always seems plastic and fake, like they are just going thru motions and not even trying to hide it. No regard for the customer. I will never fly American Airlines again!"
"Verified Review | Boston to La Guardia. At boarding gate, suddenly American Airlines announced the flight is delayed from 12.00 to 2pm without any prior notice at check in or earlier. I booked for first class but then got downgrade if I want to go earlier flight at 1 pm. I have no choice and they told me there won't be any compensation. Only 1 staff working at the gate trying to fix this problem for the whole plane passenger. Very bad management and unacceptable problem solving."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Shanghai PVG. I just encountered the absolute worst check-in and security I have ever experienced. We were at the American Airlines terminal at LAX. They insisted we checked in using machines, none of which worked for us. When we went to a desk the lady behind the encounter was rude and accused us of using the machines incorrectly. We were given seats not next to each other for our 13.5 hour flight. When we asked if we could sit next to each other the woman told us it didn't matter we'd just have to ask people to swap with us or we would have to pay a minimum of $150 per person to change seats to be together. We went to complain and got sent to the priority check in desk. When we explained the situation, the person behind this desk said aggressively that the seats must all be sold out except the extra leg room seats. When I said the other person hadn't said these seats were extra leg room, just that we had to pay to sit together, she told me I must have heard her wrong or misunderstood her. The priority desk person then threw our passports and boarding passes on the counter and said aggressively \"you're all set\", when I asked \"what do you mean\" she rose her voice and said \"I put you guys together!\" and gave a shooing motion towards us with her hand. No apologies, no explanations. We the continued to the American Airlines security area, put our things in boxes and queued up to go through. A security person, again aggressively shouted at people saying \"you have to stay with your boxes\", so my boyfriend and I stayed in the queue to go through next to our boxes about a foot away. The same person then came very close to my face and said \"Miss is that your box?\" To which I responded \"yes\". He then said condescendingly \"who's pushing your box down the line?\" I didn't understand the question because in every other airport you put your box in the row and staff make sure it goes through the machine for you. So I looked at him confused at which point he aggressively pointed at the box and me and shouted \"who's pushing your box down the line?\" At which point I felt really intimidated and said \"I am?\" Then he said \"exactly. Then get over there.\" I felt humiliated. So I got on the queue and walked in to the body scanner when called, stood on the yellow feet on the floor then the next security person again with horrible attitude said \"did you got through pre-security?\" I looked back saw there was nothing else behind me but the area I had just been shouted at in and said \"yes.\" He then said sarcastically \"you look like you're wearing sandals\". Clearly I was. So I said \"yes\". He then said in an accusatory, rude voice \"you were supposed to take them off and put them through the x-ray scanner\" and gave me a shooing motion so I returned to the x-ray scanner, put my shoes in a box and got back in the queue. Just to clarify there were no signs or messages saying you needed to push your boxes or take off your sandals. The whole experience left me feeling awful. There are plenty of far better, cheap airline carriers out there."
"American Airlines flight from Boston to Charlotte was scheduled to land at 9:48pm. It instead landed at 10:30pm which was the departure time of my next flight, the airline offered no refund and gave me a flight the next day and sent me off with a pat on the back. Needless to say I'm annoyed."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Manchester. American Airlines is probably the worst airline I've ever flown with. After boarding we were kept waiting on the group for around 1h50 mins with very little explanation of why. I was sat at the rear of the aircraft and as there is no closed off area for staff they were pretty much just sat around chatting loudly (which is fine, but on most aircraft they have a closed off area and can do it without everyone having to listen). This aircraft had no seat back TVs so we had nothing to do. After take off we were given a very poor dinner, although there was a good selection of drinks. The experience so far was generally poor, but mildly acceptable considering it's a budget airline. However the last 2 hours of the flight were awful. Suddenly the smoke alarms began to sound and the staff very casually checked the aircraft for signs of danger (this was only looking in bathrooms and touching walls for signs of heat) for about 10 minutes. The alarms sounded for the remainder of the flight with no announcement or instructions to reassure passengers. Awful, avoid American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Me and my family managed to grab a bargain with American Airlines on our most recent vacation from Glasgow to Orlando via Philadelphia. The price was more than 70% cheaper than any other airline operating the route, however if I knew the misery we would have to endure then I definitely wouldn't have flown with AA. The first problem arose at check in (GLA-PHL) where we were allocated new seats from the ones we had previously purchased resulting in my family being split up throughout the aircraft. We complained and was given new seats nearby each other but still not the ones we had paid £200 for previously, which American Airlines are still refusing to issue a refund. Next when we arrived at the gate we were informed that the flight was delayed but that it wouldn't be long and they were going to commence boarding - not long turned into sitting on the aircraft for almost 2 hours. The aircraft was old, in need of refurbishing, extremely cramped and didn't have personal inflight entertainment which American Airlines didn't tell us while booking. The aircraft did have an overhead screen which played one movie during the 7hrs 45min flight to Philadelphia, however me, and many other people sitting around us thought it was unsuitable for children to view. The staff were rude, never came across people with such bad manners, talked inappropriately about passengers onboard the aircraft (which we have complained about) and couldn't be bothered doing their job but instead stand at the back of the aircraft talking. The food was poor quality, even for airplane food, and was thrown down in front of us. The aircraft landed just over 2 hours late making it tight for our connection to Orlando. Once on the connecting flight we were told that our bags had missed the connection and would be sent on the next flight out, not the best news for the start of you're holiday. We had a mad dash to the flight, just making it by minutes to spare, and once we sat down were told that the flight was delayed due to technical problems resulting in another 2 hour delay. The staff were slightly friendlier on the connection to Orlando and we eventually landed about 5 hours late (thunderstorms near Orlando delayed us). We got off the aircraft rather quickly and proceeded to baggage information for American Airlines which told us that our bags wouldn't be arriving until the next afternoon, we were offered several thousand air miles as compensation which we rejected as we had already decided we will never touch American Airlines again. Our bags eventually arrived the next evening but an extremely poor service and lack of information from American Airlines. I definitely do not recommend."
"Verified Review | Not the best long-haul experience. My seat was changed while boarding to a row far away from my travel companion, no explanation or apology was provided. Gate staff at PHL are extremely rude, bordering on hostile, and are in need of serious customer service retraining. I do not appreciate PHL gate staff barking orders at passengers and not using the PA system prior to a 9 and a half hour long-haul flight. Upon boarding, a passenger opened a box of very smelly food and proceeded to eat it during push back - flight attendants did nothing to intervene. The quantity of diner food items was very stingy for such a long flight, and I would have been starving if I did not bring my own food. Flight attendant servicing my row was also stingy with the complimentary wine - would not offer a refill until dinner service was completed. The trip back to the US was a completely different and very positive experience."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Los Angeles. Was notified my plane was delayed this afternoon. When I asked why I was told \"I don't know\" by both customer service on the phone and customer service at the airport. How can an Airline not know why their planes are delayed. No apologies or anything. My 8 hour trip became 12 hours by the time its all said and done. I'm 6'4\" tall and theres no leg room unless I pay $50.00 for First class so no sleeping foe me. I woke up early and planned my day around original flights. I now will be up over 24 hours because they can't get it right. No compensation either."
"Verified Review | Boston to Minneapolis via La Guardia. Zero customer service. Our flight was cancelled from New York LGA to Minneapolis and American Airlines will not offer any hotel vouchers any cots, blankets or food. I will never ever fly with American Airlines again. Our customer service agent was texting her friends while we were waiting for her answers. One agent got up and walked away and there were 30 people waiting."
"Verified Review | Houston to Albuquerque via Dallas. The airline of excuses and terrible customer service. I said never again the last time I flew American, and I confirmed why today. Rude service, constant delays and lame excuses to explain those delays. I will try to avoid this company as much as I can and fly Southwest instead."
"Verified Review | It gets a 1 because zero wasn't an option. Our flight originated in Rapid City, SD connecting through Dallas/Ft. Worth, TX and then on to Newark, NJ. We checked four bags/items ($75 b/c the stroller was free) at the urging of the gate attendant at check-in because they advised the flight would be full and there would be little room in the overhead compartments. Upon arriving in Newark, we picked up two bags and the stroller but the other piece of luggage was nowhere to be found. The surly woman in the baggage claim area of American Airlines (AA) said that the bag was put on the wrong flight but that it would arrive later in the evening and be delivered within 24 hours. I then took the day off work ... but the bag never arrived. Several phone calls later, what we know is that they can't find our bag and that they really aren't particularly concerned about it. Almost every representative that we've spoken with in the baggage handling customer service department has been less helpful than the one before. They cannot locate the bag and they're \"not sure what else to tell us at this point\" (that's a quote). Meanwhile, I'm out an expensive Rimowa bag and several thousand dollars in clothing and other items. Some of them with sentimental value and which can never be replaced. Any effort at replacing our items will be a tedious and time consuming process and I'm sure will be laden with red tape and bureaucratic obstacles. And they won't even begin that process for 5 days. Even though they admit that they can't locate the bag and it's coming up on 48 hours here shortly. American Airlines is a joke, they lose your luggage and basically laugh at you when you seek assistance. Two days later and they have no idea where our checked bag is now? This has to be the worst and least helpful customer service. The poorly trained customer service reps at AA are flippant, unhelpful, and totally unsympathetic to one's plight. The fact that this airline carries the name \"American\" in the company's moniker is a disgrace. If you value your personal belongings and don't appreciate being treated like yesterday's used up garbage, do yourself a favor and either find another airline to fly or just stay home."
"Verified Review | Jamaica to Indianapolis via Charlotte. Extremely poor customer service. We had a 5 hour layover in Charlotte on our way to Indianapolis and there were earlier flights available, but they refused to switch our flight. There was availability on a flight that was 4 hours earlier, but they said since we had paid a lower fare they would not switch us, even after we tried to pay the difference. They gained nothing by making us wait for no reason and lost a customer."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Knoxville via Dallas. I'm writing this review while sitting in the terminal in Dallas. Our flight out of Seattle was delayed, but we still made it in time to make our connection in Dallas if we ran like maniacs to the next terminal, which we did. When we got to our gate, with 5 minutes to spare, the doors were already closed. The plane sat there for at least 20 more minutes. We were told during our flight that they often held flights for 10 minutes when a flight like our with so so many connecting flights was late. Not only not only not held, but it was shut early! Thanks American! We were booked on a later flight without a hint of an apology or an explanation. Again thanks American! We'll get home at after 4:00 am. Thanks American! Do you have computers? Can you see connecting flights just landed? Do you care? Can you be polite to your customers?"
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Los Angeles. After landing at LAX we were bussed (an extra 30 mins delay) to Terminal B. The AA website said T4 but was never updated. At no time did any AA staff update customers of the change. Terminal B involved 2 hours of shuffling with luggage through 3 security barriers. Then we had to find our driver waiting at Terminal 4, another hour of delays plus we had to walk between terminals. What a disgusting lack of service. I will never fly American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Nashville to Lawton via Dallas Ft Worth. My initial flight was going to be over three hours late on departure due to a mechanical problem with the aircraft. I was able to book another flight out of Nashville. However on this flight, I was forced to check my carry-on bag because the overhead storage areas were full. After boarding this aircraft I noticed many items in the overhead storage that the flight crew should have required to be placed under the seats; things like shopping bags and purses. When I arrived at DFW for my connection I noted an earlier flight to my final destination that would save me 3 hours stuck in the airport. I proceeded to that gate and attempted to go standby. I was told that I was not eligible for that flight because I must travel with my checked bag. That's right, the bag I was forced to check against my will. This could have been prevented if the flight crew monitored what was being placed in the overhead storage. I rarely fly AA on purpose. And when I do, without fail, I am reminded why I avoid them."
"Verified Review | I've always been big on traveling but since mid 2013 I have been taking around 8-20 flights a year, domestic and international, mostly for business purposes. Out of all the airlines I have taken (and I fly to some remote places in the world) American Airlines have managed to be the most consistent with their lack of customer care and disorganization and just a huge shame to what you would expect of one of the biggest airlines coming out of the US. Canceling and delaying is something that happens so often that I have become shocked when their flights go as planned, they offer no compensation of course for those delays and time and energy consuming horrible experiences that everyone hates. American Airlines offer no canceling/bumping a flight like 90% of the time, just zero effort to even try and show just a little bit of courtesy toward the customer in general."
"Verified Review | Greenville to Las Vegas return via DFW. My biggest complaint is when I was dropped off by a tour company at Las Vegas (after a 14 days trip) for my return trip home 6+ hours before the flight boarded American refused to check my bags. They said their policy was not to accept baggage until four hours before a flight. Effectively I was being asked to sit in the main departure lobby for 3.5 hours to check luggage. This was unacceptable. After I complained to a self-check attendant she finally agreed to issue boarding passes and said we could gate check one piece of luggage each complimentary. I had been unable to check in electronically due to the tour and spotty internet access. We carried four pieces of luggage, one carry-on each and one piece each we intended to check, to Gate D which is a really long hike. We did this and were accommodated but had to sit with the luggage all evening and take it with us when we went to eat. None of this made sense. Why would American risk making a customer angry and forego $50 ($25 each checked bag x 2) in revenue by refusing to check bags on arrival and forcing gate check? We were tired, hungry, facing a red-eye flight and just wanted to be shed of the baggage. Now let's backtrack to our departure from Greenville-Spartanburg. The flight crew did not show up on time. The captain and first flight attendant showed up for the flight at 7:50 for an 8:05 flight. The other attendant/s and co-captain showed up at 8 sharp. Needless to say we left late. Our connection through DFW was not pleasant. When our flight landed we sat on the tarmac for over 30 minutes waiting for a gate. We were told we would taxi to three different gates before the plane actually moved to the original one. We barely made our connection with time for a restroom break. When we departed Las Vegas McCarran to return home the rest rooms at Gate D used by American were filthy. A janitorial staff member was present but did not appear to be doing much. Many urinals in the men's room were cordoned off and out of service. The final leg from Charlotte to Greenville-Spartanburg was on a very old CRJ500 that was so old the upholstery on the head rests was peeling off. This was our first experience with American and may be our last."
"Verified Review | Flew Washington to Tampa. American Airlines is the worst airline possible. They are currently 2 hours behind flight time for no apparent reason and are offering no sort of compensation for the delay time. The whole flight has been delayed from 8.20 pm land time to 10.20 pm land time."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Houston. Flight was originally scheduled to leave at July 23rd 9:45pm and was delayed to 1:38am and then canceled. When I asked what my options were after waiting in line at the customer service counter, they said the next flight available would be at July 24th 5:42pm. Why on earth would it be more than a 12hr wait to one of the busiest international airports (George Bush IAH)? I got another flight with United Airlines 6:30am the next morning. They never re-imbursed me even tho they said they would."
"Verified Review | This was an awful experience. American Airlines \"business class\" is a rip off. Given the choice just a few hours before boarding to \"upgrade\" to business class for $80 USD for the first leg of my journey, I thought it seemed like a good idea - wrong! My $80 upgrade bought me a slightly larger seat and 1 premium beer! There was no food, other than a snackbar served on the 4-hour flight between Merida and Miami, and then when I had a 3-hour layover in Miami before getting my connecting fight, my first class ticket wouldn't even give me access to the premium lounge, which was the principal reason I had upgraded! This was a total rip-off and maddening."
"Verified Review | You know it's bad when American Airlines staff are complaining about how bad their employer is. I went to Greece 3 weeks ago and now coming back through Philadelphia to Los Angeles with the same issues - nothing but delays. First going the flight was delayed by 3 hours and we ultimately missed our connecting flight when I had to spend the night in Philadelphia. Now, I'm coming back to the states and right when we left the dock, the plane had to be called back because there are 15 passengers and 25 bags that needed to be picked up. Why is this airline always late or unorganized? Terrible. You couldn't pay me to fly with American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to San Diego. This is the second time I travel to San Diego with American Airlines and I haven't had the best experience. Both times the plane was delayed or the people took too long to open the bridge. Last night, we departed late and got to San Diego later than expected time. I would like more for my money because this flight wasn't cheap. It didn't have a screen in back of every seat like Delta and JetBlue, they also didn't have options with snacks."
"Verified Review | There's always one carry on allowed to be carried to the plane. I fly with this airline a lot. Last time when I was flying back to Hartford from Dallas airport, they did not let me take my carry on with me to the plane and told me it was bigger size than usual. However I always take the same carry on to the plane and have never had any problems. They checked it in and when I entered the airplane I saw a lot of empty spaces on the overhead container and I saw carry ons that were much fatter and wider than my carry on. I had to wait 30 minutes after arrival to the airport to get my carry on back from baggage claim! It was such a waste of time when I could have easily carried it with me to the plane. I got home at 2 am that night!"
"Verified Review | La Guardia to Dallas Ft Worth. American Airlines is definately the worst for being on time. I flew on Tuesday July 18, 2017 from LGA, 3 hours late at 9 am in the am. Then we boarded, then we waited for another half hour, they remembered they needed a pilot - 30 minutes after that, remembered that fuel need to be balanced. Now, 2 days later, 2.5 hours late again. The stewardess just announced after sitting inside the plane for the past hour \"there are some funny points to this flight\". How is wasting people's time for the past two days by over six hours funny? Then give you 1 package of cookies."
"Verified Review | Boston to Chicago. Such a disappointment. Customer service was rough if you fly business or economy no one cares no matter how much money you spend on the ticket. Front desk are cold and lazy. Cant get into the lounge even if you are flying business - they only let members into the lounge what's up with that? People paying for the cheap seats get in but those spending the extra dollar are refused."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Tampa via Charlotte. I asked for a blanket to the flight attendant, she said \"blankets are only for first class\". I could see many blankets store on the top compartments of the plane that no one was using. Does that make sense? When did we lose our humanity? Everyone should have the right to have a blanket, specially if there are many not being used."
"Verified Review | Eight flights in last ten days with American. All OK basic average. Then arrived in San Diego missing one very important bag. American staff at the baggage handling area were neither good or bad and they advised me the bag would arrive next morning at 10:30. American Airlines employ a contractor or perhaps it's two contractors to handle late baggage delivery. My experience of this is that information available on whereabouts of your bag/s is very hard to obtain. The information on the delivery contractor/s website is wrong and not updated. Call handling by American Airlines is utterly appalling and amateurish. Call handling agents do not have required information easily to hand and that indicates American Airlines have a garbage infrastructure. After several phone calls one AA call handler kindly let me know the name of the delivery contractor and I was able to finally find out where my bag was and coordinate delivery directly with the contractor. I am shocked and a bit angry to note just how useless AA have been in fixing this not uncommon problem."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Kansas City. I feel I was forced to purchase premium seats ($185) because there was no available regular seats available to choose from to guarantee me a seat. I would have chosen any regular seat to try to keep my cost as low as possible. When I contacted the airline they informed me that I would have been assigned one of those premium seats for free if I would not have already paid for it. I'm sorry but I do not want to take a chance of getting bumped from a flight because I did not have an assigned seat."
"Verified Review | Virginia Beach to Chicago via Charlotte. About 50-60% of the time there is an issue. Typically, a delay. My latest experience not only included a delay, a cancellation, and then a flight change to one full day later, it also included a 3 hour cluster-you-know-what of uncertainty as to where our baggage was. The ticket tracing system was completely usesless and when I attempted to speak to one of their robotic customer service reps, I was told that there was nothing that could be done and that my bags would be available the next day in Chicago. (We were trapped in Charlotte for the night). The issue is that at the time of flight change to make up for the cancellation, we were guaranteed by an AA rep that our baggage would be released upon arrival in Charollette. When trying to explain this to the baggage service rep, I was told I was wrong, and that nobody could go get the bag for over 5 hours. There are many more details surrounding the disrespectful way that the baggage claim rep handled the situation but my qualm is with the rip-off that is AA as an organization\"."
"Verified Review | Although I had an American Airlines economy class ticket I was able to select an aisle seat in premium economy which has a 3-3-3 seat layout. The cabin was packed for this flight from London to New York JFK. The plane departed on time but after landing at JFK could not find a gate for over 40 minutes making a mockery of arriving on time. We sat strapped listening to regular updates from the cockpit. The plane was clean; the toilet ran out of tissue paper and a flight attendant had to be told. Soon after takeoff a packet of salted pretzel was given out to the passengers but no drinks leaving my mouth totally dry. Dinner was served soon after with complimentary wine and beer. I chose a pasta dish. The small tray was overloaded with smallish portions from all the food groups - salad, bread, entree, dessert. A hot snack was provided before landing. A large selection of films on the personal IFE but the free headphone provided was so poor in quality that I did not watch or listen to anything as the sound was inaudible over the roar of the engines. Advice: bring your own headphones. The seat was not comfortable at all. The padding and cushioning was rather thin. Worse was the tapping you felt on your back whenever the passenger behind pressed buttons on her IFE to select items for viewing - so thin was the cushioning. Not to mention the lack of any lumbar support. Flight attendants were dutiful and appeared when needed. Overall, another unmemorable flight and totally unimpressed with premium economy."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Montego Bay via Charlotte. Terrible experience with American Airlines. We were very excited to go to our vacation this morning, But all these flight delays make us upset. Our flight to Miami was delayed for 1hour then we wait for hour and half more and eventually it was just canceled. It was looking nobody care about people in American Airlines. Information desk was closed when hundred people needed solutions to rebook flight. We eventually were rerouted to Jamaica by way of Charlotte, and experienced more delays at the gate for that flight! After finally boarding, then they made us sit on the plane for an hour and then one more, we were trapped in airplane! We should be on the beautiful Jamaica Resort at 2pm but it's looking we will be lucky to finally arrive at our destination by midnight."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Dallas Ft Worth, I have been an American Airlines Advantage member for several years. I used 60000 rewards miles to book flight 1300 from New Orleans to Dallas. In addition to 60,000 miles, I was charged $75.00 for booking too close to the date of travel, and $11.20 in tax. I live far from the airport. It takes at least 1.5 hours to travel each way between my home and MSY. I arrived at 3:15 pm for the scheduled departure of flight 1300 at 5:25pm. Not long before 5:25 pm, passengers were advised the flight was delayed until 8:00 pm. At 8pm the flight was cancelled. At this time I had been travelling 8 hours including waiting in the airport. The gate personnel advised the flight would be rescheduled to 7/11. I was travelling to a memorial service scheduled for 7/11. I was unable to make the memorial service. I was offered a hotel room and a meal voucher, but not offer a seat on another airline. I doubt I will ever again fly with American. For years American was my choice for air travel. Not now. It appears they little or no respect for their customers."
"Verified Review | Our flight to Philadelphia was cancelled. We did not receive a text or email. We found out when we landed in Portland and checked the screen to find out the gate for our flight to Philadelphia. We spent hours in Portland and had to take a flight to Dallas and then Philadelphia. When we reached Dallas we were told there were earlier flights to Philadelphia we could been on but our luggage was already on the later flight. It took an additional 9 hours to get home, sitting in airports. We were not given any voucher for food or anything else. Then they lost some of our luggage which was delivered to us at 2:45 AM. After 36 hours of no sleep, I was awakened by a call at 2:30AM that my luggage was being delivered. The personnel are rude, not helpful at all."
"Verified Review | Flew Dallas to Seattle with American Airlines. Our flight there was fine. Everything went fine. On the way back the weather was bad. Our flight got cancelled they didn't have another flight for us. So we had to wait another 24 hrs just to get on a flight. Finally got ready to board and the plane had engine issues. So we ended up sitting on the plane for 2 hrs waiting for a new gate to be towed to. We had to wait another hr for another plane. We get on the plane and had to wait another hour for catering and baggage. I had my 3 kids and come to find out they didn't offer any food at this time because it was too late - we had been at the airport since 7.30pm and we did not make it home until 2 am. They didn't even attempt to make up for anything. It was horrible."
"Verified Review | I was on an American Airlines flight from Newark to Houston via Dallas. The flight was delayed for 2.5 hours for an unknown reason. We finally get onto the plane and the seats are compact. We landed Dallas for our connecting flight and rush to the gate to Houston and we find out the gate is closed. The flight didn't even leave yet but they woundnt let us on. The next flight was the next day in the evening. We had to spend extra money on a motel. I will never fly with American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Miami to Washington Dulles. Was supposed to depart at 8:40am, something about a log blog not being in the plane so we waited until 10:30am to leave. I feel it shouldn't have taken that long and should have been noticed way before we boarded the plane. Plus side we got a snack, but as the vegan wrap was disgusting."
"Verified Review | It was a terrible experience flying from San Francisco to Dallas Fort Worth with American Airlines. Flight delayed for 2 hours and service was horrible. After landing in DFW, we had to wait an hour for baggage. No one explained why we had to wait! I missed my hotel shuttle because I waited for baggage until 1.30 am. I had to pay for a taxi to get me to the hotel. Do not fly with American Airlines, if your time valuable"
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles. I was an American Airlines Advantage member for few years, and this is the first, and probably the last time I use them! Absolutely terrible from every possible angle. To begin with before I signed up for AA program it was many benefits included but not limited to Priority boarding. Which was pretty good, since I used it with different airlines. Now things changes and you get regular boarding, they just put you ahead in group number 5, but customer service at the gate of JFK was so terrible that you literally have to fight to get on board with your group since all people lined up and in rush. Another thing they forcing people to check carry on. Old planes. On the way back from Vegas even worse. Same thing customer service at the gate is so terrible, had 2 small carry on bags and wallet over my shoulder she screamed at me that I had 3 bags. Stopped me and was very impolite saying that I had to put my wallet inside my bag."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Belize to Manchester via Los Angeles. Flight late, so missed connecting flight. Lost my luggage, unbelievably rude Baggage Claim. I had to locate bag 4 days later, no contact. No food on 5 hour US flight, awful meal on transatlantic flight. Charge for checked in luggage. Grudging rude staff. Full on prices, pared down service and facilities. Very expensive low budget standard airline. No entertainment on 5 hour flight unless have own device on which app may or may not load. In any event has to be done before you fly. Avoid."
"Verified Review | Sacramento to Grand Rapids. American Airlines staff are very rude when asking about delays. I don't fly much so I get anxious when things change and they are not understanding. The flight attendants are great though. As far as the airline as a whole. I'm so fed up with all of the delays and problems they have. I'm getting back 2 hours late after an already late arrival from Sacramento to Grand Rapids. I asked if they could place me in a hotel for the night as I live far from Grand Rapids, so on top of arriving late I will have to drive for a while as well. They looked at me like I was crazy. Not to mention the money I've had to spend on food while waiting because I planned to be home. And they switched my terminal 3 times and by the time I got to my gate they switched it and to go all the way back to where I started. Definately not flying with them again - not impressed at all."
"Verified Review | Everything is in the fine print when you book a ticket with American. We bought three tickets from Boston to Chicago and paid for three, yet they gave one of the seats away. The answer if you look at the fine print, you agreed to the terms. That's way I try to fly SW, Jetblue and others."
"Verified Review | Augusta to Albuquerque via Charlotte. American Airlines flies most Eastern US Flights through a Charlotte Hub. Their timing in Charlotte does not account for the \"chain of comedy\" error that are built into domestic flights governed by the TSA. In a recent round trip from Augusta GA to Albuquerque NM; the return was routed from Albuquerque to Phoenix to Chicago to Charlotte to Augusta. The lay-over in CLT was scheduled as 56 minutes. The flight in Chicago did not board until 25 minutes after scheduled. The pilot taxied to a runway, waited 10 minutes and announced windspeed was too high to take off, waited another 15 minutes, then taxied to another runway where he announced the wind speed was fine, we were 5th in line for take off. Arrived in CLT and deboarded at 10:12 PM at terminal B16, connecting flight doors close at E24, 10:20 PM. Needless to say, missed flight. American Airline customer service unapologetically offered a hotel and a 9:30 AM flight the next day as only option. Problem - had appointment that I could not miss at 9;30 AM in Augusta. I pushed it - wanted a rental, AA agent got a bit nasty. No rentals available, took car service back (probably cheaper than a 1 way rental in the end). Still arguing with AA - they claim total liability is $90 - the land mile % of total trip that was unused. They blame wind, weather, airport flight controllers and \"me\". I have been an engineer and project manager for almost 20 years, part of the measurement of my job performance is my ability to meet schedule commitments. Why is it that AA believes meeting schedule commitments is optional?"
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Birmingham via Charlotte. I'm trying to remain kind and sweet, but this is the third flight with American Airlines in the span of 3 days that has been delayed, resulting in an overnight stay, and arriving a day later than planned to my destination. Customer service was nonchalant and unapologetic when I missed my connecting flight as a result of delays. If at all possible, I will avoid flying with American Airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Los Angeles. Posting this as I was surprised that American Airlines doesn't provide blankets to coach class, only to first class passengers. I normally fly with Delta, and they have never failed to provide blankets. Just so you are informed and can be prepared. The flight attendants are not as attentive."
"Verified Review | Denver to Dallas Ft Worth. Boarding the plane- the ladies checking boarding passes were extremely rude to passengers. The pilot just about took us out trying to get down the JetWay to the plane. The manager was rude when coming through jetway to get checked carry on luggage down. There are ways to say \"excuse me\" if you are trying to get by. Stewardess was rude on the flight as well. What happened to hospitality, kindness, and manners in this place?"
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Orlando. The man working at the desk where you scan you ticket was so rude. He looked at my bag and said it was too big to carry on and said it wouldn't fit. He was rude the way he said it. My bag has fit on every plane I've taken it on. Including the American Airlines flight I just got off of 1 hour ago. There was plenty of room on the overhead compartments went I got on the plane, now I'm inconvenienced by having to stop by baggage claim."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Phoenix to Chicago. I was shocked upon getting to my seat. There was two partially wet napkins scattered on the seat with tons of crumbs and flakes. The women who was already seated said hers was like that as well and she pointed it out to stewardess and she said she was not concerned about it at all and just threw the napkins on my seat and said the person could just clean it up. What grossed me out the most was I never knew if the wet stuff was from the napkin or was on the seat from the previous passenger. You never know what it could be. I was shocked the stewardess was rude to the other passenger and seemed bothered she had to go get napkins. I fly a lot and never have had my seat so gross."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Minneapolis via Chicago. I have never had such a disorganized, rude, and downright horrible customer service experience. Our first flight was delayed because of one single passenger's passport not going through. A flight full of about 60-70 people delayed 45 minutes for one individual - which should have been figured out by removing her from the flight, as there were many people (at least 25) whom had connecting flights they had to get to, including us. We had a connecting flight in Chicago that was leaving 30 minutes after we landed, prior to the delay time. We were instructed to call the delay hotline to find flights for our party of 8 from Chicago to Minneapolis, in case we did not make it in time to catch our connection. We arrived with about 10 minutes to spare because of a delay in the mechanics with said connecting flight. We got to the gate to assure we were going to make it and it turns out the hotline screwed up 3 of our seats and booked us for a flight leaving 5 hours later than our original take off time that we sprinted through O'Hare airport to make. While I understand screw ups, the attitudes of the ladies at the gate was absolutely unacceptable. Not once did we receive an apology, nor did they seem willing to help, even though we were originally very calm and cooperative. They acted as if it was our fault and even made a comment about my manners, while they continued to treat us poorly. They were well aware of the situation and knew our flight was arriving with little time to make it to the gate and knew the number of seats that were needed. It was in no way our fault, as we did as we were instructed each step of the way. I will never be flying American Airlines again and hope I never have to deal with another one of the employees I encountered in this entire experience."
"Verified Review | The absolute worst experience I've ever had on an airline. I've flown Delta or United my entire life but flying from Dallas to Atlanta, American seemed like the way to go. Wrong. My flight was delayed, the flight crew was unorganized and upon landing in Atlanta they somehow managed to take us to a gate that had a broken jetway. We then had to get towed to another gate after 30-45 minutes of waiting. Very unorganized and not efficient in allowing passengers to make their connections."
"Verified Review | I work in TX and work in NV, so I fly frequently Dallas DFW to Las Vegas, once every 2 weeks, and always by American Airlines because of the convenience (non-stop flight). AA is a Dallas Fort Worth based company. I am now a member of AA and a platinum Mastercard holder. I flew this morning (flight 542) in a seat that I upgraded paying $64. For this sum of money, I got to sit in 5C, a seat with a malfunctioning belt that refused to lock, I also got boarding privilege of Group 5 and my 2 bags were not the last to come out but close to last. It is an absolute disgrace that AA charges us $64 for an upgrade, for what? Did I mention the gate changes, on Sunday. I checked my gate online, and, I learnt that it was C10. The next day I got a boarding pass that said C7; while seated close to C7 we were told that it would be C8. Well we flew out of C24, I am glad I was paying attention, knowing that with this team anything was possible. AA is a very poorly run organization by people who are beyond caring. I think there were 2 seats in row 5 that had belts malfunctioning, 5C and 5E. Both the airline and DFW airport need a complete overhaul. Yes, everything in TX is big, but who gives a damn about dimensions, we want quality, we want efficiency."
"Verified Review | What can I say about American Airlines, well it's the worst airline I have flown with. I was meant to be flying from Las Vegas to Auckland via Los Angeles on 23 June 2017. It's now 26 June 2017 and I have only just got home. The first flight was delayed so I missed my connecting flight, and ended up being scheduled for the next flight 24 hours later. Found it difficult getting any help at LAX airport from AA, some staff told me to sleep on the floor, eventually I was put in a hotel for 2 nights but as I got there and gave my credit card we were promptly kicked out as the hotel was overbooked and they said American Airlines was coming to get us to take us to another hotel (there was 11 travellers in total) they never came. Had to make own way back to the airport. It was hot temperatures, and no one would provide us with bottled water. It took me an hour to get a $12 dinner voucher as I felt the $12 I got given wasnt good enough since $5 for a bottle of water at LAX. Got into Auckland airport eventually, no American Airlines staff anywhere to help. Went to baggage servies and they managed to get a staff member to talk to me. I feel like I have been treated poorly and I haven't been apologised to."
"Verified Review | Flew New York, NY to Birmingham, AL. So we had a major unexpected traffic delay while departing from New York causing the flight to arrive 2 hours behind schedule. Now of course I understand that the airline did not intentionally delay the flight however when asked for any assistance on booking a hotel, since I was told my flight was pushed over until the next morning, I was told by a representative both at the airport and on the phone that this was not their problem and just deal with it! Since I booked my trip through Expedia I gave them a call and they helped out with voucher covering a portion of my hotel fee as a courtesy which was very kind. It's not what you say it's how you say it! Never again will I fly American Airlines."
"Verified Review | American Airlines is honestly one of the worst I've flown. My flight from Columbia to Los Angeles via Dallas was re-routed due to weather, which is fine, however passengers were told they could not leave the plane or else they wouldn't be able to get back on for over 3 hours. Finally we were allowed to fly again and the staff at the gate seemed to not know where to redirect everyone to. They simply didn't plan ahead in any sort of way. When I was able to get my ticket (because the layover plane I previously had a ticket for has left long before), I had to wait 2 more hours because the flight crew had not arrived. The plane was more and more delayed. Additionally, they gave no sort of accommodation to make up for the massive time gaps. They sat me and my father in the very back with no hope to move up due to their policy of overbooking. Hands down one of the worst airlines out there. They are unorganized and do not care in any way about the customer. They have no communication skills or ability to handle inconvenienced customers. Do not give them your money."
"Verified Review | After a bad flight experience with American Airlines 3 years ago, I was pretty hesitant to fly with American again but it was the best option for my needs and I believe in second chances. I arrived in Washington DC at IAD 2 hours before my 7.20 am flight to find that it had been delayed to 10.30 am and my connecting flight in Dallas had subsequently been changed to accommodate for the delay. Even though I asked two employees, nobody could give a definitive answer as to why the flight was delayed 3 hours. I realize that these things happen and my connection had been altered so I wasn't too upset with the changes, but once it was time to board the now 10.30 am flight things started to de-escalate. They boarded some passengers and then stopped and made everyone get off the plane because, our pilot was missing! There was a major miscommunication about where the pilot was and the flight staff didn't have much information to tell us at first. We later found out that he was at least an hour away at another airport in DC. Knowing that I only had a 1 hour layover between my newly rebooked flights, I was panicking. We were finally allowed to re board our flight after many miscommunications about the pilots whereabouts and the flight attendants seemed to find the entire situation comical or maybe they were trying to lighten the mood for their unpleased passengers? The only saving grace in this story is the employee at the gate counter. Without her help I would have certainly missed my connection, but because of her tremendous efforts I was able to make my connecting flight by 5 minutes. Of course, the trip home wasn't quite as terrible, but again I only had one hour to catch my connection and the flight leaving Oklahoma City was 30 minutes late and again I made my connection by 5 minutes. The flights themselves weren't worse or better than average and there are some very helpful employees, but I'm going to steer clear from American Airlines from now on."
"Verified Review | Quite a disappointing flight with American Airlines. I was on a long haul flight lasting 9 hours flying from Dallas to Amsterdam. Even though I have a small frame I found that the seating was cramped. There was not much leg room. The inflight entertainment was not working - no sound. There was no lighting (ie for reading) when the cabin lights were turned off at night. Screens were suspended from the top of the cabin rather than one screen per person at the back of each seat - no choice of what to watch."
"Verified Review | American Airlines flight from Paris was canceled and caused us to experience a 24 hour delay in returning home. Connecting flight from Philadelphia to Denver was then also late by an hour. Ended up spending 23 hours total for this flight from Paris to Denver. After we were notified of the flight was canceled we were only given a phone number to call and had to reschedule our own flights on our own time."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to New York JFK. As we had missed our previous flight due to a delay, we had to be rebooked to a flight later that day which worked out fine. Having only frequently flown United to the US before, I was suprised by the friendly flight attendants. Inflight service and the IFE were fine. As the flights were on time. I appreciate that AA has refurbished thier Boeing 777 fleet and I really the ambient lightning and new IFE. However, cramping in another seat in every row (3-4-3 instead of 2-5-2) makes traveling really uncomfortable. As a 187 cm/88kg Person, the extremely narrow seats makes it always impossible to find a comfortable sitting position. Even our British Airways connecting service from HAM to LHR in an A320 had wider seats. Luckily, the flights from London to New York are not too long. I will avoid flying American the 777-fleet in the future which is a pity as I usually really like these aircraft type."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Los Angeles. Worst customer service ever! Plane was delayed 3 hours when we finally got on, only to sit at the gate for another hour with \"maintainance issues\". The crew would not give any information and were extremely rude. When I asked for a blanket for my 8 year daughter (it was 10:30pm) they said no. Sadly enough this is the 2nd time this happened to me on AA. Never again!"
"Verified Review | I do not recommend American Airlines. I had the worst experinec flying from LA to Dulles Washington. At the airport in LA they made my life miserable because I had my laptop along with my purse and back pack as a carry on. They told me that laptop is considered an additional bag and I have to shove it in my backpack to give the illusion that I am carrying 2 bags. On top of everything returning from Philadelphia I had a carry on bag full of glass souvenirs. They wanted me to check in the bag due to no overhead space. I had to empty my carry on to remove all the glass items for me to carry them on to the plane. Lord be hold, I walk on to the plane and there is plenty of room above. I have traveled a lot and never encountered such an unorganized company. I will never recommend or fly with this airline ever again."
"Verified Review | American Airlines cancelled our flight from Dublin to Chicago (not due to weather), but no call despite the fact that I had given them our cell number. They rerouted us to London, Chicago, but failed to mention it would take an extra day to get home. When I noticed this, I had to talk with a different agent in London to route us through Dallas. We ended up 5+ hours late and missed connecting flight, having to stay overnight in Seattle and buying new tickets for $350. AA refused to pay for hotel, meals, rebooked flight despite that they got us to our destination a day later. Will try to avoid them as much as possible in the future."
"Verified Review | I was scheduled on an American Airlines flight last night from Phoenix to Omaha. We boarded the flight and then was told there was a mechanical. Not a problem. I’m a million miler and understand. As soon as the problem was fixed the pilots timed out. Once again I totally understand. I don’t want a fatigued pilot flying the plane and it is an FAA rule that the airline can’t ignore. The problems started after all this. They said they were getting new pilots and it could take a couple of hours so they wanted everyone to deplane. At this point I’m not thrilled but at least we are going to make it to Omaha and I should be able to at least get in a half a day’s work the next day. We wait for two hours and still no pilots. They make an announcement that the pilots are coming in on a flight in 15 minutes and will be at the gate directly across from us. That was great news but a total lie. A few minutes later I hear someone on a radio say the pilots had never acknowledged the tag. My understanding is pilots never respond to these requests so I’m not sure why they even try or get the passengers hopes up. So the plane lands and deplanes I see the pilots get off and walk away. The gate has still not told anyone. About a half hour later the gate agent announces the flight is officially cancelled. The airline knew there was a shortage of pilots and no one ever accepts a tag so why did they hold us all captive for four hours after they knew the flight would cancel anyway. I would have been fine if as soon as the pilots timed out they cancelled the flight knowing they didn’t have any pilots to cover it. Things like this are why people hate airlines. Not only did they make me miss a whole day of work, they wasted four hours of my day for no reason."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Las Vegas to Dallas Fort Worth. Flight was delayed due to rain, there were no storms in sight just rain. When I called to change my flight to an earlier one I'd found the customer service representative was extremely impatient and rude. Not to mention, did not help with my request at all). This is the 3rd time in a year that I've experienced unnecessary delays and been late to numerous business meetings and picking up my kids from grandparents. This has cost me a lot of time stress and money."
"Verified Review | Overall I would say American Airlines is a pretty good airline. My outbound flight from London Heathrow to Charlotte was fine, as was the internal between Charlotte and LaGuardia. But as my return flight from New York to London Heathrow was overnight I went ahead and purchased extra legroom which included priority boarding. Except it didn't. Boarding was exactly the same and the extra legroom was minimal. I am 6 foot 3 inches tall and even with the extra space it was pretty close to my knees. \"Up to an extra 6 inches\" it said, well I suppose it is correct as I estimate 3 inches was what I got and technically that is up to 6 inches. Called customer services who refused to even entertain my complain. Shocking customer service."
"Verified Review | I would not recommend American Airlines to anyone. They had me stranded in Charlotte after lying to customers for hours about our delayed flight from Las Vegas to Charlotte. First it was weather related then an airline steward was \"missing\" but on her way which was the reason given for the prolonged delay, at that point it had been already 2+hrs. We finally boarded at 1am, sat there only for them to say the flight was now canceled with no valid reason. The Customer service agents were absolutely awful. Best part of this all is they tell us there are no flights to Charlotte until 10.45pm the following day which was also a lie, they would not offer hotel comp stating that it was weather related delay and they were not responsible for it. So we board a flight to NY, then to Boston get here only to be told that my luggage is in Charlotte and it arrived at 7am, somehow my luggage got here before I did. American Airlines should be ashamed of themselves."
"Verified Review | Once again, my American Airlines flight from Birmingham to Dallas was delayed and caused me to miss a full days of work. My flight was scheduled to leave Birmingham at 9:32a I didn't leave until 4:45p. Now on the flight leaving Texas back to Birmingham, here I am still at the airport 3 hours after my scheduled flight. This is a business paid for flight. However I still think it is horrible the things I go through every time I fly American Airlines. They even canceled my return flight back to Birmingham without my knowing. It was taken care of however that was still a potential inconvenience. Today they loaded us on the plane. We sat on the plane for an hour, they tell us something is wrong. We have to walk out of the plane. We get back in they change our gate 3 times. This is always the worst flying experience."
"Verified Review | Flew from Austin to New York. This is the third time I have had problems with American Airlines. I am done giving them chances. They are constantly delaying and canceling flights and they do a horrible job with accommodations. I strongly advise you to choose a different airline unless you feel like sleeping in the airport waiting for a flight 15 hours later."
"Verified Review | My wife and I traveled from Kauai to Sacramento with a connection in Phoenix with American Airlines. The flight crew was late arriving at the airport in Kauai and we were over 30 minutes late departing to Phoenix. We arrived 20 minutes late in Phoenix. Because of the delay, we missed our connection to Sacramento. They closed the door early just as we ran up to the gate. I complained to the American Airlines customer service representative. She told me it was my fault for the missed connection and that I should not have booked the flights so close together. I tried to explain that it was a prepackaged AA flight connection that my travel agent booked. She put us on the next flight 2.5 hours later. That flight was nearly full and we were not able to sit next to each other. Also, I had paid for premium seats that we were not able to sit. The customer service agent also refused to refund the extra I paid for the premium seats. To top things off, the new connection flight was 40 minutes late taking off and arriving in Sacramento. I was surprised at how little American Airlines cared about their customers. Apparently you can pay extra for a seat, get bumped from it, not sit in it, and not get your money back. What a scam!"
"Verified Review | It has been 15 years since I have flown American Airlines due to every flight being delayed. Today is no different! Flew from Washington Reagan to Detroit. It is great to have choices because I will never fly American again and will encourage others not to. Looking at the display right now and four flights are delayed - ridiculous!"
"Verified Review | American Airlines is by far the I have ever flown. Every single person I came in contact with today for my flight from New York JFK to San Jose was so incredibly rude. First was the man who curbside checked my bags, who talked to me like a complete idiot and then demanded he get a tip before he even began to check my bags. Now I am sitting at my gate where the rude gate attendants asked for people to check bags. As I go up to do so, they rudely asked what I was doing up there then I told them I would like to check a bag to help and (again with all this attitude) asked what seat I was in, I proceeded to tell her, then she barks at me telling me that's not my seat number asks for my last name, and then repeats to raise her voice and tell me that's not my seat number and I need to go sit down. I am fuming right now. I will never ever again fly with American Airlines. I have never been treated this poorly before by so many employees. American Airlines you are a disappointment."
"Verified Review | Fly American Airlines from Dallas every week to Chicago and back to Dallas every week and have not or arrived on time. Frequent flyer miles - still can't retrieve them and get the run around all the time. Don't know why anyone would rely on them. I'm canceling my next month of travel!"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Salt Lake City to Chicago. After waiting for over thirty minutes after our flight was supposed to take off we found out that there was no crew for our flight. They then said that they were working on finding one. After two and a half hours they decided that our flight was then cancelled. We then had to wait to rebook and dealt with a very incompetent front desk lady. After it took her 45 minutes to rebook us we had to find a hotel, the airline didn't even offer to pay for it even though it was their fault our flight was cancelled. After a short night in a hotel we had to go back to the airport to catch our new flight. We had been told that we would all be sitting next to each other and that there wouldn't be any delays in our flights. We were mistaken. Once we landed in Phoenix we waited three hours before we even boarded our plane, this was after they did a last minute gate change. Even after we had to wait three hours for our flight, we had to sit on a hot plane for an hour and a half before it even took off. We had been told we would land in Chicago by 2 pm. We didn't arrive until 5.30pm. With myself being pregnant all of these changes, delays, and cancelations were very hard on my body. Not only did we have to pay for a hotel but we had to pay for an extra day on our long term parking. When I emailed this airline, they apologized and said that there wasn't anything they do with cancellations or delays. My husband and I have flown a lot. This was our first flight with American Airlines and it was terrible. Go with another airline when you find your self booking."
"Verified Review | Miami to Nashville. My husband and I were returning home from our wedding/ Honeymoon in St. Lucia on Flight AA4658 from Miami to Nashville and I was carrying my very expensive wedding dress on the plane. I had called ahead to make sure that it wouldn't be a problem to hang it up before we left and was told that the flight attendant would help us find a place for my dress. We had been on four flights and on all of our flights except the last the flight attendants were helpful and polite. Our last flight was an absolute nightmare and everyone with us is very displeased with how poorly we were treated. The flight attendant introduced herself and she was extremely rude and condescending. Entering the plane we encountered the FA and asked if there was a place we could hang my wedding dress? She in return asked where we were seating, so we told her seats 12A and 12C. She curtly told us that because we were not flying first class she could not help us and we would have to put the dress in one of the overhead compartments. I was appalled by how dismissive she was. We quietly took our seats but I absolutely refused to shove my expensive dress above with all the other luggage, so we held the dress in our laps. Another flight attendant from the back came to greet us and was very sweet. She asked about the dress and we told her what happened. I told her how upset I was and she told us she would take care of it. A few moments later we saw her call up to the other flight attendant and it look like they were in a very heated altercation. Eventually the other flight attendant placed the dress in a hanging closed, but from that point on the first FA was even more rude than she was when we first entered the plane. Anytime she would walk by us she would make condescending remarks. When we were exiting the plane and asked for the dress she yet again make uncalled for remarks. We reached out to American airlines to complain about her unacceptable way of treating people, but we were only given a very generic cookie cutter response. We don't feel that American Airlines values customers that are not in their programs and we will not fly with them in the future."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Los Angeles. I have to say I don't think I will fly American ever again if I can help it. My experience today going back to Los Angeles was less than ideal. I was supposed to arrive back to L.A. on June 4th by 8pm PT because my flight was scheduled to leave 5:51pm ET. They delayed the flight 10 times before they canceled and changed the gate once which was just after midnight. So I waited seven hours just for them to keep delaying and to cancel. Guess what the reason was? The flight attendant was missing. They put me on another flight that was to leave out at 9:20 the next morning. That following morning we had a gate change and two delays but not by too many minutes. We did arrive on schedule to L.A. but guess what? My bag was kept on the original flight that was cancelled so my bag arrived to L.A before I did. I waited about an hour waiting on my bag at baggage claim thinking that they had it on the flight that I arrived on. I finally went to the back looking around to get answers as to why it was taking my bag so long. I looked at some bags they had positioned at the desk and guess what? One of those bags was mine. I could have saved an hour of time. They are horrible communicators. Very disappointed in my travel experience. The only good things that came out of this was that I arrived home safely, and they put me in a hotel for the night. Do better American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Time and time again I have problems with American Airlines. This time my flights from Columbus to Montreal via Charlotte was delayed causing me to miss my connection flight and the only thing they can do is to rebook me the next day and add a second connection. I flew with them back in December 2016 and I once again missed my connection flight due to mechanical problems that delayed us 2h. Never has American compensated me. They don't offer to rebook on another company either. They offer the best flight hours in my case but don't respect them. I have never been on time when flying with them."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Haneda to Los Angeles. Bad food, bad service, always delayed. Not worth the money. I'd rather take asian airlines for international flights. Not worth your money. Again not even comfortable. Never for a more than 5 hour flight."
"Verified Review | Don't fly American Airlines if you can avoid it, their customer service and communication terrible. For that reason I had not flown AA for years, however I decided to use them this time (Atlanta to Los Angeles via Dallas) and nothing has changed. Don't say I didn't warn you. Best airline is Southwest for domestic flights. They are efficient, their customer service is excellent and they don't charge change fees and bags fly free. I hate to be parked in a plane on runaway for an hour twice in one day."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Dallas Ft Worth. You would be better off walking to your destination. American Airlines is a complete joke and they prove this time and time again. Last night our flight was cancelled due to the crew needing to be \"off\" on time. They would not help us to get on any other flights last night. So we had to leave go home and come back today. Then to top it all off we get there today and they move our flight from 7:45 to 11 because the crew \"needs more rest\" - what about all of their customers who have been back and forth due to their lack of planning! Well on top of that they just moved us again to 12:45. No one will help us all they say is its out of their control. We have now been at the airport for a solid 24 hours, missed our grand daughters graduation, now spending my birthday at the airport. Not to mention we have a non refundable hotel and car rental waiting on us."
"Verified Review | Miami to New York JFK. My experience with the American Airlines flight AA1048 (1 June 2017) was by far the worst experience I have had with any airline. Flight AA1048 was delayed over 4 hours (scheduled departure time was supposedly 3:30pm from Miami and arriving at JFK at 6:30pm), which resulted to my boyfriend and I not making our connecting flight to Sydney via Abu Dhabi. We ended up departing Miami airport at 7:30pm and arriving at JFK at 10:10pm at terminal 8. Our flight back home was scheduled to depart at 10:45pm at terminal 4 with Etihad Airlines. The staff at American Airlines (both at Miami and the JFK airport) had no concept of urgency, sensitivity or care to its passengers. Gate changes were made without clear announcements (D4 to D23) and passengers were not informed in a timely manner about reasons for the flight delay. Sporadic announcements were made when it was clear that passengers were becoming even more restless and agitated as their patience was being stretched beyond their capacity. One bit of information that was announced was that the plane was ready to leave however, the cabin crew was waiting for one flight attendant who was running late. This was actually ridiculous considering the flight was already late for 3 hours and she was still late. I do acknowledge that the pilot informed us in a timely manner the reasons for the further and ongoing delay, which was nice. Furthermore, I do also acknowledge his amazing pilot skills steering us through the crazy turbulence and landing the plane in such a smooth and gentle way. AA staff at JFK were rude, abrupt and showed no courtesy. After the plane landed, my boyfriend and I tried to get off the flight as soon as possible and when we managed to get through to the gate front desk, I spoke to a lady explaining to her that my boyfriend and I had a flight in 45min but she just brushed us off and said that since we didn't book the connecting flight with AA, there's nothing they can do. I asked her if it was possible if she could call the other terminal to notify them that we were on the way and she just said, \"Nope we can't do that and there's no way and that we missed our flight considering the time involved with baggage claim\". We asked her how to get to terminal 4 and what was the fastest way and she just advised \"go up that way and follow the signs\" in her monotone. She provided no equitable solution, not even extended a small kind gesture to appease our frustration as it was clear she did not understand the concept of customer service."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Philadelphia. Let me first say that American has long been my carrier of choice which is evident via my over 300,000 miles logged in the past 5 years (splitting time with Delta and SouthWest too). However, recent changes will be the driving factor for my migration to a new primary carrier. I don't mind the ability to buy premium seating but it has now grown out of control. American now intentionally forces me in a seat that is not my preference just so they can sucker me into paying for my desired position. The additional requirements preventing carry on baggage for economy coach, again could be bearable but only if the carrier holds itself to a higher turnaround time (which it does not). I continue to experience delays and issues each time I fly American. Today it was a flight crew delay for 2+ hours followed by an equipment delay of 20 additional minutes. I'm done."
"Verified Review | Memphis to Houston via Dallas. This review is about American Airlines customer service and about the experience I have had with requesting a refund. I made a reservation using a evoucher but I cancelled the reservation within 24 hrs. I requested a refund and I learned that I would have to wait up to 2 weeks to receive it by mail. Two weeks later I check the refund status on AA website and see that a letter has been mailed to me but I never received this letter. Ive called customer service inquiring about this 3 separate times and spent over 3 hours and waiting over 2 months and still not received my refund. So I have to say that American Airlines has the worst refund process. I dont know when I will receive my refund."
"Verified Review | American Airlines overbooked the flight from St George to Phoenix by 1 passenger. I checked in 35 minutes before the deadline of 30 minutes. I was at the gate before the 15 minute deadline to get my seat assignment since they overbooked. They said that the plane was full and since I was the last one to check in, that they could book me on the next flight which was 5 hours later. I said that if they knew that the flight was overbooked, why didn't they ask for volunteers, I had to go to work. They were very arrogant, and gave me a hard time, in fact I had to beg them to give me another ticket on the next flight. I sent a complaint into American Airlines and all they said was \"sorry, hope your next experience will be better\". No compensation, just excuses. I sent in verification of my arrival on time, but they just ignored it. This is the worst customer service I have had with an airline. In addition, the security told the gate people I was coming since I was handicapped, so they knew in advance but managed to board the plane early and since it was full I was out of luck. This is the most unprofessional airline."
"Verified Review | Charleston to Indianapolis via Washington. The employees at the Ronald Regan Washington DC airport have no people skills. I missed my connection due to air traffic and was denied any type of voucher. The captain said it was weather related, but when we arrived there was barely any evidence of weather ever having occurred. This airport was the most unpleasant leg of my trip both going and returning. Employees were rude to me at every turn as if I'm supposed to know how these things operate. I was told to \"back up and get out of my face\" after running to a podium to try to connect with said missed flight when I was only verifying that the flight was indeed gone. I was told \"ma'am calm down\" when I came to the gate after being called and asked what I needed to do. I am very laid back and patient, so this was uncalled for. These people are disorganized and undertrained. I will pay the extra money to use a different airline next time since I saved nothing after having to pay for the hotel from my missed flight."
"Verified Review | Guayaquil to Miami. Horrible experience, the flight was late and we missed our connection. The crew told me that after our delay we would be on time. The agent at the airport was no help. On top of it our meal at the plane was as cheap as it can get, and it was an international flight. I will never fly American Airlines again. I would give a 0 rating if there was the possibility."
"Verified Review | Denver to Lihue via Los Angeles. Awful company. If you book two tickets, what makes these people think you want to sit 20 aisles apart? In all honesty, please give me a valid response on why this company thinks it is okay to hold such practices? If you want to sit with your spouse, make sure you decide to spend the extra $140 to $200 to get \"select\" seating on a flight that already cost you nearly $1000 a ticket just to get a seat. By the way, seats are stiff, food is junk, in flight entertainment is probably what they spend your money on (for longer 2+ hour flights) and in flight WiFi is a joke. I'll be sure to never fly this company again."
"Verified Review | San Antonio to Cusco via Dallas / Lima. I experienced a total of 3 flight delays out of 6 flights on our recent vacation. The total delay time was 27 hours. When I arrived in Lima from Dallas I was told my connecting ticket did not exist - I was told my ticket, and the ticket of my wife, that we had paid for, did not exist. I was then directed by Latam airlines (connecting airlines) to an American Airlines office; sadly no one was working at this office at 4 pm. I was then directed to call a local number; no one answered the line. I then used my cell phone to make an hour long international call, costing me 100 dollars (I have the bill) for my flight to be rescheduled for 10 hours later. So, 2 nights later, with about 6 hours total sleep time, my wife and I arrived at our final destination. The trip took 36 hours instead of 12. Of course, this completely changed our plans, cost me money, and caused me to experience a health problem. When I described my travel difficulties to an American Airlines representative, I was told that there were no guidelines that would fulfill my request for a refund. I was told that these types of problems, including forgetting to schedule a connecting flight when the original flight is delayed, are within what is considered normal operating procedures. I was awarded a number of airline miles. I have never experienced this kind of service. I have never written an online review of an airline. And I will never fly this airline again. The photo shows a throng of delayed passengers in Dallas after the first of 3 delays (this one 10 hours) - the airline sent us all to the same two hotels. Because the shuttles only held 11 people, and ran every 45 minutes, it took some passengers 3 hours to get from the Dallas Airport to the Super 8!"
"Verified Review | Miami to Washington. I was upset to find that I had to check my carry on, last minute! They literally looked at my bag and my girlfriends bag, and slapped a sticker saying \"there is no more cabin area for your luggage\". All the while, there was plenty of space for our two carry on and then some. If you going to own an airline and operate one, you should take in to account how much space and what can be brought on the plane, accordingly. Not when you are walking on to the plane. I didn't have any of my belongings with me and yes I am a female and yes I did not have proper items when needed. This was hands down the worst experience and from such a big corporation."
"Verified Review | Denver to Buffalo. I'm not one who is usually compelled to write a review but the service I experienced this weekend flying on American Airlines was so horrible that I had to. It all began when I believed I left my debit card at the ticketing counter when I paid to check my bag. After exiting security and returning to the check in area, I approached an attendant and kindly asked him if anyone had turned in a debit card as I had lost mine, the guy doesn't even look up from what he is doing and rudely yells \"did anyone turn in a debit card? No?\" Then looks at me and says \"retrace your steps, it's not my problem.\" Finally I get past security and to my gate, we board the plane and begin to take off. A passenger gets sick before we even take off so we return to the gate, completely understandable. After waiting for 30 minutes for them to clean up, we are informed that they need to \"wax the plane down\" which took another 45 minutes. It was at this point that the pilot stated that he informed all AA crew we were delayed so we could get to our connecting flights in Charlotte. 45 minutes into the \"waxing\" we were informed we were returning to the gate yet again due to possible damage to the tail. I needed to get to Buffalo that night due to an important engagement early the next day so I decided to exit the plane and attempt to get on another flight that night. The flight attendant rudely stated overhead that anyone exiting the plane would not be welcome back on if they took off soon. My last straw was booking another flight and due to AA already rebooking my Charlotte flight for the next evening, they were refusing to put me on a flight that left that night so I had to repurchase another ticket with the \"possibility of a refund\" which was eventually denied. Everyone from the checkin counter to the flight attendants and gate staff were awful. I don't even think they know what being polite or a smile is. On top of it, my bags were lost and I received them the day I returned back to Denver. I paid for extra seating and another ticket and they still will not refund me. Never flying this airline again. It blows my mind they can still operate."
"Verified Review | I was appalled by the last of service and poor treatment given to me by American Airlines today. I have an extra three hours to wait at the airport and write this review because I was bumped from my connecting flight without any notice or compensation. The first flight was delayed an hour and fifteen minutes due to mechanical issues. Apparaty a bird had crashed into the plane the night before. So rather than have the issue fixed before takeoff, they make an entire plane full of passengers wait on a hot, sticky plane for an hour. Because the plane departed late American Airlines rebooked all passengers with connecting flights. I was one of them, the problem is that my connecting flight was delayed so I made the flight with time to spare. The aircraft didn't even change, the same plane I took on the first flight was also the same plane I would have taken for the second flight. But did American Airlines care? No! They bumped me from the flight I was supposed to be on and gave my seat away. The flight was of course overbooked - as per usual for American Airlines. After being treated rudely by the gate manager I went to customer service to ask for a refund (I knew I wouldn't get it but hey, never hurts to ask) and was told the best he could offer was a $12 meal voucher. Wow. To contest this further I have to send them an email but I am sure I will never be compensated or given an apology. Badly done American, Badly done."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Phoenix. My name was misspelled instead of an N had a M, there was not one person capable of fixing the misspelled. I was send to 4 different kiosk, two hours later I was let in with the misspelled name. Now while 9 members of my family are flying to my son's graduation I will be sitting at the airport for 8 hours hoping I could it be there with him. Never in my life will fly American."
"Verified Review | Barcelona to New York. Truly disappointed. We paid big bucks for this international flight. We had issues on our way to Barcelona with British Airways and back with American. Both times we were greeted with customer service that was quite awful. There were a few friendly faces, but what affected me most was the check-in lady who literally yelled at me and the people in front of us in line and then a flight attendant who also yelled at me about food on the flight, because I had my headphones in and missed her when she first spoke. When I removed my earbud and said sorry, she then proceeded to refuse me service. I come from hospitality and I know it's a tough job...but I also know you stay positive no matter what. I can honestly say I'll never book American again - if I'm almost to tears twice because of people due to flying then I will say that is enough. Goodbye American."
"Verified Review | American keeps getting progressively worse with each trip of mine! After the horror ripped baggage and damaged articles experience the previous trip I regret giving American Airlines another chance. After 2-3 months of explaining and convincing I finally was offered some compensation. The only reason I decided to take America again because of the $100 gift card they offered. Last week, I relocated completely from NY to TX. I literally moved my entire house from one coast to the other, and without any consideration to that AA charged me $100 for 3 pounds extra. Yes you heard it right, $100 for 3 pounds! The guy at the counter apparently had no power to let \"3 pounds\" in a check in bag go or make any exceptions and I contact customer care to take care of this later on, but all I get is a couple of copy-pasted auto replies from customer service and then they disappear completely. Maybe AA uses the strategy of \"let the customer lose patience waiting for our reply\". That way the case dies a natural death! No consideration to customer satisfaction whatsoever."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Boston. Short-changed on a paid upgrade. This was a late evening flight that got delayed by half an hour (and for the first time on American I heard the pilot actually acknowledge and apologize). Security at O'Hare was a bit of a zoo and most food outlets were shutting down as I got through. Since I have status and the cost would be $80 I paid for two 500 mile upgrade vouchers in the hope of getting bumped. My seat was already in main cabin extra with reasonable legroom, and I fly this route at least monthly but given the late hour and my hunger I thought I would enjoy an upgrade. The product was very disappointing and not worth $80. We were offered nuts which I can't eat due to an allergy. I was given a snack pack as an alternative. I was in seat 3E, legroom wasn't amazing. Seat comfort was ok but nothing special. I had a couple of drinks. Food and beverage value maybe $35 for a snack pack and a couple of whiskies (but they often comp your second if you buy two in economy so not that good). Slightly better seat but not much better than main cabin extra. No meal, no entertainment. Wifi is paid for either way and I never use it. I really feel ripped off, the upgrade really isn't worth the difference."
"Verified Review | Palm Springs to Boston via Phoenix with American Airlines and American Eagle. This airline assumes no responsibility for the services that it sells to their customers. Three of us left Palm Springs (flight AA3076) on a beautiful day with hopes of connecting to our flight in Phoenix that was to bring us back to Boston (flight AA2341). Upon arrival to Phoenix our flight was running late, the flight attendant was aware of 2 groups of people with tight connections and all they did was to tell the plane to let those with tight connections to get off 1st and both groups were in the back of the airplane. We know how that worked out, we all got off last. They did not call the tower to say we were running late as reported to me by the person at the gate for Boston. There was only 30 minutes between reported landing time in Phoenix and lift off time to Boston if the 1st flight arrived on time. The gates were over 1/2 mile apart. I was the youngest in our group of three turning 65 this year and the oldest was 82. This information is all known by the airline upon booking a ticket on line. I ran to the gate for flight AA2341 and was told the doors were closed and are always closed 15 minutes before take off. I asked if she could call to see if the doors could be opened and she refused. The plane did not disconnect from gate for at least 6 more minutes. How is an 82 year old man suppose to walk 1/2 + miles to a connecting flight when seated in the back of the plane which takes 6-10 minutes to get out of allowing only 5-9 minutes of walking time (if it lands on time and it did not)? At the service desk rule 240 was not applied which entitles us to the first flight to Boston on any airline not just American which we were forced to do getting us home an entire day late. I emailed to customer relations who responded in a way that was unacceptable (basically saying sorry but there is nothing that can be done). I asked her to have a supervisor get back to me and not one response has been sent my way in over 2 weeks. The company needs some hospitality training."
"Verified Review | Paris to Orlando via Dallas Ft Worth. Front staff members that tooks us from one side to the other without clear instructions to rearrange our delayed flight. It took us an couple of hours to resolve our issue. Rude and unpleasant flight attendants that were not helpful. My worst experience flying has been with American Airlines and I refuse to fly with them again! They keep promoting their credit card and I even thought about getting it but after this horrible experience, AA is a not go option."
"Verified Review | Houston to Durango via Dallas Ft Worth. Got delayed with ground crew in Houston today which was not too bad. The pilot tried to make up some time for us, but 5 of us got to our connection gate with plane still there and staff would not let us on. Again not so bad there is a flight leaving at 6 - oh no, now delayed until 9:30 departure and on it's 4th gate change. It's official once again - could have driven in less time. I need a new day."
"Verified Review | I was at the gate for my flight from Atlanta but the sign showed a different flight number and there were a lot of people standing around waiting to board. I went to the counter and asked if I was at the right gate, and they said yes, but they couldn't change the sign because the plane that was at that gate wasn't able to pull out. They didn't give much of an explanation, but our aircraft was there, but wasn't able to get to the gate. At no point did they give an announcement to inform the customers. Eventually they re-routed the flight to the next gate and everyone deplaned. I knew I would miss my next flight, so I was able to get a new ticket from another counter prior to departing. When I got to Dallas I went to the customer service counter and despite a line that extended down the airport corridor, there were only 2 attendants present. Surprised me since they knew how many people missed flights with the three aircraft that were late arrivals. Eventually they did get other attendants, but it took 1.5 hours to get to the counter. When I inquired about lodging she informed me that it was due to weather! I couldn't believe it."
"Verified Review | My flight was cancelled from Hong Kong to LAX. I understand this happens and is often out of control of the airline. However, the organisation at the airport was awful as there is no American Airlines desk in Hong Kong airport so a lot of waiting around with nobody telling us what was going to happen. I had two onward flights to catch, one connecting from LAX-JFK with American Airlines and one the following day with JetBlue. As the delay got pushed back further and further (more than 15hrs) with the first leg, it turned out I was missing both connections. I called up AA and they would offer no compensation for this delay. At this point I had paid a change of flight fee to JetBlue and had paid for a hotel in New York. In the end, after not backing down, they said they would issue me a $300 voucher for use on AA. However, they will only issue the voucher by post. 8 weeks went by, no voucher. I've spoken to them and they told me they cannot give it out electronic vouchers by email because I do not have US address (come on..what year is this?), so I am still waiting. Overall I experienced pretty appalling service."
"Verified Review | From all the bad reviews I've read here, it seems like AA doesn't really care about it's customers, but I'll write this review anyway. I have just flown from Montreal to Charlotte, and I was mistreated by a flight attendant for no reason. The airplane had already landed and we were waiting our turn to stop at the gate, which was taking a while, I needed to go to the restroom really bad, and since I didn't know how much longer it would take, I decided to get and go. I told the flight attendant in the rear of the airplane that I needed to go really bad, the other flight attendant in the front, who never bothered to ask if I had any health issues that would force me to go even if it wasn't the appropriate time, simply said in the mic for the entire flight to hear, \"we are all going to have to wait here until this person in the restroom returns to his seat.\" Is that the best way to handle this?"
"Verified Review | Orlando to New York JFK. Flying American Airlines is the last option for me, it has to be based in price. This trip reinforced my image of the airline. Staff poor attitude, service is lacking, no food service. It is not a pleasant travel experience, it is more like traveling by bus."
"Verified Review | Chattanooga to Orlando via Charlotte. My flight out was ok, delayed a little bit but nothing too bad. Arrived about an hour or so late so wasn't able to get to my hotel until around 2am. On my return flight I arrived a couple hours early and decided to get a drink and some food. About an hour or so before my flight I was notified that my flight was delayed until 9:15pm which meant I would miss my connecting flight. When I went to the ticket counter, there was no rep there. I waiting with another passenger for around 30 min before a rep showed up. When I was finally able to ask her what was going on with my flight she informed me that they had canceled the flight and that it would be leaving the following morning. When I asked her why she said they didn't have enough people to man the flight. I asked her to put me on another flight, but there were no more flights that day. Keep in mind this was around 6pm. When I asked for a refund she said she couldn't do that and looked away from me back at her screen. When I asked how to get a refund she told me in a very sarcastic voice to \"just call American.\" At that point I unloaded on her and her horrible customer service and went to Delta and bought another ticket for $171.38. When I called AA to get a refund they told me it would take up to 10 days and that they couldn't tell me what amount would be refunded. I waited 11 days with no refund. When I called back in to AA they said no one had filled the refund. Once again I had to go through the process and wait. I finally go a notice that my refund of $115 was being \"processed\" but could take up to 5 days to complete. When I reached someone in customer service they seemed very unapologetic, like I was a nuisance. I tried to get someone to explain to me why my refund, which should have been $214 because of the seats I purchased, was so low they said, \"that is the amount our refund department issues.\" No other explanation was given. I have since canceled my AAdvantage membership and made sure that anyone in my company that flies does not use American or any affiliate. Customer service and customer relations for American is a joke."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Springfield via Dallas. Do not fly American if you have a choice. I am currently stuck in the Dallas airport because I could not run across airport fast enough. My first flight was 34 minutes late due to its departure from Dallas. We land in Dallas I run ( yes as people made comments about me running). I get to the gate before listed departure but 7 minutes after flight is closed. The funniest part is took me 6 minutes to get from gate to gate but I was 7 minutes late and I couldn't run fast enough? WTF I don't know or have ever seen someone run so fast time went backwards-have you? They didn't hold flight 1 minute for me even though they knew I was there trying to get on flight but running late because of them American not me. Basically flights with connections are just bait to get your money when they don't care about you. Then the 2nd flight is with an American partner (American Eagle) who says there is nothing they can do for me as my reason for missing the flight is not there fault but can get me a discount hotel room for $100 a night and put me on the first flight in the morning. Now I'm stuck in an airport for 12 hours."
"Verified Review | Long Beach to Alexandria via Dallas with American Airlines. Horrible experience. Arrived in Dallas at 2PM plane was supposed to leave at 4PM. Received multiple text messages indicating my plane will leave at 5:37 then 6PM then 6:37 and then 7:20 and then 8:20. When airline rep was confronted about the delay I was told they were waiting for staff. At 7ish we were advised plane was ready. Such a horrible experience I have lost so much money waiting around for this airline to handle business."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Miami to Atlanta. When boarding the plane the lady checking my bag said she wanted me to check and see if it would fit and if not I would have to check it. I was able to fit it in and she rudely told me I still had to check it even after me telling her I was going to miss my shuttle from Atlanta to Chattanooga. I also told her I was pregnant and really needed to make the shuttle. I had no trouble on the way there and didn't purchase anything this trip so the bag size did not change. Customer service was absolutely horrible. I've never felt so disrespected while traveling. No wonder they have had such horrible reviews lately. They need to work on their employee training so that customers are treated with respect."
"Verified Review | Miami to Toronto with American Airlines. What a terrible experience - all flights on my trip were delayed due to \"maintenenace issues\" which happens all the time with AA because they don't invest and maintain their planes as preventative and only do this when something is wrong causing constant delays. Using the excuse about everyone's safety is laughable. They don't communicate to customers how long the delay will be like other airlines. The company is more interested in paying their shareholders and executives and put customer last. Well this is the very last time I fly American Airlines. I'm done."
"Verified Review | Miami to Boston. Bought flight a month ago but when we we checking in they overbook the flight. I am travelling with my fiance and now we have to travel separately. First of all, they don't even want to explain to you whats going in? They just say one sec, one sec, and we have been here since 8am and they have been saying one sec, one second, and at 8:50am they decided to give us a seat without letting us know that we have to travel separate. We did not even get chance to grab the food because they dont want to give you information. Not happy about it. Never again flying with American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Very poor on time performance. I have been traveling back and forth from Philadelphia to Boston for last four weeks with American i.e. 8 times. I had my tickets booked in advance and every single time I faced at least a 45 minutes delay. They never leave the gate on time. They should seriously consider keeping upto their times and schedules. It makes people who travel wiTh American looks like fools. Almost all my flights departed well after the arrival time at my destination. No value for money."
"Verified Review | Flew from Miami to London Heathrow in First Class. The ground staff were very arrogant not helpful at all, nice layout of the first class cabin, staff on board not professional. We need to set up our cabin for the night by ourself no help from the staff they were eating. Entertainment system was not working at all during the full flight no excuses or explanations, lavatories were empty of courtesy products. Food was a disaster . Will never travel again with AA. Avoid if you can."
"Verified Review | New York to Chicago. Was not looking forward to taking this domestic flight in the US. The reviews seem to be universally poor. This flight was a bit of a non-event for me. The flight departed on time and the crew were polite and seemed happy to be there. The food was truly awful, and the plane was in bad condition, dirty and quite old. No IFE at all. First Class was on par with economy on a domestic Qantas flight. Took ages to get points and SC awarded and then only after queries."
"Verified Review | Portland to Fresno via Los Angeles with American Airlines. I have traveled all over the world on numerous airlines, some cheap, some expensive. AA is the worst hands down in every aspect. Budget airlines in Asia are more competent. This is the last time I will put up with AA's incompetence and terrible customer service. On this trip every single flight has been delayed at the last minute, causing missed connections and an excess of running around the airport from one gate to another while they attempt to get us to where we are going. On board the flights their staff are civil at best and all out rude most of the time, and from my experience this applies to their customer representatives within the airports as well."
"Verified Review | New York to Sao Paulo return. This was my first time to fly with American Airlines. I found the cabin crew most unfriendly and totally disinterested in any passengers. Both flights were similar in duration ie. just under 10 hours. Cabin crew appeared to want to get the meal out of the way as soon as it was safe to serve. About one and a half hours into both overnight flights all meals were served and cleared. Cabin crew disappeared for the next 6 hours to resurface one and a half hours before landing to serve a snack. There was no cabin crew interaction with fare paying passengers for the majority of both flights. There was no provision of water to keep passengers hydrated for an exceptionally long flight. There were no young staff as part of the cabin crew. I have been told the more mature cabin crew are very obsessive over staffing the long haul routes. What a shame. Pity they lack customer service. Also, I was witness to a male cabin crew member telling a young mother holding a baby to sit down in a not so very nice tone of voice, until they were finished working. I almost felt like saying something as I felt he was very rude and condescending to this young mother. American airlines is far from customer orientated."
"Verified Review | Miami to London Heathrow. My first flight with American Airlines and hopefully my last. The check in agent was reasonably okay. The cabin crew on the whole totally disinterested and disengaged. No cabin crew awareness of good customer service. A poor meal service, and they did not offer water during the transatlantic flight, too much interest in bonding I think."
"Verified Review | Austin to Tampa via Dallas with American Airlines. On the finale leg of my trip, I was told I needed to check my bag. The gate attendant asked me to test it in the check bag container and after fitting perfectly (I was on two day business trip) she tells me the bag is too large. I was perplexed and handed them my bag. The two passengers in front of me were carrying larger bags and large computer bags. One was a AA employee, of course they were not asked to check their bag. The traveler behind me acknowledged how strange the interaction was and that my bag was clearly not too large. I am livid as I sit and watch bag after bag roll by me. Now as I land at my home destination instead of walking to my car, I will be sitting at the baggage claim. Classy AA. Ask for volunteers, don't force your paying customers into wasting their time."
"Verified Review | I will never fly with American Airlines again. I just got back from my annual vacation (Roanoke to Portland) to visit family on the west coast. I have used American Airlines twice now to take this trip, and they completely ruined my vacation both times. Last year, my flight was delayed twice leaving my first airport. This caused me to miss my connecting flight. Then they re-routed me, which added an additional stop, after hours of dealing with rescheduling flights, I got on my flight from Dallas to Portland. Sat on the tarmac for 3 hours then that flight was cancelled. Then I had to wait in line for hours to reschedule yet again. I lost a day and a half of my vacation because of the delays. This year (last week) I was scheduled to fly out at 5:50pm. got to the airport to check in, and my flight had been canceled due to the AC on the plane being broken - they couldn't schedule me for another flight out until the next morning. Also, rescheduling resulted in adding an additional stop to my trip. I missed an entire day of this vacation, and had to cancel reservations as a result. They gave me a $200 voucher. Seriously? I don't even want to fly with them again. what good is a voucher going to do? Disgusting!"
"Verified Review | I just returned form the trip that I took from Saint Louis to Washington Reagan. American Airlines totally ruined the trip. Not only did we not get to DC in time to do anything, the same thing happened on the return flight home. Our flight was delayed and we did not get home until after midnight. We sat at both airports watching American Airlines flights being delayed and canceled. We were not the only ones. I will never fly AA again. Basically anyone was fortunate if they left on time. I was totally shocked. I really almost feel sorry for the gate personnel. It is no wonder that were telling people that “It is just your tough luck”, they have to be ashamed and sick of it themselves. While waiting in St. Louis, the gate personnel did not want to give out meal vouchers. One lady apparently aware that after such a wait that we were entitled to meal vouchers got up and asked for the meal voucher, the gate personnel whispered, “If I give you one I have to give everyone one.” Let me tell you about a similar experience I had with Southwest Airlines recently. The same delay happened and after a couple of hours the gate personnel started playing a game with everyone at the gate. They started giving mileage vouchers for the delay. I have flown for years and I have never had such incompetent, terrible service. The only way I will ever fly AA again would be that it is my only option and I have to use AA."
"Verified Review | I was scheduled to fly out on American Airlines on 4/17/2017 at 11:00 am from St. Louis to Washington Reagan. I arrived plenty early (9:00 am). Everything went smooth until I reached the gate to depart. I am now still sitting here waiting for a plane to arrive. It's 2:15 pm. When inquired upon where the plane was at, I was told two different stories - the plane was on its way or another plane was in the hanger and would be coming. None of the employees seem to care that appointments are being missed. No one seems to know anything. I know one thing for sure - I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | El Paso to Chicago. Due to my claustrophobic issues, this was my first flight since 2010. Arriving from Chicago to El Paso the flight was decent because i had the air vent full blast which helped from feeling anxiety; but returning home was a emotional disaster. I paid $90 for me and my husband for leg room and just to find that the only seats available in the main cabin had a low overhead, the air vent had hardly any pressure, tight seat belts, and I was continually bumped every time stewardess pass. After everyone boarded and a few minutes afterwards, the captain announced there was engine problem and there would be a delay. Immediately I began to panic because I couldn't get the air vent to work. I informed the stewardess several times with tears steaming down my face, that I was freaking out and I needed air, and she informs me that once the plane took off, I would get more air. After waiting 30 long minutes on the runway, the plane finally took off and a guy sitting next row saw the panic and my knees shaking, he attempted to help with the air vent. There were four empty seats in front of me and not once did either cabin staff attempt to accommodate nor ask me why I was crying. Meantime my husband tried to fix the air vent but to no avail. Also the low overhead was so inconvenient and with me crying, he tried to fan me with a magazine, so I know he was miserable as well. Next time i will spend the extra $100 bucks or more and fly with another airline."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Orlando return and will never fly American Airlines again. A horrendous experience! My family and I were taking our first family vacation in 20 years, as there are 9 of us, we booked our flight almost a year in advance to ensure that we would sit together, especially since my 2 year old niece would be coming as well and it was her first time flying. About a month before our trip we were told that all of our seats were changed and none of us could sit together. They had my 2 year old niece sitting in a seat alone. When we called to sort this out we encountered nothing but pure rudeness and constant transfers. After 4 hours (no exaggeration) on the phone trying to just change one seat so my niece wasn't alone, we were told there was nothing we could do and would have to try and change our seat at the airport, mere hours before we were supposed to take off and that nothing was guaranteed. We started out in Philly, flying to Orlando. The entire staff was rude, yelling at passengers as we tried to board the plane telling us that we had to check our carry on bags because there was no space left on the plane. After all the chaos, she was able to sit with her daughter and a nice man switched seats with her husband, so my niece was able to fly with both her parents by her side. Once we got on board there was plenty of room for additional carry ons, some overhead compartments were completely empty. We had a wonderful vacation and then on the flight back home we had the same issue. My entire family was spread throughout the plane and once again my 2 year old niece was booked in a seat alone. The staff on the flight coming home were much nicer and much more accommodating but it wasn't confirmed that my sister would be able to sit with her daughter until literally 1 minute before we boarded. As we were attempting to switch her seats we met several other families that had the same issues as we did. Countless children 7 and younger were seated alone and apart from their families. And AA didn't extend an apology nor an explanation as to why they needed to separate everyone. I will never fly this airline again. I'd much rather give my hard earned money to an airline that would accommodate my family and I. What a terrible experience."
"Verified Review | The two changes of aircraft to Memphis was not what we originally booked hence a very long tiring travel to holiday. The landing and take offs were excellent. The cabin crew did not look smart and tidy which was very disturbing especially with the females hair looking unruly, long and untidy and serving food. I was an air stewardess in my younger days and since travelled with a number of airlines with their cabin crew being smart and well presented. American Airlines female crew looked scruffy, nor all wearing same uniform. I was sad to see below standard stewardesses who represent the airline. We certainly had a loss of expectation from such a large airline."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Dallas Ft Worth, my flight departure time was 4:25pm but departed 6 hours later at about 10:30pm. We arrived the following day after 1200am! Never were we given an apology, or an explanation for the constant gate changes and updated departure times. We waited 4 hours before we boarded, after we finally board waited 1 hour, before we were informed that we had to deplane, and go through that same process again. No apologies, no sorry for your inconveniences - why waste time on apologies when AA aren’t legally entitled to compensation, only a refund of the ticket price you paid. The airline won’t cover any incidental costs either, such as the fare difference of having to book a more expensive flight on another airline or that you’ll now need to spend an extra night in a hotel, etc."
"Verified Review | I would like to write about my disappointment with American Airlines service this morning. We are a family of three including 13-year-old child booked a flight from Providence to Washington DC at 6:15 AM. At boarding time, American Airlines staff started offering $500 bonus for volunteers to give up their seats. We did not volunteer, but we were told that we had no seats on the flight. We were rescheduled for a much later flight in the afternoon and offered only $200 bonus. I will never fly American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Kansas City. This has been a terrible experience. I have been sitting on this plane in Dallas for 45 minutes. We have not moved. As a passenger, we are sitting here like a group of prisoners. Sun is shining, no excuses for this type of treatment. I will arrive more than an hour late, so my vacation is already off on the wrong foot. I planned everything perfect for my trip involving multiple families, but made one mistake. Relying on American Airlines to actually be effecient and get me to Kansas City on time. Now I have 15 people waiting at KC airport as we sit on a plane in TX."
"Verified Review | On Tuesday, April 4th 2017, I flew back home with American Airlines to Dallas Fort Worth Airport. My flight was scheduled to depart at 5.50 pm. At around 5.30, when it was time to board, they announced that the flight would be delayed because the First Officer was in Washington D.C. and his flight had not yet departed for LGA. Flight was delayed a half hour, later they came back saying that the plane had still not departed and it probably wouldn't be until much later. At around 7.00 pm, the pilot announced that the First Officer's flight had barely taken off and hopefully we could depart by 8 pm. We finally began boarding at around 7.30 pm and did not depart until almost 8.30 pm. I was supposed to land in DFW at 8.45 pm and did not land until past 11.00 pm. I reached out to AA hoping they could somehow fix this situation since it was not mechanical, operational or due to weather and the most I got was an apology. Unfortunately AA has been declining in punctuality and Customer service. It is no as longer reliable as it used to be. Very disappointing."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Atlanta with American Airlines. Well, after an hour delay to board and mediocre at best flight attendant service, we've now been sitting on the plane for 2 hours after having already landed because the disorganization of this company to move aircrafts from the terminals. Meanwhile, no food or even water has been offered while sitting here, which at this point and after a 5 hour flight, I would categorize as basic human goodness, let alone customer service. This is without a doubt the last time I will ever fly American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Denver via Dallas DFW with American Airlines. Flight was delayed 1 hour 20 minutes. Missed a shuttle to the ski resort. Upon arrival waited 1 hour 10 minutes for baggage to arrive at carousel. Missed another shuttle. While waiting, went to AA baggage claim office to inquire about thhe delay and was told by the attending AA representative that: \"I should go complain online because cause it ain't my fault\" Just another example of the great service you get for being loyal to an airline and achieving status. AA has been just terrible the last year."
"Verified Review | I had no choice but to fly American Airlines due to the fact that an organization purchased the ticket for me (otherwise I would have picked any other airline except AA based on prior experiences). Unbelievably rude and dismissive in-flight service: I got up to ask the flight attendant for water in the bathroom/mid-section area. She was bent down and shoveling trays inside a cabinet. There were other passengers standing around her - clearly waiting for her to finish. But not only did she not pay attention to any of us, but when I gently asked if I could just grab the water and pour it myself, she glared and almost shouted at me - \"Can you not see that I'm in the middle of something!\" Then she thrust the bottle into my hands and as I turned away she said, \"Hold up! Where do you think you are going with that bottle of water!\" Another passenger around us took some empty cups and passed to me as we poured each other water and did not want to get in the way of this flight attendant's anger. When it came time for sandwich/food service. This same flight attendant pulled the cart asking people \"sandwich? sandwich?\" When she came to my row (which is not far from the front), I used my most friendly voice to ask her could she tell me what kind of sandwich are were. To my surprise, she gave out a loud and exasperated sigh - turned to ask her colleague about the type of sandwich, turned to me and said, \"it's turkey, turkey!\" Then without asking me whether I wanted it or not - she threw the sandwich down on my tray table. I felt so insulted by this flight attendant. No more American Airlines for me, my family, or friends!"
"Unverified | My first and last time with American Airlines. Flew from Seattle to Fayetteville, Arkansas via Dallas Ft. Worth. Flight attendants were extremely unhelpful. Plane was 25 minutes late despite having been parked at the gate for 2+ hours prior to take off. Gate agent was late getting to the gate to let crew onto aircraft and get us boarded. 25 minutes late getting into DFW. No connecting flight information was given by flight crew. Our connecting flight boarding passes had the wrong gate listed. When we landed I asked an agent at the gate to call the gate of our connecting flight to let them know, she said she couldn't do that but told us we should hurry. My 75 year old father and I ran through the airport only to have the gate agent at our connecting flight litterally close the door in our face and tell us there was nothing she could do to get us on the plane. The next flight was 2 hours later, which made us late for our meeting. I am most disturbed by the lack of customer service and unhelpful nature of all the employees we encountered."
"Verified Review | American Airlines flight from Milwaukee to Chicago was showing as delayed by 35 minutes upon our arrival to airport. No problem as we had 1 x 2.5 hour layover for a connecting flight. However, time went on and the departure time kept getting extended for no reason given. We were instructed that the flight would still occur. When the flight showed a departure time of 9.51 (almost 2 hours past its original time - and keep in mind the flight is only a 45 minute flight from Milwaukee to Chicago), I went up to find out what was going on. Fortunately a pilot was there and told me that the 1st plane had mechanical issues and then another was sent for and it returned for mechanical issues and that they were looking for another plane. They were talking about getting a bus to send passengers to Chicago. Unfortunately, that would no longer be an option as it would take at least 2 hours to drive, park and get to gate - which means we would be missing our connecting flight. Why didn't someone make that decision sooner - or at least let us know as I could have driven to Chicago or got my own transportation. No communication. When a gate agent finally arrived, she said she could change our flight to get us to our destination, but it was not leaving until 4 pm (we had been at the airport since 6.20 am). So now we had to wait until 4 pm to leave and it was 10 am at that point. We were later given some food vouchers by a ticketing agent as the gate agent seemed to think that this was normal for AA and she agreed with us but there was nothing she could do. When we tried to use the vouchers - which states only good for food and beverages - at Nonna's restaurant, they refused to honor part of it as we had two drinks with our food and they stated that it did not include alcoholic beverages - which it does not state on the voucher anywhere. Again, more issues. We finally arrived at our destination over 7 hours late (which is big in a short 4 day vacation). The experience was terrible all around. So much so that we are looking at cancelling our Citi Advantage card and never flying AA again."
"Verified Review | My university booked 45 people on a flight from New York JFK to Santiago, Chile, with a layover in Miami. When we arrived at the airport (luckily with plenty of time), the kiosks could not process our confirmation code and many of us got error codes. Customer service slowly and painfully manually checked us all in and took our luggage. When returning from Santiago, we arrived at the airport ready to encounter the same issue. This time, the kiosks once again did not work, but the customer assistance agent would not let us all enter the line to get manually checked in. Instead, they roped off the entrance to the EMPTY line and \"had to talk to the manager first.\" We explained that there were 45 people under one reservation code and the kiosks would not check us in, but they were adamant about having each of us wait for the kiosk to give us an error code and then get in line for customer service. I explained that we would all miss our flight if all of us had to wait in line for a kiosk, error code, and then for customer assistance. After \"talking to the manager,\" the agent offered to check half of us in, not that this makes any sense because all 45 of us had a ticket number to board the same plane. Finally, after ignoring the agent and just entering the line, our bus driver came to argue with them as well to let the rest of the group through. The agents denied that 45 could possibly be under one confirmation code and have a group reservation (Why else would 45 people show up at the airport together?). Eventually, they let everyone through, did not find more agents to assist the line, and clearly had not communication amongst themselves. Luckily, everyone got through security in time for the flight, but I'm sure if some of us hadn't just ignored them all together, some would not have. The woman also printed my first boarding pass twice instead of printing my boarding pass for both legs of the trip, thank god the kiosk before security during my layover worked, or I would have missed my connecting flight since there were no attendees at the counter in Miami."
"Verified Review | Boston to New York JFK. A very unprofessional airline. If you don't want to be frustrated dont travel with American Airlines. Today 28 March I boarded on time to go to JFK and at the last minute they announced that the flight is cancelled. No reason. I was suposed to connect to an international flight from JFK but I missed it. They gave me a late flight via LGA instead of JFK. they didn pay for my hotel and worse still they even didn't apologise."
"Verified Review | I experience significant delays on most of my trips with American Airlines, and as a result only fly on it on the Philadelphia-Pittsburgh route where it has a monopoly or if its ticket price is significantly cheaper than the alternatives. Most recently, this airline had a 3-hour delay on the Philadelphia-Pittsburgh route, on which it charges fares comparable to many intercontinental routes, with no concessions and only a curt verbal apology. The airplane itself was in bad condition, with grating squeaking in many of the armrests. I would not fly it on any routes where there is a choice."
"Verified Review | Miami to Orlando. From the boarding to the customer service and service in general is terrible. The new machines they have to get your boarding passes was not working. Once I rushed out of one American airline flight to get to my connecting flight was delayed by 3 hours mind you I'm trying to rush to not miss it. I arrive to the gate they say they are delayed because the staff is overworked and they are waiting on new staff, which to me is ridiculous and makes no sense. Once almost 4 hours passed they call us to board the plane, a rude lady was giving everyone attitude and was upset for whatever reason and did not want to answer questions. So now at this moment we are on the airplane waiting to depart and waiting on the runway for 30 mins - at this point we are delayed by 4.5 hours for a flight that only takes 30 Mins. And to top it off they made a mistake with the number of passengers and paper work so here goes an extra 30 mins. I do not recommend this airline whatsoever."
"Verified Review | Miami to Santo Domingo. Every time I fly with American Airlines, i feel there is something that frustrates me. This time, they asked me to check a bag when clearly it could have fit. They wanted to argue with me saying it wouldn't and when I got on the plane there were bags larger then mine. I was just in a smaller plane before and travel all the time with my bag and it always fits in the overhead. Last time I flew with American in January, the plane never showed up and I had to wait in the airport from my original destination for 7 hours. I missed my next flight and american did nothing to help me except for giving me food vouchers that covers nothing in an airport. I had to get a hotel in the airport and spend an extra 145$. I find myself more and more disappointed with American Airlines every time I fly."
"Unverified | My wife and were traveling to the Falkland islands and for the most part American Airlines had the best itinerary. The outward trip was nice on the 737 to Miami, then things changed. Miami to Santiago on an antiquated interior on a 777, flight staff not even cracking a smile, the worst airline food I ever had. Return journey, same only the food was a little better. Miami to Chicago, this 767 still had ashtrays in the arm rests plus a grubby interior, I did not feel safe on this aircraft. You need to update your fleet and improve the cosmetic maintenance of your aircraft and do something to make your staff happy, great is certainly not where you are headed!"
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Orlando Melbourne. It's so great that on my flight I was seated next to a man that took up his entire seat and half of mine. It's also fun that I physically couldn't put the seat divider between him and myself because he took up two seats and was sitting on top of me the whole flight, while I practically sit in the aisle way. My favorite part though has to be how I paid money to be extremely uncomfortable, to have the flight attendants do nothing, and for customer service to tell me they basically don't care."
"Verified Review | Paris to Oklahoma City via Dallas DFW with American Airlines. Like other reviews I've read, they have failed to explain that our flight is delayed till far after the departure time which is frustrating. This is my last flight home and it is delayed about 3 hours. My whole trip I've experienced a snappy crew making rude comments to myself and other customers. Very disappointed."
"Verified Review | I bought the ticket at 7.45pm for a 8.55 pm flight directly at the airport to fly from New York JFK to Boston. The agent did not mentioned any late departure and a couple of minutes later I saw that the incoming flight from Boston was late, however, it was not until 30 mins later that they announced that the outgoing flight was late. It seems like they were retaining from announcing that the flight was late in order to maximize sales. I have flown American Airlines a couple of times recently and the company is as bad as other American airline companies. They all try to over utilize their planes in order to maximize their profits but the customer experience is becoming so terrible!"
"Verified Review | St. Louis to Chicago. I’m completely devastated. My husband and I have been married for three years, but we never had a honeymoon. So we saved up our money to decide where we would go within the next five years. He had to have major surgery, so we scheduled for this year. He’s never flown before and was excited and anxious. We made a reservation with Carnival Cruise to coincide with our anniversary but before his surgery, because life is short. Everything was fine as we filled up our Expedition for the two hour drive to Lambert Airport. We found parking and got on the park shuttle. I knew a little bit from prior experience, but my husband was worried and nervous. The first thing out of place I noticed was when we were at the gate waiting to board. The captain and crew got on about ten minutes before we were called to board. There was a request for anyone with a carryon with wheels to check them at the desk due to a full plane. As we boarded I noticed the captain laughing and holding a conversation with two flight attendants already aboard. Then the problems started. It took a while because the flight attendants were trying to find space overhead for everyone’s carry-ons (we didn’t have any.) The captain taxied off, then stopped. He told us we had to wait awhile for the plane to be de-iced. (That took 50 minutes.) He taxied again and went around three times. Finally, he told us that his compass wasn’t aligned and he needed to have maintenance take a look at it. But, there was no gate available, so we would have to wait until one opened for him to dock. (That took another 30 minutes.) During this wait, one of the female flight attendants told us to call or go online to rebook if we had connecting flights out of Chicago. I called immediately and was told by a representative she could not rebook us while we were still on the plane. I explained that we needed to catch our connecting flight from Chicago at 8:30am and if we missed it we would miss our cruise. Absolutely no sympathy given. Finally we docked. After 30 more minutes of uncertainty, the captain told us the plane is being put out of service. I called the cruise line for help to get to our port in Miami, while my husband called American Airlines to see what can be done. We got off the plane and was told little to no info. We asked where our luggage would be and told it would be held until we had another flight. The rep found us another flight, but it would make it there after the cruise had already departed. Mind you, one flight had already boarded and ready to leave at 7:19am. Too bad we were stuck on the tarmac. The cruise line couldn’t find a plane for us because all flights were booked and full. We made several phone calls trying to salvage our delayed honeymoon to no avail. Finally, we accepted defeat and requested a refund and looked for our luggage. This turned into another time consuming ordeal. We drove back home dejected. It was a very quiet two hour drive. We had a million questions and no answers. I called the cruise line as soon as we got home to see if we could book another one. I found one sailing 3/16/17 after working with a remarkable woman. Unfortunately, there were no flights available. I accepted defeat once again and was given options that made it worse. I couldn't add the rest of the letter I sent them both."
"Unverified | I have had the worst experience flying American Airlines. My flight was on 3/10/17 from Madison to Chicago with a connecting flight from Chicago to Dayton. My flight from Madison was at 2.56 pm, then it was delayed to 4.30, then to 6 and to 7 and 7.30. After I arrived to Chicago my flight to Dayton was cancelled due to no crew. The person who helped me with rebooking told me that I have an option to buy another ticket. This made me furious, what should I buy another ticked for a cancelled flight? He rebooked a flight from Chicago to Philadelphia and from Philadelphia to Dayton. He gave me a voucher for food which was not enough and had to pay extra money out of my pocket. The hotel was in Schaumburg and had to take a taxi back to the airport at 2.30 am as the shuttle did not start until 6 am. It cost me $75 for the taxi. I will never fly with American Airlines. It was a nightmare experience."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Atlanta. I have to say, I haven't flown American Airlines in over 20 years. I found a great ticket price and thought the drive to Cincinatti was worth the hundred dollars I saved however, the experience is one I will never forget. The best I can say is you get what you pay for. Although the inflight service was excellent in the old planes and the flight attendants were warm and grand, the check-in counter people are subpar and definitely not worth the hassle of traveling with the company. I have chosen to just pay the extra dollars, plan ahead of time, and never fly with American Airlines again. The online response team gets back to you quickly with a response. However, the experience of the check-in counter people is amazing to me. They are slow. Which in my observation is not a ticket counter issue but a archaic technology issue. For sure you need to get to the airport 1.5 hours early because simply checking in takes 15-20 minutes per person. I didn't see anyone come to the front and get thru their process swiftly. As management chooses to assist who they want to assist with great customer service, I can truly say you should choose a different company if you want quality."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Denver to Liberia via Miami. I had eight people on a flight for my wedding to Costa Rica through Miami. They boarded the plane 15 minutes early (of course we were delayed taking off for 45 minutes) so when we arrived at the designated boarding time the agent informs us our carry on bags will have to be checked. When I say that's fine but ask if anything can be done about the wedding dress she immediately becomes rude saying we should have been there on time. Apparently we should have known they were boarding early. She demands the boarding passes if we want to make the flight at all. As I am trying to get all 8 separated from the connecting flight boarding passes she threatens to keep me off the plane \"if I throw one more boarding pass at her\". I was sliding them off the stack of paper I was holding onto the counter. None touched her or even went to the edge. She comes around the counter to tag our bags telling me I would have had to check mine anyway. I responded that I've never had any problem with it as a carry on in 5 years with numerous airlines. She pointed to the expander zippers being opened as her rationale. I took the boarding passes from her and she said that she could keep me off the plane until I cooled down and that she was going to tell the pilot about me. I did not raise my voice, curse, or even argue at any point throughout this encounter. I said nothing and boarded the flight as I needed to get to my wedding. Once onboard there were at least 5 overhead compartments with room for the dress. Begging the flight attendants did absolutely nothing and they closed the half full compartments. After talking to several other people apparently we were no the only people treated poorly by the desk agent. However, repeated attempts to file a complaint with American have resulted in nothing more than a complete brush off."
"Verified Review | Flight from New York to Phoenix was more than an hour late due to technical problems and I missed my connecting flight to Ontario. They rebooked me and made me wait for more than 6 hours here in Phoenix. Left to wonder why the airline maintenance in New York didn't recognize the problem ahead of time and why they noticed this just a few minutes before the actual departure when the plane had been parked there for a while. This caused 6 hours of chaos. First and last time with this airline."
"Verified Review | The worst customer service from American Airlines flying from New Orleans to Dallas. These people have no respect for the passengers. There is no one to talk to. They checked in my husband's and my carry-on bags at the gate due to the limited space in the cabin (even though each of us had one personal item and small carry on) they promised that they would return us the baggage in Dallas as we had to stay over night because of the connection. We arrived but the baggage wasn't there. They sent us from Terminsl C to Terminal D to receive the baggage. Arriving at the baggage claim area, there was a staff member who wasn't willing to help at all. He was calling some customer service counter where nobody was available pretending that he was doing something. As I was furious, we asked for a supervisor, then he called someone else, again we had to repeat the story. Anyway, after 4 hours of waiting in the airport we received our bag and could finally leave to the hotel to get some rest. In the morning, went back to the airport for the next flight, asked for a supervisor. The lady wasn't even willing to talk to us. She was looking around as we were complaining and stopped us saying you only talk about \"negatives\" I can't do anything about it. There was 3 other people with different problems over there. Awful service! Last time travelling with them."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Myrtle Beach with American Airlines. I'm very dissatisfied with the wait for boarding and when finally on the plane, the seats are crammed in like a sardine can. It's very disappointing that AA over charges for flights then put us on dated aircraft. It's impossible to be comfortable sitting on top of one another. AA is going up there with Spirit and Frontier of the airlines I won't fly with any longer."
"Verified Review | Auckland to Los Angeles. Horrible Experience. Rude flight attendants, cramped space and very uncomfortable seats. We had more leg room in our much shorter connecting flight from LA to Seattle with Alaska Airlines. Our flight from Auckland to LA was a pitiful excuse for an international flight. I would rather fly 14 hours with Qantas via their connections rather than sit through 12 hour with American Airlines. My husband and I swore off American Airlines before our plane even left the ground. I can't believe this airline is still in business."
"Verified Review | Houston to Puerto Vallarta via Dallas. This will be the last time I fly on any American Airlines flight. From the moment I was in line at Houston IAH to head to my destination, to my return to Houston, the people that represent AA lacked customer service skills. The officer reviewing passports at IAH was extremely rude and sarcastic to every person that went through her line. She talked down to paying passengers with no provocation from them. She was making it clear to passengers that she had been there since 2:30 am. Perhaps she needs to find another position more suited to her so that she does not take out her displeasure with her work schedule on paying and unsuspecting passengers. On my return flight, my bag did not arrive on the same plane as I had. It was delivered the next day. At home when I opened my suitcase, I noticed that I was missing a bag of clothes. I called AA lost/missing baggage department and yet again, the agent was rude and lacked customer skills."
"Verified Review | I purchased a flight from American Airlines from San José SJO to Washington with an 18 hour layover in Dallas, thinking that missing a day of work would be worth the money I saved in ticket prices. We were charged to recheck our luggage in Dallas before being allowed to board our flight to Houston, even though this policy is listed nowhere on the AA website or in any of the emails I received from them, not even in the fine print. We were basically extorted $65 with no alternative option other than to leave our professional equipment behind or lose our seats on the non-refundable flight. This was such a blatant scam, I am honestly appalled that something like this can even happen. Also, good luck ever getting ahold of a human being - we called customer service and they wouldn't even talk to us. We had to express all of our concerns over email. Neither of us or our families will ever fly with American again no matter how much money we will have to pay to any other airlines."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Seattle. On the way out, searched by TSA as American is the only airline to routinely offer its passengers the optional additional screening at the gate. Optional to them, not to us surrounded by a dozen TSA agents. Not greeted by an attendant during boarding. Sat about 45 minutes after landing while they figured out where to park. Then had to wait to board connecting flight for another attendant to show up. On the way back, had to wait in the plane as apparently no one told the ramp operator that we were there. Again, no greeting by attendant."
"Verified Review | New York La Guardia to Nashville. The worst customer service experienced. Made me check my carry on bag (that I've never had an issue with in the past) after I had already stood in the security line for 20 minutes. Then once I boarded the flight, we sat on the plane for an hour before take off. I do not understand how this airline is still up and running. I always experience major delays and horrible service."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Phoenix. We arrive at the airport to check our bags and spending 10 minutes going back in forth between the electronic bag check in and the human attendant we learned that we could no longer catch our flight because of a 45 minute bag check rule. If the attendant would have just helped us we wouldn't have been forced to stay a night and get placed on stand by. To top it off she was rude as hell towards us. They are in customer service, with one job, to serve customers. The next day experience was just as bad from check in to the smug pilot at the gate. Get with it AA or get out. This was a great reminder why we typically avoid this airline."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Chicago to Cancun. No inflight WiFi. No seat back TVs. The usual limited poor selection of food which fortunately we could avoid as managed to grab a quick bite in transit at ORD before boarding. Only redeeming features were the fact that the flight left and arrived early, the plane was not full (seems most American airlines fly the smallest planes possible with maximum capacity. Smart business perhaps but does little for comfort) and one of the FA's was friendly, polite and unusually interested in the passengers. Other than that, it was hard to imagine it was an international flight."
"Verified Review | Boarding announcements were hard to understand so a bit chaotic. Packed in like sardines. No entertainment. No onboard WiFi. Usual limited poor food options. Fortunately flight was less than 3hrs which was just about bearable. Fortunately arrived on time but then had to experience a nightmare transiting through DFW to a domestic flight. Just glad I don't have to fly for my job very often. On this flight, can not recommend American and have only done so previously based on the fact you have to fly someone. Depressing experience."
"Verified Review | Albany to San Juan via Philadelphia. I am business owner, and if I ran my business like American Airlines I certainly would not last long. I was going to a business conference - however the company hosting the conference canceled because of the Zika virus outbreak. I called American Airlines, they said I couldn't get a refund, but I could apply this money to a different trip. Fair enough. Forward six month later and apparently they have no record of my credit to put towards another flight. I then go and book my new flight and put a complaint in that I couldn't use my credit. I get a call back and the next day and they now said I could, and that the only way I could apply this partial credit would be to cancel my current flight, wait 14 days for the reimbursement, then call them back to schedule another flight with this credit applied. Seriously, why couldn't you just apply to the flight I already booked that day, instead of having me jump through hoops. No thanks, I travel enough to where I will just pick another airline - don't care about paying more, its the principle of the matter. Goodbye American Airlines, you are not the only option."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Dallas Ft Worth. Great service from flight crew but horrible experience! First plane broke down in DFW, second plane landed late in Phoenix and there was a problem with getting the ramp all the way to the plane so we just hung out on the plane a long time. Flight back wasn't there, booked with a cheap website turns out it booked for March 26 rather than February 26 my bad, but ticket counter staff didn't know to work the computer well even with help. I finally looked up American online and called higher up and got an ok price back home."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Montreal. Worst service ever and gate keepers were rude, non professional. I was close to make it for my original departure 7:30, had arrived prior departure minimum requested, they closed the door right when I had arrived. Even if I had received an email saying it was delayed 7:45! All the staff jumped on me giving me attitude, looked like they wanted me to be punished as if I had done a crime, snapping their finders and moving their heads like we imagine these people when angry. I was left alone and nobody told me what to do at this point leaving me speechless and vulnerable, this was only beginning of a nightmare. A manager of restaurant, not the airline, took care of me. Brought me to Customer service booth were they offered to rebook me next day. I then spent the night at the airport. As I explained to them my concern of beeing left alone for a full 24hr in an airport they said they would accomodate me: they gave me a voucher of a pitty hotel smelling cigarette, 12$us for next 24hrs. I ended up booking a night at Marriott to my own charge and all food until next flight since they give nothing on the planes. When I finally got back home, luggage haven't followed. I'll receive them 2 days after. Never again will I fly with this poor customer service company!"
"Verified Review | Greenville to Denver via Charlotte. First leg was delayed. Second leg the plane broke down so we couldn't board. They told us they were \"trying to find another plane\". At this point I'm concerned. Told us later they'd had ongoing trouble with first plane, but had only now decided to pull it for maintenance. While they searched for a plane I chatted with another customer who flies AA several times a month, she informed me it's actually rare when a flight they've sold tickets for is not missing either the plane or the flight crew, and that AA is always understaffed. They finally get us boarded, but we're severely delayed. We arrive at Denver, and find out that another delayed AA flight is parked at our gate and DEN doesn't have a spare gate to give to an airline that can't get any of its flights in and out on time. We end up sitting on the tarmac for 30-45 minutes waiting for the other plane to leave. End up getting off the plane an hour and a half late. They also apparently didn't update the status of the plane on the web, because my ride checked the delay time before coming to get me, and still had to sit around for an hour. Overall terrible service, would not recommend to anyone!"
"Unverified | Miami to Toronto. Poor service. On the flight from Toronto to Miami we were delayed 2 hours. Then leaving Miami back to Toronto I had a departure time of 12:36 and the ticket said 2:18, I went to the flight desk to question and the women grabbed my ticket out of my hand circled the time and said to me \"what don't you understand we don't have time for you\" extremely rude and dismissive. All around a bad experience and will not be flying with American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Kansas City. American Airlines has typically been a pretty decent choice for me, I've used them a number of times in the last several years. Despite this I had never been made aware of their cancellation policies. My friends and I had a trip planned this May (2017) and as things go we had to change the plan. When I called to have my tickets cancelled, I was made aware I would be refunded nothing, despite booking and cancelling the flights almost 3 months in advance. Thus I spent over 300 dollars for literally nothing. This is outrageous and unethical, and American Airlines must advertise themselves more faithfully. In the future I'm going to be far more wary of AA than I have been so that I'm not burned like this again. Cannot fully recommend them anymore until their booking policies are rendered more appropriately."
"Unverified | Eagle County to New York JFK. Flight 1163 scheduled departure 21 February at 9am. In airport overnight. Ready for takeoff and detected defect in an anti skid device. Despite availability of three major airports within 1 hr, we had to wait for a part to be sent from LAX. Incomplete part arrived at 1pm. Flight plan changed to 8:45 pm on a return on a flight pending from JFK to EGE. Notices in airport and by American Airlines APP notice continuously inconsistent resulting in inability to select an option. Of course we had plans for next two days destroyed. Systems and management completely incompetent and apathetic. One wonders why a checkout and debriefing are not done when plane arrives rather that just before takeoff. Ignorance is bliss. This type of management is not exemplary."
"Verified Review | Punta Cana to Sacramento. At first I was going to give a really bad review because our flight from Sacramento to Miami had the absolute worst service ever, the flight attendants were rude, ignored you etc. But we are returning from Punta Cana with a layover in Charlotte and that was such good service. Everyone was nice and made sure you enjoyed your flight. So all I can say is it's hit or miss - they aren't all bad. I wish I knew the names of the flight attendants but if your flying from Punta Cana and stop in Charlotte they have excellent service. So I will give them a 5/10"
"Verified Review | Unreliable. I was scheduled to fly from Tuscon, AZ with a final destination to Fairbanks, AK. Due to several fight delays, I missed every single one of my connecting flights putting me into my final destination the following day. I explained to the counter and customer service reps that I was active duty, and needed to arrive the same day. There was nothing AA could do. Now I'm flying out on a delayed flight to sit another 3 hrs in an airport that still won't allow me to make my connecting flight to Fairbanks, AK. American Airlines has zero flexibility. Highly disappointed, will be flying Delta for those tight schedules from now on."
"Verified Review | Denver to London via Chicago. Third long haul and third massive delay on the return. American Airlines is not only budget but also can't ever seem to run on time or manage decent connection. Thank you again for wasting yet another day of mine. Little apology, little solutions and just another disaster. Don't fly with these guys."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Cancun. I had booked a flight with American Airlines and the flight ended being changed to later times. I was on my way to my honeymoon with my wife and we had previously reserved seats for them to be together. After realizing that these time changes were huge inconviences their customer service refused to allow for us to schedule our seats together and insisted we needed to pay a 100$ fee in order to get two seats together. Due to the change, the fact that there were already seats scheduled to be together on the previous flight, and the fact that we were taking their airline to Dublin, Ireland once we got back and they still did not budge proves that they do not care about their customers. For those who are not flying on their business credit card sure seem to be worthless in their corporate eyes. I could not be more disappointed with their customer service department or lack of its existence. This experience has definitely led me to start doing more research on airlines that I travel on. I will not being using this airline in the future due to their lack of empathy for others traveling situations with no care for the customers' concerns in mind."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Piedmont Triad Airport to Las Vegas via Charlotte. I was shocked at how the interior of the plane was in such a poor condition. On the top of the seats it looked like they were coming apart and the plane was dirty too. The flights were on time and the staff were acceptable. I fly American because they are the most convenient to use and that is the only reason. I recommended this airline because they are not any different than the other airlines flying in the USA that I have been on."
"Unverified | I was flying with LATAM from Lima, Peru. When I arrived in New York, American Airlines failed to tell me my flight to Toronto was cancelled. I spent 15 hrs waiting around for another flight, only to find out I was to be at another airport to catch my next flight. I then arrived in Washington, we boarded the plane, sat there for 30min then they made us go back to the gate because the flight was cancelled. They never updated the board or contacted me to let me know that apparently, to the American Airline customer service that the flight left around 5pm. I was told there were no flights to Toronto till tomorrow, I was never asked if I wanted to be put on standby after spending 24hrs without sleep and staying in airports. At 9pm I saw there was a flight to Toronto asked to be put on it, there were 3 empty seats! Meanwhile, they booked me for a flight the next day at 2pm. This airline does not about their passengers. LATAM put me up in a hotel for the night because I had no where to go."
"Verified Review | I flew from London to Miami via British Airways which was a superb flight. Then I had a connection from Miami to Montevideo using American Airlines. The difference between these 2 experiences was staggering. When I finally cleared imigration in Miami (although I was in transit) which took over 2 hours I went to the business class lounge the staff were pleasant and the lounge not too bad but the food was minimal and not up to business class standard and I was given a voucher for 2 drinks. I use lounges all over the world and this is the first one I have ever used that expected you to pay for your drinks. I don't think American Airlines have any idea what business class passengers expect and I doubt if they care. We then went to the gate although they don't give you any information when you should go. When we arrived at the gate we had our boarding passes that had been issued in London (I was travelling with my brother) I went through fine but they stopped my brother and told him they had changed his seat. I asked the incompetent at the gate why? No apology in any form I was just told it was nothing to do with him and he couldn't do anything. I asked for the purser once on board and these 2 women turned up one was the purser and one was ground crew when we explained that we were not happy that this had happened they again gave no apology and said they it wasn't to do with them and what did they expect me to do throw people out of their seats? (ironic as this is just what they did to us). When we pointed out that there was something wrong with a system that allowed this to happen the purser got defensive and threatened to have us thrown off the aircraft. Just bullying us. All the time this was happening this was stood up in front of all the passengers a very unpleasant experience and dreadful customer service. The plane was tired, narrow seats that when you tried to lie down you felt that you were in a coffin, no built in entertainment centre, I didn't eat dinner but had breakfast which was appalling. All the crew were wearing different clothes so they had no attention to detail and no uniform in the true sense of the word.This is the worst airline I have ever flown. I am now 60 and I have being flying since I was 7. American Airlines do not understand in any way what Business class passengers require."
"Unverified | Philadelphia to San Francisco. My flight was delayed in Philadelphia for an hour, which caused me to missed my connecting flight in San Francisco to Sydney. After contacting American Airlines before touchdown in San Francisco, I was informed that they would put me up in a hotel and my flight would be changed to the next night. When I arrived at the terminal in San Francisco, I went to the American Airline desk and asked who I could talk to about my accommodation due to my missed flight. The first thing the women, who ended up being a supervisor, said to me was \"Well what time is your flight?\" I responded and told her that my flight to Sydney was supposed to depart at 11:25 pm -- her response, \"Well, it's only 10:50\". From there on I was in complete shock, what kind of response is that? I felt as though she was making assumptions about what I knew/ did not know before even asking me my name or flight number. I explained to her that I was already booked on another flight for the next night and for anyone who has flown internationally, as well as ever been to the San Francisco airport, knows it would be impossible for me to have made that flight (I was also already told prior to landing that they would not hold my flight to Sydney and there was nothing they could do except accommodate me). She then proceeded to tell me there was nothing she could do because the delay was due to the weather and not mechanics which sounds ridiculous to me. Not once did she ask me my name, my flight or anything. She was very inconsiderate and made me feel like this problem was my fault and it was not her's to deal with. She handed me a slip with an 800 number that I could call for a hotel. My main issues with the situation above were that from the start there were inconsistencies with their accommodations and what their employees are told. No one should have told me I would have been put up in a hotel if that was untrue. Second, was that this woman could not have cared less about a paying customer. American Airlines, you could not have put me up in a hotel for ~$100 when I paid over $1000 to fly with you? I hopefully will never have to fly with American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Lihue.The personnel working for this company are rude and disorganized The person at the gate even lied about the seat configuration. She stated that the 75.00 upgraded seat did not have more legroom, that we paid extra for the seat to sit closer to the front! Then once on the plane the attendant start allowing bystanders to pick open seats - there were economy seats that should have been used up first. To make matters worse I was still not able to be seated next to my wife. We fly often and it was so bad that I wrote my first negative review."
"Unverified | After a wonderful 9 days on St John USVI we left our villa and headed for the St. Thomas Airport. The car ferry from St. John to St. Thomas took forever because of local employees wanting to chat rather than work then we hit downtown traffic delays due to a cruise ship docking. We made it to the airport 1 hour 15 minutes prior to our flight departure. Upon arriving at the check in desk we were not allowed to print our boarding passes. There were 4 women working the desk and we were informed we were too late to check in. After explaining our delays beyond our control they still refused our check in. I was referred to a \"supervisor\". After explaining our situation once again, she completely ignored me. I asked repeatedly for her help in at least letting us try to make our flight and I was met with disrespect, dirty looks, angry gestures and nasty comments from all of them. I waited until arriving home to cool down before informing American Airlines of the horrible treatment and the attitude of these employees who clearly did not give a damn about me or anyone else. Their response to me from corporate was to send me a link to their \"check in policy\". This airline is not going to care how you are treated and will not address your concerns in a way to make things right."
"Verified Review | Tokyo to Boston via Chicago. I have never complained about an aircraft or airline before this American Airlines trip. I flew out with Japan airlines from Boston to Bangkok with a stop in Tokyo, then back to Tokyo after vacation 3 weeks later. They offered a comfortable aircraft for a long haul, beautiful and attentive staff, and good food. I then took these American Airlines flights. A new Boeing 787 - it was like going on a cross country trip in a subcompact car. I'm 6' tall 215 lbs, I'm a larger man but hardly a giant. The seats were hard and narrow. I had an aisle seat and every time the crew moved past me they hit my (recently surgically repaired) shoulder. I promise I wasn't sticking it out in the aisle. There was no one in the middle seat so my left leg got a break but my right knee (with the seat reclined, which is essential) was jammed into the armrest in front of me. This aircraft with these seats should not be flying 11 hour routes. Not to mention the tired, older staff (maybe they didn't see my shoulder?). Lousy food and service. I'm done with American Airlines and their AA rewards scam. I have flown internationally only a few times but this experience definitely stood out."
"Verified Review | I am basically aghast at the treatment we received. Travel is difficult for me because of multiple back surgeries so I purchase first-class tickets for long flights. This itinerary was Phoenix to Medellin return via Miami. On the segment from Miami to Medellin there are only two rows of first-class seats. In order to squeeze in another coach row, American put in a divider between first class and coach immediately behind the second row of first class seats. Thus, both on the segment from Miami to Medellin and Medellin to Miami our 1st class purchased seats would not and could not recline. The stewardesses basically begged us to write a letter to American about this. On the tarmac in Miami we heard rumblings about not enough room for the luggage. When we arrived in Medellin, our first class priority tag luggage was not on the plane. Nor was the luggage for at least 20% of the plane. There had not been room in the luggage hold, which I assume means they took on cargo in preference to passengers' luggage who were flying on that plane. Since there is only one flight a day American would not get our luggage to Medellin until 9:30 PM the following night. They would not deliver our luggage to us at night. Thus, in order to catch our internal connection at 5:30 AM the following morning we had to drive approximately one hour each way. We arrived at 9:30 PM and were kept waiting in the hall until 10:30 PM as they would not give us our luggage until all the passengers on the flight just landed had disembarked and claim their luggage. I contacted American Airlines. They never formally accepted responsibility nor took me seriously. The compensation they offered, I assume to get us off their back, was significantly less than you would offer a traveler who was bumped. This is in spite of the fact that we have been very frequent users of American Airlines and had their credit card for over 30 years. This was an amazing experience at alienating loyal customers. Our entire family will not use American in the future if at all humanly possible."
"Unverified | In carefully reviewing my options to return from Mexico City, I specifically chose a flight on American Airlines that would arrive in the evening at 7:07pm, even though the cost of the ticket was $30 more for two reasons: I didn't want to be in the airport at midnight and #2 I felt that this airline was a more reliable airline than the smaller less well-known airline options. On the day of my flight, January 26, 2016 I received a couple of e-mails letting me know that my flight had been delayed, first by approximately an hour and then by 1 1/2 hours. I was advised, however, to arrive at the normal time because the airline was doing everything possible so that the flight would depart at the regularly scheduled time of 4:40pm. When I arrived at the airport, no one was able to find my reservation and I realized that my flight had been cancelled altogether. I had to find an alternate flight. I ended up on an alternate flight with a different airline, arriving in LAX at 11:30pm, exactly what I had attempted to avoid. I ended up paying the higher price without the convenience of decent flying times. Next time I will go for a cheaper, smaller airline. At least if it is postponed or cancelled, I won't be paying the higher price for a benefit that I never receive. I was surprised and disappointed at this unexpected occurrence. I don't have a boarding pass to show for the airline I am reviewing because obviously I ultimately flew on a different airline. I am basically rating the inconvenience that their last minute change had on my schedule, the cost and the number of hours wasted in the airport looking for a resolution to the problem."
"Verified Review | Harrisburg to Colorado Springs via Chicago / Dallas and Denver with American Airlines. Where do I begin? I originally had to switch planes twice but this ended up being 3 times. The plane from Harrisburg to Chicago was tiny and very loud but the flight was short. Internet services are available for a price. The second flight I was sent to the wrong gate and needless to say I missed my flight. I was rebooked and sent to Dallas. Once in Dallas I missed the connecting flight to Colorado Springs so I was left with a decision to stay overnight and pay for a hotel or fly to Denver at a later time. I chose Denver only to be sent to the wrong gate again. Never again"
"Verified Review | I flew from London Heathrow to Chicago Illinois this January 2017. I was pregnant and very tired from the previous flight. My seat was right in the middle of middle row. I was experiencing very bad nausea and vomiting at that time so I asked one of flight attendant to change my seat to the side so I wouldn't have to bother the person sitting next to me to get up over and over again. There were 3 seats empty behind us. I asked her if I could sit there, it was closest to the bathroom too. She said no, even though those are empty seats, you're not allowed to sit there. So pretty much they'd rather leave those empty than give it to a pregnant woman. Nice job American. She told me once everyone was seated, she would find me a side seat closest to the bathroom. I said ok. So I waited and she came back and told me there are two seats available and were closest to the bathroom. I moved there and there was 1 person sitting at the other end. Luckily, he moved with his friend and I got 3 seats to myself. Being tired and fatigued, I pretty much slept throughout the whole flight. I missed the dinner. When I woke up, one of the flight attendant noticed that I was one of the passengers who hadn't eaten, however she did not care to ask if I wanted anything. I got a glass of water and went to sleep again. When I woke up, I went to the bathroom and when I came back I asked the flight attendant if I could have a food tray, she gave me a very rude look and left. She came back after 15 minutes with the tray. I will not recommend or fly with American Airlines again. Our captain made an announcement that the in-flight entertainment system was out so we had no entertainment while flying from London to Chicago which was a 9 hour and 35 minute flight. Their seats were so congested. Comfort level was below 0. So goodbye American Airlines, you will not be missed!"
"Verified Review | First flight to Newark cancelled due to weather conditions. 3hr delay in ORD. No voucher issued for refreshment. Re-routed to LGA which fortunately didn't make a great deal of difference. Delayed approaching LGA due to winds/traffic. Pilot announced that we would be landing in 10 mins. 30 mins later still in the air bouncing around in cloud and no further announcement which caused some concerns for passengers. Another announcement would have avoided stress."
"Unverified | Miami to London Heathrow. We paid a lot of extra money for a main cabin extra seat which was not worth the effort as the seats are so narrow your elbows keep touching the other passenger. Also the dining tray is too narrow to balance the tray on as our seat was behind the bulkhead. The two meals we were offered were abysmal, the main was chicken and rice which was covered in some sort of sauce which nobody seemed to eat. A bottle of water was given out with the meal and that was the last we saw of the cabin staff until they brought round breakfast after about 7ish hours. What a disappointment - it was a yoghurt, two packets of some kind of dried crumbs and a flat dry cake type thing. None of this was appetising and was all left except the yoghurt. A warm cup of tea finished the whole thing off."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Belize via Dallas. First class? First Priority? American Airlines is the worst airline ever. It took me 4 years to fly with this airline again and yet again they disappoint in every step of the way. I was yelled at when I was checking in my bags and told I could only have 2 check-in free, when clearly online and the kiosk stated I had 3 free for my destination. I am now stuck in my hotel with no clothes because they decided to take both bags off the plane in Dallas where my connecting flight was. I am in Belize for a wedding and no bags as yet. Horrible service on the phone when I called, they also gave me a website for customer relations that doesn't exist. If you want to enjoy your trip, avoid American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Kahului to Cleveland via Dallas Ft Worth. Terrible experience, stay away! My family and I had our flight home from Maui cancelled due to mechanical error/crew rest. This was only communicated to us after we were at the airport and were given several updates of the flight status. The American Airlines manager falsely secured hotel rooms at a local hotel that had no availability. He issued taxi vouchers to the hotel and when the taxi company found out that he was sending people to the hotel that had no vacancies, they communicated this to rest of the stranded passengers trying to find lodging. The manager would not even come down to baggage claim to address the situation with everyone who was trying to find lodging for the night. I was finally able to find lodging at a nearby Marriott and only due to my platinum status were they able to find me a room. My family and I finally arrived at our hotel at 2am and were exhausted and stressed out to no end. I was able to work with my travel agent and have American Airlines get us on a United flight the next day which was amazing. The American Airlines plane that we flew on from Dallas to Honolulu was very antiquated and did not have screens or USBs compared to the state of the art plane that we flew on with United to Chicago. Upon my return I was instructed to contact American Airlines customer service for reimbursement for our hotel, taxi, meals etc. Some of the AA customer service were very helpful, but the last representative would not allow me to speak with a supervisor or have a supervisor contact me to discuss complete reimbursement for my hotel. She told me that I would have to accept AA's contracted rate for a hotel regardless of my situation and stated that they offered my family $200 vouchers to use on a future AA flight. I told her that vouchers do not compensate me for expenses incurred by a hotel that I was required to secure due to their flight cancellation. All I can say is the cancellation is one thing, how they handled the cancellation is another story and the reimbursement for insult and injury is truly another chapter. Suffice to say for a difference of $300 which is what it would have required to compensate me completely, they have not only lost 4 customers, they have potentially lost many more after I share my experience. Do yourself a favor and use another airline for your travel as I would hate for another family to experience such a terrible ending to an amazing family vacation"
"Verified Review | Salisbury to Nassau, Bahamas via Philadelphia. I am truly disappointed that despite being at my connecting flight, 10 minutes before the official departure time that I was told that my flight to Nassau had already departed. My tardiness was due to a delay in the previous flight and there seemed to be no communication between agents as to me coming from a delayed flight, despite being told by an agent that I would make my connection to Nassau (which I could have). This experience for me has me questioning to what extent does communication happen between American Airline agents or attendants to ensure that customers or passengers want to further travel with this airline. Again truly disappointed."
"Verified Review | My son and I were flying from La Guardia to Charlotte on January 20th. I entered the airport and realized I did not have our ID. I was told was it would be okay but we would have to go through additional steps to board flight, which I had no problems with. My son has Mental Retardation and had soiled himself on the way to the airport. He did not understand and what was happening and was given a second search as well. The employees at the second check point were exceptionally rude and condescending. Although one woman who actually searched us that day showed us some kindness. Needless to say I would not recommend any person or animal to fly with this airline."
"Verified Review | Manchester to New York JFK return. I was so disappointed to fly to New York at New Year and discover no seat back tvs. Would have paid extra to go with an airline that has better entertainment for a long flight. Cramped seats and little leg room. We paid extra for extra leg room on return flight and slightly better. Would not fly American Airlines again. Check in a shambles at New York"
"Verified Review | I had not flown American Airlines in years and I was sincerely disappointed and reminded why today. My first flight from Seattle to Dallas landed well enough, but at the terminal we were met with mechanical difficulties getting the walkway gate to connect. The passengers were stuck in the cabin for 30+ minutes and a large number of us missed our connecting flights. We were told to sort amongst ourselves about who had flights coming up sooner than others. Chaos broke out and, meanwhile, a flight attendant nearby was making a personal call to her bank and was of no help in a time of need and couldn't be bothered to be flagged down. My next flight was delayed for weather issues (which I know we can't control-gave an obvious pass here), but was then delayed for yet another mechanical problem (twice in one day AA-really?). Again, I was confined to the cabin for another 60+ minutes total. I have lost faith in both the quality and safety of their aircrafts if they are so prone to problems and in American Airlines ability to act in times of need. I will likely not be flying with this airline again."
"Verified Review | I initially chose American Airlines because it was the cheapest flight available. I had never flown with American Airlines before, but I expected the experience to at least be on par with United Airlines. However, I was quickly turned off by this airline upon entering the aircraft. All of the flight attendants were beyond rude. They were basically yelling at passengers to sit down, and they were condescending about the most routine of things. Besides the horrendous attendants, the plane was so crammed. You can tell that they are trying to cram as many people on the plane as possible with no care for passenger's space or comfort. I had just flown on a Japan Airlines domestic flight, and the American Airline flight cannot compare to the space and comfort of that domestic flight. The only good that came from using American Airlines is that I now know that Japan Airlines will be my go-to carrier from now on."
"Verified Review | Miami to Montreal. I paid 300USD to upgrade to Business class. I just asked the American Airlines receptionist if there was a meal included in the 8.30 pm flight to Montreal. The answer was that the flight is too late to expect to have a meal on board. Also the American lounge was not accessible despite I'm an American Airlines advantage member - what a deception."
"Verified Review | My trip from Seoul, South Korea to St.Louis, Missouri took a total of 41+ hours. It's usually, at maximum, a 16 hour deal. The ETA for my original itinerary was at the latest 8:30pm Friday night CST. Currently, I'm writing this review with rage at Dallas Fort Worth Airport on Sunday 1:10AM, approx 29 hours later than the initial ETA. And for now, IF all goes well, my final ETA would be Sunday 1pm. That would be 41 hours after the initial ETA. I do understand when it comes to weather issues; in fact, I am grateful that they weren't hesitant to make customer safety first. But the first 24 hour delay of my itinerary was purely the airline's lack of thorough preparation beforehand. Everyone had already boarded on the plane, and halfway into the runway, the plane decided to turn back and redo a checkup. From which they decided to cancel the flight for the night and try again 23 hours later. How was it that they detected the problem only right before we were about to set off? And when I was struck with the news after having finally arrived in Dallas that my connecting flight to the final destination got canceled, they were little to not at all sympathetic. I was more disappointed and frustrated by their attitude throughout this whole 41 hour ordeal, not so much by their policies."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Orlando via Los Angeles. It was an awful flight. I was 24 hours in the airport and airplane. They are nor responsible. I lost all my first day of 2017 in a very cold, uncomfortable and catastrophic situation. Because of several delays, I missed connection flights two times and had to sleep in the airport. Nobody in the airport was willing to accommodate travelers. I just change my flight by phone."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Houston TX to Stillwater OK. After repeatedly delaying, then cancelling my flight over a five hour period during which I sat at the airport and watched others placed on flights, American was unable to even find a flight to Dallas on their airline. Instead I was told that I had to drive to another airport at my own expense, board a plane on a different airline to get to Oklahoma City, and once in Oklahoma City, pay for a rental car at my own expense so I could drive another hour in below zero Fahrenheit conditions to reach Stillwater, OK. I had specifically bought a ticket from Houston to Stillwater to avoid driving and spent nearly $200 on the rental car. And it took me nearly 12 hours from my arrival at the airport to reach my destination. The only feedback from American after my horrible experience was basically \"sorry, we can't control the weather, so we refuse to compensate you for your time, inconvenience, or rental car.\" That's the last time I will ever fly American Airlines."
"Verified Review | I fly American Airlines at least once a month, sometimes several. It has been very rare that the flight is on time with no issues. Often connecting flights are missed because of it. I've had to miss work and completely rearrange schedule countless times. Today my wife was delayed so many times on multiple flights that she could have drove from Texas to Illinois and arrived sooner. It's sad that the American Airlines doesn't take pride in their management nor seem to value their customers. We will be reconsidering our travel in the future and you should too."
"Verified Review | Very disappointing long flight to Narita Japan from Dallas Fort Worth. I had bought my tickets 4 weeks prior and had paid to upgrade from/to Japan. Upon arriving at DFW for the return flight, the status of the flight on the American Airlines official website was listed as \"On Time\". Upon checking in at airport, I was moved to economy class and told I would be reimbursed. Attendant at counter told me the flight was late from Miami (original destination) enroute to DFW. I pleaded unsuccessfully with assigned seat. Inside the cabin, the seats were in a two-three-two configuration. I noticed the seats were old and deteriorated. The TV/Entertainment did not work. My overhead light did not work either! Can you imagine? A thirteen hour scheduled flight! Tried to use my iPad but was not able to watch movies either. I read my book, listened to music with my I-Pad. Due to fight being completely full, it was hard to sleep. The food was terrible compared to the flight from Japan to the US. Yes, I was reimbursed, however, I wonder what was the point in pre-paying for premium economy 4 weeks ahead and then ending up with what I was trying to prevent in the first place? Very disappointed. My parents flew the same route two months ago with United Airlines and they loved it. I definitely will try UA next time."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Milwaukee. As a top elite with American Airlines, I know the carrier well. Since its merger with US Airways, the service and perks have continued to substantially deteriorate. Frequent flier miles are now half what they were a year ago for the most elite travelers and even worse for others. I have experienced more delayed and cancelled flights in the last 14 months than I have in the previous 10 years. The ability to redeem frequent flyer miles is absolutely terrible - American should be ashamed. The upgrades to first from coach have been drastically reduced. In almost every way the \"new American Airlines\" is underperforming and certainly substantially worse than US Airways and much much worse than the Old America West Airlines."
"Verified Review | I had a flight Miami to London Heathrow via Boston. The check in was an unnecessarily stressful and upsetting experience caused by the unprofessionalism and aggression of American Airlines ground staff. After 30 minutes waiting in line the ground crew member informed those of us waiting there that the five desk staff were finishing their shift and we had to leave the line. Despite protests from my fellow passengers the woman informed us the staff would “up and leave” when their shift was finished. I am sympathetic that their shift was over but surely it would have been more effective to allow those of us waiting to check in or be served by other desk staff. I have never seen staff upping and leaving when there is a long line of people waiting without making sure they were to be attended to. I was then instructed to join the general enquiry line. In this line were people who had missed connections, missed flights, rebooking flights, unable to check in manually, oversized baggage, etc. The staff appeared to be directing people to lines in order to be rid of them and did not allow questions to be finished nor addressing passengers’ issues. Just a simple “go stand in that line”. The complaints from my fellow passengers echoed my own disbelief that at one point less than five desk staff were there to serve the long line of people and there was no coordination of passengers who had little time until boarding. I tried in vain to ask if another check-in option was available - highlighting my fear I would miss my connecting flight to London if I missed the domestic flight - but was continually dismissed. After two hours of waiting I was finally able to check in my luggage and thanks to the security staff allowing me to fast track through security I made the flight. It should not take 2.5 hours to check in one small bag!"
"Verified Review | Horrible customer service, forced to buy a hotel and get a cab myself after they cancelled a flight at 10 at night in Washington Reagan airport and never given any apologies, just very rude employees. Tried to recharge me for my checked bag even tho they cancelled my flight and left me stranded in Washington Reagan airport at night! So I had to get a hotel for 300 dollars for one night because that's what was available on such short notice and have received nothing from the airport for all this headache and I have missed work. Very disappointing way to end my vacation. I will never fly with American Airlines again!"
"Verified Review | I've often heard that American Airlines is bad from reading reviews, but after my most recent trip from San Francisco to Tokyo through Los Angeles and back, I can confidently say that I will not book a flight with AA again, ever. My trip to and fro were full of issues. I chose a morning flight at 7am since the ticket was cheaper, and and got to SFO at 5am, while thinking that I was giving myself ample time before departure. I was badly mistaken. When I got there, I saw a long line of more than 40 people queuing. The American Airlines check-in staff were rude and unsympathetically telling people in the queue who have missed their 6am flight that there's nothing they can't do about it, although the problems were due to their slow service. When checking in using the self check-in kiosk, I had problems scanning my passport, the kiosk asked me to verify my travel documents despite my having an Indonesian passport and traveling to Indonesia, and it ran out of paper to print my luggage tags. Many of the check-in kiosks were unresponsive and no one was there to fix it. IFE was the only decent thing they had, their screens are surprisingly capacitive, which allows much better interaction with your fingers. Inflight cabin attendants were impolite. My return flight wasn't a better experience. Upon arriving at LAX after a 7-hour and 9-hour flight, I was told that my LAX to SFO flight was canceled and of course there's nothing American Airlines can do about it besides rebooking my flight to the next day (which they can't even do automatically), and I didn't like that since I have to get back to work the next day. I had to drive back from LA to SF after my 20 hour trip, while jet-lagged. Seriously, avoid American Airlines like the plague. Also, lesson learned, try to avoid flights that have domestic transits."
"Verified Review | El Salvador to Toronto via Miami. I will never use American Airlines again, and do not recommend this airline to anyone. I arrived at Toronto Pearson Airport last night on American Airlines. My luggage didn't arrive. I went to baggage services and they gave me a phone number to call the next day. I called this morning and the customer service agent told me that my luggage is still in Miami. They are not sure when it will get here. I have my medication in that luggage and now I have to go out of my way to purchase more. Amercian Airlines doesn't even provide any compensation for these sort of mistakes. You pay so much money to travel on American Airlines and they can't even make sure your luggage arrives with you. I'm very disappointed."
"Verified Review | Flying with American Airlines from Miami to La Guardia, New York has been the most frustrating and disappointing experience I have ever had traveling. The staff are rude and uneducated and they have many staff members who only speak one language (which makes it really difficult to communicate). I arrived late to my flight in Miami because I was on a previous flight that we missed due to bad weather. When I get to Miami I had about an hour to get everything done but with the lack of education and common sense from the staff members at American Airlines I was cut short on time. First off in my previous flight I was given a standby ticket for this flight because we were not going to make it to our original flight. When I get to Miami and tried explaining that to the staff member in bag check in she told me \"keep your mouth shut and give me your ticket\". She then tells me I'm too late to check in my bags so I decide not to go with bags. The women gave me back my stand by ticket instead of boarding pass which did not allow me to go to TSA. I then had to go back in the line to get a boarding pass. Finally got a boarding pass and TSA were excellent and let us go ahead of everyone so we could make the flight. When I get to the gate the \"manager\" told me I was not able to get on board because the doors were closed. It was 8.20 and the flight got delayed to 8.40. If I'm not mistaken you can board up to 10 minutes prior to flying. She refused to let us on and decided that her best customer service skill was to scream at us. An elderly disabled women caused a scene at the gate, and she was allowed to board. I refuse to take another flight with American Airlines."
"Verified Review | I bought my ticket via British Airways and 2 of the 5 sectors were with American Airlines. I had thought since I'd bought a full service ticket all the flights would be with full service airlines and not mixed with a budget airline. I am writing to BA to complain - even though the 3 sectors flying with BA were wonderful. My first flight with AA was Las Vegas to London via Chicago. I had no money on me and my cards were in my hand luggage as I didn't think they were needed. These were put in the hold anyway as there was no space in the lockers, but I did not know AA was a budget airline and the whole \"money, money, money is everything\". I got a \"free\" glass of water and went hungry. I then had a tight connection at ORD so had to get straight to the next gate (it said free soft drink is back with much fanfare, so yes, they must have tried to remove even that). I was pleased to see a new aircraft, but it ended there. The staff were such a mixed bunch, never seen a flight crew like it, it was almost as if they were volunteers. Anyway, they were nice enough, a million miles from a full service airline but reckon they gave all they could with their working conditions. Anyway my whole reason for writing this review is because of the food. Now I could feel the resentment from American Airlines. How dare they have to give free food out. What a shame so much of the transatlantic competitors do. I say free, of course it's in the ticket price but they call it complimentary. So by this point I'm starving and my kosher meal came. It blew my mind. One stale bun, crumbled in my hands. No butter or even spread, you'll have it dry. A side of sour shredded veg. I don't know, it was like coleslaw with no mayo and sat in vinegar for days on end until it wilted. Must have been the cheapest thing the catering firm had, it was beyond vile. Simply not edible. The teeny \"main\" was beyond it as well, little drops of pasta that were so overcooked it liquefied upon contact with tongue and tasted of nothing. Just unbelievable. The BBQ \"chicken\" was highly processed, bland and a perfect partner for the horror of it all. Maybe 5,000 flights, this was the most pathetic assortment of rubbish I'd ever been given. Then there was a tiny square of sponge with jam and coconut. I can't eat coconut but hey, the whole thing was vile. For \"breakfast\" the offering was so ridiculous I kindly asked the attendant to take it back. I had hoped for a full English, but thought I might get a warmed 7 day croissant, but no, it was a stale bun with no butter. The mainstream offering was a bag of dried cranberries which I can't eat, a mixed berry slice of muffin (don't expect a full muffin!). It doesn't sound so horrific, just cheap, but I can't eat dried fruit. I did eat the yogurt which American couldn't mess up. I left the first plane ravenous and the second chewing my knuckles. There were only two drinks served over the 7 hours of course. Paid a full service price and fobbed me off with this. They need to disassociate with that brand immediately."
"Verified Review | Tampa to San Francisco via Phoenix. Hands down the worst airline experience I have ever had. Almost every agent, flight attendant, and other airline staff were inefficient, disgruntled, or rude. I would never recommend this airline. On flight out we had a super old plane that was making all kinds of weird/loud noises. We were on the same plane out of Phoenix and they wouldn't take off with the noise so we returned to the gate and sat for over an hour and a half with no information on what was wrong (just the repeated \"technical issue\" update at about 15 mins intervals and no cabin service). The plane was completely powered off at one point which meant no lights/air for a period of time. When we finally made it to Tampa the power also went off as we were trying to de-board. Fast forward to the return flight and after waiting in a super long line, the curbside check-in didn't work and they wouldn't tell us why. Had to wait in another line to check our stroller inside and the agent there was convinced we were traveling to San Francisco, Costa Rica, not CA. Printed off boarding passes for Tampa and Phoenix in a horrible jumble which we were forced to sort ourselves at security with (at this point) screaming children in tow. Barely made the flight and we were at the airport almost 2 hours in advance. In Phoenix we discovered for some reason our boarding passes no longer had priority on them but group two. I had to wait at the counter for at least 15 mins (children now screaming again) while the agent completely ignored me, and when I was finally able to ask if we could board with priority as we had on every other leg I was very rudely interrupted as the agent said repeatedly, \"what's written on your boarding pass, what's written on your boarding pass?\" We were in the back of the plane that leg - with a four-year old and two-year old. Boarding in group 2 was an absolute nightmare and we held up a bunch of other people. We are also (or I should say were as of today) platinum card holders, but because my father booked the trip for us that didn't matter. At least the plane was newer on that leg, but super bare-bones for the age. Couldn't get the in-flight streaming option to work either (they only support for a limited number of browsers). I have never felt compelled to write an airline review before, but given this experience I felt compelled to warn future travelers (especially those with young children) that this is not the airline for you."
"Verified Review | I flew with my family of 5 on Jan 4 2017 from Miami to Vail, flight 2499 for a skiing trip. We departed on time and about 3.5 hours into a 5 hour flight the pilot announced that American Airlines had made a decision not to land in Vail do to a winter snow storm. Our plane was completely full of people heading for a ski trip. The incredible decision by AA to head back to Miami was crazy. No chance to deviate to Dallas or even Denver that was open. The entire plane was extremely upset on the poor choice and way of communication, with no regards for the huge investment on our vacation. Upon arrival back in Miami the entire plane, about several 100 people weren't assisted in any way by AA. After waiting almost an hour, they advised us to head to gate D37 a rebooking center, a nightmare of several hours that did not help. We ended up on a flight out of Miami to Charllotte that evening to head into Denver the next morning. We lost that night stay at our hotel in Vail, our lift ticket the following day and ski rental. AA gave us zero vouchers, with huge additional costs to my family. We had to pay for hotel in Charlotte and dinner at airport."
"Verified Review | I have never flown with a worse carrier. We were scheduled to fly from Bridgetown, Barbados to Boston via Miami on 3 January 2017. Our flight was due to leave at 14:30 from Barbados connecting in Miami, arriving in Miami at 18:30 leaving for Boston at 21:43. That gave me 3:15 minutes to connect. American, as usual was delayed and eventually we didn't leave on time. We arrived in Miami at 20:15 giving us 1:30 to recheck bags and catch the next flight. When we eventually collected our bags we had about 1 hour to get on the next flight. American said to me (and everyone behind me) that we didn't have enough time to check bags so we were forced to stay over in Miami an extra night. It is unbelievable."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Milan to Miami. The Aircraft was very old, dirty and uncomfortable. Seats very small, no video on the front seat, no wifi connections, food very poor, service level very low. There were some functions out of use (e.g. button to call the steward). Really poor experience. The flight back from Miami to Milan was the same and on top of that the audio was out of order. I will never fly American again while they have these old fashioned aircrafts. I spent approx 200$ extra for \"so called\" \"preferred seats\"."
"Verified Review | First flight to Norfolk from JFK was cancelled. They put me on a flight from LGA to Charlotte to Norfolk that I had to pay money to cab over to get to LGA from JFK. Got to the gate, delayed an hour. Got on that plane after one hour delay. Lands. Gate delay. Stuck in Charlotte on layover. Get to the gate for the plane to Norfolk. Delayed over 2 hours. I'm still sitting in Charlotte waiting for this aircraft to board. It's been 12 hours. I could have driven to North Carolina. Twice. I will never give my money to American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Washington. Husband and I bought full fare first class tickets in March 2016 for this annual holiday flight. Check-in was fine at American Airlines premium check-in, we were given boarding passes for seats 4A and 4B and we headed to the Admirals club. After an hour, we headed to the gate where we were told we were downgraded because they sold 20 first class tickets for 16 seats. Since we bought ours in March, they cost the least, therefore, we were downgraded. Here's a center seat and a $300 voucher, no drink voucher, no systemwide upgrade, but a promise of we'll provide you your drinks and meals onboard. I doubt they will. Now I'm doubting if I should buy my ticket for lie flat 767 service to HNL through DFW in July knowing that buying it 7 months out makes it cheaper so I'll probably get downgraded again."
"Verified Review | Tokyo to Mexico City via Los Angeles. The inflight service was terrible; bad food, small servings, irresponsive crews, overcrowded lavatories, smaller aisle. This was all bearable until I reached Los Angeles for my 14 hours layover for my flight to Mexico city. The flight was suppose to depart at 23:55 at first, then delays of 20, 50, 120 minutes was announced until the flight was announced cancelled. Along with 6 other flights in LAX, American Airlines cancelled these flights altogether creating a mayhem in LAX. The airline has a customer service counter with 2 desks, just 2! And any other AA personnel you see in the airport are unwilling to answer any questions and they try to direct you to the service counter. When 7 flights are cancelled at one time, the queues to the counter are long, I mean 7-Hours long in the end. After getting reneged on your contract with AA to fly to your destination, you are forced to wait 7-hours to get an answer. So I did exactly that, and only then I knew it was because they had poor crew scheduling, resulting in insufficient crews to provide those flights. How is that even possible? With poor regulations of airline policies in the US, these airlines and airports are falling way behind with competitions from Middle East and Asia. So at the counter, I asked what do you have for me? The nonchalant service crew wasn't unsympathetic about our situation and just offered a replacement flight 3-days later - 3 days, 72-hours and told me there is nothing else they can do about it. Since I have my activities booked in Mexico city already, i have to pay a last-minute ticket to the city on my own which cost me $600 USD. American Airlines are unwilling to do anything about it and just asked me to collect my \"checked\" luggage which is left somewhere in the airport, without anyone overseeing it. To be honest, I read reviews about AA before buying the flight but did not know it can be this terrible. To all future travellers contemplating about the savings you get taking American Airlines - don't do it, pay more to get a decent airline."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Los Angeles. Utterly disappointed in American Airlines service. First the website told us all seats were taken except additional cost seats at $90. They made us check in at airport and stand in a long line of surly employees to be told that there were actually many available seats at no additional cost. Duplicitous and inconvenient. Next we were told no overheard space for carry ons was left and had to check our carry ons and pick them up at baggage claim. Also ridiculous. AA knows exactly how many people and bags they have - they only run out of space by letting people fill overhead bins with jackets etc. Irresponsible. I would try hard never to fly with these unhappy employees nor this third rate airline. On a humanistic note: there was a Spanish speaking woman in line next to us who was repeatedly dismissed and sent to the back of the line because no one would bother to call one of the many bilingual employees to assist her. I am disappointed to have my family vacation begin on this note."
"Verified Review | Miami to Philadelphia. Horrible customer service. After already checking in and going through security, I switched to an earlier flight and was assured by a really nice guy on phone that my bag could be transferred, all I needed to do was speak to an agent here at the airport. Only problem is there wasn't a single agent at any of the desks, including customer service. I finally found an agent behind the Cuba desk and she told me I couldn't switch baggage in domestic flights. So I booked a reservation, paid a fee under the impression by baggage could arrive with me because of contradictory beliefs on a basic, fundamental policy, which should have been explained before I booked my new flight. I called customer service and they said they would not refund me the baggage fee for the inconvenience of coming back to the airport at 1AM to pick up my luggage. She told me to find a different agent and see what could be done. When I found another agent she was on the phone speaking to a friend in Spanish and popping her gum, ignored me for three minutes, then told me to have a seat and be patient for the agent who will arrive in 30 minutes. Outrageously inappropriate. Awful experience. Spent nearly two hours on the phone trying to get answers and running around the airport. Never flying with American again."
"Verified Review | Before I tell you about my experience, let me preface this by stating, 2 weeks ago, my parents had to spend the night in the terminal at Dallas/Fort Worth. Mind you, my father is not the most patient man the earth has ever seen. It took them more than 24 hours to get from Southern Nebraska to San Antonio. That's ridiculous. First, their plane was late arriving at the airport so they could get on it in the first place. Then their flight from DFW to SAT was cancelled, but the airline staff did not announce that, instead they kept leading everyone on as if the plane would be ready at any minute. Their plane, finally \"ready\" at 0700 the next morning, was fully loaded and ready for take off. Until the crew discovered the brakes weren't working. Back to the gate and off the plane they go. My parents finally arrived in San Antonio that night at 2100 (9pm). When it came time for me to go to Texas for Christmas, one week after the aforementioned fiasco, my experience was better, but then again one cannot fall out of a basement."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Hong Kong is a new route for American Airlines. Due to head winds the flight was slightly delayed and missed connecting flight to BKK - head winds which are normal this time of year. Now if I know that why didn't the so-called professionals at AA know it? If they had asked me I could have told them the time allowed was insufficient anytime of year. There was no AA staff on the ground, only contract airport staff that had limited interest in passenger / customer satisfaction so the process took hours and with little or no regard for customer concerns or comfort. AA does not know when to quit abusing its customers - meaningless and cynical frequent flyers programs and now they ask you to buy miles when you check in - miles you used to be earning! To allowing their passengers to wonder around international airports looking for help form other airlines. However the HKG to BKK was nice - thanks to Thai Airways."
"Verified Review | Full flight in Charlotte and no one boarded yet, ten minutes after scheduled departure time. Reason? One cabin attendant is late arriving. (AA 1648). Wonder how brain dead you have to be not to make judgement call to board plane so when tardy flight attendant actually arrives, we can get going."
"Verified Review | Keāhole to Chicago via Los Angeles. I travel frequently and have a bag that fits under the seat. This has happened 3 times in the last month on AA - gate agents who insist on taking your bag \"saying there is no more room in the overhead\". The last gate agent was really rude about it however guys with huge backpacks were allowed, just no roller bags. Of couse when I got on the plane, there was still room in the overhead and room underneath my \"economy plus\" seat. I wouldn't care if it was a short flight but AA is consistently late and in the last month I had to spend the night in Miami due to their late takeoff and arrival, and they had checked my carry at the gate, to my final destination (Las Vegas) using their same lame excuse. The other problem happening far too often comes at landing. The last 2 flights were held up for at least 45 min. because \"a plane was broken at the gate we are supposed to park at\". How about a little better tower communication and finding an alternate gate so people dont miss their connections. Here's how todays flights went on AA...flight AA246 acheduled to leave Kona at 3:35, leaves 45 min late jeopardizing my LAX/ORD connection, finally arrives LA X and we wait 40 more min because of \"broken plane at gate\". Good thing the plane to ORD was delayed, supposed to leave at 11:20, we are still on the tarmack at 2:08 am, without my carry on. This airline has problems!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Manchester on American Airlines Boeing 757. No personal entertainment screen, rock hard seats. Unacceptable for a transatlantic flight in 2016! Never had worse. Does American Airlines not realise that people fly outside of the USA and need more amenities. Overnight I now have a sore back and neck. Never again."
"Verified Review | Nashville to Dayton via Washington. My original flight was scheduled to leave at 1p.m. and arrive in Washington D.C. at 3:30p.m. From there I had a connecting flight from Washington D.C. to Dayton Ohio. My travel time was supposed to be done by 7:30p.m. The day of my flight at 2:30a.m. my flights were canceled due to maintenance. That is when I had my first call with the American Airlines representatives. The representative booked me a different flight, which cut my travel time since I was to leave Nashville at 2:15p.m. and get to Chicago at 3:30p.m. and from there I would leave at 4:30p.m. and get to Dayton Ohio at 6:15p.m. In Nashville my flight was delayed for over 4 hours and the representatives would not let me on another flight. I talked to a total of 5 representatives who told me 5 different things and all of them had attitudes with me. I had to get another connecting flight in Chicago which did not leave until 9:40p.m. I did not reach Dayton until 11:53p.m. I spent over 12 hours in an airport, was not offered any compensation, and I had nothing to eat because I could not afford it and I thought I would be to my destination earlier."
"I booked a flight from Chicago to San Antonio three months in advance. The day of my flight, I was there 2 hrs early only to be informed that my flight was canceled 10 min before my arrival. So instead, American Airlines assigned me a new route which required me to stop in Dallas and then onto San Antonio. The plane was not ready for flight so we had to wait another 2hrs. This is not my worst experience with flying but still, it's the fact of the matter. If I showed up late to my flight, canceled, or had to switch, American Airlines would charge me for that mistake. But when the airline screws up, canceling my flight with no notice whatsoever, there are no consequences."
"Verified Review | My red-eye flight from Philadelphia to San Francisco with American Airlines was supposed to be nonstop. Upon arrival to the boarding gate, the American posting board still read nonstop, and only at last minute were we informed that the plane would make a fuel stop in Kansas City. As this was a full flight, there was no overhead space for my carry-on so there I was stuck having to jam my luggage and backpack under the seat with no place for my feet. We sat on the ground for an hour, and ultimately arrived 2-hours late at our destination. A review of the AA615 activity log indicates this is not an uncommon occurrence. Some missed connections, I missed a lunch meeting. It is unacceptable to have an airline presumably save a few bucks on fuel at their passengers' expense. This seemingly selfish unapologetic action significantly tainted an otherwise OK flying experience."
"Verified Review | Due to fly American Airlines from Dallas Fort Worth to Bogota. This is by far the worst service ever and I still stranded at the airport with two of my kids lying on the floor tring to sleep. Why because delays, supposly weather and a crew that was unable to fly due to over the limit time of hours flown, they took as back and then cancelled the flight. Disappointed travelers, kids, families people upset, crying due to the great neglicence of some of the attendants, being extremelly insensitive with was happening. Now booked to Cancun to try to reach Bogota. I am just without words, this is not in anyway fair, and and in any way an airline that you can trust. Never ever ever in my life I will made a booking with your company, where customers are treated with no respect. Just 0/10"
"Flight 2326 from Lubbock to Atlanta got cancelled today because of weather which is understandable but too many times that I have flown American Airlines something happens. Last time I was on an American flight we were in the air from Dallas to Lubbock and we had to go back to Dallas and de-plane because of mechanical issues or something. Time before that my bag got lost because my plane from Lubbock to Dallas was delayed and I had to run to my next flight. I'm so sick of American Airlines. If they are gonna be this bad then give us better prices or compensation."
"New York JFK to Akron–Canton via Charlotte. Over the past two months I have been traveling through Europe and taken countless flights, but this was by far the worst experience I have ever had. To begin with, the boarding procedure was delayed because the previous flight arrived late. After getting the plane ready the crew boarded us about 30 minutes after our original boarding time. Everyone got on the aircraft and sat and waited for a long time before being told they were experiencing mechanical issues and they were bringing people in to check out the situation. We sat and waited and then were finally told that if we would like to get off the plane we were welcome to. I proceeded to leave the plane to speak with an agent because I knew that I was going to miss my connecting flight in CLT. There was one travel agent available for a whole airplane of people and she seemed to care less about helping us because her shift was supposed to be ending. I asked if I could change my end destination to a larger airport that was within 300 miles of my original end point and I was told no. The only option they could give me was a flight out the next day. I took the new flight information and proceeded to call the service number where I was told the exact opposite information that the travel agent at the airport told me. However, there is nothing that the agents over the phone can do because they cannot physically give you a new boarding pass or vouchers to make up for the inconvenience. By the time I was about to get back in line to speak with the travel agent in person and inform her of what I was told on the phone, there was a line of about 20 people. I went back to the gate and was told to re-board the plane if we had new boarding passes and had been situated on a new flight out of CLT. I got back on the plane and sat for all of five minutes to be told that their flight crew had timed out and a new crew would not arrive for at least another hour. We once again had to exit the plane and go sit by the gate. They did provide us some snacks while we waited and the crew did not arrive until 2 hours later. There was still only one travel agent available to assist passengers who needed to re-book their flights and the customer support agents were impatient, rude, and acted as though this was our problem and not their own. I do not remember hearing the words \"I am sorry for the inconvenience\" once out of anybody. After sitting until 1:00am they finally had a crew and boarded us for a third time on the plane. It took forever to take off and we landed in CLT at about 3:30am. We were told we would receive hotel vouchers, transportation, and food once in CLT. Clearly JFK did not communicate the issues to CLT because the members in Charlotte had no idea what was going on and we had to wait another hour for a supervisor to come out and speak to us. At this point, there was no point in getting a hotel voucher because flights would be leaving within a few hours. I finally spoke with an agent who put me on an earlier flight to a different airport that was close to my original destination. He also provided me with a food voucher. This was the first time that I received answers and was helped in a caring and apologetic way. This was also the first time that I was not quickly shut down and told no. I finally made it home after many hours, many tears, and lots of frustration. The lack of support and concern for their passengers is ridiculous and I will never fly AA again."
"Baltimore to Miami with American Airlines. This was one of the worst flight experiences I had ever had. Our flight was meant to leave at 530 am and due to icy weather conditions, we were delayed 6 hours. Although the staff were kind, we ended up waiting on the aircraft for hours with little to no information. When we finally took off, about an hour into the flight the pilot informed us that due to a mechanical malfunction we would have to make an emergency landing in Jacksonville (intended destination = Miami.) Again captain and crew were great - no complaints. Once we landed, we were told very little about the prognosis of our aircraft and we ended up having to wait in a huge group of 160 people as we learned very slowly that the flight could not be officially cancelled until they were certain they couldn't find a replacement captain and crew, but also couldn't help us rebook a new flight to make connections. Thus, this all resulted in zero contingency plan and lots of unnecessary waiting. When we finally departed for Miami at 1030 pm on the original aircraft with a new captain and crew, we were promised hotel and transportation vouchers upon our arrival in MIA. However when we arrived, the line to receive these vouchers was hundreds of people long with no end in sight. I (along with hundreds of other passengers) were extremely disappointed with the lack of organization or a streamlined process."
"Seattle to London. Don't even bother asking the American Airlines service team to help you. If you have a question - it doesn't matter. Simply walking up to the kiosk to ask them if we could upgrade our seats (6 hours in advanced) we were told don't bother unless it's 24 hours in advanced. \"It doesn't matter unless it's done 24 hours in advanced. You will not get your request.\" The interesting part of this was, we only walked up to the kiosk to ask them if it was a possibility to upgrade our seats. We weren't expecting it, only asking if it was a possibility. Interestingly enough, the American Airlines attendant told us there was not point in talking to them unless we did it 24 hours in advanced. I don't care about that. I just wanted to ask. I had no idea it was an ubsurdity to ask for something like that unless it was 24 hours in advanced. Now I know."
"Verified Review | Buffalo to La Guardia Philadelphia. If I could give them negative stars I would. Absolutely the worst airline and day of my life. Not only did I receive a text that my connecting flight was canceled an hour before departure, but the staff was rude and unhelpful. We ended up leaving an hour after departure time, without being told about any delays. My check in bag was 4 pounds over and he wanted to charge me an extra $100."
"Chicago to Miami. As every year I flew to Miami after attending a medical congress in Chicago so used my AAdvantage points to book a free flight to Florida on November 30th. As I am aware some American Airlines planes are very old I usually try to book a flight operated by some newish Boeing 737-800 which are very common on this route: this year I wanted to fly business class (they call it First but it's just a trick) so I had limited options for ny reward ticket and I ended up in a 4:40pm flight. They changed the plane to a B757 a few weeks after my booking so in the end my flight was operated by a glorious aircraft from the '80s with extremely wide but hard seats with limited recline capability. Because of a technical issue, departure was delayed for about one hour (this happened in about 40% of all the flights I had with AA so far, kind of disturbing if you compare with other major airlines) but no big deal as I was not in a hurry. No PTV on the seat just the old fashioned hanging monitor with terrible sound and video quality, so bad they even had to interrupt the safety video because it was a torture for our ears. Flight was uneventful with a pleasant purser who greeted passengers one by one by shaking their hands both upon boarding and before landing. I did not feel like eating so did not try the meal which did look fine by the way (chicken with some vegetables). The one and only positive thing about this trip was I paid 5USD: not sure I will repeat the experience though, unless I am absolutely sure I can fly on a more recent aircraft with better and modern features."
"Verified Review | I was attempting to fly home for Christmas break with American Airlines and arrived two hours prior to my 1.15 flight from Pensacola Florida to Dallas Texas. My flight was delayed once, which caused me to have to move my connecting flight back to a later time. And then my flight was delayed two more times. I was supposed to leave at 1.15 and now they are estimating that my flight will leave at 4.20. If there is another delay I will have to move my connecting flight to a later time once again. The attendants at the counter are being very rude and extremely unhelpful. I am just waiting for the next delay/the next thing to go wrong. I have missed several events that I was planning on attending this evening. If this airline decides to pull it together, I may be able to make it home by tomorrow."
"Verified Review | My American Airlines flight from Miami to Rio de Janeiro was terrible, the tv didn't work and to watch tv it would play for 5 minutes and then re-connect for the next hour. The arm rest couldn't be left up so I had to hold it up the whole 7 hours flight so my daughter could lay on my lap to sleep. And the food was terrible. I'm very disappointed. I will never use American Airlines again. Not even for my business trip"
"Flew from Las Vegas to Dallas. It was not my first flight but it was first experience with American Airlines. The first thing I noticed that made American Airlines different to any of the other airlines I have flown with was the unfriendly, unsmiling and unhelpful staff. Second huge difference was the customer service, which does not exist. I had only one carry on bag with me, which I usually fly with have never had any problems bringing it on board. American Airlines stewardess told me to leave my carry on bag because it was too big even though I saw passengers in front of me passing with no problems with carry on bags far bigger than mine. The rest of the flight was just same, unfriendly and careless. At the end of our flight we were offered to buy American Airlines point cards. Well, before asking to spend us money on flights with them, American Airlines should provide at least a professional service and start treating passengers right."
"We booked a roundtrip flight using mileage points flying from Charlotte to Albuquerque with American Airlines. When you do this and you go to select seats, all the front row seats back about 20 rows, and all the aisle seats, except for the last few rows in the aircraft are blocked out and you are not allowed to book them. You also cannot pay extra to upgrade to a seat with extra leg room. I think this is a terrible thing to do to loyal customers who use the airline, expecting to be able to use their miles for trips - to punish them by relegating them to the rear of the aircraft. I'm changing my loyality to another airline."
"Dallas DFW to Kansas City with American Airlines. \"Mechanical Issues\". Absolutely no information given, flight delayed 2+ hours. Couldn't get any other plane. Useless would be an understatement. Loved spending 6+ hours in an airport doing nothing on a Sunday. Had to pay for 1 checked bag that weighed nearly nothing. Will try to avoid in the future."
"Very glad to finally have nonstop service to and from JFK. The service on the return flight from JFK to Tucson in Economy Preferred seating was non existent. Monday 8:00 PM departure on November 22nd from JFK to Tucson, immediate announcement from the cockpit that we could expect air turbulence and the seat belt sign would remain on the entire flight. We encountered three or four slight bumps mid flight, that was it totally smooth flying. Since the seat belt sign was pre determined to stay on it gave the entire plane, except first class no cabin service on the five plus hour flight. The other major uncomfortable problem was the cabin temperature was around 80 degrees and yet there was no one to ask about getting air turned down. No one approached any of the passengers on this five plus hour flight. I arrived Tucson soaked with sweat and dehydrated from no fluid. The first thing I did the next day was cancel the future flights I had booked on American. I realize the airline is working hard to make a comeback, they still have a lot of problems and created a very unpleasant flight back from a long weekend in NYC. Definitely worth the extra time to stop and change planes in Atlanta, have never had a problem like this with any other airline and have traveled for forty five years!"
"Barcelona to New York JFK with American Airlines. Had several problems whilst upgrading a seat, I got triple charged, AA took a lifetime to credit my account again. As compensation they gave a $25 reward voucher, (I spent over £40 in telephone calls to their ridiculous call centre to get them to sort out this issue). Inflight staff and staff in both airports were extremely rude and snobby, always looking down on you. Generally quite unprofessional. The staff on our flight told us not to call a flight attendant for beverages, instead we were supposed to go to the back of the plane and request them (unheard of on a long haul) .I told them this was ridiculous and that I would do no such thing as that would involve waking up a fellow passenger sleeping next to us on a aisle seat. We were delayed by 2 hours due to a technical issue and there was no update from the captain on whether or not we would make up the time. Check in and airport staff in JFK need to learn some customer service skills. No smiling, rude people that generally look fed up in life and with their job. They sigh, they roll their eyes. Quite possibly the rudest staff I have ever dealt with. (I fly a lot with many airlines). Generally a massive disappointment, I expected better from AA."
"Verified Review | I've been flying American Airlines for all of 2016 and I've flown Southwest and United due to no direct flights in Texas from Denver. I've never been harassed more over the last 2 flights about my carry-on ever. It isn't a large bag, fits in your overhead for all 50+ flights I've been on with AA. It is smaller than other bags that got on after me, but the gate agents feel the need to pick on their FF members. I travel every week for work and I will be choosing another airline and credit card for 2017. American Airlines needs to learn to treat their Frequent Flyers with more respect."
"Verified Review | Flight from Sydney to Los Angeles was relatively uneventful but the crew insisted on slamming every cabinet door shut for the duration. Impossible to sleep or even rest. Most of the business class crew were too busy working to provide service. Los Angeles to Dallas Ft Worth was a disaster. Originally scheduled in First Class on a Boeing 787, changed equipment to A321. Bumped from first class to a middle seat in economy with minimal compensation ($300 future flight credit) and no explanation or apology or even an understanding of why we were irritated. I was actually told by a gate agent that I should be glad we were seated together. Once onboard we were told we could buy drinks, snacks and headsets, all normally free to first class passengers. We were also never told how it was decided which of the first class passengers were bumped. When I asked I was ignored. There were about 12 passengers bumped and put in row 30 or higher in economy, half in middle seats. Horrible handling by AA staff. Dallas Ft Worth to Tampa flight was uneventful and flight crew was courteous."
"EZE-MIA in new cabin layout on daytime flight. Very good service, drinks and IFE. Highly recommend the daytime flight as passengers are not hurried along to finish eating so the crew can sleep, etc. Flight on time. Upon arrival, despite the arrivals video showing automated immigration processes, it is still time consuming. Return flight from DFW to EZE on very old B777, with old 2-3-2 layout. Seats worn, cabin staff tired and food ditto. As American Airlines has no competition on this route they do not make an effort to improve their service, Flight on time."
"Los Angeles to Guayaquil via Miami with American Airlines. After a 1.5 hour delay flying from LAX to Miami I barely made it to my connecting flight to Ecuador. After boarding we sat and waited for 1 hour until they announced that due to over loading of cargo and luggage we can't fly until tomorrow. We had to leave the plane with nothing, I was hungry and thirsty waiting to get to the airport motel. We were given $12 vouchers for food - what you can buy with that at an airport food court? This is the second time AA has done this to me."
"When nothing goes wrong the airlines are all the same. When it goes wrong is where they differentiate themselves; American Airlines so often can't seem to handle a situation professionally and positively. Flew Chicago to Paris via Dallas Ft Worth in 1st/Business Class. The morning of the flight I checked and at 7am, and my 1pm flight was already showing it would be delayed. Amazing that 6 hours before my flight and before the plane has left its initial city that it was delayed. I called American Airlines and they changed me to the 11:45am flight to DFW - all good. Flight left on time - sat in the AAdmirals lounge for a couple hours and made my way to the gate for the Paris flight (AA 48). Boarding time was close and then all of a sudden we see the entire crew come off the plane. 20 min past boarding time they announce that there is a mechanical issue and there is a plane 2 gates down we can take. Great. We get there and wait for 2 hours - being told its taking that much time to move our catering and luggage over from one plane to the other - just a few gates away. After 90 minutes they brought chips and drinks which was nice. And they were re-routing people with connections as in the end it was over a 2+ hour delay on arriving into Paris. The inflight service was excellent - they were apologetic about the delay and the FA serving my aisle was funny and considerate. But again - nothing from American Airlines once I landed. With Delta - you have such a delay you check your email and you have an apology and 10,000 points in your account. Proactive - great policy. American? Nothing. No email. No offer. Just deal with it. So I complained online and they sent me 7,500 miles and an apology. I appreciate it but it also doesn't make up for the Euro 166 I had to pay for my new train ticket from Paris to Amsterdam that I missed due to the flight delay. But again the US airlines don't care about those issues for their passengers. It's sad a great flight is destroyed by the ground service and overall lack of care by AA customer service for their flights that severely inconvenience passengers"
"Verified Review | We were scheduled to leave Kahului at 8:53 PM to Dallas to connect to a flight to Harrisburg with American Airlines. We sat on the tarmac for 3 hours with only 2 updates the entire time before they cancelled the flight due to mechanical issues. We were never once offered a beverage and the planes air conditioning had to be turned off so it was sweltering in the cabin with every seat occupied. Once we exited the aircraft, it was sheer chaos in attempting to figure out our next move and we were told we were not allowed to leave the airport. After waiting in the airport for another 2 hours with small children, we were finally given a voucher to a cheap hotel. Our family's flights were all completely different when they were finally rescheduled. I had to pay $100 to be able to stay in our room until 6 PM and our new flight did not even leave until midnight. Our new flight was late getting in into Phoenix and then delayed another 2 hours before we could leave for Chicago. When I questioned how we would make our connecting flight in Chicago, the AA staff was rude and snapped \"Well, I guess you won't now, will you?\" We missed our connecting flight and had to wait another 4 hours in Chicago. When I tried to speak with someone in customer service, I was told repeatedly that I had to go to the website and file a complaint. When I did speak to someone that basically told me \"too bad, you're flight already happened\". Our large family travels quite a bit and will never use American Airlines again. We refuse to fly with incompetent, rude and ignorant staff. We were never even offered any vouchers. This airline is a joke and greedy. They care nothing about their clients."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Juliaca via Miami and Lima. I wish I could say that \"I will never fly on American Airlines again\" like some reviewers, but the truth is, with mergers and consolidation it is difficult to do this. This was a trip to Peru, with the flights split between American and LATAM airlines. Three legs of the trip were on American and three on LATAM. The comparison was not good for American. First of all, of the three legs, two of the planes had mechanical issues which led in one case to have to switch planes and the other to sit on the tarmac for an hour. The longest flight was from Miami to Lima on a 767. It looked and felt old and worn out. The seats were pure punishment. They were not the new \"slim line\" seats, but were worn to the point of being hard. The legroom was poor, and I'm only 5'6\". I can't imaging what a six foot tall person had to endure. There was no in seat entertainment, just the drop down screens in various locations. We had a chance to alter our trip plans, and it would have been convenient to change our return trip to leave from Cusco instead of Juliaca. All other legs of the trip would be the same. American could do it for an increase of $7,500! They said the flights were full, and we would have to fly business class. We pointed out that we were holding economy class seats on two flights, so they couldn't be sold out. The response was, \"That's our policy.\" I will do whatever I can to avoid them in the future."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Dallas. This has happened multiple times to my husband and I. We book our tickets together under the same itinerary 2 months in advance and we checked in 3 hours in advance and everytime we are given different seats. I find it sexist and incompetent for an airline to not put two people together that are booking their tickets under one itinerary. Sexist because they probably do this because I did not take my husbands last name, incompetent because they cannot look and see that the itinerary was booked under one confirmation number. We ended up having to sit all the way in the back in order to be together because that was all the airline could do after they had messed up."
"London to New York JFK with American Airlines. Boarding and departure was timely; in fact we arrived half an hour ahead of schedule which was nice. Baggage information was vague as I had three versions of my ticket with different checked in baggage weight information. As I was on an AA ticket from KUL, I had to \"re-issue\" the boarding pass at their transfer desk in LHR although I already had it issued at KUL. Unfortunately, the seats on this aircraft are not as comfortable as their B77W as the width and seat pitch were narrow. I was given a blanket which was packed in a plastic only to find strands of hair attached to it. Food and cabin service was mediocre but the entertainment was alright. Quite a disappointment for a legacy carrier on a transatlantic route."
"You know when American Airlines come on the intercom and say we know you have a choice and thank you for choosing them? Please don't choose them. We were flying first class from Denver to St. Thomas via Miami. The plane arrived late to Denver from Dallas due to mechanical issues, which made our connection to St. Thomas very close. When the pilot made up some time we had hopes of making the connection, however when we landed, our gate was not ready and we sat on the tarmac for the 20 minutes. There were at least 12 of us on that flight that missed the plane, and we missed it because the connecting flight left early. The staff for AA were not helpful at all, and would not answer any questions. They were politely rude. They gave us a certificate for an airport hotel, and did not get us our luggage. The next day we were placed on another plane, but not in first class, but in coach. We lost our one night stay at our hotel and because it was 6 hours from the time we would have checked in, they charged us for it. Then we were told that we have to ask for the refund from AA (e.g. lets not make it simple for the customer, lets make it harder for them). Well I just got my refund and guess what, it is only $98.35 each. Does that make up the difference in first class and coach? They have no way to challenge a refund or even to talk to someone. (again, lets make it hard on the customer). You have a choice. Don't choose American Airlines. I know that I won't if I have any other option."
"Flew American Airlines PUJ to PDX. I have never had such a horrible experience with an airline. To start, we were forced to change our departure flight to a significantly less desirable itinerary (from 1 stop to 2, which added 2 hours to our travel time). Turns out that particular flight would end up being cancelled after mechanical difficulty inflight. Don't get me wrong, I'm thankful for our safety. But after turning around and returning to the gate to stand in line for 7 hours one gets a little a testy. After standing in said line we were given no information about when we would be on another flight and another hour later were shuttled to a hotel where we still received no info. I had to call the airline myself, from a foreign county to find out how I was going to make it home. After being given the wrong information and seeing that our online itinerary had us going to the wrong final destination I had to call again. We finally made it home about 30 hours later. We were in good spirits as was most of the flight despite our trouble. However after several hours of no organization or communication and being left to fend for ourselves on how to get home we were all pretty livid. I wouldn't normally go out of my way to share a negative experience but this was so grossly mishandled that I thought others should know. I would gladly pay the extra money to fly with anyone else next time. We were given no compensation for our original flight change, nor our cancellation troubles."
"Verified Review | San Juan to Kansas City VIA Miami. My wife and I arrived at American Airlines departures in San Juan PR within 1.5 hours of our departure. We stood in a line for 20 minutes, when we finally reached the window we were told that we were in the wrong line and were re-directed to another line which took us an additional 25 minutes to get through. When we finally got to the agent we were told that our bag at this point could not be checked and could not fly to Charlotte because it was inside an hour of flight time. We were then told we could not fly on our original flight to Charlotte and now had to fly standby to Miami. Our Miami flight was delayed over 30 minutes which caused us to miss our connecting flight to Kansas City. We were stranded in Miami and the next flight out wasn't until 5:20 a.m. the following morning and that would fly into Dallas and then into Kansas City. When we finally arrived in Kansas City our checked baggage was not there and we were told it was in Charlotte NC, the airport we were told we could not fly into because the bag was late. If they would have just let us get on our original flight our 6 hour flight time would not have taken 2 days. Very unhappy and will re-think flying AA in the future."
"Flew American Airlines from Manchester, NH to St. Thomas via Philadelphia (layover). On a connecting flight, first flight was delayed over an hour due to getting a half an inch of snow twelve hours before. The connecting flight was set to leave an hour and a half after our original flight, but we missed the closing of the doors by two minutes. They told us that they couldn't have delayed or held the doors open, but on our first flight they held the doors open another 25 minutes after we had boarded for one person, and we were a whole family. We were very disappointed in the way that this company handled our situation, since we did everything we could, including sprinting to the gate, while they barely helped with our situation. Now, instead of getting to our destination at 11 am we will be arriving at 10 pm."
"Verified Review | Miami to Charlotte with American Airlines. I travel often and I will never fly AA again. Staff not friendly at all. They weren't rude but don't seem to like their jobs. I was double charged for my bags and I had to go as far as to get my card provider on the phone with me so that they would fix there own mistake because they wouldnt fix it at the point of sale - very poor."
"Verified Review | Albuquerque to Fresno via Phoenix with American Airlines. Worst service ever. Flew American Airlines due to time of flights. Total waste of money for first class or any for that matter. Flight attendant made it clear upon entering plane she was unhappy and this was her last flight of the day. Practically had to beg for water 30 minutes inflight. Attendants hate their job and don't fail to let customers know it. On the second flight there was a trainee. All 3 stewardesses spent the last 20 minutes of flight complaining about an economy customer in front of everyone in first class. The experience was poor. Go Southwest or Delta because American Airlines employees are angry and take it out on customers."
"Las Vegas to Indianapolis via Los Angeles with American Airlines. Our first plane was delayed due to weather in LAX so we sat on the tarmac. The flight attendants were extremely rude to both my wife and myself. We finally got to LAX and had to wait to get off the plane because a group of Chinese tourists needed to get to the International terminal. We were then shepherded into an office where we stood for 2 hours - our plane had already left the airport before we arrived to which no one told us because getting the other people off was much more important. When we finally got to the main counter we were told that the only plane we could get was at 11.35pm that night - it was only 9am. We tried to negotiate to get another airline or even a hotel and catch the direct plane the next morning but we were told if we wanted to do any of that it would be at our own cost. We stayed in LAX and when I got home I sent an email to American Airlines and they sent me a $100 voucher for my next flight with them."
"Verified Review | Miami to Denver with American Airlines. Worst customer service of any airline. Most gate staff and attendants argue with their customers about selectively enforced regulations. The staff clearly frustrated in their jobs and has forgotten the importance of taking care of the guests who ultimately provide their pay checks."
"Verified Review | New York to Dallas. I had 2 terrible experiences with American Airlines. The first was a direct flight to Nashville leaving at 9:30 am. I was boarded on the plane and asked to leave the plane because there was too much weight on the aircraft. Yes, you heard that correctly. American Airlines put me on the next flight available which was a 6:30 connecting flight to Chicago. I got to Nashville after 10:00 pm and missed the reunion party. However, they did give me a $200 voucher to fly again. When I attempted to use the voucher on my next flight, I was told that voucher only has 14 digits. We only accept 19 digit vouchers. Unbelievable. Please save yourself the aggravation and fly elsewhere."
"New York to Tulsa via Chicago with American Airlines. Horrible and recommend that others avoid AA. Late take-off, sitting on the tarmac for over an hour, switched terminals at the last minute, nearly missing connecting flight only to race to the plane and sit at the gate for another 45 minutes due to an electrical problem. I don't care attitude displayed by any \"professional\" staff member. In Manhattan where I expected rudeness they were polite - on American no such luck. Travelers beware."
"Verified Review | New York La Guardia to Miami. My wife, son and I flew to New York to attend my sister in-laws funeral. On the day of the burial the church services and burial were running behind schedule. We immediately contacted American Airlines and explained that we were attending the burial and that we would not be able to make our original flight which was scheduled for 1:29 pm. We were promptly taken care of and placed on the 5:15 pm flight for a mere $75 per person extra. Where is your heart American? This was clearly an emergency and we had paperwork to substantiate our position. At the very least you could have waived the fees!! Anyway, we get to the airport and are waiting at the gate to be boarded. I've never seen such chaos!! Normally people are boarded from the back of the plane to the front, after boarding \"Priority\" passengers first. After calling for Priority passengers, the chaos began. They never called us by section and people were being boarded in a disorderly fashion. The best part was after half the people had boarded already they decided to stop the rest of us and have us check in our carry-on luggage if they had wheels on them. Who the heck has carry-on luggage without wheels these days? That added extra time and aggravation to this flight. To add insult to injury we were subjected to the most uncomfortable seats and worst snacks. We will never fly American Airlines again - they are insensitive and disorganized!"
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Paris CDG, connecting to El Al for flight to Tel Aviv. After checking in approximately 3.5 hours prior to departure, which is ample time for international travel, and my bag being tagged as \"Priority,\" since Monday, November 7, no one can tell me with certainty where my luggage is. In CDG I was told that I needed to give the gate agents the code for my padlocks even though they are TSA approved. I complied with their request and gave them my code. Prior to arrival in Tel Aviv, I was advised by the flight attendant that my bag had not made it on the flight and to ensure that I would file a claim with El Al at the Lost Baggage counter prior to exiting the TLV airport, which I did. The agent there told me that there were two flights coming in later, and that my case would be on one of them. They gave me a bag with very basic toiletries and what looked like a short pyjama suited for my 10 year-old granddaughter. They told me that there was no allowance until after 24 hours. I was also asked to cross off from my declaration any items over $100 so I wouldn't need to return to the airport to pay duty on those items. I questioned the accuracy of her statement, but the agent who filed my claim with El Al insisted that I had to cross off on my form what I had begun to list as items over $100 in value, which I did. That was Tuesday, November 8. On Wednesday, November 9, the hotel concierge followed up on my claim. The person he spoke with said for me to get whatever I needed and to keep all receipts. That evening the concierge followed up with El Al again, who informed us that my luggage was still in Dallas! I called back and spoke with Maya, who told me American Airlines had put my luggage on a flight to Toronto and then it was scheduled to get onto an Air Canada flight to Tel Aviv. ETA was now for Thursday morning. I am joining a Holy Land tour and had gone a few days ahead to spend visiting Jerusalem. Instead, I have been wasting my time trying to track my luggage. A hotel guest relayed to the concierge and me that El Al had told her that if she wanted her luggage the day it had arrived, she would have to get a taxi to and fro the airport as their courier was no longer available, which she had no other choice but to do it. Armed with this information I hung tight by the hotel. On Thursday morning (I departed on Monday), the El Al call center for lost luggage would not put me through a manager as he was calling American Airlines liars. He said he would have a manager call me, which still has not happened. As of Thursday afternoon, American told my husband that they lost track of my luggage in Toronto and that they could not access El Al lost baggage system. El Al claims AA is lying as the lost luggage system is an international system, not El Al's. Until they physically have my case in their possession, El Al cannot do or say anything further. And besides being tagged \"Priority,\" they also have me as VIP in their system. I have lost the extra days in Israel. What promised to be a trip of a lifetime has become a nightmare for me. It is ironic that my bag was so handled by American Airlines, compounded by El Al. I only have one word : disgraceful."
"Verified Review | Washington DC to Grand Rapids via Chicago. I had only carry-on bags. They took one of my bags at the ramp. I arrived in Chicago for a layover and asked about my bag. I was told I had to get it in Baggage Claim. The stewardess failed to clarify for me that this wasn't my destination. I went to baggage claim (out of secure area), waited for my bag, didn't find it, then was told it was being automatically transferred. I had to go back, through security. The whole mess took an hour and lots of walking, and of the three agents I talked to, none clarified the crux of the problem - that the stewardess should have asked me about destination. I learned, but AA did not seem to."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Birmingham, AL. I performed a same day reservation change to a later flight in the day. I was charged $75 for the change. I tried to check in online 90 minutes prior to departure three times with no success. I called customer service and asked them for assistance and they said you can only check in online and at the airport. I arrived to the ticket counter 30 minutes prior to my flight and she said this is odd, I can see you are on this flight but there are no seats. I asked how that could be. She even called a coworker over and they said all we can do is put you on standby for the next flight. I was pretty upset and proceeded through security to the gate arriving 15 minutes prior to departure time. I asked the girl at the gate counter why my seat was given away and she called a gentleman over and they whispered as they looked on the screen. She asked him if she should pull \"her\" from the plane. She then closed the door and locked it. He stood there as if I should just walk off gingerly. I debated with him about why their antics were bad business and his only come back was that I should have checked in earlier. I said like 90 minutes earlier like I tried to do. Not everyone can be at the gate 2 hours prior to a flight. This is 2016 - that's what technology is for which American Airlines is obviously struggling with. Not to mention customer service. I called customer service again, this time speaking to an agent who was nice but obviously thought her level of kindness was equaled by my ignorance. She put me on hold for a few minutes after hearing my story and has the audacity to come back and say I got you on the 8:15 flight. I asked the flight I'm already on after getting dumped on by your company? She said it's the least I can do. I said what about a refund or a voucher or waiving the $75 I had to pay for a flight you gave my seat away on which had I known was going to happen would have never changed to? She said I'm afraid I can't do anything sir. This is all comical now but being a business guy I can see huge inefficiencies in operations and customer service. So in all honesty I would not fly American Airlines. I know I won't. There are too many other options - companies who wouldn't treat their customers in this manner."
"Newark to Phoenix with American Airlines.Despite increasing negative reviews about AA we chanced the carrier as last minute plans were made. What an epic disaster. We were scheduled to leave Newark at 1:40. We proceeded to leave the gate some what on time. No sooner were we taxiing back to the gate without an explanation until 20 minutes later when we were told about electronic problem. On our flight which lasted over 7-hours we received a bag of stale mini pretzels. As we approached Phoenix airport we circled for 30 minutes without any updates from the captain. We then began to pick up speed and told we were headed to Palm Springs because there was not enough fuel to continue circling. We finally land at our diversion site in Palm Springs where we proceed to sit on the runway for an hour because there are no AA agents to assist us at a gate. Not once are we offered beverage or snack. After over an hour we finally depart back to Phoenix with again no regular updates from cockpit. Yes, customer service has taken a hit in the industry but AA takes the cake. They should be ashamed of their product. Also, absolutely terrible and spotty wifi. And no inflight entertainment on a cross country flight. 10 + hours later. Disgusting"
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Edinburgh to New JFK. What a thoroughly disappointing experience in a very tired aircraft. No screen in the back of the seats, no choice of movies to watch, one movie the whole trip as the inbound movie wouldn't play and no explanation was given as to why. Food very poor and cramped seats. Staff pretty miserable and scarce on our night flight, poor choice of free drinks and overpriced snacks. Booked the whole trip through British Airways so expected better. What a let down."
"Verified Review | Grand Cayman to Miami with American Airlines. Improvement noted is the first thing I'd like to say. Compared to my previous bad experiences with AA this one seemed better. The cabin crew were friendly, the flight departed on time, the seat was comfortable but the legroom was bad. Short flight across to Miami from Cayman, got biscoff and drinks, which was fair enough. The IFE had good music to keep me tuned for the hour, the staff in Cayman handling the baggage drop-off was too slow and it really defeats the purpose of baggage drop."
"San Francisco to Newport via Philadelphia. Horrible customer service, in fact we were flat out lied to multiple times. Checked in at San Francisco and were not informed that our connecting flight had been overbooked. Rather, we were told that we just didn't have a seat assignment yet and would get one as soon as we checked in at the gate. Once we checked at gate they kept telling us that we would be called up soon, again no mention of flight being overbooked. It was only after they had boarded the plane and I asked agent directly three times if we had a seat on the plane that she said \"doesn't look good\". She then finally admitted that the flight was overbooked. Per their stated overbooking policy, they are supposed to ask for volunteers which never happened. In this case the agents also seemed incompetent at counting because after we continued to complain she went on the plane to look and \"found\" 2 open seats. She then followed behind us screaming \"Run! Run!\" as we walked to board the plane. That part I found especially ridiculous as we had been waiting at the ticket counter for over an hour trying to sort this out and it was the agent who waited until the last minute to be truthful and act. Will avoid American Airlines at all cost in the future."
"Verified Review | Would never book with American Airlines again. Was due to fly from Dallas Fort Worth to Jackson. Two minutes before boarding the plane, the flight was cancelled because a pilot could not be located. During this time the remaining crew was exiting the plane, since the head pilot was MIA. The next flight was completely booked, and my next option was flying out the next morning. Well I needed to be at my destination (hence the reason I booked that date), so I requested a full refund a drove 7 hours to my location. This was my first experience flying and they completely ruined it. I understand flights get cancelled or delayed, but don't they locate other pilots? Boarding time was 4.25, take off was 4.55, they cancelled at 4.23."
"Verified Review | Toronto to Newburgh via Philadelphia with American Airlines. I have flown many times using AA but one common problem is there is always flight delays. I have never gone on a trip where this airline makes it on time. This time going to Newburgh the delay in PHL was couple of hours. Coming back the delay was few hours in Newburgh which would have made me miss my connecting flight to YYZ so I had to sleep a night in Newburgh. In the morning the flight was again delayed so I had to get a later connection in which case my other ticket to Winnipeg was wasted as I missed my flight. I was suppose to come back to Toronto on Wednesday and fly to Winnipeg on Thursday, but because of this delay, I missed the flight. The 2 tickets were bought separately so I could not do anything."
"Phoenix to Redmond/Bend with American Airlines. Just an awful experience. Not sure why I fly this airline. Delayed more than an hour. No real updates. On the flight my tray table was broken, WiFi out of service and awful coffee. And now I sit knowing I'm getting home an hour late or more with work tomorrow."
"Verified Review | During a flight last week from Los Angeles to Boston, the passenger in front of me had a small dog. Instead of putting the dog in its carrier, the woman petted the dog, and passed it back and forth to another passenger across the isle several times during the 5+ hour flight. One of the flight attendants even carried the dog up to the front of the plane so that the other attendants could pet it. The dog was not a service dog. I have severe allergies, I and several other passengers nearby began coughing and sneezing. When I mentioned to FA's that this was against AA's pet policy, they claimed to be unfamiliar with the policy. I have been on many, many flights with dogs and cats, and never once complained. With the exception of service dogs, which laid quietly on the floor, all other pets remained in their cases under the seat. I took allergy medicine and was able to manage my symptoms. This is the only flight I have ever been on where a pet has been allowed to be loose and to be handled in such a way. I contacted Customer Relations, expecting to have them apologize, and received a meaningless, copy-and-paste response. The response does not indicate in any way that they understand the issue, recognize that their own policies were not followed, or have any intention of addressing the situation in any way. I tried calling customer service, but got referred back to Customer Relations, who can’t be bothered to provide a phone number. I contacted them over Twitter, but only got a token response. In the absence of other avenues, I reached out directly to the Director of Customer Relations but only received a voicemail back from a lower-level agent, who did not leave a call-back number."
"Verified Review | I made the mistake of flying American Airlines instead of Southwest. I flew from Cincinatti to Dallas DFW (flight 5900) with a connecting flight to San Antonio. The weather was beautiful that day but for some reason our flight was delayed nearly 2 hours in Cincinnati. This delay resulted in many individuals missing their connecting flights. I missed mine but was one of the lucky ones to get on the last flight out of DFW. Others had to spend the night in Dallas. I was not impressed with the lack of urgency or concern for customers. One of the flight attendants actually told one of the patrons she should have made back up plans to get to get to Tulsa. Another individual gave up an earlier over booked flight to miss his connection. The entire experience was horrible."
"Tampa to Grenada via Miami. Traveling on American Airlines is terrible. They have an app that allows you to check-in before you get to the airport. We did this, but when we went to drop off our bags, they sent us to one of about 30 kiosks with poorly written software that wasted 20 minutes of our time just to print out a bag tag. You then have to walk up to a clerk who then weighs your bag, checks your ticket and ID all over again. Why do we have to do the same exact thing twice? Total waste of time. Once we were on the plane, we were excited to see that there were TVs with movies, tv shows, etc available. However, the pilot and attendants interrupt the screens whenever they speak over the microphone, and they play through your headphones at inexcusable volume. Each time they came over the loudspeaker, you could look around and everyone was ripping their earphones out of their ears. This was at least twice an hour on a 3 hour flight. On the 3 hour flight, you can have 1 drink but no snacks are provided. I know that flying isn't luxurious in economy class, but they make everything more annoying and complicated than needed. They have a video they play in the beginning of your flight that says \"we know you have a choice when you fly, so thank you for flying American Airlines\". I actually didn't have a choice, and if they are my only option ever again, I'll skip the trip."
"Verified Review | Miami to Monterrey. After living 8-years overseas in Europe and Latin America, it is such a terrible shock coming back to the \"joy\" of US flagship airlines. Realistically, there aren't any that compare to most serious international carriers. In the US, we have come to accept incredibly poor service as adequate. That said, American seems to find new and creative ways to disappoint and underperform. Whether it is customer service, aircraft maintenance, or just about any other aspect. They just cannot seem to get it right. Do they try to be this bad? Or are employees so disgruntled that they have stopped caring at all?!"
"Trying to get to Denver today. I am holding a ticket for a Charlotte to Denver flight, connecting thru Phoenix. I get to the airport 3 hours prior to departure and attempt to get on a direct flight to Denver (standby) which has open seats only to be told that \"American's Policies don't allow me to fly stand by\". Makes a lot of sense, the diecty flight has open seats and American could possibly use my original seat (thru Phoenix) in case of an over booking. Status is out the door."
"Vancouver to Cabo San Lucas via Phoenix. My wife and our 1 year old daughter flew from Vancouver BC to Phoenix and then to Cabo Mexico. Round trip, we had 4 flights on this airline. Not once did they call families with young children to board first. We were in group 4 everytime because we were unable to check in online since we were travelling with an infant. Therefore we had to board last and bother everyone as we tried to settle in with our baby. Both connecting flights out of Phoenix were delayed. One for 30 minutes, the other for over an hour. Our flight home from Phoenix was delayed even longer due to a computer issue with the tower. During this time, NO flight attendant offered us water or anything to help with our baby. The cabin was very stuffy and hot and uncomfortable, and no one came by our row to help make things easier for us. The flight attendants were short with us and were bitchy towards each other, complaining about days off etc. I understand that some things are uncontrollable while traveling, but the staff should be trained better to deal with these situations. We don't plan on travelling with American Airlines ever again!"
"From the time I go online to make a reservation to the time the flight is over, the entire experience is terrible. I try to fly just 2 airlines to maximize acquiring miles/points for upgrades, and the other airline, which I thought was lacking, is far superior to American Airlines. The route timings, fares, equipment, in-flight service - everything is sub-standard and makes traveling more burdensome than it has to be. On this last flight to/from Cap Haitien, Haiti, my entertainment did not function! It is always something with AA."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Boston. Was very unhappy with the way my luggage was handled. This was a full flight and they were asking passengers from groups 3 and 4 to check their bags. That overhead bins were full and all luggage of groups 3 and 4 must be checked. As group 2 I expected to be fine but had my luggage taken away from me at the gate. As I proceeded to board I saw that there was plenty of overhead space for my luggage which was now checked. My designated seat bin was completely empty and I am very unhappy with being forced to check my bag when there was still room for it. And I was not even in the group that was said to need to check their bags."
"I booked a flight from Salt Lake City to Long Beach with one stop in Phoenix before getting home. I received a call from American Airlines Customer Service advising me the plane to Long Beach was canceled until tomorrow morning, but would comp my hotel, taxi, dinner and breakfast for the inconvenience. I get to Phoenix and the CSR can't give me anything and has no idea what I'm taking about. Now they are saying they cant help me. My 70 year old mother in law slept in a airport terminal for over 10 hours with nothing because she thought she was going to be taken care of. American Airlines is a bunch of crooks."
"On September 30th my husband and I were flying from St Thomas USVI to Miami. During this flight we were stuck on the tarmac until 8pm due to weather. The pilot on that flight assured us all flights were delayed due to lightning. Once we deplaned we realized our connecting flight departure to Detroit was delayed but only by 20 minutes. We rushed to our connecting flight’s gate and arrived to see it still at the gate but the ticket agent told us the doors were closed and we could not board. We were to go to an area within the airport to re-book our flight home. That was when I noticed on the screen at the ticket counter a list of people requesting upgrades to first class. At least 2 names had checks next to them on the screen, which meant our first class tickets had been sold even though we were checked in all the way through to our final destination and delayed only due to weather. During the re-booking process we were told we could not fly out until the following day and those flights, yes multiple stops to get home, would not be first class as we had paid for on our original flight. We were told Customer Service would contact us within 2 – 3 business days to resolve the issue. As of today, October 19, 2016 we still have not received a phone call. I called back to speak with Customer Service and was told I could not call them directly I would have to await a call back. The problem was not that we were unable to fly first class - the problem is that we paid for first class, our seats were sold to other travelers and we were not offered a credit or reimbursement for the difference. As a matter of fact, we were never contacted at all."
"Verified Review | Lawton, Oklahoma to Detroit, Michigan via DFW. American Airlines always has an excuse, always has maintenance issues and never comps their passengers for delayed, cancelled, or rerouted planes. We not only sat in the airport for 5 hours, with no vending machines, no food options, and a city that wouldn't even deliver food to the airport, but was treated very rudely because we ask questions about the flight. This airline needs to be shut down until they get their issues corrected! This is absolutely ridiculous, every time we fly American Airlines."
"Verified Review | My flight from the Cayman islands to New York flew via Charlotte was cancelled in Charlotte. I was offered no assistance or direction in finding accommodation for the night; no food, no entertainment and absolutely nowhere to sleep. That was frustrating, but not the end of the world. Next is what continues to frustrate me. American Airlines lost my luggage for the entire week I spent in New York - it was not until I got back to England that i received my bag. I had to call every night I was there to get any information on the current status of my bag, which was mostly mixed advice and nobody with any idea what was going on. Now, 2 months later I find myself having to call them every week to get anything done. I sent them all the receipts from my purchases. A month following this they agree to pay, it's been another month and they continue to spell my email address wrong, lose most of my correspondence and never do anything without a call. The amount of time I have spent on hold with AA could be measured in days. They are very openly making it as difficult as possible for me to get my money back in the hope I will give up. I have never had such a drawn out and consistently awful experience. I don't think anyone reads anything I send before they reply with something generic and unhelpful, then I call and have to guide them through their own job. As soon as I hang up they ignore me and my case once more. Don't risk flying with them, they don't care about their customers or reputation anymore."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Miami. I am writing this message at the end of my 3rd straight failed flight attempt with American. Hopefully American learn something from my poor experience and use that to create a better experience for the next guy. On Tuesday 4 October I knew the flight I was originally on for Thursday 6 October was going to get screwed up due to the impending hurricane so I tried to be proactive and call American. I was charged ~$720 to change the flight to Wednesday 5 October. My friend who was also on that same flight, waited until hours later to change his flight. Since a weather alert was issued, he was charged $0 to change his flight. Now you would think that American would be happy that I was proactive and allowed them to be organized, but when I called in and asked for a refund since I thought it was ridiculous that I was charged ~$720 for being proactive, my request naturally was rejected. On Monday 10 October I was booked on flight AA68 leaving at 10:30am. The flight was delayed because there was an oil leak. The original flight was postponed to Tuesday 11 October, however we offered a free transfer to a different flight taking off at 3 pm (4.5 hours later). As a reparation, we were offered food that had already been expired (see picture 1). Finally after boarding the flight, I was given a seat with a defective television screen so I had to stare at a screen with inverted colors while the rest of my flight was able to enjoy a movie. Fortunately, this gave me plenty of time to think about what an awful job American has done on my last 3 flights. American Airlines has just come off of a record year making $7.6 billion dollars. The last two times I've worked with American I gave them roughly $2,000 worth of business. Everything that could have gone wrong, went wrong. Every single flight was delayed, I was fed expired food, I was charged over $700 to change a flight before a natural disaster that you allowed other clients to change for free. The behavior of American has been completely unacceptable."
"Norfolk to Orlando. My husband and I booked American through Cheap Flights.com and I have never regretted a reservation like I have this one. First, on our flight to Florida, we had to cancel and rebook our flight on the day of FIVE times. We were never notified that our original flight was cancelled, and even once we signed up for alerts, no one ever called me to rebook flights. We finally got a flight out as we were dropping off friends at the airport and checked with the American ticketer, for a flight an hour from that time. Thankfully, our family was able to bring our packed luggage but we had to undo cancellations for our hotel, find a completely different car rental, and did not arrive in Florida until 1 AM. That, however, pales in comparison to today. We got up at 3 for our 5.15 flight, only to find at the airport that flight had been \"cancelled\" and we were moved to a 6.35 flight, with unassigned seats and are currently waiting assignment. This is so unacceptable and unprofessional, I am at a loss for words. The individuals who work here are wonderful, but the company is terrible. This is a deplorable excuse for customer service and I will be filing a complaint with the company for their subpar \"commitment\" to their customers."
"Verified Review | Boeing 767-300 from London to Chicago, the first and probably last transatlantic flight with the. We chose the flight as it arrived in O'hare the earliest and suited our itinerary - bad choice. Equipment was a very dated 767-300. Tired, dated cabin, no back of seat Avod entertainment, overhead video screens - no choice you either watch the rubbish on that, read or watch your iPad - no wireless either so you can't utilise inflight Gogo even if you did no inseat power. Even the staff know the plane is dated. Breakfast awful and some 4 hrs into the flight still no further trolley service - in fact only saw staff was when the fasten seat belt light came on and they had to check seat belts were fastened. This continued with a portion of ice cream and glass of water at 4 hrs into flight. No drinks service, no further food, no snacks until 7.5 hrs into the flight when you are served or I should say passed a Monty's hot box that purports to be grilled cheese and danish - but is in fact inedible. Longest 9 hrs of my life even flying Transatlantic on a 757 with United had more choice and better service and that's saying something. American Airlines don't care for their customers and it shows - the product is a total joke."
"Return fights booked by Travel Agent with British Airways - operated by Aer Lingus Cork to Heathrow and then American Airlines direct from Heathrow to Raleigh Durham, NC. Told by AA staff at Heathrow that direct flight cancelled. Re-routed to JFK followed by 5 hour wait for connecting flight to Raleigh. No apology from AA. Explained I had twisted my ankle at Cork Airport and asked if we could have comfortable seats (accompanying my 84 year old mother). The lady responded by booking us into the last row (40) on the plane next to the toilets! We had paid €2,000 for our flights. Food horrendous and inedible. Will never travel with American Airlines or British Airways long haul again."
"Worst travel experience of my life. After a connecting flight from Birmingham, Alabama to Miami we waited for 10 hours to be told that our flight to Brazil was being cancelled due to \"pilot fatigue\". American never offered to put us in a hotel even though it was Wednesday and there were no flights out until Friday afternoon. After making it to Brazil and having a very nice trip we make it back to the airport only to find that all flights have been cancelled. We spend one more night in Brazil and go back to the airport the next day to find that there is no scheduled flight back. They have been nothing but dishonest. Very disappointed. We will never be flying with them again."
"When we booked our flights several months ago there was not a direct flight from Charlotte to Albany so we booked via Chicago, recognizing how circuitous and inconvenient it would be. When we arrived at the Charlotte airport for our flight home to Albany we noticed that there was a direct flight to Albany and were told that there were many seats available. We asked if we could be out I that flight but at every turn were told that it was against company policy and that such a change would cost $200 each. We realize what \"the policy\" is but were hoping in a rationale, customer focused world we could get on a flight with vacancies that was going directly to Albany rather than having to fly halfway across the country only to return to the east coast. Of course the rationale is that the direct flight \"might\" have cost less than the flight we booked. When I asked for a comparison of the costs of the 2 flights at the time we booked it the airline said there was no way they could tell. Even though many airlines look for every conceivable angle to make money off their customers it's a shame that American assumes the same pecuniary motives from their customers. And so a flight to Albany with plenty of empty seats will leave soon. We won't be on it. But we will be on the flight leaving at a nearby gate to Chicago and once there we will hop a flight to Albany. Bureaucratic policies which focus solely on the bottom line rather than on the customer ultimately will damage the bottom line. Next time we will go through great lengths to fly Southwest where the customer and their free baggage are still held in esteem."
"Tampa to Washington DC. I always fancied myself a pretty savvy guy, but an American Airlines customer service rep just bamboozled me good. I just called to change a ticket because I couldn't reach the airport (there's a hurricane between here and Tampa). They charged me $157 for the \"difference\" in ticket costs, plus a $200 fee for changing the ticket. On a hunch I just checked their website. I could have bought a one way ticket on the same flight for almost half a much as they just charged me. Don't believe a word their reps say. They are out to fleece you, not help you."
"Verified Review | Reno to Chicago via Phoenix with American Airlines. PHX-ORD, in First (upgrade due to Platinum status) and Economy, PHX-ORD. Both flights were former US services. Self service kiosks and bag drop fast and hassle free. TSA in RNO fast, friendly and efficient. Boarding at RNO was fast and orderly. Short PHX-LAS hop on an A319 in First with beverage service only, due to the short duration of the flight and adequate. Boarding in PHX was less organized and slightly chaotic as different gate attendants were giving contradicting boarding instructions. Seats on the PHX-ORD leg (A321) were comfortable for Economy and leg room excellent due to exit row seat. This time only one beverage service on this 3+ hour flight. As per usual alcohol and snacks for sale, but items on sale did not look appealing and rather overpriced. FA’s not unprofessional, but uninterested and service obviously limited to the absolute minimum required; quite a different experience to last month’s flight ORD-PHX with a much better crew. No IFE available, but not an issue for this flight duration. On time arrival in ORD, but after a long walk to baggage claim, some additional wait for the bags to arrive. However, overall waiting time was still on the acceptable side. Priority bags came out whenever and my second bag was one of last to arrive. I was actually already thinking that it did not make it to ORD. Flights on time and no drama so that was good, but a distinctly average experience overall."
"Chicago to Manchester with American Airlines. Worst flight ever. Route was and is advertised with personal entertainment system choice of movies etc. Plane advertised as 787. Instead what we got was a 30 year old 767 that still had its original interior. 6 screens on the centre ceiling that you needed binoculars to see. The seats were very uncomfortable as they were the same age as the aircraft. I asked the staff if the plane was a joke, he said it was a last resort plane as they had technical issues with the Dreamliner, which I since found out was untrue. According to AA customer service the flight was changed several weeks earlier and is still being used to date as they said in their words \"we used this aircraft because it was more profitable\". The fact that it is advertised with all the mod cons did not concern them at all. The magazine in the seat pocket was all stuck together and some of them were totally in Spanish. The movie was a Disney movie and the people who made the outbound journey on this flight said the movie was in Spanish and could not be changed. The flight was unable to carry any duty free items as they didn't have anywhere to store it. AA customer service offered us a voucher for $100 off our next flight but like I told them \"Why would we ever fly with them again on a 30 year old aircraft when there are far superior carriers out there that actually give you what you pay for?\" Will never fly this airline again, which is a shame as it was the first time with AA and we were so looking forward to it."
"San Francisco to Minneapolis with American Airlines. I was placed on standby for a flight I had already paid for and as I was unable to get a seat I missed an important work function. This was only the beginning. There were no other flights going out that day. I called American Airlines in the hope of resolving this issue and figure out the next available time in which I could get to my destination. I sat on hold for 40 min and less than a minute into the conversation the call was disconnected. They made no attempt to reconnect with me. Consequently I was forced to call back. Sat on hold for another 40 plus mins. The representative did nothing in order to help me resolve this issue. Her solution was for me to purchase another ticket. This did not seem to be a customer friendly solution. As a last resort to find a mutually beneficial and reasonable solution to my situation I asked to speak with the manager. The manager refused to speak with me. I was under the impression that as a manager one of your responsibilities is to ensure there customers are happy. Or at very least take the time out to speak with the customer whom you are providing a service for."
"If you are flying somewhere with connecting flights, this is not the airline for you. I paid $525 dollars to get from Gainesville, Florida to Maruqette, Michigan. I got delayed in Charlotte two times to Chicago and then both flights got cancelled. I ended up getting to Chicago past midnight where I had to sit in the airport until 3 AM where I asked to speak to a supervisor. It took her over ten minutes to come in which she proceeded to stand over in a corner and stare at everyone until one of the customer service representatives had to go remind her that I was waiting for her. When she comes over and I tell her what's going on, she denies me assistance because \"she can only help me if one of the customer assistance ladies can't help me.\" Then she rudely told me, \"I'm going to direct you to the line behind you to speak to a customer representative.\" After walking into the line and waiting I was speaking to the lady about rebooking my flight to Marquette. Marquette was full that day and I would have been number 13 on standby. So my options were either take a plane to Greenbay (which is 3 hours from Marquette) or wait another 36 hours in an airport to fly to Marquette. Obviously my hands were tied and I chose to go to Greenbay. I was put on standby for an 8:40 AM flight and confirmed on a flight at noon. I sat in the airport until 8 and by this point I had been up over 24 hours. The flight at 8:40 was a bit delayed, and I waited until almost everyone boarded before approaching the boarding assistant and asking them if there were any seats available for people on standby. She asked for my name, I gave it to her, and she told me I wasn't on the standby list. I showed her my ticket proving I was and she denied still that I was on the standby list. She then proceeded to ignore me for a few minutes before closing the flight, telling me she can't help me, and walked away. I needed to get on that flight because I had no way of getting from Marquette to Greenbay except for a friend who could pick me up if I had gotten on the earlier flight. I end up going up to some other people who worked at American Airlines and asked for a supervisor. They asked what the problem was and I told them. They kept telling me I wasn't on the standby list and there was nothing they could do. They ended up telling me to \"go away because there's nothing they can do to help me.\" When I finally got to speak to a supervisor, she told me I ended up getting confirmed on the 8:40 flight and there was no way for me to know. This means that their worker neglected to check if I was confirmed and forced me to miss my flight for no reason other than pure laziness. When I finally get to Greenbay, I ask the supervisor there to get me to Marquette somehow. He just shrugged and told me \"he can't help me because I said it was okay for them to get me to Greenbay.\" My hands were tied, I had no choice. I ended up having to rend a car for $200 and driving 3 hours sleep deprived to finally get to my destination. So while I had to pay $525 for my ticket, I ended up having to pay a total of $725 just to get to my destination. This airline does not care about their customers and will do as least as possible for you. I spoke to four different supervisors at three different airports and only one was kind and tried to help me. Do not fly this airline if you can help it because I never will again."
"Dallas DFW to Las Vegas with American Airlines. My flight was delayed 4 different times changing my arrival time drastically which is the most important part of my trip due to personal reasons and is the only reason I choose this flight. I was also forced to check my bag at gate due to the fact they ran out of overhead space within the first 2 boarding groups. Over all extremely displeased with this airline and will not be returning."
"Baltimore to Buffalo via Philadelphia. Flight arrived 1h 30min late at Philadelphia. Lost the connection (last flight at 8pm). American Airlines proposed next flight at 7 am next morning. Arrived to the airport at 5:30am and flight cancelled without any explanation! Customer assistance not able to propose another flight (no seat available) to Buffalo, Toronto or Rochester. Business class tickets (quite expensive) for nothing and an important meeting missed at Buffalo. Thank you American Airlines!"
"Tampa to Lynchburg via Charlotte with American Airlines. Flight was cancelled twice due to maintenance issues (over-fueling). Poor costumer service representatives - they were degrading and rude. Overall the sardine can of a plane was uncomfortable. On the positive side, they did provide us with a hotel for the cancellation, but no meal vouchers. Not impressed. Will not be flying AA again."
"San Diego to Tampa via Dallas. The crew in Dallas were the only redeeming factor. Flight from San Diego delayed/cancelled leaving at least 100 people to miss their connecting flights in Dallas. It happens. AA Airport staff were rude beyond anything I have ever seen (we re-routed by phone instead of waiting on line for 2 hours, and were successful on 3rd call. First two in essence sad sorry about your luck). It took us 21 hrs to return from San Diego to Tampa. An AA employee told a couple in a very annoyed voice \"Sir, I just came over here to get away from those people and their endless questions. Why don't you come back in ten minutes\". All of the passengers from that flight had already waited patiently for two hours without a word from AA staff. When we finally got a flight to Dallas (not final destination) the cabin crew was clearly not getting along. The young male actually stated about an older stewardess in an annoyed voice (while serving drinks/snacks) \"She is clearly senile\". I was traveling on corporate business. I am no stranger to customer service. This was the worst I have ever seen, and that includes the \"customer service agent\" on site in San Diego. I am not usually this harsh, but wow. In contrast, this mornings (9/24) 7 am flight from Dallas to Tampa had an excellent pilot and crew as well as ground staff for what they have to work with - old planes, antiquated amenities. I must also give a nod to staff on the phone customer service for his pleasant nature and helpfulness. Unfortunately, there does not seem to be enough staff at any counters, which makes it difficult for your good employees to overcome the behavior of those who need to find their bliss elsewhere as working with the public is not their niche."
"Verified Review |Lisbon to Philadelphia. The flight was normal, the crew was nice, food aplenty, and the plane was clean despite being a bit old. The crew cleared the rubbish quite often. What really turned me off was the lack of individual IFE screens - especially for a transatlantic flight of over 7 hours. Last time I had experienced that was some 10 years ago! It's time to update, AA!"
"Verified Review | The service didn't exist. The plane wasn't stocked for refreshment on its way out like it was supposed to be. The crew didn't want to see or talk to their customers and that includes the pilots. The airports were very inefficient. They did have Wi-fi that was positive but not much positive other than that. I expected much better from American Airlines. I will never make the mistake of flying them again. Lots of luggage confusion, no help except from one baggage handler in Philly and one airport staff member in Charlotte. The airline looks to be very poorly run and organized."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Orange County. I fly every week for work and I have found that American Airlines is by far the worst airline. Not only is their staff extremely rude but they have delays almost every time I fly. They are inconsistent with policies and constantly give me different information when I call in. It has become such a hassle that I have started taking more expensive or longer flights to avoid using them. Today was the last straw in Chicago O'Hare when customer service was over the top rude. I am 100% all for Delta."
"Flew from Manchester to JFK. The aircraft should have been a 757 but after a delay was changed to a 727. The 757 has seating of 2-3-2 so when changed to a 737 with seating of 3-3 there were not enough seats. The cabin crew were barely polite and you knew they were just going through the motions doing the bare minimum that they had to. After the plane began taxiing the Captain reported that there was a fault with the flaps and would have to return to base where we had to sit on the plane for 2 hours (during which the crew came round with water for the passengers) while they determined that it was an instrument problem and not a physical problem with the flaps so after 3.5 hours delay we managed to take off. As stated before the staff were not exactly rude, just not pleasant and did the bare minimum they had to. The inflight entertainment is non-existant as neither the 737 outbound or the 757 inbound have seat back screens, just the aisle screens which give no choices and showed terrible entertainment. AA must have some of the oldest aircraft in service. I think British Airways have made a terrible mistake teaming up with American Airlines as they certainly do not provide the level of service BA have previously provided. I will not be using American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | I couldn't just watch a movie on flight AA104 from New York JFK to London Heathrow, the state of the art in-flight entertainment system did not even have the ability to just play a movie. 'Next show in 25 minutes'. This all occurred on a very dated plane which was changed at last minute we were told by the unpleasant staff at JFK. That meant that the seats we had selected when we checked in online had been given to someone else and we had been assigned seats in the middle row. Tried to change the seats at the gate before boarding as we were instructed to do so by the airline staff upon checking in our bags but dealing with the ground staff at Gate 14 Terminal 8 in JFK was an absolutely shocking experience. The most horrendous level of customer service I have experienced from an airline or any company for that matter! My husband and I will not be flying with American Airlines ever again!"
"San Jose (Costa Rica) to Madrid via Miami and Philadelphia with American Airlines. We have been travelling around the world for over a year and we have taken many different companies. But for an international carrier AA have got to be one of the poorest. Maybe we have been spoilt and if you were to ask me what the main issue was I couldn't point it out. All our flights were on time and our connections were made which was good but I felt the service was just lacking, especially when compared to other international carriers. And it's the little things that I remember. No ear plugs or eye masks, paying $8 for a whisky, typical American advertising over the PA for a credit card. Again, nothing major but just detracted from the whole expereince."
"Washington to Miami. Awful customer service at the check-in point!! We were the first to arrive to the line, we wanted to talk to a person in the counter to let them know we needed someone to escort my grandma and they were terrible. We had to do everything by ourselves, no one gave us directions and the staff were not helpful at all and were very impolite every time we tried to approach them. I'll never fly with them again. Low cost companies would even have better service."
"Verified Review | I was flying from Providence via Chicago to Flint. The flight out of PVD was delayed a few minutes, and we landed at ORD just a few minutes late. However, AA had no gates available and we pulled to the side of the runway and with the engines off waited over an hour before we were brought to a gate to de-plane. I then missed my connecting flight to FNT. The gate agent sent me out to the ticket counter (it's now 10:00pm) and after waiting nearly 2 hours on line, I was told there were no more flights to FNT today, that the following day was all booked, and that maybe they could get me out 2 days later, maybe to another airport like Midland-Bay City, or Grand Rapids or something. No hotel voucher, no meal voucher, no rebooking, no accommodation, nothing at all: simply put, I was abandoned in mid-journey. They failed to take me to my destination, failed to offer anything and would not issue a refund of any kind, claiming this was a \"weather related\" issue and blame the air traffic controllers. Never again will I fly these losers."
"I purchased tickets months in advance for my partner and I to fly from Tampa to Albany. Both of us were seated together and I checked in right on time. We did not have seats reserved anymore and were seated away from each other on the first flight, and my partner didn't have a seat assigned at all on the second one. I had no choice but to spend $70 just for us to both have seats, when I already paid near $600 for the flights. Will never fly American again. Stick to Delta, I have never had my seats taken away when I checked in 24 hours in advance, ever."
"Verified Review | Miami to Denver. Poor customer experience and interactions at gate. I travel extensively and pride myself on packing to never check baggage. I have used same baggage on majority of my flights to include same size American plane from Denver to Miami that I am now returning on. Gentleman at gate picked people to check their bag and there was no consistency. He was rude and was a poor representative for the Airlines."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to St Thomas via Charlotte with American Airlines. We had never taken any flights with AA before so we didn't know what to expect. Our flight was scheduled to leave BWI at 8:45am. We arrived at the airport at 6:45am. We boarded our plane at about 8:30 am, we then sat for 2 hours before we were told that we had missed our connecting flight from CLT to St Thomas and there were no more flights leaving and we would have to stay the night. Now this was a problem because we had a nonrefundable reservation at our hotel so we were going to lose a day of our vacation. Eventually, after calling customer service from the plane. We were booked on another flight leaving from Washington DC to Miami. So we get off the plane and take a $100 cab ride for a flight scheduled to leave Dulles at 12:45pm. We get there at about 12:15pm, go through security again, and make it the plane, only to sit on this plane for another 2 hours. Finally we leave and fly to Miami for a flight scheduled to leave a 5:55pm. We're sitting in the airport for 45 minutes and 10 minutes before the flight time they tell us to go to another gate which is in a total different wing of the terminal. So we run to the gate only to find out our 5:55pm flight is delayed. An hour later we board only to sit on yet another plane for almost 2 hours. We made it to St Thomas at 10:30pm. We were originally scheduled to arrive there at 3:30pm. So here we are 16 hours later, and have missed a half a day of our vacation, and AA thinks that was ok. The only thing they could say was oh well, you took the flight, you got there. Our return from St Thomas back home was about the same. Sitting in airports at the wrong gates and delayed flights. In my over 20 years of traveling I have never seen anything like that. This was by far the worst travel experience I've had."
"My husband and I were on a quick trip to Syracuse. His grandmother was in poor health and given weeks left. We flew in on a Friday evening without incident with a return flight beginning on Sunday afternoon from Syracuse to Philadelphia to Wilmington NC. We were left a message at 1145pm on Saturday night that our flight was cancelled. Luckily, we had been up to receive the message and called back 15 minutes later. The American Airlines representative my husband talked to looked for another flight out of Syracuse for about 15 seconds, told him there were none and insisted that we had to drive to Buffalo or Albany if we wanted to fly out Sunday. We were given no explanation for the cancelled flight and the representative refused to look again for any flights out of Syracuse unless we went out Monday instead. So we inquired about a Rochester flight which was our closest option and booked one. Having jobs we had to get back to. My father in law drove us to and from Rochester. Then our flight was delayed because of weather. I understand some things are out of people's control, buy this is the 3rd time we have experienced our flight through Philadelphia being cancelled, being called very late, and having to inconvenience family members. No more quick weekend trips for us."
"Verified Review | Lebanon to Washington National via Boston with American Airlines. Layover in Boston required a second trip through TSA. AA has hired an outside company to measure carry on bags to very strict dimensions. A bag I've carried on for 5 years had to be checked for an additional $25 fee. Had no option but to pay. This is extortion plain and simple. No warnings at all prior to the flight. They are surely making a pretty penny off people who are silly enough to fly with them. Who knows what they'll come up with next to gain more from customers they clearly have no respect for."
"New York to Bangor via Philadelphia. A long weekend getaway shortened by delay and cancellations by American Airlines without explanation or customer support. First day of travel, flights were cancelled and rebooked for a morning flight the following day. This meant a first night hotel reservation was unable to be refunded. It also meant the cost of three taxi rides to and from airport d/t the cancellation and then again the following day. Day 2 early morning flight once again, both initial flight and connecting flight, now wasting a full vacation day. Return flight was a repeat of the departure experience with a delay of the initial flight, hourly delays with the connecting flight, and yet another cancellation. Repeated calls to American Airlines, over four weeks, means being transferred to yet another number, only to be told to go online and request refunds, etc. There will be no response to emails. In other words, the phone numbers for customer service serve only as a complaint department to shuffle the customer around only for you to have ones frustration and dissatisfaction grow. Seriously folks, can any of the \"economy\" airlines be worse?"
"Charlotte to New Orleans connecting flight cancelled due to \"air traffic\" although no weather issues were evident in Charlotte and flight from Toronto, though delayed, arrived in time for connection. No further flights that evening - I had to overnight in Charlotte. American Airlines claimed no responsibility because of weather, hotel costs were mine. Airline would not put me on its first flight to New Orleans the next morning, nor reimburse cost of the ticket, nor transfer me to another airline, nor deliver checked bag for the night. Avoid this airline."
"Flew from NYC to Rome toward the end of August, 2016. The flight was delayed by almost 2 hours, because the plane was warm and needed to be cooled down, which was supposed to take a \"few minutes\", but took over an hour to begin boarding. The on-plane service was good, the staff friendly and professional and the food was surprisingly very good. The plane was old, with no charging stations or personal entertainment system at individual seats (and I wouldn't call a hanging aisle TV, set at mute, playing some random old movies any kind of entertainment). However, what made the flight especially bad for me was the seat. I had an aisle seat, which I generally like, but the aisle armrest was of the type that couldn't be lifted and the entire flight its corner was constantly eating into my leg. It was 8+ hours of suffering, in a plane which was insufficiently cool. The flight cost just over $500 one way and I think that's a little too much for an old plane with uncomfortable seats and no technology whatsoever. For a no frills plane, the cost should have been no more than $400-450 one way, even during high season."
"Had to fly to Honolulu for a business trip and usually have to layover in Dallas. Since I had an early morning flight, the first leg of the journey was fine. The second leg of the journey was not as bad as previous experiences with American but the service was deplorable. The flight attendants don't seem to care about providing a sufficient level of service for those of us paying for their benefits. During the 7 hour flight from Dallas to Honolulu, the flight attendants walk the aisles maybe 3 times. If they pass you the first time, you will just have to wait until the second round."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Las Vegas. 8 hours delay. Supposedly due to weather, however, we soon learned that the weather delay were the day before and they didn't manage to recover because the plane we were supposed to take was there at the gate but it was a former US Airways plane and they needed therefore a former US Airways crew (stationed in Phoenix), and couldn't do with an American Airlines crew stationed in Dallas. Talk about the benefit of a merger. More than a weather delay, it was a blatant organizational failure. After 5 hours of delay, we were offered the famous airport sandwich, but that's insulting for other sandwiches to call it that. In Aug 16 we took 4 flights with American, for a total of 11 hours delay. It costed us money and precious time. I had to exchange the like of 10 e-mails with the customer service in order to get a proper document regarding the delay to provide to our insurance. This airline fails almost everywhere. I live in Asia and the most obscure national carrier or low cost airlines still manage to do better."
"Denver to Atlanta. I run a nonprofit outreach service. Today I was flying a girl to treatment, which we do all the time. As we usually do we tell them to call us when they get to the airport and we will pay their baggage fee over the phone. Suddenly AA is no longer taking baggage fees over the phone nor online, it's cash at the counter only. The girl had no money, and as a nonprofit I do not have the ability to send her money via western union. I called AA and asked them what they suggest I do to get the girls bags on the plane so she can go, they said it wasn't their problem and hung up. Real professional service there. Of the hundreds of flights we book Every year, I can promise they will never be on this airline again."
"Boise to Northwest Arkansas via Dallas Ft Worth. Round trip flight with four legs, first was late, second was canceled twice on two different days, third on time, fourth was late. The canceled flights was the worst. We started late, sat on the tarmac for one hour and returned to the gate. This was weather related and I am ok with that. As soon as we got inside the terminal they announced that the flight was canceled. They also would not give us our luggage, including gate checked luggage, which for us was a wheelchair. Fortunately one of the gate crew retrieved the wheelchair for us. Otherwise it would have been an even greater disaster. When we asked for our luggage they told us it would be at XNA when we got there. When we asked about lodging and meals we were informed that they have no obligation to provide that for weather related issues. When asked about future flights we were told the first available seats were for 8:00 PM the next day. In about an hour the plane left with our luggage for another itinerary. So much for weather related cancellation. They canceled us so they could use that plane for a more profitable flight. That to me that quit being a weather related issue and became a business issue. They did book us on a flight for the next morning. (so much for no seats until 8 PM) When we arrived at the airport that flight had been canceled also. I didn't hear the reason as we were scrambling to get a car to drive up. When we got there our luggage was waiting for us as evidenced by the computer showing it there and the agent being able to deliver it to us and confirm delivery on her computer. Unknown to us, they canceled our return flights the next day. Probably because we never made the second leg of our itinerary. They obviously knew we made it there because we picked up our luggage. I suppose their computers aren't capable of talking to each other. I didn't find out our reservations had been canceled until a week later when I tried to check in and they couldn't find us. I called their help desk and was told the flight from DFW to BOI was fully booked, then after further research they restored all our reservation except for our seats. When I logged in to chose our seats I found quite a few available on both flights, the only downside was that I had to pay an extra $170 because these were considered premium seats, even though two were center seats. Bottom line, avoid American Airlines if at all possible. They have the worst customer service and their integrity is lacking when they cancel you for weather issues and fly about an hour later with other passengers."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Tokyo Haneda. American Airlines had my flight schedule from Denver to LA at 8:25am and give me a layover of 8.5 hours at LA to Tokyo which I do not understand why, why give me a flight that connects to another flight that are so far apart. On top of that they delayed the flight from 6:35pm to 10pm and give us no legitimate reason on the extra delay. I could have worked the day and gone on a later flight to connect at LA then head to Tokyo, but I have to be stuck at the airport for 13.5 hours. Their customer service representatives at LA were rude. A horrible airline, and terrible customer service. I don't not recommend anyone taking this airline anywhere - just expect delays like I did with no help or other flight solutions."
"New York JFK to Manchester. The check in process at JFK was appalling, it took 2 hours to reach a self serve luggage ticket machine, and then had to join another que to reach bag drop, ridiculous! We boarded an old Boeing 767 which only had a small number of Monitors running down the centre of the aircraft. Therefore if you didn't want to watch Captain Marvel, like me, then I'm afraid it was music only, except from 3 messages which I did not appreciate, the messages via the screen was. Let me clarify, I didn't choose American, I would avoid at all costs in future. The reason I was on American is I booked flights via Skyscanner and it was a BA flight with flight share by American - pity, I swear Ryanair or Jet2 have more legroom. Also as I booked late, I hadn't managed to secure a window seat which I always make use of by guess what? yeh looking out of the window, I really don't get people who have window seats and then have the blind down all of the journey - I don't get it! Please will someone explain that one to me, there were 6 people round us with window seats and blinds down, I wanted to ask each one to keep their blind up, but my wife wouldn't let me. Even in the middle seats one has a right to see out of the aircraft, don't they? Anyway, back to American, do yourselves a favour and study Emirates and Singapore for customer satisfaction, you won't go far wrong there. I hope not to fly American again."
"I attempted to purchase priority boarding, so that I had space for carry on. I got online the night before the flight but could not find that option. Called customer service and they advised that the system was having problems and to have the gate agent at time of check in do it for me. Gate agent said he could not do priority boarding, it had to be done online prior to check in. Went through security, called customer service and was advised that once you check in you cannot purchase priority boarding. I subsequently called American customer service again, spoke with four different people two of whom were supposed to be supervisors. All had different answers to why or how to buy priority boarding. Not one of them said the same thing. I spoke with American Airline service center person at Phoenix airport and this lady said she had been with American many years. She advised that American had recently changed many rules and procedures and no one knew what was going on. I will never fly American again, worst service in the business."
"Verified Review | Absolutely no customer service. Flight late to leave Charleston. Was assured by Charleston personnel that I didn't need to change my flight as I would get to Philadelphia in time to connect. Wrong. So my wife and I get to stay in a marginal hotel (at our expense) in Philadelphia while also having to pay for our reserved destination hotel. Hoping the return trip will be better but so far, not. Will not even consider letting me change flights to return earlier. Unfortunately not my first poor experience with American and I usually just go with the flow but felt I needed to write a review mainly because they don't really seem to care. I will do everything I can to avoid American in the future."
"I guess I should start off by saying that this is the first negative review I’ve ever written. I’m normally not one to bash people on the grounds that I like to think the intention is always there, but there is no getting around my last experience with American Airlines. Okay..where do I start. My friends and I are flying from Managua, Nicaragua to Rochester, NY with connecting flights from Managua to Miami, Miami to Charlotte, Charlotte to ROC. Everything is going smoothly up until there is a 30 minute (which turns into an unannounced 50 minute) delay on the Miami to Charlotte flight…which is fine. Delays happen, I get it. However, noticing that we would probably be cutting it close to our next flight, my friend goes to ask if there were other flights we could look into it if we didn't catch it. She starts by saying that we have a connecting flight - until he cuts her off and says “-yeah, you and everyone else.” That was the end of the conversation. I also am not naive to the fact that when people are under stress they can come off as rude, but why work in customer service if you cant handle people? So wheels are down at 10:10 PM in Charlotte and our next flight departs at 10:20 PM - when we get there it’s gone. They could’ve waited 5 minutes if they knew that was the last flight out! Anyway, so we get up to the front desk after an hour wait in customer service and although the lady is very sweet, she has no idea what she's doing. It takes about 40 minutes for her to get us a hotel and book us flight the next day from Charlotte to Chicago, Chicago to ROC. We notice the next morning that there was a direct flight to Buffalo available that we said we’d be willing to fly into, but she didn't even inform us about it. So after we fly into Chicago, we get to the gate just in time to check in - only to find out that we’re not even confirmed for the flight!! The man is rude and not helpful at all; he shoos us away to the customer service phone. Thankfully, I was on standby for that flight and had a back-up flight through United (unlike my friends). So we make the trek over to the United terminal and a lady solved all our problems in about 15 minutes, all while being personable, friendly, and professional. Turns out I wasn’t even confirmed for the United flight, but she made sure I was while also confirming later flights for my friends. So moral of the story, do yourself a favor and never fly American."
"Verified Review | Ft Myers to Dallas with American Airlines. Our flight was delayed an hour and half and we would miss our next connecting flight. There were no other flights that day so they booked flights for us the next day. We were pleasantly surprised that we would be put up in a hotel free of charge for the night until we got to the hotel only to be told that no one had called from the airline to book our room and we were not given the proper documentation to do so. We called the 800 number and were rudely told they did not handle hotel issues over the phone and that we needed to return to the airport. When we got to the airport no one was behind the desk so we paged for an employee to come to the desk twice. We waited for over 30 minutes before a supervisor showed up behind the desk. As we started to talk she hardly made eye contact and rudely told us \"I am off the clock, I can't help you, were closed\" and continued walking out the door. We then called the 800 number again and we talked to a very helpful employee who was able to contact another supervisor who was still at the airport. This supervisor was very nice and fixed our problem right away. She printed off our hotel voucher and even gave us complimentary breakfast for in the morning. Prior to this experience we have always enjoyed flying with AA and were considering becoming Advantage members, but after this experience we will be using a different airline in the future."
"Verified Review | I purchased a ticket for my fiancé to join me in my hometown to go on my niece's first ever camping trip. I was already in town and was going to pick him up late last night so we could drive the 5hrs in the early morning. He waited at the PHX airport last night from 5:30pm until past 10pm (flight originally scheduled to depart at 8:15pm) when he was finally told his flight was rescheduled for the following morning (today). He then went home and back to the airport today for his supposed flight at 10am, which again was cancelled. This has ruined our trip and their online refund tool only accounts for the ticket price not taxes or surcharges, transportation (he took 3 additional Uber's), or our return flight which he will no longer be able to take. We have been looking forward to this trip for months and do not get to see my niece very often, this is devastating for us. My fiancé even took days off work that he will no longer be able to get back. He even called late last night to verify that the flight this morning was scheduled because he could not find it online, the woman who answered was extremely rude and told him it was scheduled, which was not true. This company is constantly a disappointment, where has the customer service gone?"
"Verified Review | I have traveled a great deal during my 46 years, and I've experienced plenty of delays, cancellations, and typical air travel mishaps. However, on a recent flight with American Airlines back from New York we landed at Chicago O'Hare Airport on a bright, sunny Sunday afternoon only to learn that our 11.20 am flight back into Cedar Rapids had been cancelled. When we went to rebooking, we quickly learned there were no available seats to CID until the next day at 10.00 am. Now this is where the frustration kicks in. Rebooking told us to find a gate agent, they would be able to help. We found a gate agent and asked for help. She educated us that rebooking should have sent us to the main ticket desk. So, we went back out through security to the main ticket counter. There we were told we would not receive any compensation for rental car, or hotel. Clearly this was not a weather related issue. I just think when the airlines causes you pain, and it's their fault, they should pay."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Fort Lauderdale via Dallas with American Airlines. This criticism is less about the flight rather the complete lack of service by AA at Seattle Airport. We arrived for our flight home to Florida to find a long, long line of waiting passengers. Eventually a man from American Airlines walked along the line and told us \"All flights out are cancelled due to bad weather in Dallas, wait in line to see what options are available \" After a 3 hour wait (I am 68 years old and with a bad back) where American had 1 staff member working for economy passengers and 5 others that I counted standing around doing nothing we gave up and went to try to find a hotel. Where is the concept or understanding of \"Customer Service\"? Is is completely beyond the ability of American Airlines to get their staff to actually serve their customers or is it that they just don't care about anyone anymore? I despair at how service has deteriorated so badly and I certainly won't fly American again."
"Verified Review | American Airlines overbooked for the leg of my trip from Philadelphia to Chicago, then decided to use a different type of airplane, which apparently required calling in a different crew. As a result I was delayed in Philadelphia for two hours, then held on the runway at Chicago for an hour, which caused me to just miss my connecting flight from Chicago to Oklahoma City. When we finally did arrive at the gate in Chicago, there was no one there to assist me in getting another flight, despite the fact that the delay was due to their decisions and also despite the fact that I was supposed to have wheelchair service at all stops. I also did not have wheelchair service at Philadelphia like I was supposed to. I am disabled and I ended up having to walk the Chicago O'Hare concourse to a different gate I was directed to, only to be told at that gate that they could not help me and I would need to use the rebooking phone to book the remainder of my flight home myself. To top it off, the rebooking phone agent was not able to assist me with hotel or food vouchers, or with information about my bags. For that, I had to stand in the domestic ticketing line for two hours, then I was issued a hotel voucher that ended up being worthless because too many vouchers were issued for that hotel, and they were full. By the time I discovered this, the AA domestic ticket counter was closed for the night, so my only option was to book a hotel last minute on my own. I have emailed AA customer service, but have so far received no reply, despite the fact that it has been four days since I emailed. There is no way to reach customer service by phone, you are always directed back to their email on the website."
"The trip started in Orlando for our 7.45pm Aug 13th flight to Santa Cruz Bolivia (AA313). After 5 gate changes and an hour-ish delay we finally boarded. We then sat on the tarmac for another hour while ground crew loaded baggage. We finally take off and arrive in Miami expecting to have to have someone at American Airlines find us another flight to Santa Cruz. But, the flight to La Paz/Santa Cruz had been delayed also. We ran and made that plane only to sit on the Tarmac in Miami for another hour plus (the other passengers had been waiting much longer than that). Finally we took off for La Paz where we were to remain on the plane for our continuing flight to Santa Cruz. We waited, and waited and after around 2 hours the captain informed us that the crew had passed it's legal time and was deplaning. So we deplaned and went through customs. Finally we arrived at the AA counter where we stood another 2 hours in line only to be given an 80.00 bolivian voucher for breakfast which didn't come close to paying for anything to eat but we appreciated the effort. AA apparently was not able to complete its obligation to get us to our destination so they put us on a BOA plane and got us to Santa Cruz after another nearly 6 hour wait. The last part may not come as a surprise but for good measure the luggage was still sitting in Miami when we arrived in Santa Cruz. AA made me pay for a taxi the next day to go back to the airport to pick up my luggage and be subjected to searches and immigration all over again. I have never had this kind of experience and the lack of customer service was abysmal."
"I had not flown American since their merger with US Airways. I flew first class Tuscon to Charlotte via Dallas and was not impressed. The best way to discuss the flight attendant on the flight to DFW was \"robotic\". She literally went \"through the motions\" of providing service and nothing else. The breakfast meal, yogurt, a granola bar and orange juice, was uninspiring. Transferring in DFW was easy. There were 2 attendants in first class on the flight to Charlotte. Both were much better than the one I had going to DFW. The meal, itself, left a lot to be desired. The \"hot\" towels that were passed out were room-temperature; so were the \"warm\" nuts. I had ravioli that was served with a \"salad\" which consisted of lettuce, one grape tomato that was sliced in half, and a cucumber slice. The salad dressing was straight of a packet. The ravioli were OK. Actually, the best part of the meal was the pretzel roll that was served with the meal. It was quite good. Sadly, there was no dessert. It seems that American Airlines is flying with the old US Airways mantra of \"do the least you can do to get by\". What a shame."
"Verified Review | Denver to Cozumel via Dallas with American Airlines. The outbound flight was canceled via text message at midnight, 9 hours before the scheduled departure with the excuse given that AA had no staffing for that flight and rescheduled us for the following day (36 hours later). After a heated discussion with their customer service I was told there were no other flights available. My 15 year old daughter found another flight within 2 minutes using her cell phone. I checked the flight online and discovered that there were 8 available seats. Another phone call back to AA. I presented our case and managed to get us on a new flight that left 4 hours earlier than our original. We grabbed our bags (1:15am) and rushed to the airport. The remainder of that day was uneventful. Fast forward 8 days later after an incredible stay in Cozumel, we land in Dallas for our connection to Denver. We waited 2.5 hours at the gate. AA informs us of a 15 min delay, then a 30 min delay, then a 45 min delay. Finally a gate attendant announces that the plane is on the ground and that they need to deplane, clean up a bit and then we will be on our way. 5 minutes later we see the gate monitor change from an 11pm departure time to a 6am (the following day). This was followed by an announcement the the crew had \"timed out\" and the flight had been canceled. No apologies, no attempt to rebook flights. The gate closed and we were left sitting there. My family and I spent 7 hours trying to sleep on the airport floor waiting for the next flight. We boarded the following morning and finally made it back to Denver. I will never fly AA again. No accountability, no customer service, they honestly do not care at all."
"Wilmington, NC to Lubbock, TX. I'd rather drive cross country than use American Airlines again. Due to a death in the family, I was trying to fly my wife in to attend the funeral. The day of her flight, we got 5 departure time updates in 30 minutes, the last of which pushing up the departure time an hour and thirty minutes from the original posted time. Because we were traveling over that just to get to the airport, although I sped, ran red lights, etc, they would not allow her on the plane even though it was still connected to the airbridge and she missed that flight. Although they were \"willing to work with us\" (if that's what you want to call it), their make up flight for her wasn't supposed to leave until the next day, it was taking her to an airport 2.5 hours north of where she needed to be, and it wasn't even going to arrive until after the funeral. After some back and forth between myself and the ticket counter, I worked out a deal where she would fly from Wilmington, NC to Charlotte, NC, stay the night, and then depart on a United Airlines flight from Charlotte, NC to Dallas and stay on United Airlines from Dallas to her final destination. Well, at 0645 this morning, my wife calls to inform me that although American Airlines printed her a boarding pass with a seat number and everything, they failed to fund the flight change from American to United, so she will now not be allowed on that flight either. Their final fix to the problem is to now send her from Charlotte to Atlanta to Dallas to her final destination all on American Airlines. Her flight won't get in until 2 hours after the funeral, but I guess I should just be happy she's going to get to go home at this point (assuming they don't screw this up too, of which I'm not confident). I dread to see how bad they're going to screw us on the return trip. Their coordination, communication, and customer support is hands down the worst I've ever encountered. Everyone we've dealt with so far (around 7 individuals) have all given us attitude and been unwilling to put in a little leg work to fix the problem that their airline created in the first place. American Airlines is an absolute joke of an airline and an organization. If there were more steps that I knew of to take this matter further up the chain of command, I would, but because subordinate actions are a reflection of leadership, I wouldn't expect anything to come of it. If I could give advice to any new traveler, avoid American Airlines at all costs. I'm not here to advocate other airlines, but I can tell you that if you go with American and are depending on them to get you where you need to go when you need to get there, you'll be greatly disappointed and just as frustrated as I am right now with them."
"Dallas to Joplin with American Airlines. Worst travel experience. I had a flight from Doha to Dallas Fort Worth and I arrived at 3pm. I had a connecting flight from there to Joplin at 8:40 pm, but the flight was cancelled due to weather conditions according to the airline, and they gave me a ticket to Joplin for the next day at 12:30 pm. I was hoping to get a voucher for a hotel to get some rest but I was shocked when they offered me a blanket instead of booking me a hotel room. This wasn't the worst part. My flight for the next day was cancelled and they offered me a flight to Springfield-Brandon airport instead of Joplin."
"Verified Review | Vancouver to Dallas. As a Oneworld Emerald member you're supposed to be able to expect great service for all the money spent with these airlines. However from checking in where they gave my wife and I seats apart from each other to the delays, to the one beverage and a biscuit in a 4 hour flight, having to ask for a glass of water, grumpy hostesses who said if you don't like the service let AA know about which I am. And so I will avoid this airline whenever possible."
"Our flight leaving Hartford was delayed 20 minutes, and I had a connecting flight in Philadelphia to get to my final destination of Miami. The delayed flight resulted in my mother and I running through the airport, and finally we arrived right as the doors were closing. The American Airlines supervisor refused to let us in, even though we were all (5 of us) late due to American Airlines problems. The plane was still there, but the gate attendants completely ignored us after we ran though the airport and tried to make our flight. There was no compassion, empathy, or even mere caring. I will never fly American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Orlando with American Airlines. This airline is despicable. In the last 2 weeks I've been on 10 flights in total - all but one has been either delayed or cancelled. When I say delayed I don't mean an hour. These flights are being delayed 3 hours, 7 hours, 24 hours. Flights are being cancelled and rebooked entirely. The customer service is giving me false reasons for the delays in order to protect them from being liable. I run a business and I am potentially losing multiple customers for my inability to be available to them, directly because of this airlines inability to put a flight together to take off at the time I paid for. If you plan to go somewhere at the time you pay to go there at, do not even consider using this airline. You will not get there. I will never book another flight with this establishment. Hideous service and I urge you to fly Southwest or Frontier, they are cheaper and will actually get you where you are paying to go."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Las Vegas via Charlotte. What a disappointment! When I checked in 2 hours early I was told my flight was on time, by the time I ate a meal and went to my gate the flight had been delayed about 15 minutes. I had a scheduled layover in Charlotte for 90 mins so at this time I wasn't to worried. As the time passed the delay got longer and longer. My flight was scheduled to leave at 5:15pm. Needless to say we did not depart until 6:45pm. The flight that I was to be connecting to was going up in the air when we were descending. When we got off that flight went straight to customer service to find another flight to get me to Las Vegas that night as I already had reservations at the hotel. No flight was available until the following morning at 8am. So I lost out on 1 night of my hotel reservation plus another 1/2 day worth of travel. The airport did put me in a hotel for the night instead of having to sleep in the airport but that did not get me my time back. I then had to book another night in Las Vegas so that I could enjoy what time I was supposed to be there. On the return flights, the attendant at the desk in Las Vegas at the gate was very rude to customers. For being a 6:45 am flight I hate to see what she was like by the end of her shift. 3 of the 4 planes were old, no in flight entertainment was provided on 3 flights. The food and drinks are very expensive! Definitely will not be flying American Airlines again."
"I am writing to review how rude and unprofessional the reservation specialists are when you call to make a phone reservation on American Airlines. I could see if it was one specialist who was pehaps having a bad day, but it happens consistently. I will not ever fly American because of this. I am in the customer service industry and I was honestly completely shocked at how rude, short and unprofessional 3 different phone reps were in the last few days as I made different reservations. It is unbelievable to me how badly I was talked to when making simple reservations with no questions or issues. The representatives sounded angry, annoyed and incredibly arrogant. I heard heavy sighs (when I asked one to repeat herself because she talked so fast I missed the record locator number), voices raised in anger (when I asked if I could receive a seat assignment). I am not joking when I say I was a very easy customer. I can't imagine what would happen if they were presented with an actual challenging itinerary or challenging customer. I think American Airlines needs to invest in some quality training for their phone reps. It is appalling and you are losing customers left and right because of this."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Ontario. I will try not to fly American Airlines in the future. My flight was delayed - that happens. However the customer service was not knowledgeable and were annoyed with my questions. I suppose I was bothering them? Most unprofessional. So now the delaying my flight is not unforgivable."
"Verified Review | I have never experience such a frustrating flight ever before. This is the first time I fly with American Airlines and will be the last time. My husband and I flew from Charlotte, NC to Santa Ana, CA and there was just delay after delay. I really didn't mind the delay at all because I knew that there was nothing that they could have done, what is done is done. But were there not any protocol to check the plane before letting passenger board the airplane? We sat there for a hour before they told us that everyone have to leave the airplane because they couldn't fix it and they need to give us a new airplane. So our flight was supposed to depart at 6:30 a.m. but we did not depart until 8:30 a.m. We got back on the plane and sit there for another hour because there was some \"computer glitches.\" Obviously, we missed our connecting flight. Once we landed in Dallas to try to catch our connecting flight that we already missed, the staff handed us some new boarding pass to our new connecting flight which was a thumb up. But wait, that wasn't it. They gave us the wrong boarding pass, because while my husband and I waited for our plane to get boarded, we heard over the intercom, \"Last call for (our names) to Santa Ana.\" My husband and I look at each other and was confuse on why do another flight have our names instead of the flight we were supposed to get on by the boarding pass the staff hand out to us. Well, we couldn't complain because it was an earlier flight or we will have to wait for another hour, but we were really concern about our baggages. When we arrived to Santa Ana, we did got our baggages, so that was maybe one thing that AA did right. On our flight back home, everything was going well. The flight were on time, no delays, we didn't have any problem. But once we arrive to Phoenix for our connecting flight, there were some problems. When I handed that staff my boarding pass, I couldn't board, because I \"did not check in.\" If I did not check in, how did I arrived to Phoenix from California? And how did I have my boarding pass in my hand? My mother in law and husband is checked in and able to board, but I wasn't able to when we obviously all checked in together. Obviously AA is horrible with delay, so they obviously bump me off the flight and give my seat to someone else that flight was delay. My husband was not having it, after throwing a little scene, they offered to give me a $500 voucher and a hotel room. Of course, I was not having it, time could not be bought. But thankfully another passenger volunteer to stay so I could take their seat. But it's ridiculous how my seat was given to someone else and they overbooked the flight. AA really need to work on their flight, not always being delay and screwing people over. Do not recommend this airline to anyone. The customer service line is always long, because they're always screwing up!"
"Seattle to New York JFK with American Airlines. Check-in personnel were very rude and not helpful at all. I arrived more than 4 hours early after getting off a cruise to Alaska. You would think I committed crime of the century. There was no place to sit while I waited for the 4 hour mark to approach. Whatever seats were available were filthy dirty. What a disgrace. When I used the kiosk to print my boarding pass and luggage tags I got an error message and was scolded by an employee whose job appeared to be keeping you off the line if you were more than 4 hours early checking in. My trip was very expensive and I do not appreciate being treated in such a poor manner."
"Verified Review | I normally do not review, however beyond disappointed in the service received!!! Flying out of Cleveland, OH to Corpus Christi, TX, my connecting flight had an hour and 20 minute layover in Dallas, TX. Not only was my flight delayed 3 times, which would have left me missing my connecting flight by 30 minutes, my connection was delayed and I missed that by 10 minutes thanks to waiting for my plain to taxi. American Airlines was nice enough to put me up in a hotel for the evening (even if I had no clothes, toiletries, etc since everything was checked, I at least had a bed) my connecting flight showed a printed time of 0820, American showed the flight on their screens as 0850 on time (would have been nice to know since I could have afforded the extra sleep). On the shuttle over to the airport finding out from flight attendants that American Airlines is up for contract reviews so all of their flights have been \"coincidently\" late/delayed for malfunctions. Low and behold my flight home has been delayed twice now, first to the AC once again not being to the pilots liking, and now because he'd like to check the brakes again (I'm all about safety so by no means am I upset over the last issue). However what spurred the outrage was when I decided to speak with Customer Service. I politely and softly asked if we would possibly be leaving in the late morning/early afternoon so I could make arrangements for both meetings and travel back home, only to be rudely yelled at the attendant at the gate quite loudly stating that the brakes were an important part of the plane. Now I can understand if there had been multiple guest that asked rude questions how her \"customer service\" skills could have been strained, however no one had spoken with her and her immediate answer was defensive, hostile and rude to a simple, polite question, American Airlines maybe while you are \"negotiating contracts\" you take your guest who faithfully fly with you into consideration and retrain your staff in customer service skills to be slightly more understanding and just polite to the innocent bystanders that just want to get home to their families. Not only will this be my last flight with American Airlines, but I will not be referring then to family and friends. To those considering American Airlines. Make sure their not going through negotiations when you book!"
"Chicago to Dallas with American Airlines. When you try to check-in online you find that all the seats cost extra unless you want a middle seat by the bathroom or galley. I purchased the Main Cabin Extra upgrade based on what they claimed the benefits are, but they withheld important information that would have made the exorbitant price they charged not worth it. One of their claims is that you get priority boarding - that is after all the AAdvantage and many other categories have boarded. By the time we boarded (Group 1) the plane was already full and there was no room for a backpack under the seat in front of me. The passenger in front of me had a huge bag overhead, another under the seat in front of him, and another under his seat. The passengers that did not fall for this upgrade trap saved themselves $180 and got exactly the same privilege and inconvenience as me. So a piece of advice - never upgrade online, you will get the same seats and inconvenience for free. Their preferred seat and Main Cabin Extra are not worth a fraction of what they charge"
"Verified Review | Montreal to Reno via Chicago O'Hare on American Airlines. Worst experience ever. On the first trip there was a six hour delay on top of a six hour layover then they had no food on the flight. They messed up the date on my return flight and wanted to charge me $200 plus an additional $900 for a new ticket. The costumer service agent was useless and the supervisor I spoke with was incredibly rude."
"The flight from Orlando to Philadelphia, AA1666 was delayed for over 1 hour, the pilot announced that he would try to catch up as he knew that there were people on board who had a connection to catch and would the passengers allow these people to leave the plane first. He made up about half an hour and the passengers ignored his request, taking us over 15 miutes to exit from row 30, giving us about 10 minutes to run from 16B to 269A. As an 83 year old man with an 81 year old lady, it is a wonder that we did not have a heart attack as the temp was 95 degrees. We reached A24 in time to meet a family of 4 who were walking back and informed us that they had shut the gate and would not wait. This was for flight AA734. They said they had been told to go to \"customer service\", a very long walk back. Here we were dealt with by the worlds worst and slowest typist. She proceeded to produce boarding passes for 2 of us and the 4 other passengers. She printed out 8 boarding passes, stared at each one and then threw them in the trash. She then produced 2 more, 1 at each side of the plane, I gave them back and she eventually gave me 2 for row 30. The other party asked for 4 seats together, not near a toilet, so they were eventually given 4 seats next to the toilets for the next day. This operation took her well over an hour, she then told us to go outside where a mini bus would take us to a \"hotel\". The 11 seater mini bus arrived with 7 passengers already on board and asked us to climb in, I sat on the edge of a seat with my foot in the door well and my lady companion sat on the spare wheel. We were then taken 25 miles to the \"Hotel\" which turned out to be a motel. By this time we were all very hungry as we had not eaten for about 10 hours only to be told that there would be no food until breakfast the next day. At this point I asked if I could make a phone call as there would be a taxi waiting for me in Manchester. Surprise, surprise the young man in reception informed me that they did not have a phone, I said they must be the only \"hotel\" in the world without a phone. He said they did not have an outside line. and there was no mobile network. As the taxi arrived in Manchester and waited 2 hours and returned home empty I have had to pay £125 instead of the £55 which I should have paid on the correct day. The next morning we were told that the only trip back to the airport was at 10.30 am so the 13 passengers again crammed into the 11 seater mini bus and we were taken back to the airport to catch our flight at 8.55 pm, after a half hour trip back we then had to wait in the airport we had to wait for aprox. 10 hours. I have travelled the world since I was 18 years old, have been delayed for 24 hours on three accasions but have never felt the need to complain before, but this experience was the most chaotic of my life so far. I am £70 out of pocket, this was my first flight with American Airlines and definitely my last."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Norfolk. Really bad experience with this airline in multiple occasions, but today is the last time. For 4 years every time I traveled with American Airlines it will always delay and I'm not talking about a couple minutes, because that would be fine. I'm talking about hours. I'm actually waiting for my plane right now as I type this and I've been waiting for 4 hours from its original boarding time. Also no one updates us on our flight, for example boarding time was 06:50 pm and it was 06:45 and the plane was still not there. No updates on what's going on, everyone was confuse. This happened 3 times. Finally fed up, a couple of us went to customer service to ask question, in which she didn't really give us any answers and gets frustrated with us and walks away saying we are getting to rowdy and starts cussing at herself. American Airlines has given me nothing but trouble in the last 4 years I've traveled with them and I'm never using this airline again."
"Two of us flying from LAS to LAX. Paid extra for bulkhead seats and Group 1 boarding priority. When we arrived at our seats, the overhead bins were crammed full half way down the aircraft. In fact, the bin over our seats was occupied by an out of uniform LAX based flight attendant seated in the back of the aircraft! I placed my bag in the first available space, and struggled to get back up the aisle to my seat. My partner had a small, soft-sided bag, and we placed it under the last row of first class seats, in front of the bulkhead, a very secure location. The flight attendants completed their pre take off checks, and never mentioned a problem with the location of the carry on bag. Prior to landing, a crew member walked through the cabin, spotted the bag under the first class seat, and went ballistic at us. She shouted that it was against FAA policy to have a bag in that location. We said, \"fine, no problem, we're happy for you to move it.\" She snatched the bag, put it in a first class bin, came back, and proceeded to scold us like naughty children, shouting, again, that it was against FAA policy to have a bag in that location, and told us that \"we had better put it in am overhead bin next time!\" She stormed off, and I was shaking with anger. Since I had to wait after landing to retrieve my bag from the back, I decided I would wait until all of the customers were off the aircraft so I could get her name. I approached her and asked for her name, which she refused to provide. When we both attempted to discuss why we were so disgusted with her behaviour, she threw up her hands in the air, stepped back, and said \"OK, now I feel like your ganging up on me!\" and she walked away. We were totally calm and rational, she was freaking out. She came back and again told us twice about FAA regulations, and walked away, This is how American deals with customer complaints, they claim that they are feeling \"threatened\" so they don't have to address the issue. Concerned that she would be calling the police, we walked off of the aircraft, and decided to pursue the issue via other means."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Philadelphia to Charlotte. Staff extremely condescending and rude. Made several back handed comments about passengers. Also no notice given about newer model aircraft luggage storage being a few inches shorter in depth causing bags not to fit easily. I would not choose this particular airline if possible."
"Lexington to Milwaukee via Chicago with American. I wish I had seen these reviews before I booked my flight. I got to the airport more than 2 hours early and was told my flight would be very late and would miss my connection due to crew issues. They said that there were flights to Chicago and I would wait on stand by. When I got to Chicago, they actually had seats available, but wouldn't give me one without paying an additional $75.00. Then they said I could pay an additional $75.00 and go stand by. When I said I had already paid to get to Milwaukee I was told that it was a take it or leave it option. When I mentioned that they told me in Lexington that they would put me up in a hotel, I was informed that unless I got a hotel voucher for them in Lexington, they couldn't honor it. Ended up taking a shuttle bus from Chicago to Milwaukee."
"Sacramento to Flagstaff. Once again a completely disastrous experience with this airline. Years ago flying from Orlando to Sacramento they left us stranded in Phoenix and offered no assistance whatsoever. We literally watched them put our luggage on the plane as they slammed the door in our face and said sorry it's to late and left us stranded in Phoenix with 2 young kids without our luggage. Thank god for Southwest, we were able to buy tickets to get home the same day. All they offered after we contacted their customer service was a voucher for future flights, no refund for the flight they failed to let us board. So this experience was just as horrific! Except worse! Our departure from Sacramento was scheduled for early morning so we decided to stay at a hotel to be closer and allow us extra time. When we arrived they informed us the plane had hit a bird while landing which I completely understand is out of their control. The way they handled things were where the disaster began. There was clearly no sense of urgency from the ground crew to inspect or repair anything, no repairs were needed. None the less delayed for 2 hours made our connection to Flagstaff impossible. When we asked to get on the next flight we were informed by another non-caring American Airlines employee that the rest of the flights for the day were full so they could only get us there the next morning. For a 30 minute flight we opted to rent a car and drive so we wouldn't loose any more of our already shortened weekend time with our daughter. When we asked for our luggage they rudely informed us that we would have to wait until it showed up in Flagstaff later that night - and you'll never guess but that flight was delayed too! When we arrived at the Flagstaff airport Sunday after our shortened weekend visit with our daughter, they checked us through security, took our bags and then informed everyone they had an issue with one of the plane doors and we would be delayed. After about an hour they informed everyone that they were sending a bus to pick us up and drive us to Phoenix since they were unable to resolve the door issue. Once again missing our connection flight back home. We again opted to rent a car and head on our own way so we would be assured of getting to Phoenix as quickly as possible. What a total nightmare thanks to American Airlines once again! It might not have been so bad if they had just one person that actually acted like they cared and maybe attempted to be simpathetic. I wish someone else flew into Flagstaff."
"First time flying with American Airlines, and I will never fly with them again! It was a disaster and torture. They kept delaying our flight, when you had other people flying out at the same gate, but we kept getting delayed. We had 4 children with us under the age of 5, 2 were infants. We were stuck at the airport from 6:30pm to 3am because the flight kept getting delayed so finally they say it's time to board, so we wait some more. Than they decide to switch the gate number on us, so we arrive at the gate and wait another 30 minutes. Than they tell us the flight has been cancelled for an unacceptable reason! It was late and the kids were extremely tired. They took forever to reroute us to another day. They give us a hotel voucher, so we finally get to the hotel after 3am to find out all the rooms were booked. What a nightmare of a day we had. It kept getting worse by the hour! I hate what you made us and our children go through! Never again will I travel with an unprofessional uncaring airline like yours! You made our traveling experience miserable!"
"Verified Review | Flew from Chicago to Atlanta. Every time I fly American, US Air or one of their partners something happens. They are rude, inconsiderate, unprofessional, I could go on and on. I haven't met a friendly staff member yet. They change the rules and what they let on, bag size, seating, etc on the fly to suit themselves and themselves only. Let's just say with this airline, you get what you pay for. If you pay half or less than one of the better airlines - Delta - then expect to get less than half the quality of service. It's getting nearly as bad as southwest with their cattle call boarding process. They nickel and dime you to the point you would have been better off paying for the more expensive flight in the first place. TERRIBLE airline and I swear if I can avoid it from today forward I will. Oh and PS, they are RARELY on time, taking off, landing, boarding, etc."
"In an attempt to reach a memorial service in Austin, TX, I booked an American Airlines trip on 7/28/16 from Dayton, OH to Austin. It would take me through ORD, where everything would go wrong. We had no issues flying into ORD, arriving at 1200 CT. The connecting flight to AUS was scheduled for 1400 CT, but was delayed for an hour and a half (AA1474). The delays continued as the ticket counter informed us repeatedly that we had an aircraft but we had no crew to fly it. After delaying multiple times and moving gates three times (anyone who's flown through ORD knows how awful that is), we were finally informed that our crew had landed and were preparing to run their security checks in the aircraft. At this point, we were lined up and ready to board at 1900 CT - over 7 hours delayed because of crew issues. Out of nowhere, the counter announced the flight was cancelled but would give us no information whatsoever. The agents were rude and dismissive, only giving us re-booking numbers. Because of their ridiculous delays (how the largest US carrier doesn't have pilots on standby in one of the world's busiest airports is beyond me), there were no flights out of ORD that would get me into Austin in time for the memorial the following day. Because there was no point to travel to Austin, I requested to return home and have my money refunded to me (a fair request considering I would miss my event and I spent an entire day in ORD because their incompetence.). The agent informed me that they could only offer a voucher because the trip was marked cancelled due to weather. This was an outright lie as they repeatedly noted that it was crew related. I work in private aviation with access to FAA databases, and everything noted about the flight involves crew issues. There were even other aircraft flying at that same time from ORD to other Texas locations (DFW was a flight I attempted to fly on but was full). AA changed the cancellation reason because they aren't financially responsible to refund airfare and/or offer hotel vouchers. I even requested a food voucher at 2100 CT, and they refused that because my original flight was cancelled for weather. I have sent them multiple requests for a refund, but they refuse. They haven't even offered a phone number to contact their customer relations dept, as they only contact customers through an un-returnable email. It's absurd for them to think that I would want their voucher; I will never fly with this airline again. I would avoid them as well because when things go poorly, they will treat you like dirt and lie about it to your face."
"Verified Review | A miserable experience with American Airlines from Miami to Quito. Flight was delayed 2 hours and then it started raining heavily so it was delayed 4 further hours. At the airport counter nobody seemed to care about giving out any information. When we finally got on the plane, to our business class seats, everything was dirty and smelt horrible. We had to wait an extra 45 minutes inside the plane because they had forgotten to bring some of the luggage onboard the plane. Business class cabin crew served dinner and nuts and that was that. Never even tried to make the flight a good experience after more than 8 hours of delay. So much turbulence during the flight and a horrible landing. Our experience was terrible. Business class was not worth it and we even had to wait a long time for our bags."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Palma de Mallorca via Madrid. My family and I just got back from vacation in Mallorca. We booked our flights with American Airlines and the flight was operated by Iberia. The experience was terrible with both companies was terrible. On the flight over our flight was delayed and we missed our connection in Madrid, we were put on an extra flight that took us to Santiago and then to Palma, Mallorca. We arrived to Mallorca 12 hours delayed - that was out of the airlines control. When we went to check in for our flight back home we were told that none of us (5 passengers) were on the flight list! We stood at the check in counter for an hour and a half while the costumer service agent tried to fix the problem and give us a new booking. Apparently while our flight over was altered due to the delay and missed connection someone deleted us from the flight list on our return flights, so that we appeared on the flight list but could not have boarding passes printed. The agent was able to fix all of our flights but one, she could not figure out how to reissue the ticket for my cousin from Madrid to New York so we had to leave him behind at the airport in Madrid. Iberia staff members including supervisors told us that their ability to fix this issue was limited because it was technically an American Airlines booking, however they could not get a representative from American Airlines to be of assistance (and neither could I on my 3 international phone calls for over an hour to America Airlines) Technically my cousins ticket was canceled so all that he could do was go and buy a ticket for the following day; all that was left was a business class seat which he had to pay $5,000 for! Not to mention pay for a hotel room in Madrid for the night! We are appalled and lost a lot of money because of this, his flight, his hotel, his international call bill, the toll back from the airport, the extra gas money spent picking him up separately. I have had no help from either companies costumer service, both companies would tell us we needed to speak with the other company. This was by far the worst travel experience we have had!"
"Salt Lake City to Miami. We booked our direct flight a month before our trip and four hours before our flight we got a call saying our flight was cancel and that we were transfer to another flight on the following day with a stop in Texas and we were going to be flying all day. When my husband called to ask for help because we needed to be that day in Miami ,the girl that he talked to just said: \"I'm sorry but I can't help you\" really? My husband had to look for other tickets and do the lady's job so we could be in Miami on time. On our way back our plane got delayed (which happens a lot with all flights and I understand) but I felt like they weren't nice about it, after we finally boarded the plane we had to wait 30 min before taking off and they never said what was happening or why were we waiting. Never flying American Airlines anymore."
"Verified Review | My son has Down syndrome and will be flying cross country home. I asked if I could prepay for his bags (he has more than expected) and was told only with a $100 surcharge. The staff also said - How can he fly if he doesn't have the ability to pay - I was furious! Most kids don't have credit cards or $100 in their pocket. Such prejudice against his disability."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airline's seasonal route between Los Angeles and Anchorage. Ground crew during check-in at LAX lacked sense of urgency to quickly process heavy-volume of passengers on a busy Friday evening. Customer service skills were below average. American Airlines' ground crew at LAX didn't even say elementary things like, \"Hi, How are you?\" or \"Have a nice flight.\" On-board the A319, the leather seats in economy class were nice. There is no seat-back TV for a long 5 hour flight. The on-board wi-fi worked well. During return flight, the cabin was very uncomfortably warm and that made it harder to sleep. No pillows are provided during overnight flight between Anchorage and Los Angeles."
"Verified Review | I would like to say how disappointed I was with my experience with American Airlines. I recently traveled overseas from Philadelphia to Athens with my family. Firstly, I expected anyone with children to be among the first to be boarded. I was, I believe the only one with a 9 month old baby in addition to my 3 1/2 year old toddler. To my surprise, and I'm sure the other parents, we never heard a \"anyone with young children, please feel free to board\" call. Secondly, I was extremely aggravated and angered that I couldn't get the bassinet and seat that goes with it for my baby and I. I called American Airlines weeks before and even 24 hours before my flight, not to mention my Travel Agent who requested that seat for me when they booked my tickets, and was told that \"we don't reserve the bassinet; it's first come, first served\". I can appreciate that and even understand that. What I can't understand is when I arrive at the gate to get it I am told that \"a bassinet is available however the seats have been taken by some people who requested the extra leg room\". I guess American Airlines is fine with giving a seat to someone for extra leg room over a baby who needs a bassinet to sleep in? I had to hold my baby for a 9 hour flight and keep handing her over to my husband to hold while I took my toddler to the bathroom or so I could eat my meal that the flight attendant kindly put aside for me. The flight attendants were the best part of the flight. Thirdly, I didn't appreciate the fact that the assigned seats for my family had my 3 1/2 year seated between two complete strangers while my husband and I were directly behind her with the baby. Obviously, my husband switched so that my child would be with me but who is in charge of seating arrangements that can't understand the concept of keeping a child together with their parents? You would think they'd keep a family of 3 with a lap baby all together but I guess I'm the only one who thinks like that. Suffice it to say, in all likeliness I will not be using American Airlines to travel in the future. I have my return tickets already booked and would probably be charged to change them or else I would switch them with another airline to return home."
"American Airlines sucks. On the flight from Charlotte to Orlando they totally missed our aisle and we got no drink service. When I mentioned it to the stewardess she answered in a surly tone \"So sorry\". She was rude. I thought that was bad enough but on our return visit our luggage was not on the plane when we reached Greensboro (PTI). We understood because due to weather we had to catch another 2nd leg flight. They delivered our luggage in the middle of the night and when we opened it in the morning, everything was drenched and much of our clothes were ruined. White clothes had blue stains on them. My husband had a $400 custom made jacket that had blue stains all over it and we were told without a receipt there is no reimbursement. He bought the jacket several years ago and who saves receipts from years back? I will never fly American again!"
"Ronald Reagan Washington to Manchester–Boston, NH. I had the displeasure of flying with American Airlines on Thursday. We sat on the runway for two hours before having to return to gate. I came off the plane with other travelers that were given no direction or customer service. The pilot came out and told us to stay for potential flight after the agents just walked away with a line of people still at the counter. I eventually reboarded and sat again now waiting to get gas. The gas took so long we missed our opportunity to fly out. From their they cancelled our flight. I tried to rebook and was told it would take two days, their was no openings on any flights. I was treated by rude, incompetent staff that showed no care for the fact that many of us were stranded. I received many different answers, the staff did not know what was going on so their was no information from them possible. They were rude, and heartless. I will never ever fly with this airline again. I am a very easy going traveler and understand things come up but the staff were rude and had no clue what was going on. I will never give them a penny of my money ever again."
"Verified Review | My wife and I were boarding our last connecting flight home (Dallas Ft Worth to Kansas) with our carry-on luggage that we had used for all previous AA flights that day but when scanning our ticket for this particular flight, the gate agents said that my wife would have to check her bag due to the size. Granted, it would be no cost to us however the frustrating part about this is they said nothing about my bag that was the exact same size, not to mention the numerous other passengers we saw pass us to board the plane with same size bags or larger. Ours both fit perfectly fine in all the overhead bins we had used in previous AA flights. I tried to ask the agent if this was necessary considering I was not asked to check mine even when it's the same size but she insisted it was. I feel as if American Airlines targeted us (my wife) for no apparent reason. We did not want to check our bags for a reason, they met the size requirements and we wanted to be able to get off the plane and not wait for our luggage. In addition to all this, they had us board the plane and sit at the gate while they fixed 3 machanical issues before pushing off. Perhaps fix the issues before loading 100s of people onto a plane with not a lot of air circulation? Needless to say we will book with any other airlines before resorting to American Airlines for our flights."
"New Orleans to JFK via Washington. American Airlines is without doubt the worst airline. Delayed for almost 4 hours with only one update. Eventually get on the plane. Told we would have to wait 30mins to take off. 2 people decided they wanted to get off and so the whole flight got cancelled. Customer services were very rude with no apologies. Said they could fly me to Le Guardia but my luggage would go to JFK. Said I would get the train and I wanted my luggage back. I waited over 2 and a half hours for my luggage and missed my train. All the staff I spoke with were rude, weren't willing to help and in one case walked off whilst myself and several other passengers were talking to him. 8.5 hours in the airport. I only had 2 days in NY before flying back to the UK. I now only have one. It has ruined what has been a great month of traveling. I will not book with them in the future and I would strongly advise people using them. American Airlines you have given yourself a terrible reputation with your overseas travelers!"
"London Heathrow to Cancun via Dallas Forth Worth. Worst airline I have ever travelled with. Rang me two months before my outbound flight to tell me it was overbooked so would I be prepared to change to another flight, and in compensation they would provide an upgrade to premium economy and a travel voucher. I agreed. The customer service agent told me I would need to pick the voucher up at check in. Got to the airport, checked in and asked for the voucher, to which I got the reply of 'no, that has to be sent to you, you'll have to chase it up'. Flight was delayed by over an hour due to 'paperwork issues'. This meant I missed my connection in Dallas to Cancun. No information at all was forthcoming at Dallas airport about what happened next and as it was a Sunday evening there were no other flights they could rebook me on to. They provided a voucher for a hotel, and basic food voucher but could not give me my luggage back until I arrived in Cancun, so I was left stranded on my own in Dallas without luggage, and arrived in Cancun a day late having missed the first day of my pre-organised tour. Flight attendants were useless, and didn't seem to even recognise that there were passengers on the plane - they were constantly knocking into people sat in the aisle seats. Barely any communication from the pilots. On the way back, I flew Cancun to Miami to Raleigh-Durham to Heathrow. The pilots on the Raleigh-Durham flight were much better and communicated everything. As a nervous flyer this helps a lot. Took 12 months to be able to receive compensation for the outbound flight delay and missing tour and 12 months to receive the original voucher promised to me when I was asked to change flights! Overall, poor customer service, poor organisation, and poor in-flight service. how they're still operating is beyond me."
"Denver to Chicago. I saw another review with the same complaint I have to a tee. They lie. They use weather as an excuse for delays and cancellations so they don't have to compensate you. I watched several planes depart for my destination as my plane Sat grounded for weather. And as people scrambled for connection options. They didn't send any extra reps. Over 100 people with one rep - and don't bother calling their 1-800 reps, the wait there was 2 hours."
"Manchester to Chicago. First my flight from Manchester to Chicago was delayed by 2 hours, the staff onboard were unprofessional and amateur. I'm currently sat in Chicago airport waiting for my return flight which has also been delayed by 1 hour after the gate number changing for some reason or another. 50% of the flights are delayed as I'm sat here, it's seems like an absolute shambles and rat race! I can only hope that the plane leaves at the new scheduled time. One thing is certain, I won't be flying with American Airlines in the future, I'll pay the higher cost of Virgin Atlantic and receive the level of service you expect when paying £1,400 for a 7.5 hour flight!"
"Horrible experience with American Airline. Our flight was from Cedar Rapids was delayed due to the weather, and I want to highlight the fact that AA is not giving you food & accommodation vouchers if flight was delayed due to weather. It is still a mystery how to determine a weather conditions. The sky was bright, the sun was shining, everyone else was departing and arriving on time. The weather was selective to AA exclusively. AA arranged the alternative flight for us two hours late and it was canceled due to weather again, I hate to repeat myself, but: The sky was bright, the sun was shining, everyone else was departing and arriving on time. The weather was selective to AA exclusively. After spending several extra (thanks to AA and weather) hours in Dallas airport we decided to drive to Houston. The weather was beautiful! Next day I called AA twice trying get to the bottom of the delayed, cancellation and refunds situation. It is not easy and AA was not clear on the process, or found many excuses and no apologies at all."
"Verified Review | NYC to Curacao via Miami. I was set to leave on 7/26. I get a notice that my flight is canceled just a few hours before. They tell me it is weather related. I am in NYC. I notice that the 6:59 AM flight (exact same time as mine) is leaving from LGA and no weather related issues. This is the same with the 5:50 am, 6:00 am and 6:30 am flight to Miami. How is it that the 6:59am from JFK is canceled due to weather? No compensation offered. I ask to speak to supervisor and she tells me it isn't weather related, but cannot offer me any help. I have to get on the flight at 6:59 on 7/27, losing a vacation day of my own and a hotel day that I paid for. I call again and demand a voucher for this. Then, I get on the flight on 7/27, the line was an absolute nightmare. I get to the kiosk and it tells me I need assistance when I fill in the information. Because I am not flying back with American (the smartest choice anyone can make), I need to see an agent. I get on yet another line to do so and now I have to pay $25 for my bag to Curacao. I'm upset but I eat it up. Then, the flight is delayed and guess what? I make the flight, but my luggage does not! About 20 other people are in this situation too. Now, I am in Curacao waiting for my luggage, another vacation day lost, without basic toiletries and they tell me it will arrive at my hotel in the evening. Well it is the next morning and I have no suitcase, nothing. I am still waiting on it. Why did I pay $25? I have wasted 2 vacation days for nothing. Do not book with this airline. They will ruin your time and your vacation and you will spend money to not get there and not have your belongings. And the outlets don't work on the plane!"
"Austin to Kansas City via Dallas. I wanted to change a flight out to later today or tomorrow. When I called, I was notified that would cost me 200 dollars just to want to change the flight and additional 150 dollars to buy the other flight. $350 to change a flight on my end. American Airlines cancels the first flight out for the day. I am now, not booked on the next flight but the third flight out. This is a 4 hour layover. They gave me a 12 dollar voucher. $12 to change a flight on American Airlines end. Why is this ok? I am an easy and care free traveler, but American Airlines takes advantage of their customers' time and money!"
"Honolulu to Dallas Ft Worth. This is by far one of the worst AA flights I have ever been on. As a frequent flyer I knew not to expect too much of their Boeing 767-300 product. The domestic 767's are ancient, nothing has been done to the Y cabin since early 1990's. The seats are worn, uncomfortable and lacks IFE. Cabin panels are so old that they're turning yellow and everything on this plane was dirty. The safety video wouldn't play because the old aisle CRT-screens in Y wouldn't even turn on. Tray table was dirty and covered in food residue. Reading light did not work, so I was left with nothing to do for 8+ hours as again, there is no in seat IFE. American also has the nerve to charge you for headphones. Good thing I brought my own, but no, since the headphone jack wasn't working either. The only good thing about this flight was the very friendly and personal captain, who came out into the boarding area of the airport to great us with a warm welcome and some information regarding the tropical storm Darby as it would delay our flight. This captain also kept us well informed throughout the flight. Rest of flight crew was disinterested at best, which is understandable given the poor hard product they have to make do with. On this flight AA did however serve both a snack pack, free drinks and a self service bar stacked with wraps and other snacks, which was appreciated. Will fly AA again but will avoid their 767's."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to Los Angeles with America Airlines. Customer service is horrible. My flight was 11 hours long and I came to discover that my TV / IFE wasn't working. And all the staff did was say I'm sorry there is nothing we can do, and walked away. So I had to sit there and stare at the wall my whole flight! That was my first and last time I'm ever using American Airlines."
"Omaha to Key West via Chicago and Miami. American Airlines didn't fulfill their contract to get me to Key West and then offered me one third of the price from Miami to Key West as a refund instead of the two hundred plus that they charge. Love their math. They wouldn't even pay for the rental car from Miami to Key West. I actually saved them money by driving instead of waiting for a flight the next day. What a way to start a family vacation. I had to drive from midnight until around three thirty. They didn't even have to pay for a motel in Miami since I didn't stay. Not a well run company. Delays and multiple gate changes were involved in this one trip. I will only use AA as a last resort."
"Chicago to Lima via Miami. I can safely say I will never fly with American Airlines again! Our original scheduled flights were from Chicago to Miami and from Miami to Lima. The second leg of our flight was supposed to be with LATAM airlines but of course this wasn't to be as American Airlines messed up from the start. Our first flight (from Chicago to Miami) was cancelled. We were not told why and told to call a call centre to arrange re-booking. We presumed when an airline cancel a flight the least you receive is an apology and helpful assistance with re-booking. We received no apology or assistance. We managed to book a new flight for ourselves (Chicago to Dallas and Dallas to Lima) We got on the new flight (Chicago to Dallas) and it was delayed by about 2 hours (again no apology, no explanation). We arrived in Dallas too late to catch our flight to Lima. We went to customer service in Dallas. We were given a new set of flights (Dallas to Miami and then Miami to Lima) for the following morning. Our original departure time from Chicago was 6.45pm on 21/07/16, we were now further away from our destination and leaving approx. 13 hours later, at 9.05am on 22/07/16. Next thing, we were given a hotel voucher to get a few hours sleep (it was almost midnight at this stage). Customer service told us to go and wait on hotel shuttle and ring the number on the voucher to call them if no sign after 30 minutes or so. Of course, no shuttle came! So we rang the number printed on the hotel voucher! 3 phone calls and 2 hours later, we realised that the number was wrong. We had been calling a different shuttle (it was 2am at this stage). We googled the correct number and finally got in touch with the correct hotel. Next morning, we wen to check-in staff and staff at the gate and asked them to make sure our bags were on the flight. They assured us they were! We got our flight from Dallas to Miami and Miami to Lima. Might I add, both of these flights were delayed. We arrived in Lima 1 hour and 15 minutes late and of course my bag was lost. Turns out, the bag never left Miami! We asked for the bag to be put on the next flight. We finally got out of the airport after midnight. We had a taxi waiting to collect us for 2 hours. I rang this morning to ask about my bag. It was still in Miami! I rang 10 hours later today to ask where my bag is, still in Miami! We had 2 days to spend in Lima. We missed one day because of a cancelled flight, a delayed flight, a missed connection etc. We missed the second day as I have no clothes to wear and also trying to track my bag and make a complaint about American Airlines."
"Buffalo to Boston. I am disappointed in American because I don't feel like they put customers first. In just the last 3 days, I had an issue with a rebooking, a flight that was cancelled and moved to the next day, and then a delay on my way back to Boston. I'm surprised there were so many issues. I also heard several complaints from other American customers who had to pay for a hotel because their flight was cancelled, and word of mouth travels fast. I hope American starts to realize the importance of customer service."
"Verified Review | American Airlines texted me the night before I was supposed to leave that they had cancelled my Lexington to Chicago flight. They gave no explanation for the cancellation. They rebooked me on a flight that would get me in 10 hours late. They would not make any effort or go to any expense to find a flight that would get me to my destination even close to the time I needed. They offered no apology or compensation even though the flight that I purchased originally was significantly more expensive than the one they put me on. I will avoid American Airlines in the future whenever possible."
"I left last Monday from Oakland Airport with a stopover in Phoenix and then onto Omaha. Well, due to poor weather we circled Phoenix airport until we ran low on fuel. We were then informed we would be going to Tuscon to get more fuel, we landed in Tuscon and were assured repeatedly it wouldn't take much time and we'd back in Phoenix very soon. Long and short of it, there was a line of planes ahead of us. They would not allow anyone off and we sat there for about 2 hours before getting refueled while being told we were headed back to Phoenix shortly. No food, people missed connecting flights, I was forced to say overnight in Phoenix and missed a very important day of work in Omaha. American insisted they would not offer any compensation in terms of food, hotel, etc., since it was weather related. On top of I found out from another flyer the hotel rooms offered at a \"discount\" at the Red Lion Inn were actually more expensive than their regular prices. Waiting in American Airlines customer service line was horrible, took a long time (over an hour) with lots of angry people. By the time I got another flight the next day and a room I got 2 hours of sleep. I understand things happen with weather, but the way American Airlines handled this during and after was the worst flying experience I've had to date and I'm 57 years of age. I will avoid flying American Airlines from this point forward and avoid them aggressively."
"Verified Review | Boston to New York JFK in August 2015. After a rather fast check-in and boarding process the plane took off in time. It was a short haul flight and the expectations for the meals were low - just a small packet of chips or cookies instead of e.g. a breakfast are definitlely a taboo for a first class service. Furthermore, the variety of beverages was very limitated and coffee was out of stock soon. The cabin facilities have seen better days as well due to the fact that they were certainly in use for decades. The cabin staff was not unfriendly but just executed their duties. Summing up, this flight experience was somewhat below the average."
"Verified Review | Miami to Milan and return with American Airlines. I traveled with AA for the first time and all the stories I had heard about it were verified. To start with the planes were old. The crew though friendly were not interested in the customer. The minute they served the meal they asked the passengers to close the shutters and they disappeared not to be seen until the next meal. The crew on the way from Miami to Milan were the untidiest crew I have ever seen. This crew did not even bother to greet the passengers as we got on and off the plane. It was such a relief to get on Vueling where the crew were the exact opposite. I would never recommend AA and I will defininetly avoid it in future."
"Chicago to Venice. American Airlines has put my friends and I through complete hell. I was supposed to arrive in Venice over 24 hours ago. After delays they switched our flight, on our connecting flight through London the plane had to land in JFK because of computer glitches and they did not feel safe flying over the ocean. After 2 hours of waiting to receive new boarding passes everyone finally boarded a new air craft that would take us instead. Once everyone was seated they immediately told us that there were glitches and we had to exit the plane and that there would be no new flights until the morning. At this point we had now missed an entire day in Venice, lost all of our money spent on hotels and tours in Venice. We have a friend that is there alone waiting for us now for days. After they made us exit the plane at 2am we spent over 3 hours talking with managers and attendants to find a new plane to Venice because at this point if we boarded the morning connecting plane through London we would miss the plane to Venice and the following plane to Venice would make us miss another day, which at that point we were supposed to be going to Florence. During the duration of time we spent after being exited from the plane, they put us on a completely different flight out of LaGuardia and promised that our bags would be moved from JFK to LaGuardia. As we just showed up to pick up our bags we have been told that in fact the bags were never taken off of the plane and are now in London. We spent hours trying to call American Airlines and spent hours talking with different people who have all basically lied to us. The amount of money and time I have wasted is inexcusable. I couldn't imagine a worst start to what is supposed to be the most amazing trip. Thanks, American Airlines."
"Verified Review | London Heatrow to Chicago with American Airlines. I take lots of flights every year. By far, and I mean by far, the worst of these has been with American Airlines over recent years. Not just one flight, several flights. Flew from Heathrow to Chicago. Problems include: Late flights (4 hour plus delays), uncomfortable seats, no in seat entertainment system (yet to find one on an AA flight). Broken headphone socket (realise this could happen on other airlines). Terrible food, despite being on transatlantic flights. No customer service follow up (almost 3 weeks and still awaiting anything more than an acknowledgement). Will not be flying AA again."
"I flew on July 2 from White Plains to Tucson--multiple problems, i.e. no gate available when we landed in Chicago, missed connecting flight and maintenance issues. They did put me up in a hotel for the night in Tempe, but because of all the delays and the time I needed to be back at the airport, I only spent 6 hours at the hotel. Trip home from Tucson to White Plains on July 9 was similar. Delayed flight from Tucson to Chicago due to weather problems and maintenance issues. Cancelled flight from Chicago to White Plains. Spent the night in Chicago (only 4 hours at the hotel), flew to Charlotte and then to White Plains. Due to delayed flights, services were not available, i.e. restaurants were closed, limited personnel to assist, etc. I have not flown American in sometime and their service has diminished immensely. Many of the employees are rude and seem disinterested in their jobs. Back to Delta."
"Verified Review | Tyler to Savannah via Dallas with American Airlines. Originating flight delayed half hour due to plane leaving DFW late. Not allowed to take any carry on bags into cabin resulting in 15 minute delay collecting bags. Waited on tarmac 10 minutes because a plane was still in our gate. Raced from gate 34 to 9 hailing cart to actually arrive before door closed. Hour and a half layover completely evaporated. Many fellow passengers missed connections. There was no attempt to provide assistance other than providing passengers with connecting gate numbers. Unable to download boarding passes on phone. They appear to be totally disorganized. I will avoid American in the future Delta is much more efficient."
"Phoenix to Cancun and completely disappointed in American Airlines. My husband and I booked a flight to Cancun. Three weeks before our departure we logged in to check seat status, only to find out we have to pay an additional $75 per passenger in order to sit together - as if the tickets weren't expensive enough. We called customer service and we pretty much got a \"take it or leave it attitude\" from the supervisor. This is the last time I use this airline."
"Verified Review | The flight from Dallas/Fort Worth to London (Heathrow) was delayed more than 3 hours, during this time no explanation or apology was given. When we eventually boarded the staff were extremely rude and condescending. The inflight entertainment was poor, the quality of the screens was something you would expect in the 1980's, and the selection of movies was awful. The in-flight food was inedible. The seats were uncomfortable and dirty. Overall this was the worst airline I have travelled with and will not fly with them again."
"American has lost a customer. Flight was cancelled which I can deal with as stuff happens but when a flight is cancelled you should have a process in place. Rude agents, long lines, pieces of paper with an 800# on it with an automated system going \"Hi, would you like to purchase a ticket?\". Rerouted us with a nice 6 hour delay then put us on United which we got to the gate and said nope, no ticket, no plane and sent us back to American who sent us back to ticketing past security in Atlanta. Got back to the United Flight and guess what, delayed an hour so now will miss connecting flight in Newark. Zero ability to handle a simple cancelled flight."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Shannon, Ireland to Bristol TN. Our first (and probably last) trip overseas. We are seniors and novices. Wish someone had told us to avoid American at all costs. Ground staff and flight attendants acted tired and bored. We needed to use one of those carts that carry you from one gate to another (walk would be about 3/4 mile). Finally got one. The driver suddenly stopped and started talking to a friend. When we asked, she said \"you have to get off, go down the escalator and get another one.\" Then she returned to her conversation. Needless to say the $5 tip went back into my husband's pocket. Not complaining about flight delays as weather was horrendous, but we were appalled at the unprofessional attitude of support staff."
"Verified Review | Flight from Dallas to Seoul Incheon was atrocious. After arriving from Amarillo I found out that my flight to Seoul would be delayed 2 hours, meaning that I would miss my last connection flight to Jakarta. When asking the ground service about why the delay, they just rudely told me, \"Maintenance. That's all I know.\" They also gave off a tone that seemed as if they hated their job. On top of this, during the actual flight that the delay was only for getting another plane ready. The old cabin sure added to the experience. The IFE was messed up, so Economy class was stuck watching Disney channel shows on repeat for the 13 hour flight. I also recall a cockroach crawling into my seat, but I wasn't surprised, so I didn't do anything about it. Wouldn't say I would never fly AA again, but they really need to start working harder and actually care for their customers."
"Verified Review | American Airlines is using a great hard product, on par or above standard. I get upgraded most of the time, so I feel slightly guilty writing this review. However flying London Heathrow - Los Angeles every month, the service seems to be of a higher standard. Los Angeles - Sydney was the same aircraft, but no bar food. Flight attendants were tired on both legs of the trip. They were unpleasant and when asking for something, it was evidently a hassle. Bar - which 777-300ER on AA is now known for has no food option except a few apples and wine. Really? This is their selling point. I often appreciate not having to bother the crew and getting snacks myself. No mid-flight snacks are offered, no water run or anything. Crew just sit in the rest area playing on their ipads or reading books. When asked if I could get a wine or something I was met with \"You seem to be up the whole time.\" As if to say - don't bother us and go to bed. Overall really disappointed with the service. I should fly QF again I guess after this. Their seat is nowhere as comfortable, but food is amazing and soft product/service is excellent. AA needs to keep an eye on these \"prestigeous\" routes."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Brussels to Philadelphia. The international business class product on this flight was poor and reminiscent of what you would expect in 2001. Old seats with only a partial recline (nowhere near flat!). Similar to what you see in an economy plus cabin. No in-seat entertainment system. Instead each business class passenger provided with Samsung tablet and headphones. Image quality OK. Selection of movies poor. Also entertainment system requires the only outlet in the seat. Seat tray table is too small for meal and tablet and requiring you to stow tablet during meal service on balance it on your knee. No wi-Fi in cabin. Food quality was poor. The filet steak I was served was over cooked to the point that I could not eat it. Appetizer was a tomato salad followed by a Caesar salad and a steak or fish entree and small slice of cake. Two salads. Obviously not much thought given to the menu. Cabin staff were friendly but not overly helpful. Glasses not refilled. Water bottles left on armrests without being cleared. Amenity kit was also very poor. Toothbrush, eye mask, ear plugs and some free samples from Bigelowe. Again it reminded me of an economy class product. The flight departed and arrived on time."
"Verified Review | I would never fly American Airlines again. I planned a short weekend trip to visit my husband working in South Carolina. My flight was scheduled to leave Hartford at 1.00 pm on July 1st. We boarded on time and immediately started backing away from the gate. We then stopped and sat in place for 15 minutes and eventually returned to gate before sitting another 20 minutes. we were then told there were computer related issues and maintenance needed to be called. Apparently maintenance isn't stationed at the airport and was 30 minutes out. We were asked to deboard and wait and see. I had a 4.20 connector flight in Charlotte that was missed. The AA employees would not reschedule connections until they knew the status of the current flight. At 2.30 I received a call from AA with a new 6.20 connection time. Still no word on the current flight. At 3.00 we were told plane was fixed and reboarded. 30 minutes later we were still sitting at the gate. We were then told Charlotte airspace was closed and we needed to wait for reroute. We finally backed from gate at 3.40 and given permission to fly. At 3.50 we were then \"grounded\" for supposed weather. We sat on runway for another 30 minutes, and finally took off at 4.20. While on plane I asked the stewardess about making the 6.20 connection flight and was told she had no idea and couldn't find anything out. We landed in Charlotte at exactly 6.04. We landed at B gate. My connection was in E concourse. I sprinted the 1/2 mile to the gate and arrived at 6.15 for 6:20 flight. Plane was still there, doors still open. I was told I couldn't get on plane. I explained my flight was delayed 3 hours. I was rudely told I couldn't get on the plane and told to \"go around corner to reschedule\". I arrived at desk at 6.24 to rebook my connection. The attendant looked at his watch and asked why I didn't get on this plane. The next flight out was 5 hours later. I ended up requesting to fly to another airport having my husband drive 2 hours to pick me up. Flight home July 4: No problem from Myrtle Beach to Charlotte. Flight out of Charlotte scheduled for 8.20 pm to Hartford. Walked to gate to confirm location. Went to eat and came back to get to find gate was moved back to D concourse. Time also delayed 30 minutes. Time kept getting pushed back. A plane arrived and deboarded and were told we had to wait for service. At 9.00 we were told the plane was not cleared to fly. After 15 minutes we were sent back to B concourse. Boareded a plane there and again sat on plane for 30 minutes at gate awaiting who knows what. Ultimately took off 1.5 hours late. Overall poor customer service, significant delays, and no consideration for passengers who spent a lot of money to fly there airline. I will go back to JetBlue or Southwest for half the price and never experienced a problem with them. You lost this customer for good AA."
"Verified Review | Flew LaGuardia to Charlotte. Simply, American Airlines are the worst of at least 40 carriers I have flown. Every flight is late but they cook the books so it looks like they leave on time as they have an hour window at least. The staff are cranky and rude and most look well worn. The planes are falling apart and don't expect anything if you complain. AA like to make you angry by reading a script about how sorry they are. Any day that is spent on an AA plane or within a 2 metre radius of an AA staff member is bound to be a bad day for the customer. Don't fly with AA unless you have to for business like I do."
"Verified Review | Flew from Dallas Fort Worth to Chicago. I guess there's something called \"shabby chic\" in air travel, since the aircraft was in ramshackle condition. The partitions had foam insulation surrounding the edges. The window frames were literally falling off. The bottoms of the luggage containers had smears, showing they hadn't been cleaned in ages. Talk about deferred maintenance, and this was the first class cabin. The flight crew matched the apathy of the maintenance guys, as people boarded they holed up in the galley to chat, and never went through the cabin. American Airlines you can do better."
"Verified Review | I had an awful experience with American Airlines today flying from Orlando to Dallas Fort Worth. After they made all the passengers board earlier than scheduled because bad weather was approaching, we sat at the gate for 45 minutes because they had some catering issues. Apparently there weren't enough refreshments for all of us. The A/C of the cabin was broken (I assumed) since it was only blowing hot air. The only time that airplane was cool was when we took altitude. The flight crew couldn't care less about the passengers. They took as long as they could to replenish the freezers with the refreshments and to serve the drinks during the flight. They didn't even pick up the trash. After landing, we encountered yet another surprise: we didn't have a gate. I recommend choosing a cheaper airline."
"Verified Review | New York City to Miami with American Airlines and I will never fly with them again. First they cancelled my 2nd July flight \"due to weather\" - it was sunny. Then they reschedule me to fly the following day when I needed to be in Miami on the 2nd. I look up prices for later in the day July 2nd and they are all $1000-$2000 a piece. Great strategy to make money. I flew on the 3rd. Complete chaos and disorganization. They wouldn't give me a seat assignment until the very end and had to board the plane once all the overhead compartments were full. The American Airlines employees were extremely rude. I have flown with them before and it was never a good experience."
"Los Angeles to Miami with American Airlines. Has to be the worst airline that I've travelled with - every flight was delayed. Every little thing was expensive even the headphones. Just all around uncomfortable. Service is slow and never worth choosing them over another airline. They do not give you food anymore or have TVs on the plane. Almost $10 for a mini bar bottle - it lacks professionalism."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Orlando. Worst airline I have ever flown with. Very unaccommodating and rude. Was not able to check my bag online, had to sit in the line for 30 mins for that. Apparently I can't order more than 2 drinks because the staff has the right to decide if 1 or 2 drinks is or isn't too much for me."
"Verified Review | American Airlines should be nothing short of embarrassed with their 767 service out of O'Hare International. I have flown Flight 1377 Chicago - Miami three times in the last two months and have had delays of 5 and 4 hours on these flights. Each time, there was no plane waiting at the gate and we were told they 'were doing maintenance at the hangar' and it would be ferried over shortly. Hours later, when they actually presented a 767 at the gate, we had further delays for 'new' onboard maintenance issues. In my last flight in late June, they boarded everyone, then said they had another 'minor' maintenance issue, then 45 minutes later, they deboarded everyone and sent us to a new gate. We had to wait there for yet another 767 to arrive and then once it did and we boarded - guess what - it too had maintenance issues and were further delayed. Final tally - 2 planes and five hours late to Miami, a full day of travel to cover what is a scheduled 2 1/2 hour flight, 8.20am departure arrived 6.00pm. Anyone who was unlucky enough to have connections out of MIA, which many people do, lost a full day of their vacation or business plans. I generally like flying jumbo jets, but if AA cannot properly maintain their 767s, then they clearly should not schedule them. I will no longer book any AA 767 service as I have completely lost confidence in what I had previously regarded as a top airline, to be able to provide anything close to reliable, \"on time\" service."
"This was the most annoying and frustrating travel experience I have had. First, my flight from Sydney was delayed 2 hours after passengers were on board because of a faulty valve. This made a 14 hour flight turn into/feel like a 16 hour flight. This then made me miss my connecting flight out of LA. Instead of going straight to Columbus, I was sent to Philly. The flight attendants were rude and complained to the passengers. My final flight to Columbus was then delayed 3 hours. Instead of getting home at 5.20 pm like originally planned, I didn't get home until 1.01 am. To top it off, I had paid for a window seat on two of the planes, and was denied both this seat option and a reimbursement for it. When talking to customer service about it, the lady was texting while talking to me and refused to help me. I will never fly American again. This further proves that Delta Airlines is the only reliable company to fly with."
"Verified Review | Grenada to Charlotte via Miami with American Airlines. We sat for 3.5 hours on the plane in Miami awaiting take-off. The oil was low, so we waited 2.5 hours for maintenance to come, then we needed more fuel and then we had to wait on the ground crew. Finally they required all passengers to get off and find other flights. This entire ordeal caused many people to miss connecting flights, all of which could've been avoided from the start. AA did not offer any extra perks for this inconvenience - not even a drink service while sitting on the plane for 3.5 hours. Highly disappointed. They also could've had us get off earlier so we could possibly find earlier flights. One member of staff was set to reschedule 100+ flights for everyone on the plane. Surely, a courteous announcement to call a reschedule number would've worked for those not wanting to wait in line? Ridiculous - many things could have been handled differently."
"I fly this route almost every month and this direct flight from Pittsburgh to Raleigh is either delayed several times or cancelled altogether. This is such an unreliable flight and no one at the airport can ever tell you why it is delayed or cancelled. Ever since American Airlines took over USAir this flight is unreliable. I am spending 12 hours in the airport today rerouting once again due to this airline."
"Verified Review | Had to completely reroute my trip from Chicago, JFK, Milan to Dallas, Miami, Milan because of maintenance issues. Made me late to Milan for starters. Boarded what seemed the oldest plane I've flown on in the last several years. International flight with old wall mounted TV screens, didn't realize they were still around. The seats still had places where the old ash trays used to be. American Airlines - update your fleet."
"Verified Review | Flew Las Vegas to Philadelphia. 3 out of my 4 flights were delayed which resulted in missing both of the important events that my entire trip was based around. They have not done anything to try to help at my request. I've oveheard from the passengers around me that American Airline has been very disappointing lately so this is not an unusual accurance. I do not recommend anyone fly this airline."
"Los Angeles to Toronto with American Airlines. I'm normally not a person who would use my time writing reviews online; however this has been my worst flight experience which prompted me to write this review. My flight was delayed two hours and on top of that the employees barely explained the situation as the terminal computer information has been misplaced causing everyone to ask each other admist the chaos. The previous flight has been delayed as well and droves of people ended up waiting for their flights to Philadelphia and Toronto at the same time. The gates ended up getting switched and even then we didn't get to board. After the employees shepherded all of us to the gate we still didn't get to board and they didn't even give us an ETD. The only time they gave us one was when we they said we would be able to board in ten and we then proceeded to wait another thirty plus minutes. Worst flight experience ever and I didn't even board yet."
"Verified Review | We just took American first class on a 777 from Dallas Fort Worth to Tokyo Narita. Got a good deal on the flight using miles, but if a deal is too good to be true, it usually is. This class of service should be called enhanced business class, at best. The seats are a bit narrow given the armrests, and hard as bricks. No duvet or other cover to make them into a real bed. They just lie flat. There's also one small pillow. No small light by your seat: if you want a reading light there's only intrusive spotlights in the ceiling panel. 2-together middle seats don't seem to have a partition that rises, which would give you sleeping privacy from a stranger. The bathroom showed a lot of use, with lots of tape and old tape remnants holding in place the toilet. Zero amenities in there, too. There were several lotions in a Cole Hann travel kit by your seat, but not one disposable razor nor shave cream nor comb. Dining was similar. Large portions, but bean counters were again counting. A salad with breakfast had lettuce and two halves of one (yes, one) cherry tomato. Nothing else, not a sliver of a olive nor a shred of onion. And for breakfast forget getting salt and pepper shakers and just rip open a paper packet. There's also no drink cart (a nice way to discourage consumption) and the wines were mostly the sort you find in upscale grocery stores. Stag's Leap is the Chardonnay and one of the reds is Montepulciano d'Abruzzo (not to be confused with the fine reds from Montepulciano in Tuscany). Service was spotty. My wife and I were together but I seemed to get dinner service about 10 minutes before her. And collecting headsets an hour before landing only accommodates the crew. There's nothing wrong with all this, since it is serviceable, just like economy motels. But if you're paying for something special, is it too much to expect something special? And if airlines are competing for higher-priced international travel, could American just loosen its purse-strings by, say, $99 a passenger in first class? It might make a real difference."
"American uses dubious business practices when booking tickets. I booked tickets for a family of 4 weeks before the flight date. There were no available seats at the time except for the upgraded seats at premium prices. I checked daily for a month and no seats opened. I hoped to get seats when we got to the airport. When I checked in online 24 hours pre-flight, I checked seats again. Surprisingly there were 42 empty aisles and window seats now available. American wanted to sell out the middle seats first, then make you pay extra for an upgraded seat rather than make all the empty seats available. We got 2 aisle seats and 2 window seats in the same row. The plane was extremely small and the seats were closer together with less legroom than any of the other 7 carriers I've flown domestically this year - by a lot. When the seat in front of me reclined I had no room to read my iPad without propping it on the top of the seatback in front of me. This made for a very unpleasant flight. Further - all the cabin overhead lights were turned off for the entire flight. It was a red eye but there was no option to turn a light on if you wanted to. Whenever a passenger opened a window blind they were told by the flight crew to close it. This was supposedly to allow people to sleep (because nobody sleeps on day flights obviously) but in effect it minimized the work the cabin crew had to do since everyone was relegated to darkness and had little reason to ask for anything from them. The worst airline and the worst flight I've ever taken is an impressive one-two punch. Avoid American at all costs. I'll never fly them again."
"Verified Review | Extremely rude and unprofessional customer service at boarding desk. My wife, 13 year old daughter, 10 year old son and I were traveling from Barcelona to Philadelphia then from there to Los Angeles. In Barcelona we had a delay for 2 hours (sat in the airplane after boarding for 2 hours) therefore we missed our flight to LAX. In Philadelphia we were given new boarding passes for our flight to LAX. We got 4 seats in four different locations. When we asked the customer service agent at the boarding desk to change our seats to sit us together, she was so rude and unprofessional indicating the flight was full and she was not able to do so. This was incorrect because while we were waiting we noticed she was selling tickets to other people for the same flight as ours. I had to fight for them to rearrange our seats so that one parent sit with one child. It looks like they did not care about our concerns for our children sitting between two strangers in 6 hours night flight from coast to coast."
"I travelled from El Paso to Syracuse with American Airlines for a business trip and this airline does not seem well organized. My flight was delayed 2 hours from El Paso and I missed my connecting flight. With an hour and a half layover in Chicago, I did not make it to Syracuse until midnight. On the return flight home, yet another delay in North Carolina caused me to miss my connection. Another delay in Phoenix occurred and both were due to the fact the aircraft departing had not arrived. The only nice thing is that they automatically accommodate booking issues. The flight snack is not very good and the service is mediocre. Not a good experience overall."
"Verified Review | Denver to Baton Rouge via Dallas with American Airlines. My flight was delayed an hour because of \"maintenance\" and during that hour they kept telling us 10 more minutes every 10 minutes. I missed my connecting flight because of the first delay. They gave me a hotel voucher, breakfast voucher, and a taxi voucher. What they don't tell you is that taxis can deny the voucher and that the hotel is 50 minutes away from the airport and won't accept the breakfast voucher. I will never fly AA again I would rather pay an extra to never experience this again."
"New York JFK to Dublin with American Airlines. Checked in online the night before but shouldn't have bothered. At the airport we had to check in our bags and were issued with boarding cards again. The bag check has been automated and the system wouldn't record 2 of our 4 bags, support was poor and the lady who directed us to customer services to resolve the issue said there was no queue. We actually queued for 1.5 hours to resolve the issue. In total 2.5 hours to check 4 bags was ridiculous and the staff who were obvioulsy under pressure and disgruntled were very unhelpful. A lack of information all round meant that people were missing flights through no fault of their own. If this is new technolgy you expect problems but you resource it properly and American Airlines don't. The staff told me this happens every day - an abdication of responsibility by management then. By the time I got through security it was nailed on I will never fly with American Airlines again. Not to mention the standard of plane used across the Atlantic or my previous flight the week before from San Francisco to Philadelphia where I encountered the rudest crew I ever had the misfortune to be served by. If these staff feel and act like they do then AA have massive issues and custromers will be voting with their feet."
"Verified Review | First Class on American Airlines from Dallas Fort Worth to Seoul Incheon: cabin not bad, but service is terrible. The seat is comfy enough and makes a nice bed. Also interesting is how it moves around. But the video selection is truly poor and lacking in selection. The worse for me was the service. Truly pathetic. I had the only lady flight attendant in First Class. She was rude and nasty from the beginning. At one point I was having trouble opening the tray table. She uttered in anger \"it takes more strength\". She put the tray with food on my lap, angrily opened the table and left, leaving the food on my lap. Passengers traveling in this class pay a lot of money and the least they deserve is a little respect from those whose job it is to make them feel comfortable. It got so bad that I avoided her the rest of the flight. I have never been treated so rudely, not even on budget carriers. AA needs to train its staff better."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Los Angeles to Kahului. From the moment I stepped out of the car every employee was so rude. I selected seats when I made the reservation. They disappeared. I had to go to the customer service counter. At Los Angeles there were 2, yes only 2 employees at the counter. I was surrounded by self-service kiosks that would not address my issue. The line was incredibly long. An employee told me to go outside to the curb and use the curbside service to check in. I approached the employee and asked if he could check us in. He could not give me a direct answer. He had a terrible attitude and was condescending and rude. When he finally looked up the reservation he said he could not check us in because there was a problem. We went back to the line and started over again. Finally at the counter we got checked in. On the plane things didn't get any better. The service was so bad. The passenger next to me was traveling with a young child seated across the aisle. We moved around so the child could be sitting with one of his parents. The passenger asked if he could have 2 tiny snacks. The flight attendant adamantly refused stating only 1 was allowed. The passenger on my right asked the attendant if she could take her cup of water away. The attendant said - \"I can't do that right now\" and never returned. Granted these are minor issues but the attitude of every single employee was so rude. This is a service industry. There are so many choices. This was by far the worst choice I have made. I booked 5 tickets and selected seats. My seat assignment disappeared and we were randomly seated. This was the beginning of a very unpleasant flight. We have a reasonable expectation that as paying customers we will treated pleasantly. Never again."
"Flew Philadelphia to Ottawa. If you love getting places late this American Airlines is for you. Mechanical difficulties with all flights I've been on. They are the least reliable airline I've flown with. Seems like everything they do puts you one step behind on your trip. My flight home to Ottawa they had us wait 2 hours well they tried to fix the door of the plane. After that amount of time they game up and got us to another plane. This new plane had a faulty cockpit seat so now we're blessed with another 2 hour wait. Could have been home 2 hours ago now. Great service!"
"Verified Review | We booked a vacation via Travelocity in early March for this June. About three weeks later, we get an email saying that our flight has been changed to leave three hours and a half hours earlier, creating a 4 hour layover in Dallas before heading to our real destination of Cozumel. They also changed our return flight to arrive at a completely different airport on the opposite side of the city (about an hour away). This flight also included more layover time. I tried to check in online the night before our flight and checked my bags. I wanted to make sure that we could get in and on the plane quickly and easily. This is the best way to travel through any other airlines I've been on. Not so with American Airlines. It was upon checking in and checking my bags and feeling this great relief that a few minutes later I get the dreaded email - they changed our flight again, just hours before our flight. This time they added another 2 hours layover in Dallas making it a 6 hour layover and it's leaving two hours earlier. We were already booked on a dawn flight. Please keep in mind that flying directly to Cozumel from Houston is only 2 hours total. Since we are flying this airline, we are flying first to a more northern location to wait more than half a day and then back south to our final destination. We arrive at the airport without any sleep because they didn't tell us until 9 pm that they were changing our flight to 5:10 AM. The airport is an hour from our house and this is an international flight, so we had to leave our house by 2 am to get there on time for customs. We actually decided to leave even earlier since we couldn't sleep anyway and got to the airport by 2:30 AM. This is two hours and forty minutes before our flight and there is no one at the ticketing booth. In fact, they had a long line and all the passengers were worried about missing their flights. No one came to the booth until just past 3 am and still took on average 25 minutes for each group of travelers. We didn't get to security until about 50 minutes before our flight and they almost didn't let us on. In fact, one of the security ladies chewed me out because I was feeling antsy and worried about making my flight. She barked that I should have gotten to to the airport well before my flight. I was. It was American Airlines fault for not being at their ticketing booth on time, nor having enough agents to check in their passengers. They are the ones who moved our flight to the middle of the night without our permission, and without any options to change this. It's not our fault they don't have staff to deal with these changes they inflict on their clients. I am actually on the plane and I am going to try to move past how upsetting this whole experience is and that I will waste a full day of my vacation without any sleep and stuck in an airport north of my destination and departing city. The only thing that gives me peace of mind in all of this is that there are other options/airlines in the future because I will never fly with them again after my return flight, which I pray they don't screw up too. We leave tomorrow afternoon for home on this airline. All of this and they charged us baggage fees when I originally checked in online and then charged again when we checked in at the airport because American Airlines had to modify our return flight. They have yet to reimburse for the duplicate charges."
"Seattle to Madison via Dallas with American Airlines. Another horrible experience plagued by last minute flight cancelation, rebooking mistakes by the airline, and incompetent customer service. Luckily after hours on the phone and a trip to the airport American finally followed through on rebooking me to a United flight. Unfortunately I was not so lucky on my return. For that leg I had to fly American. It began with delay after delay, enough to make me miss my connection and be told I would be stranded in Dallas until the following day, no explanation given and staff showed no interest. Finally landed in Dallas after an hour delay to find there is no plane for my connecting flight anyway. Constant gate changes and finally after a 3 hour wait we departed on a dirty plane with damaged seats. We finally landed at 1am and were forced to walk across the tarmac (no jet bridge) in the dark to find our own luggage. I have had many bad experiences with this airline but this is it, I'm done. I doubt that they care but I will not fly American again."
"Flew Dallas to Denver, no more American Airlines for my family. So tired of delayed flights and then standing at the baggage claim for thirty minutes and still no luggage. I say no more every time and then end up giving \"one more chance\" but not this time. Finally arrived two and a half hours late and are still waiting on our luggage."
"I had a very bad experience with American Airlines. I bought the ticket and paid extra fee for preferred seat. At the end, the flight cancelled. I was given for a different flight with different departure time, this flight was delayed and my trip end up cancelled again because there was no connection flight for me. Finally, they booked me for the next day flight at noon time. I had to call in to talk to customer service to because I had to be there earlier for my meeting. They did book me for 7:00am fight with a seat 9c. When I got to the airport with my boarding pass on hand and the seat printed on there, they told me no seat available for me. So I had to wait until everyone finished boarding and then they assigned me a seat (from 9c now move to 28a. This is very ver bad experience. I paid for the date that I wanted to flight and paid extra money for preferred seat. At the end my trip was moved to next day (3 times) and from seated preferred to non-seated."
"Verified Review | I have flown American Airlines about 5 times now and only one flight has gone right. None of my flights are ever on time. I'm currently dealing with my third delay today flying from Dallas Fort Worth to Los Angeles because they can't find the captain. I can completely understand if it were a weather related issue however this is simply an organization issue. Not to mention how I called for assistance multiple times on the plane only to be ignored. This will be the last time I fly with AA, avoid them at all costs."
"Verified Review | Current flight has been delayed by 1 hr and 45 minutes. Airline did not post delay until boarding time, which made it impossible to change flights. Now I will not make my connecting flight in Miami. They have rebooked me onto a route that is so inconvenient that it will get me there at 1am. I have been at JFK since 6am. That means I'll have been traveling 19 hours by the time I land at my destination."
"We used to fly to Cancun and Mazatlan on US Airways and got great flights at reasonable prices. Ever since American took over the prices are insane and the flights are horrible. I used to pay under $500 for October (it is still hurricane season) and now I have to pay $700. I purposely booked a red eye that would get me in at 10 am and just got a notice saying it was changes to a 6am flight getting in late in the afternoon. Now my friend and I have paid and there's nothing we can do about it. You used to be able to go through Phoenix and have a short layover on the way down, now most flights are through LA or Dallas and have two stops instead of one. We just booked two trips and pretty much used up our air miles so from now on we'll use our capital one card so we can choose a different airline."
"Verified Review | Flying American Airlines is one of the worst experiences I've had in a while. Not only was I given a 1 hour notice that my flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Washington Reagan had been cancelled, and rebooked for the following day, causing me to miss work, but then my bag was checked when there was plenty room on the plane. I said I didn't want to check it, but they did it any way because it 'didn't fit the size requirements'. However it fit in my departure flight. I argued that if it was the same plane then it should fit on the flight returning to DC. They refused, yet allowed larger bags to go after mine. I thought flying Spirit Airlines was bad, but now I have two airlines that I will avoid in the future."
"Verified Review | American Airlines forced me to check a bag I brought on the plane on my outbound flight and approved in at the security line, I would have been in group 2 sot here would have been plenty of space for it. However, now I've been sitting on the plane for over an hour and haven't moved from gate for my flight from Phoenix to New York JFK. Ten mins more they keep saying. Never again will I fly AA, seats too small for anyone over 5 ft. Crew just sitting around while we all are sitting here thirsty, you would think they would at least offer water - horrible experience."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Detroit with American Airlines. Packed mainline A319. No service whatsoever on a nearly 2-hour flight - not even water. Flight attendants ignored the call button. There was no turbulence, therefore the reason for this total lack of service remained unknown. I wonder whether this is the \"new normal.\" Seat 9D (\"main cabin extra\") had adequate legroom but was extremely narrow, so the overweight passenger in 9E constantly \"spilled over\" into my seat. Cannot recommend American in domestic coach over the discount carriers. Even Spirit and Southwest do better. (Spirit makes it clear that everything costs money and is happy to sell water and Southwest provides free drinks on flights of similar duration)."
"Flew Dallas to Mexico. When you think the seats cannot get any smaller, well, yes they can. American Airlines started providing these premium economy seats with extra space for your legs, however, instead of eliminating a row they just made every single other seat smaller - it's ridiculously small. Extremelly disappointed and I plan on switching my preferred airline for now."
"Verified Review | Birmingham to New York via Charlotte with American Airlines. This was a round trip. In both directions one of my flights was cancelled. Both cancellations were due to unavailability of the pilots. Weather was not a factor. Before my outbound trip the airline failed to inform me my original flight was cancelled and that my new flight would leave from a different airport. Overall an approximately 4 hour route ended up taking me 10 hours outbound and 8 hours for the return. Customer service seemed ambivalent to the massive inconvenience the airline was causing. In the future I will make every effort to avoid American Airlines."
"Verified Review | Washington Dulles to Toronto via Charlotte with American Airlines. The first flight was delayed so we would miss the connecting flight. No apologies - told to go and find staff in Charlotte to find out what options we have. Once in Charlotte, we were informed the next flight to Toronto was cancelled and offered a flight to JFK and then to Toronto the next day. The lady at the counter asked me to sleep in the airport for the night, I declined the offer and elected to stay in a hotel - no apologies once again and no help with hotels. Next day I reached JFK, only to find the next flight is delayed 4 hours. I left Dulles for a 1 hour flight trusting American Airlines and now for the second day it is late evening I am still stuck with no hope of reaching Toronto. Worst experience, I should have walked."
"Back in January, I booked a direct flight from JAX (Jacksonville, FL) to ORD (O'Hare-Chicago, IL) through Expedia. My family and I were returning home from my niece's graduation and my son had school the following day. The flight number was 4266 and it was scheduled to leave JAX at 5.20pm and arrive at ORD at 7.09pm. About a month later Expedia called and stated that American had dropped that flight and we would need to reschedule. The only available flights that would get us home at a decent hour was to go from JAX to CLT (Charlotte, NC) at 4.54pm-6.15pm and then CLT to ORD at 7.05-9.14pm. Certainly not what I wanted, but better than nothing. This was all for a flight on May 23rd, 2016. We arrived at the airport about 2.30pm and proceeded to our gate. So much for the long security line. Sometime after that, we received an alert from Expedia that our flight was delayed by 30 minutes. About 5 minutes later, Expedia alerted us that our flight was now an hour late. Still nothing from American even though they had my email, phone number and I had the American Airline app on my phone all setup for alerts. About 5 minutes after the second Expedia alert American finally sent an alert via phone call that our flight was 30 minutes late. That was the only notice we received from American outside of the announcements at the gate that did not start until later. I knew we would miss our connecting flight so I went to the gate to inquire about a later flight from CLT to ORD. I was informed that they automatically pushed us back to the 10.35 flight from CLT to ORD. Nice to have a seat but where was the notification? Not to mention that the flight was not schedule to land at ORD until 11.44pm. A little late for my son to be out on a school night. I was also told by the person working the gate that my original direct flight was being put back on the schedule in June. Very nice of her to point that out, especially when it didn't help me at the time. Or maybe I could have just stayed at the airport another few weeks. Our flight out of JAX ended up 2 1/2 hours late giving us enough time to get to the gate in CLT with about 15 minutes to spare. Thank goodness we had carry-ons only. Our flight to ORD was slightly delayed but not too bad. The flight attendant forgot to offer my wife and I our complimentary beverage during service. I had to ask her for a drink and she seemed put off that I did so. I called customer service to complain as I had paid a premium originally for a direct flight, was bumped to a cheaper flight and was now bumped again to an even cheaper flight. They said they could not help me and I needed to send an email to customer relations. So I did explaining exactly what happened and how I was now also going to need to spend money on a meal at the airport that I did not plan to do. And we all know those are not cheap. American Airlines response to me was that services were provided. I will never fly American again and will never recommend them."
"Flew Manchester to JFK with American Airlines. Horrible airline to fly with - they're on a par with Ryanair in terms of space in the seat, not ideal for flying beyond 2 or 3 hours. I had to lean sideways to the next seat (luckily, my husband's) so I could store my bag under the seat in front. They didn't have enough of both meals to cover everyone so by the time they got to me the only option I had was pasta, which I can't eat. On the whole, the JFK staff were not nice but the American Airlines staff were very rude to everyone, rolling their eyes and moaning to each other loudly about passengers. It was disgraceful behaviour. Our flight was fully boarded on time when we got an announcement saying the essential engine checks had started late so we'd be leaving 'in about half an hour'. Forty minutes later we were still sat on the runway. Two hours later we were still on the runway, queuing behind 17 other planes waiting to take off. We weren't even offered water during this time. Never again."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to London Heathrow with American Airlines - never had such a bad experience travelling with children. Not given the chance to sit together - only at check in was I offered the choice to take the last row near the galley and restroom. I was in the last group to board and when I finally boarded the plane I was told that there is no space for our hand luggage. Staff didn't help me and no apology - it took me a long time and I finally found space about 20 rows before my seat. My kids had all there food and games in there but I wasn't able to access it. I later found out the luggage space above our seats was saved for the flight attendants. The smell from the galley was terrible and the flight attendants were laughing and talking loud, so unhelpful - I will never travel with AA again."
"Verified Review | Another customer stated this, and I could not agree more: \"I know American can't control the weather, but they can teach their agents to not add insult to injury in a difficult situation.\" I'm currently sitting at Charlotte Airport, having faced a flight that was delayed yesterday afternoon due to poor weather in the area. Though things looked clear down below, we circled for an hour and a half before being diverted to Greensboro to wait out the storm. From there, however, we were delayed another two hours waiting on fuel and gate accessibility and just general disorder in an airport clearly ill equipped to deal with the diversion. By the time we made it back to Charlotte, there were too many planes there to get anyone who was even close to making their connection into the airport - at this point what was meant to be a 2 hour flight had taken 5.5 hours. Stood in a never-ending line waiting for rude customer service and spent the night sleeping on Reagan-era chairs. The next morning we were treated like second class citizens, shuttled from gate to gate waiting on standby flights like we were looking for a handout and hadn't paid a hefty price to book in the first place. It's one thing to have weather impact the flight experience; that's no one's fault. But to treat paying customers like they're an inconvenience to the airline and previously ticketed passengers the following morning is unacceptable. I'm going to board this flight back to San Francisco, simmer, de-plane and never fly American Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Punta Cana to Chicago via Philadelphia with American Airlines. Our plane left Punta Cana late because AA couldn't fit all their commercial cargo on correctly and it had to be removed. We were 10 minutes late for our connection and although AA knew of the delay for 4 hours they made no provision to provide transport to the gate or delay the connecting flight 8 minutes. We had to stay the night in Philadelphia. We got the 5am flight out the next day but sat on the tarmac for 2 hours and then told the plane couldn't fly. We were delayed another 4 hours. American Airlines is incompetent and we have to endure their inability to provide basic service."
"Verified Review | Flew American Airlines from Los Angeles to Miami. Boarding started at 9.15pm, at 9.30pm there was no more room for carry-on luggage and they asked everyone to check their carry-on luggage in. I was carrying my camera and very fragile items in my bag, however I couldn't take this onboard with me while they let some people board with more than 1 carry-on. They were talking to people like a flock of sheep. One was shouting at a lady \"Hey, pink T-shirt, boarding pass!\" No apologies for the inconvenience they were putting us through. The worst thing was that they had nothing to eat for a 5 hour flight, no sandwiches or salads, only cheese. The entertainment on board - I have no words to describe it. The free movies were from the 90's, if you want to watch the latest releases you have to pay $7.99 per movie."
"Verified Review | I fly very regularly within the US for business and almost always use Alaska. This time I had to opt out with flying American Airlines on the way back to Seattle from Philadelphia and it was the worst travel experience I have had in years. In Philadelphia: the flight was overbooked. The plane was old, but my seats were okay because I paid extra for preferred seats and sat in the front area. Once onboard, it turned out that there was an issue with their A/C. At first we were told it would take a \"few minutes\", 15-20 min later, this was extended to \"30 min, at best\". After over an hour we were told this may take up to 2 hours and another 10 mins later finally asked to deplane. I had a connecting flight in Chicago following a layover of just over 2 hours - which meant that the connection was no more. After talking to the gate agent I was put on a new connection, from Philly to Charlotte and then to Seattle. Of course, my careful seat selection that I did during booking was gone. The plane I then got onto was old, seats old and cramped so tightly together I couldn't even sit straight. I could not reach anywhere once the table was unfolded. I sat in the very back, center seat, all of which was the opposite of what I had paid money for so that I would not have to endure it. Suffice to say: this flight again was delayed, over half an hour. Finally in Charlotte, off to the next flight: pretty much the same thing, except that this one at least had wifi. However, since American Airlines does like to overbook their flights they now collected my carry on because all overheads were full, although I told them I was already late and needed to run once we arrived in Seattle. To no avail, customers needs don't matter. And of course it left delayed. We landed at 8.42 and the baggage claim carousel started running at 9.21 - nearly 40 minutes. I finally had my carry-on back and it was past 9.30."
"Flew American Airlines from San Francisco to New York. Food was okay, flight time was okay, arrived early and seats were normal/expected level of comfort. Service was for the most fairly quick but the flight attendants have the worst attitude I've encountered on any airline. Rude looks when you press the bell to ask for something, as though it isn't their job and you're inconveniencing them. Honestly wouldn't choose to fly them again. Lagging well behind other airlines, the company should do some mystery shopping to see how their attendants behave when they think no one is there to see."
"Verified Review | My flight was cancelled the evening before \"due to weather\" in Dallas. Even though most of it didn't materialize. I was to leave at 7am. I was told the only other available flight on any airline would be at 11.30am. I was told I couldn't be put on a wait list but I could standby for an earlier flight. So I arrived early only to discover that I could have been put on a standby list. I did not get on the earlier flights because so many others were already on the standby list and the 11.30 was nearly an hour late. I had to check my bag at the gate (not for gate pickup though) because, even though I am a relatively frequent flyer, had been delayed 5 hours, I was given last boarding priority. I am a patient person, but the complete lack of empathy about a situation that was causing a hardship really needs attention. I know American can't control the weather, but they can teach their agents to not add insult to injury in a difficult situation."
"American Airlines from Detroit to Manchester, UK via Philadelphia. They rescheduled my flight for no reason. I only received robot calls. I need to be in UK for a conference on 5/26. I planned to leave on 5/25, which is today. But when I was about to leave home, their robot called me and said my flight was delayed and they will have to reschedule me to tomorrow's flight. I called back to their toll free number, they just transferred me from one person to another person, and no one could really help. The most ridiculous thing is that I checked my flight status online, it was only 10 min late. I would not affect my connection at all. I called back again, they said they don't know if it will be more delayed and I will not be able to make it to the flight to UK. So I said, I want to canceled the tickets. They said, this number can only rebook your ticket. If you needed to cancel the ticket, you need to talk to ticket department. The ticket department transferred me to vacation department. No one can solve my problem. They just want the money from my pocket. I said I want to file a complaint, they said they don't have a number for complaints, I can only email! I said I want to talk to someone for refund, again, I can only email! And I just checked my flight status. It was on time. So they just rebooked me for no reason. They just oversell the tickets and rebook people with lies."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas. I fly quite often, and I had yet to have an experience like this one. American Airlines staff were very low energy in some instances, even rude. When the food cart came around, I asked them what they had and the guy pushing the cart gave me a strange look and said \"didn't you look at the menu?\". When I said I didn't see one in the seat pocket, he said \"look again and get back to me\" and then left - I didn't see him again for the rest of the flight. The woman serving drinks was noticeably annoyed that I asked for coffee and orange juice. The seats were uncomfortable, the whole thing was pretty awful. I'd have to say that out of all of the airlines I've been on, and there have been quite a few, American Airlines is the WORST. I won't be using them again. You shouldn't either."
"Saint Martin to Philadelphia with American Airlines. I am 27 years old and my mother is 62. In all our years of travel neither of us had ever experienced anything like our flight out of Saint Martin yesterday. We booked a direct flight that left at 2:40PM and was to land in Philadelphia at 7:13PM. When we boarded the plane we were told we would arrive in Philadelphia early and were very pleased by this news. However, after a short time the pilot told us that there was something wrong with the plane. \"Something\" with no further detail as to what was wrong or how long it would take to repair. After 2 hours of waiting in the plane, we were told that the plane was repaired and would be able to fly. The pilot informed us however that due to \"legal issues\" we would not be able to fly to Philadelphia as planned, which was an estimated 4 hours and 35 minutes, instead we would be flying to Miami a 3 hour and 15 minute flight. We were not told anything other than that. We were then given the option to leave the plane but were told we would not be provided a room. About 40 minutes later we took off for Miami. We landed in Miami and waited on the tarmac for over an hour. Were told that we would be greeted by individuals who would tell us where to go and would take us step by step through customs and our return to the 10:30 flight from Miami to PHL. There was no one there to greet us when we arrived and no one to direct us through customs and security. We went through customs and were required to go through TSA security, despite not leaving the airport or having time to purchase anything. Once we arrived at our flight we were delayed in boarding and did not take off until after 11:30. We arrived in Philadelphia at around 2:00 and there was no one from AA to greet us or speak to. We waited, as a group, for our luggage for over 45 minutes before it began to come out. I am extremely disappointed with how disorganized and unapologetic this airline was. If I can avoid using AA in the future I intend to."
"Flew American Airlines from Sioux City Iowa to Dallas Texas. I was supposed to have a two hour layover and then fly to Houston. After they canceled the first plane I ended up waiting four hours for the next one. Which got canceled. Then the third one had mechanical problems and was going to be delayed for another three hours. I ended up getting a Hertz rent car which cost me an additional $100 because it was an airport Hertz to drive the rest of the way. I was almost late to my daughters first birthday because of this stupid airline. I am so displeased with this flight that I just spent $500 for Southwest to take me back home. Total I have spent $1200. I will never use this airline again. This is the third time I have been messed over by them."
"Paris CDG to Chicago. Hard to believe American Airlines international Boeing 767's have no in seat entertainment. The video monitors that loop poor movies and TV shows are completely inadequate and 20+ years behind the times. Absolutely inconceivable and they've had plenty of time to retrofit. Extremely long queues at CDG for check in as well. On the positive side, flight departed 20 minutes early and arrived an hour early due to lack of headwinds."
"Verified Review | Chicago to San Juan. American Airlines website is poorly designed, unreliable - failed numerous times to record a change. Booked my flight over a month in advance and the only aisle seats shown were $35 - $90 \"upgrade\". Tried within 24 hrs of flight time to change to \"available\" aisle seat showing on website, failed 3 times to record it. Couldn't check in at San Juan till 4 hours before flight and no aisle seats left except the upgrade ones."
"Chicago to London with American Airlines. I have flown AA domestic a couple of times and it wasn't anything to write home about but not awful. I just flew my first international flight with AA and it was pretty horrible. I have a small carry on luggage that I have had for 10 years and have only had to check it once because of weight not for size. Today I had my liquids bag in the front pocket which was making it bulge a bit and when getting ready to board was told it would not fit in the overhead bin I would have to check it. I tried to ask the agent if I could put my liquids bag in the main compartment and they said that it still wouldn't meet the size requirements, that I would have to check it. I showed them that it would fit but they still forced me to check my bag. The flight itself was average, they don't have individual seat TV screens so you were forced to watch poor movies and re-runs of NBC shows such as Chicago Fire, The Tonight Show etc with a ton of commercials which was very bad for a 7 hour flight. The seats were very uncomfortable and we were packed in, any other international economy flight I have taken this was not the case. I have flown Delta internationally many times before and will be choosing them over AA anytime in the future."
"Edinburgh to New York with American Airlines. Having just flown almost around the world, and changing to AA to fly return to New York I was most disappointed. Bearing in mind this is a 7 hour flight, the inflight entertainment was extremely poor. In this day and age all decent airlines provide a generous choice of movies / music to fill the time. Not only did AA have ceiling screens, their choice of movies was abysmal. The food going was ok however coming home the food was terrible and in fact inedible. My travelling companion was charged on the outgoing flight for a gin and tonic but this was complimentary on the return trip? All in all I will not book American again unless they are prepared to move forward with their competition and provide up to date amenities and friendly staff."
"Verified Review | Miami to New York JFK with American Airlines. We flew in the new first class cabin, we were initially turned away at boarding by the desk staff as we were row 11 and row 12 who said \"you are not first class\" and we had to explain ourselves so not the warmest welcome. Once on the plane my daughter was freezing cold so we asked for a blanket and we were told in an annoyed manner that we should have bought a jacket and there were no blankets. I've never been spoken to in such a nasty manner on an airplane in my life, I thought I must have caught a hostess having a bad day so I walked to the galley and asked another staff member and she said the same thing. When we disembarked we passed a few seats with cushions and blankets. I really don't know why the staff were being so unpleasant, we are not demanding passengers at all, infact we only had a glass of water on the whole flight as we planned to eat at JFK before our flight back to London on BA and my goodness what a difference in attitude from the BA staff, they were absolutely lovely."
"Verified Review | American Airlines forced me to check in my carry one luggage only because it was 0.5 inches too big in one direction. In addition, I had to pay for it! The suitcase was fine when I was flying to Philadelphia but on my way back, all of a sudden, it was too big. Also, the flight was half empty with at least 20 empty seats so I do not understand why I was forced to check in my small suitcase. I noticed that a couple with two little children had the same suitcase but in black and they did not have to check it in. A stupid way to try to make extra money. I am not flying American again!"
"Verified Review | Des Moine to San juan via Dallas. Today, Mothers day, my dad wanted to bring me home as a surprise for my mom. Mrs. The American Airlines counter attendant wanted to charge me $265.00 for my two checked bags because supposedly they were oversize. They were not. I did not have the complete amount with me and she did not want to accept any other form of payment. We tried everything from instant transfers to my accounts but because the amout it would take three days to show in my account. A prepaid American card for the bag fees takes two hours so I would not make that flight and not make it home for Mothers day. My dad instructed me to check in without bags and throw them away. The counter staff did not mind doing that, so with my boarding pass in hand I asked her fellow co-worker to show me a garbage disposal for my bags. He was completly shocked and did not allow me to leave without my bags. He charged me $25.00 and I am on my way home! People like the first counter attendant are the ones that caused American Airlines bankcrutcy, it is sad people like her co-worker pay jointly for her attitude toward clients."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Columbus via Charlotte with American Airlines. First leg of my flight was good, but second leg of flight was delayed numerous times - as always the gate attendants are slow if at all sharing information. Per the gate attendant, the flight is being delayed because one of the flight attendants hasn't shown up, not a pilot or co pilot but a flight attendant. If American cannot even schedule the personnel why should I think they can get me to my destination on time. Shame on you AA your customer service really sucks."
"I flew American Airlines from Washington to Seoul via Dallas Ft Worth. The check in was smooth and lounge was acceptable. Friendly crew for the first sector. The problem was on the plane from Dallas to Seoul. I flew Business Class and the seats were angled lie flat. Very uncomfortable for a 14+hr flight. The food was average. However, the crew was so rude. When I asked for a shoehorn, they said that AA did not offer shoehorns, even in Business Class. When I asked why the airline didn't have a shoehorn, they told me not to fly with them. I called the purser and no apology given. Terrible service."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Las Vegas. We arrived to the gate minutes before takeoff time and were told our seats were given to standby passengers. We were offered to try standby on full flights or to be confirmed for $150 for an evening flight. In none of the confirmation emails we received were we told that our tickets could be given away. It was mentioned that doors close 10 minutes prior to departure and we made that timeline. Everybody we dealt with was rude, with zero effort for customer service."
"Verified Review | Amsterdam to Toronto via Philadelphia. It was my first time and my last time flying with American Airlines. Right from departing from Amsterdam, the not so comfortable journey back home began. The crew was not friendly, in a rush to pick up things right after they served and a smelly blanket. Then came the painful part after landing in Philadelphia. My flight was supposed to take off at 3:30 pm. The ground staff informed us that there is an issue with the plane and the waiting process began. Three hours after the wait we're notified that the plane will not be taking off and we will be put on another flight coming in at 7pm. The flight came in at 7pm as scheduled, people got off and then the screen flashed with no prior warning \"flight cancelled\" and we were all left to fend for ourselves. I was responsible to find my own flight since AA incompetent ground staff cannot do anything except for give me a number to call. I finally got put on a American Eagle flight departing at 8:30pm, but that flight got delayed as well and did not take off till 10pm. There was not a single apology from AA for the fiasco. I learnt a good lesson to never fly with AA again since they don't really care for the people other giving them false and incorrect information time after again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to London Heathrow with American Airlines. The food was poor, but worse was the assistance I had booked because of mobility problems. In Los Angeles this was fine, but in London it was appalling. Too few people providing assistance, no wheelchairs waiting for people who needed them (4 or 5 on my flight), long waits for wheelchairs, long queues for seemingly non-existent buggies. I don't understand why Heathrow cannot get this right, where we received appalling treatment."
"Verified Review | Washington to Columbus with American Airlines. Typical story - delayed 8 minutes, then 30 minutes, then 45 minutes, etc until it reached 4 hours. The reason given was \"We have no crew.\" I wish I could use that excuse at my job. What a terrible company this is. I fly frequently and American is just bad."
"Verified Review | This was the first time in a long time (15 plus years) that I flew on an American Airlines flight. Flew from San Diego to Miami. It was the worst flight I have flown in the last 15 years. The seats felt like sitting on a concrete slab. As a red-eye flight the service was terrible. The entire crew felt like they were being put out of their way in all their duties. It was a 5 hour plus flight and there was not even a small bag of chips provided. The inservice video was not working from my seat with nothing that could be done. On the return flight a week later, another lazy crew was on board. At one point I went to use the lavatory at the rear of the plane and both crew members were sitting in their seats in the last row of the plane talking. In front of the galley was a mother and young daughter who were being shouted at by one of the crew because they had helped themselves to something in the galley. I just hope I never get into another situation where I have no choice but to fly on an American Airlines flight. They are by far the worst to use in my belief."
"Verified Review | Oakland to JFK,New York via Phoenix with American Airlines. Last minute tickets due to a sudden tragic family death. Huge price paid since discount for traveling under circumstances caused by a death refused/eliminated. Made to sit trapped in a plane for an hour delay due to a \"tire issue.\" No temperature control and no crowd control within the plane. I watched the three mechanics below remove the tire, lay it on the tarmac and then appear to be standing around. With a hot, full plane of passengers watching them out the window--you would think they'd work like a racing pit crew, but not them. Took off 1 hour late. Caused missed plane-change connecting flight. No even basic customer service given from gate agents nor the flight attendants about getting us out of Phoenix and home that night though we desperately asked for assistance. Some planes were held so people could make the connection, ours was not with no reason given. We we got on the last American flight out that night only because a nice guy working for the Phoenix airport had a motorized cart and he knew of the last American flight out of there that night and raced us over to it. American gate agent yelled at us as if it were our fault to be arriving late. We incurred a $100 taxi fare because the last plane was to San Francisco instead of Oakland. On JFK to Phoenix leg, multiple passengers and children were allowed to ignore the captain's message about returning to seats and strapping in. As a result aisle remained clogged, children climbing over seats unattended. The chaotic scene was a safety hazard. Flight attendants spent much time in their jump seats curtained off while they talked and laughed. Ran out of food and drinks except warm water and orange juice. No power at seats, no seat screens and extremely limited entertainment options-sound on the music was scratchy and not tolerable. I rarely use American due to their poor ratings - I will not use them even if they were the last plane on earth !"
"Verified Review | Seattle to Buenos Aires via Dallas Ft Worth. I fly regularly to Argentina from the US. I purchase First Class tickets, typically in the region of $5-6000 USD for a return trip. I have to say that AA First Class is not a patch on other international carriers. My most recent trip, the hard product was okay, the seat was comfortable and that was about it. The AVOD system is old, slow, low resolution with a tiny screen. The choice of movies is very limited. Even bearing that in mind, this can be made up for in service. I found the flight crew to be indifferent, the service below average and the attitude seemed to be we were a constant inconvenience preventing them from being able to get back to the socializing at the front of the cabin. I am a very, very low maintenance flyer, but I found even the basics were missed. On the outbound leg, I wasn't even offered a drink at boarding! This is in International First Class. Food choices weren't available from the menu (I was in 2J) and I get the distinct impression that most people on the flight were on FF upgrades as opposed to paying pax. On the return flight, an AA employee (non flight crew) was sitting across from me - he was attentively taken care of, chatted to, given menus/drinks/turn down etc. The Airline is in trouble when it takes care of employees over premium passengers paying thousands of dollars for a seat. Aircraft is getting really old, this was a B777-200, and the interior was probably late 90's or early 2000's. Other than the large seats, everything was to a lower fit, finish and equipment level than an Alaska B737 in economy! There is not excuse for this, in fact, the AA A320 on the connecting flight to Seattle was way better with USB ports, power and a really nice big hi res AVOD system. Delta flies old airplanes too, but their interiors are bang up to date. There was not even a standard 110V power outlet - in First Class! It's hard to be a repeat customer, AA has been good in the past, but they are now firmly in the United Airlines category for me, they don't seem to be too bothered about earning my dollars. Take a leaf out of the Delta book or for that matter, BA or Air NZ."
"Ronald Reagan to Sarasota–Bradenton with American Airlines. My checked bag was lost on a nonstop flight. After several days of hourly hassles on the phone I finally received my bag five days into my vacation. I was told to buy items I needed and submit original receipts, no problem! I spent considerable beach time shopping for necessities and tried to keep costs to a minimum. I submitted original receipts and then the fun began. I was told to fill out a form and resubmit receipts. I complied a second time. I wrote AA my third letter. Almost four months into this I received an email saying they couldn't go forward because they didn't have original receipts. No I don't have original receipts because I sent them to AA four months ago. They just want you to give up in frustration. I don't have any more patience to deal with this so I indeed give up. I will never fly AA again."
"Verified Review | Business trip from Albuquerque to Heathrow followed by a personal trip from Heathrow to Budapest with American Airlines. Coming back the same way. Flight from Albuquerque was delayed, missed my connection. Two-stop flight to Heathrow became three stops with an overall delay of about six hours. On the way back AA lost my booking from Dallas to ABQ. It took about one hour to re-book at Budapest, supposedly due to the incompatible systems AA and BA use. This is not my first bad experience with AA. I would have flown KLM or BA to Europe but due to some crazy government rule I had to book an a US carrier. So far no WI-FI on any of the flights (sitting at Heathrow hoping to catch my connection at Dallas). This is the 21st century. I will never fly AA if I can help it."
"Barcelona to San Francisco via Madrid. Transatlantic sector was ok. Again, the food service, which was the main interaction with the crew, was poorly presented and unattractively arranged. I wish US flight crews would travel on foreign carriers from time to time just to see what style means when providing service. The Boeing 77=37-800 domestic leg was delayed and the FA was completely indifferent - rarely speaking and even fewer smiles. If the job is that much of a drudge, why not try something else. And again, the tray arrangement and meal presentation was of \"diner quality\". All of it was just so uninspired."
"San Francisco to Madrid via Miami with American Airlines. The seat on the Boeing 737-800 in First class was poorly suited to my body and the lack of a foot rest made it far less appealing. The meal was ok but the FA was absent except for the serving - no personal interaction outside of the basics. The flight from Miami to Madrid was okay but there was no panache or style in the service and the FAs again were careful to only do what was minimally expected. Made almost any foreign carrier exotic by comparison. I did like the Boeing 772 seat as it had multiple settings."
"Verified Review | Miami to Edinburgh via New York JFK. I will spare you all of the details of our first and last flight with American Airlines but will instead surmise. Arrive at Miami Intl after a fantastic vacation on a cruise and then at Four Seasons in Miami having travelled to Miami with BA. Check in at Miami. We had 3 bag to check one of which was 2kg overweight but the other 2 bags were significantly under. With any other airline no problem. With American Airlines a major problem which ended up with my wife and I having to open our bags in front of a line and carry a bag of dirty laundry for 14 hours Miami to NewYork on a very very old 767 with the smallest seats ever. Service on board dreadful. Interesting arrival at JFK with a \"go around\" on final? Now the worst - a transatlantic 7 hour flight on a 26 year old Boeing 757-200. Configured with 12 business class and the rest the lowest form of economy class we have ever experienced. Drinks service finally offered after 2.5 hours of the flight. The cabin team just were not interested. One of them during drinks service walked down the aisle with a large plastic bag of pretzel packets and literally threw them at us. They had a total of 6 cans of beer on the trolley? Food after 3.5 hours completely inedible and cold. The announcement of breakfast had everybody in fear. I have had far more legroom on numerous budget airlines on shorthaul. We were so pleased to leave this dreadful, dreadful airline."
"Verified Review | I had the absolute worst experience out of the other 3 carriers I have flown before. American Airlines customer service is almost non existent and they just rip you off and not care. I had a connecting flight in Miami, FL that they scheduled for me, which boarding time was at 8:59 pm and departing time was 9:29 pm. My first flight to Miami landed on time at 9 pm, by the time I was actually off the plane (I pack very light and had one small backpack) it was about 9:07. I ran to my connecting flights gate to make sure I got there in time to check in and board to return home. When I approached the gate (at 9:15), the gate worker asked aloud if anyone was next and after I said that I was on the flight he responded very rudely \"too late, go rebook at the rebooking station\" and as he said that he printed out a boarding pass and handed it to a girl who was on stand by with her boy friend, also on stand by. So he basically did not want to undo what he had just done, which was give my seat away when I got there when I was supposed to be. The lady at the rebooking station then tried to charge me to rebook for something that was not my fault! I was stuck in Miami for over 12 hours, missed my shift at work and my classes. After contacting customer relations about the situation, they told me that it was my fault because I did not get to the gate to check in 30 minutes prior (which would have to have been 8:59 pm, when my first flight was landing). Not only that, but not once did I hear them paging me over head to \"recheck\" or for their last call. After not getting a response back for weeks I decided to call again, the customer service rep then told me that the connecting flight that they had scheduled was in reality not a legal connection because it was set to depart less than 30 minutes after I arrived, that they cannot be less than 45 minutes. Which if that were the case, I would have gotten there in their \"30 minutes policy\" time frame. After sending yet another email asking to be contacted by a superior by phone, I received another email saying that there is nothing they can do. They say they try their best to resolve any issues the best they can, but when they are at fault for something, cannot even admit it nor actually resolve the issue."
"Verified Review | I am baffled at how unprofessional the entire American Airlines staff was at LAX. I was dropping off my parents at LAX We arrived at the airport around 10:30. We went in and used the check-in kiosk (but the kiosk said our confirmation number was incorrect) We decided to wait in line. Once we noticed that the kiosk assistance was free, my father asked for help but was surprised to receive a rude response from the staff member who rolled their eyes and proceeded to walk away. At that time we decided to continue to wait in line to speak with the check-in staff. My father even helped a single mother who was next in line who was clearly having difficulties with putting her luggage on the scale. We noticed that no one from the staff was helping her and seeing that she an infant strapped to the front he decided to step in. At this this point it was 10:50pm and we were getting anxious about missing our flight and going through security. So I took the initiative to walk up patiently to the desk. and was told final boarding was completed and that no other passengers were able to board. However after calling corporate head quarters, once we got home, we learn that final boarding time was actually 15 min prior to the flight time. The desk person told me to rush to ticketing to see if there was a connecting flight to get to our airport in Orlando. When we got to ticketing, we noticed that there were barely anyone in line, but the staff had no urgency or professionalism toward the waiting passengers/customers that needed help. There were only two customers in front of me. This is ridiculous in terms of manpower to customers, as there were 6 American Airlines staff members. I waited 15 minutes in line patiently. During this time, I saw an AA staff member who was easily identifiable. She just finished up with a customer. I waited a few minutes to wait for her to flag the next customer. She didn’t flag the next person (me), but instead was talking casually to the other staff members. So I walked up and waited to be addressed since she was talking. I did not say a single word or interrupt. She looked up at me and said in the most rude condescending disrespectful tone, that they weren’t ready. So I said back, “excuse me I didn’t even say anything to you”. Four other staff members who were free proceeded to talk and chat amongst each other. At this time, there were 7 parties behind us who needed assistance. I was finally helped around 11:10."
"Verified Review | When we checked in, we only recieved our boarding passes from Honolulu to Dallas. Seat on the Boeing 767 was poor, I am a skinny person, and the seat and legroom was horrible for a 7 hour flight. The food was ok, I had a salad for 12 bucks. When we landed in Dallas, we tried to go to a kiosk in the airside, where you can print a boarding pass you didn't recieve at check-in, or so it said. We weren't able to print the boarding pass because American and US Airways were still in the process of merging, but both planes were painted in the American Airlines livery. When we went to the gate, luckily DFW Airport has the sky train, that's a plus, the gate agent refused to give us our boarding pass, so I had to show him the confirmation e-mail. We were the last passengers onboard, there was no overhead baggage space, so we had to go back to the gate agent to have our bags gate checked to Philly. Luckily, I slept throughout this entire flight. Landed in Philly, everything was ok, got our checked bags, and left. Never again will fly on American."
"Salt Lake City to Knoxville via Chicago with American Airlines. Half way through boarding the first flight everyone was removed from the plane. It took the agent 25 minutes to tell the passengers any information as to what was going on. Mechanical problems. We sat for at least an hour before anything else was said. We were told to come to the counter and schedule another flight if we wanted. After standing in line for 45 min we were then handed a 1 800 number to call to reschedule. When I was near completed doing this they said the flight was canceled, we would have to go collect our luggage at the baggage claim, and go through the ticket counter to then get our new boarding passes. The 1800 agent had me scheduled, but it automatically canceled that one and scheduled me on another flight - 1 hour from then. I rushed to collect my bags and at the ticket counter the agent was not concerned about my troubles. The new schedule delayed my arrival by a day and I would have to stay in Chicago over night after arriving at 11 pm. When I asked she told me she didn't see where 'they' were giving any vouchers for food or overnight stay. Also, despite the long security line she wouldn't get me a 'prescreen' pass to get through security quicker. She said 'you have plenty of time.' Well, I did make it, with 3 minutes to spare. She was so right. I was routed through Dallas where I asked the agent there if I would be given a food and/or overnight voucher. She said I would have to check in Chicago, she couldn't help me. Upon arrival in Chicago the airport was almost empty except for a gate where they were about to load a plane. There were 4 agents standing at the counter talking (ie. doing nothing), so I asked one what I needed to do about staying in Chicago and is American Airlines going to give me a voucher. She said 'she was busy having to get ready to load a plane' and gave me another 1800 number to call or I could go down to the service center, which is a collection of phones, but no agents. I decided to consider it a complete loss. It was now almost midnight so I walked to the Airport Hilton, paid for a room, and left the next morning with yet another delay. Since then I have heard similar stories about American. I don't think I will be flying with them again. Customer service couldn't have been worse."
"Verified Review | My flight out was delayed 2 hours due to aircraft problems. They re-routed me which meant not having the 3 hour layover in Phoenix in which I planned to see my brother and his sons. I was not compensated in anyway. When I booked the flight I had to change it and pay $108 but when they mess up my flights there is no compensation. My business in LA concluded earlier than planned and I wanted to get back earlier, they refused to waive a change flight fee for me saying they cannot do it and they told me they do not permit standby either. I took pictures of the disgusting condition of the plane I flew back on - the seat back flaps were peeling away from the seats, it was desheviled and gross. None of the entertainment options or free snacks they boasted about in their in-flight magazine ever occurred. Their employees were the most unprofessional I have ever experienced they never addressed me professionally (ma'am) they were unapologetic and they were irritated at me for expecting to be serviced professionally. I'll never fly American again."
"Verified Review | Albuquerque to Tampa via Phoenix. I fly frequently and my experience with AA has been consistently awful. Most recently, an AA flight canceled due to a crew member not showing up. I was placed on another flight the following day that had additional layovers because that was \"all that was available.\" I was not in my home city so the AA agents gave me a voucher for $150 for cab fair/hotel but when I tried to use it, I was told I needed to pay out of pocket and contact AA Customer relations to get reimbursed. There is no phone number for AA Customer Relations (apparently they do not have phones), only email. I never got an email response and was never reimbursed. And, as if that is not frustrating enough, because I was added late to the alternate flight, I was the last to board, we somehow ran out of overhead space (on two separate flights) and they had to check my small (18\" round) carry-on. I pleaded with the flight attendant to let me keep it because it had valuable/fragile gifts in it but she insisted and it broke. I will never fly AA again. Not just because their customer service is terrible, it is literally non-existent."
"Verified Review | Flew from Tucson to Phoenix with American Airlines. Anyone else feel like we are just dollar signs to these big companies. They cram us in these small seats to fit more of us in there. My flight was delayed, a connection that was supposed to be from Phoenix to Seattle. The reason for delay was \"maintenance\". The purpose of this trip was for me to make it to a meeting. No point now I suppose. Customer service could have made it better with an apology but instead he told me there is nothing that could be done."
"Verified Review | Terrible round trip flight from Seattle to Atlanta with American Airlines. The seats do not recline back at all despite having a button that is supposed to allow you to do so and all the flight attendants tell you to put your seats in the upright position. The arm rests are so hard, if you are a taller than average person be prepared to have a very uncomfortable flight. You can't stretch your feet out, your knees touch the other person's seat, you will be sitting up straight for the whole flight. Make sure to dress warmly as they like to keep you frozen during the flight as popsicles are less likely to walk around the cabin. They nickel and dime you to the point that it would have been cheaper to go with the more expensive airlines. I have a global entry card which is usually good enough for TSA pre check in most airlines, but you have to pay for that \"convenience\". Want to check your bag? That will be $25. Two bags; $60. Want to pick your seat? $45+ depending on the seat. Want Internet? $6 for 30 minutes. Please note, I chose N/A for food and beverages and inflight entertainment since I didn't use these. They were available but I chose not to buy them. The 1 star for wifi connectivity is because the pricing was ridiculous. I will never fly this airlines again."
"Verified Review | First longhaul flight with American Airlines which I booked with BA under codeshare. I was disappointed to find that this particular Boeing 767 didn't have any seat back flight entertainment. Just an old and worn out cabin with original interior and seat, possibly that has not changed since it was put into service 20 years ago. The only entertainment was CRT screens in the middle aisles and a choice of music played in a loop from the arm rest, maybe this was acceptable 10 years ago but in 2016 you would expect the airline to provide a modern cabin. In fact the whole cabin was so old and tatty even those in first had to use tablets for entertainment, this is unacceptable when paying passengers expect some modernisation. For such a popular route from Chicago to London you would expect American Airlines to consider using a more modern aircraft, but no they obviously don't care what their customers might think of the airline. They can afford to buy dremaliners and 777's but don't bother updating their current fleet. The food was also pretty poor quality compared wo what I have been offered on BA in the past, but I don't expect fine dining on an economy ticket. The only positive were the nice cabin crew and flight crew, very friendly, nice to talk to and captain offered very useful information throughout the flight. In future I'll avoid this airline, certainly not worthy code sharing with BA."
"Verified Review | New York to Edinburgh with American Airlines. Got to airport (JFK) about 4.5 hours before departure. Decided to use electronic login terminals as we only had cabin baggage. Process was relatively straightforward and two documents were printed, however they did not have seat numbers on them but had instructions to proceed to gate where seat numbers would be allocated. Went through security and straight to gate, needless to say, there was no-one there becasue it was so early. Eventually about 10 minutes before boarding was due to start, one member of staff turned up so I got straight to the desk before anyone else to ensure that my wife and I could sit together on the long flight. I was then told that the flight was overbooked and that I would have to wait. Eventually another member of ground staff came up to the desk about five minutes before boarding was due to start (very harassed). Thankfully my name was called and we were able to get seats, but they were offering people 800 dollars to take another flight. There were many disgruntled people complaining about lack of information. Once boarded, we then had to wait for about an hour as they couldn't get one of the engines started! Actual flight was OK, but seat was very uncomfortable (I thought airline seats were all the same). Cabin crew did all that was required of them, but very disappointed in the ground staff, but maybe that's just the AA way of doing things! USA is a great country and the people are lovely, but you are so let down by your airlines and airports. Think we'll stay in Europe next year"
"Verified Review | My flight was a five-ish hour flight from Kona, Hawaii to Los Angeles. It was my first time flying with American Airlines. Throughout the flight, the service they offered was a round of drinks. No complimentary food nor even snacks was served for the five-hour flight. The plane was equipped with inflight entertainment system but they charge you for every single movie or TV programme, at a price similar as if you're watching a film in the cinema. I'll try to avoid taking AA in the future except for really short flights."
"Verified Review | Painful to fly with American Airlines. The first flight had maintenance problems and was delayed which made our connection tight. We arrived, ran to our connection, arrived 8 minutes before departure and they wouldn't board us. Their rule is to be 'sitting' in your seat 10 minutes before take off and the staff said we knew you were on a connecting flight that had arrived. We are now delayed 2 hours missing a business meeting. Small seats, cold employees, AA is the worst."
"Verified Review | I will never fly with American Airlines again after the fiasco I experienced 30 Mar. Due to leave Ontario, CA at 1005 am arriving PHX at 1114 am. When I checked in at 0800 flight was “on time.” Cleared security and proceeded to the departure gate. Around 0935 announcement made that flight was delayed and passengers with connecting flight prior to 1230 were to return to ticketing counter. My Atlanta connection was scheduled for 1236 so I stayed at the gate. A second announcement was made some time later and I realized there was no way I could make my connecting flight. There is no customer service available at the gate areas and I had to return to the ticketing counter which meant a second time through security. This certainly did not please me but I went back to the ticketing counter and stood in the line that provided ticket sales/customer service. During my 30 minute wait in line the clerk kept telling the customers they would be much quicker going to the other end of the counter. Finally, when the “other end of the counter” was free I moved over to it. The clerk told me she couldn’t help me and directed me back to the counter I had just moved from. I told her it was time American Airlines got their act together as “he” had just directed me to her counter for service. By then I was incensed but, moved back to the other line yet again. At no time did I hear any explanation for the two delays. By the time I got to the clerk I was not too receptive to her “resolutions.” She could reschedule me for the following day (I had already cleared my hotel and turned in my car); she could route me to Dallas/Ft Worth, Charlotte, Atlanta; she could route me to Dallas/Ft Worth, Atlanta. Both flights would get me to Atlanta around 1148 pm. I did ask about transferring to either Southwest or Delta but was told I could only transfer to “partner” airlines. If I wanted to go with another airline I would have to pay to do so. At that time I had no idea there was a bad storm impacting Dallas but I’m sure your staff were well aware of that fact. While not happy, I opted for the Dallas/Ft Worth, Atlanta flight. Went back through security for a second time and headed for the departure gate. Another announcement stated due to a bad storm in the Dallas area the flight was delayed. This delay meant I would miss the last shuttle from Atlanta. The coup de gras was my boarding passes were stamped for Group 4-----my seat numbers were 23A and 15C. I came to the conclusion that your clerk purposely placed me in the Group 4 boarding sequence to add a little more aggravation----retribution perhaps? I’m 78 years old and have traveled many, many times in the past 58 years both in the States and to other countries. The airlines have merged to the point that they now have a monopoly. Subsequently, they no longer have to be concerned about retaining their customers. They are making billions in profits with the fuel price as low as they are but you continue to gouge the customers at every point - $25 for early boarding, really? Who wants to sit on a plane any longer than they need to? This is my second bad experience with American Airlines and it will be my last. I will certainly share my bad experiences with everyone I know that flies."
"Verified Review | Flew Miami to San Francisco. Service is well below normal standard, even in what they call First Class. On approachong American Airlines flagship check in at Miami I was told by female employee to go 'over there' where the economy check-in was. I continued and asked her why did she assume I was not entitled to check in there. She said she had to make sure not everyone try to check in there as it was for First class passengers only. Well, I was travelling First and I am a BA Gold Card holder (Emerald in Oneworld) so I was doubly entitled to check in there. Very off-putting for an employee to do this. Worse was to come. The so-called First class is anything but First class, apart from the seat which was comfortable. No welcome. Pre-departure drinks were not cleared. Moody flight attendants. No hand cream in toilets. No breakfast worth having (only two quiches, the one I had was very bland and soggy). No bread was offered, just sweet cookies. I deliberately did not eat anything in the lounge hoping for a good First class breakfast. If I had brought a McDonald's meal I would have been more satisfied. Entertainment was a table. In 21st century America? Why do we pay so much money to travel with them if they offer so little? American is a rip off. They claim they are changing. I dread to think what it was like before they allegedly changed and improved services. They charge a lot but deliver little."
"Kona to Portland via Phoenix, and as usual, American Airlines doesn't disappoint. Horrible customer service on the ground and in the air. Employees are rude, take their time and are very slow. The airline does not communicate with its customers at all if flights are changed, and in my opinion, are extremely incompetent. Flew from Kona to Phoenix expecting an hour layover to Portland and when we land, we find out it's been changed to 4 hours. Mind you, a 6 hour flight with a screaming 1 year old plus being dragged through a 45 min process just to check bags because computers froze and then employees almost tagged our bags with the wrong tags. Then to have a 4 hour layover that was not expected, just to fly another 3 hours - worst travel experience of my life."
"Miami to Boston with American Airlines. Just wanted to say that flight attendants not to be so rude when asking passengers about the emergency exits/whether they are comfortable or not. I was extremely uncomfortable sitting by emergency exit because I rarely fly and I didn't know what it entails. I was about to ask if I could switch but the woman spoke to me as though I was a complete idiot. I only chose this seat because it was one of 2 seats available. It was pretty awful to be publicly embarrassed because I was unfamiliar with the procedure. When I nervously stuttered that I didn't know what it meant she said, \"You know it's a responsibility to sit here, right? Maybe you should have a look at the pamphlet and familiarize yourself.\" She didn't offer me another seat, she disdainfully informed me that I would \"have to be moved if I couldn't assist.\" The gentleman next to me took pity on me and explained. Why would they go around asking if we're ok with sitting here/if we have any questions if they don't care if we're ok with it and are unwilling to explain? I'm pretty angry and embarrassed and it was a pretty awful experience."
"Dallas to Seattle. American Airlines don't provide any priority boarding with babies (we had twin babies). During the flight I was rather rudely sent back to my seat by two crew members. I just asked for some water for my two crying babies. The lights for seatbelts were off and this was not during landing or take-off. There were also no command from crew to remain seated. To the credit of another flight attendant, she kindly brought us the water two times. Big thanks to her! No display about travel info whatsoever; no info where we are currently and how long till the final destination. There was no general IFE display screen at all. On all four flights (all at different times of the day), there was no food. Only the drinks and light snacks were free."
"Verified Review | I experienced a lengthy delay going down to Quito via Miami, but this was nothing compared to the problems on the return leg of my trip. Coming back home, I arrived at the airport very early and noticed that no staff were there to give me a boarding pass. I decided to use a machine to check-in and I was concerned when my reservation was not found. Once the staff arrived, I was informed that my flight to Dallas was cancelled due to weather. I researched the weather conditions in Dallas and found out that there were indeed thunderstorms, but they were brief and many other flights were delayed (not cancelled). Since the delay was \"weather\" related, the airline did nothing to help (no food and no hotel) and they repeatedly lied to customers. They had me re-booked on flights that were two days later, but I fought hard (and spent hours) to get onto a LAN flight that got me home just one day late. The cancellation cost me a lot of time and money (for hotels, taxis, and food) and the staff and service on American was atrocious. I truly believe that airlines use weather as a loophole to cancel flights that have light loads (saving them money) without having to take responsibility! The only good thing about the cancellation was that I ended up getting to fly LAN Airlines to Miami. LAN provides more leg room, comfortable seats, delicious meals with wine, and their staff really seem to care about the passengers. American Airlines is a nasty behemoth of an airline and I recommend avoiding them (even if it means paying more for a competitor)."
"My recent experience flying out of Oakland to Indianapolis via Phoenix has shown that American will stoop to incredible lows when trying to avoid FAA regulations regarding oversold flights. Our flight was oversold, and when they could not find enough people to take their vouchers, they announced a last minute delay. They didn’t follow any procedures for said delay. Their gate agents knew nothing and the flight information wasn’t updated until sometime after I had boarded. Once onboard, we were told the delay was due to a leaky coffee pot. I’m still at a loss as to what safety issues were at stake for this issue. The flight attendant wasn’t much better simply stating, ‘you wouldn’t water on the floor would you?’ Clearly there is a disconnect here, because missing a connecting flight over a little or even potentially a lot of water on the floor isn’t worth it, especially on a holiday weekend where my plans for the following day ended up completely ruined. Myself and probably a dozen other people missed our connecting flights. In my case, I arrived at my gate just as my plane was pushing off. My destination wasn’t a hub, and the people managing this flight couldn’t wait five more minutes to allow myself and the other two passengers who arrived at the same time I did, the courtesy to board. The next flight was four hours later (on a red-eye), and for my inconvenience, I got a meal voucher that would only be able to pay for a fast food dinner. Running through Phoenix, my laptop bag managed to open up causing my laptop to fall out. My experience with AA customer service wasn’t much better. They don’t get back right away, and they refused to escalate this. To this day, I’m still trying to figure out how a leaky coffee pot presents any real safety issue worthy of grounding a flight, and customer service didn’t have a good reason for it either. I was offered a measly 10,000 bonus miles, worth nowhere near what the travel voucher I should have received for essentially being involuntarily bumped. That will get you (if you’re lucky) one third of a domestic ticket, and not at all worth the inconvenience that was forced on me and fellow passengers. At best, this was someone’s incompetence. At worst, this was an unethical way for an airline to save a few thousand dollars. If it has really come to something like this to make a few extra dollars, then perhaps it’s time for their customers to find an airline that respects them a bit more."
"Verified Review | Mexico City to Miami with American Airlines. Check in at the airport was chaotic, very inefficient. When the plane arrived after it was delayed I saw that it had new livery, I assumed it was a new plane - but to my surprise it was an old plane on the inside. Legroom was horrible you could barely move your legs. The only thing they offer is some complementary beverages, if you want anything to eat you have to pay for it. Entertainment system is horrible, the wifi only works on continental America as soon as you leave Florida you are left only with the TV shows of the general entertainment system."
"Kauai to Salt Lake City with American Airlines was the worst flying experience I have had. The day before the flight they moved my wife and I to different seats on the plane, that weren't even close to each other. We had make our reservations 8 months ahead of time, I figured that flights can change last minute, and they must have overlooked this detail. I called them to make them aware of the problem. I sat on hold with them for over an hour, till the representative came back and said they couldn't do anything about it over the phone and I would have to go directly to the airport to fix the problem. But also assured me that there were plenty of seats left and not to worry. I didn't want to take a chance, so I went online to check in and paid an extra fee to upgrade our seat so that I could move them together. When we got to the airport, they had moved our seat again, and they were no longer together again. They told me the plane was full and they couldn't do anything about it. Nor would they refund the fee I paid earlier. I would of made more of a big deal about it, but there was a family of 5 with small children in front of me that they did this same thing to, with seats not near each other. Bottom line, if you don't mind getting separated from your travel group, and treated like your are just someone to fill a seat, then by all means book with American Airlines. I never will again!"
"First flight of the morning (6am) from Reno to New Orleans via Dallas. Plane was in the ternimal since the night before. When we arrived to check in the status was still on time. Just prior to boarding time the airline informed us that there was a problem with the plane & we would not be able to leave until 2pm. We were unable to get on any other flight due to the delay of notification. Then it turned into 7pm. We would miss any connecting flight and have to spend the night in the airport. No compensation for time, food or flight was offered or granted. Very poor custome service. I know why I haven't flown American and I will not fly with them again. I will be taking my business elsewhere."
"Verified Review | We flew American Airlines AA207 from Milan to Miami. Air conditioning in row 20 to 25 did not work, it was that cold that people were complaining and asking for blankets which were not available. Even after many requests from different passengers nothing happened. When I asked the stewardess to send her supervisor nobody showed up. Cabin crew gave the impression to hate their customers. Headphones were of lowest quality. Entertainment program was the same to and back from Miama."
"I am an AAdvantage member and fly weekly for work. Without fail, there is always an issue on the American Airlines flight whether it's overbooked (happened on my last 3 flights), unpleasant flight attendants, \"running out of advertised food products\", delays, or like today, an hour delay because the gate was fixing another aircraft and were not proactive enough to identify another gate. Highly disappointing and frankly, uncomfortable."
"Verified Review | I am an AA Exec Platinum Member so I typically on the defense of American and I am loyal. That being said, I recently went on an around the world business journey that took me from NY to LA then Hong Kong, London and finally back to NY. The first and last leg were American Airlines the middle two legs were Cathay Pacific. While the AA planes were shiny and new and the business class was very comfortable, the level of service between the two carriers was night and day. It takes flying an airline like Cathay to realize just how much the service lacks at American. On Cathay I was personally greeted, asked if I required anything before takeover (and prior to landing), was given a large, clean, hot towel, had a very attentive flight crew that cared about my comfort and was always there to help and offer anything. On American Airlines I had a crew of people that clearly wanted to be anywhere else. The warm towel was old and cold, the food was thrown at me as if it was a race to finish the meal service, when I asked for another water I was given the cold stare - the team just seemed mad and visibly demonstrated that they think their job sucks. I wish I could say this was a one-off, but I have noticed it more and more on my AA flights. Its sad and makes me not want to keep flying the 50-100K miles I fly each year on AA. Whatever happened to people having pride in their work? The last 6 AA flights I have been on have all had a problem of one sort or another - I notice the pilots having to apologize a lot. From a water hose freezing to the wing, to their being equipment in the way of our gate - something has definitely run amok at the new American."
"I could have driven back and forth from Miami to Orlando before our American Airlines plane actually took off. When I asked an attendant at the airport, she told me and several other passengers that she's sick of people asking her questions, she does not get paid enough and then she walked off leaving several other employees looking at each other dumbfounded. Now, after waiting forever to finally board and having to change gates to another gate completely across the crowded Miami airport, we are sitting on the plane waiting for them to \"fix\" something on it. Worst airline ever."
"American Airlines Flight 34 delayed from Los Angeles to New York JKFK on 3/28/16. Every employee I came in contact with (approximately 15) was dismissive, irritable, irritated, and avoided eye contact except for one who mistook me for someone else she helped earlier. They had tasks they needed to do and all appeared unhappy to be representing AA. No one apologized for the delay or wanted to assist. Late updates from gate attendants. Finally we were instructed to present to Customer Service who told me \"I can't help you\" after helping the 4 people ahead of me and complaining over the radio that everyone was sent to Customer Service. After refusing to leave without assistance she offered me standby for the next flight. I was then shuffled around from gate to gate. All attendants saying, \"I have another flight to get to\" or \"We have to get ready for another flight, go to Customer Service\". I asked for a food voucher or some compensation and was instructed to go to another gate for food. When I arrived at that gate the attendant told me she didn't know what I was talking about and said to go find someone else. When I asked if she could radio to ask, she said, \"I'm busy\" without looking up during the interaction. Once I finally found the food, it was fruit, granola, yogurt, chips, and water or soda/juice. Nothing of substance. This airline continues to disappoint."
"Verified Review | There was a 13 hours stop over in Miami from around 9pm to 10am the next day but although they sold this as a flight to Mexico, American Airlines didn't provide night accomodation. For me it's more like I bought 1 flight to Miami and a flight to Mexico from Miami. My way back to Montreal, was the worst trip I ever experienced so far. First there was a problem at Mexico airport with American Airlines IT system so it took 3 or 4 hours to board on the plane to Charlotte. Then in the evening the flight from Charlotte to Montreal was cancelled due to a snow storm. From there American Airlines staff wouldn't make any announcement, they'd just let you die in the airport. Finally I got a flight to New-York La Guardia in a cold and ghostly airport where I spent the night waiting for the morning to catch some American Airlines staff. I would never use this airline again unless I have no choice!"
"Verified Review | All the poor reviews were supported by this Los Angeles to Las Vegas flight with American Airlines. The aircraft was drift, despite being relatively new. Staff could not care less about their appearance or the service they provided. I understand this is a short sector of just over an hour, but to call it 'service' to have a grotty basket with microscopic bags of crisps thrust into your face, is little more than a joke. Such a let down. At least we got there on time and they didn't lose my luggage."
"New York to Curacao via Miami. I don't even know where to begin. I'm not usually a big review writer. On March 17, 2016 we embarked on a journey of a lifetime. My eldest daughter was to be married in Curacao, a destination wedding. After meticulous planning we arrived at JFK airport to find that our flight would be delayed. In that delay we learned we would miss our connector from Miami to Curacao. After being directed into three different lines, we were told nothing could be done and that we would not get connector flight out to Curacao via Miami till 1130 a.m. the next morning. (Almost 18 hours after our initial connecting time.) Crushed at the news of potentially missing the wedding, airline staff asked why we booked our connector like we did? As if it were our fault! Tears rolling down face I responded by asking \"why the offer a connection under 50 minutes if it can't be honored? Fast forward, we finally board our flight to Miami. Things seem to be going ok until we stay on the runway for 50 minutes. No explanation given. We finally take and arrive in Miami to find we cannot disembark because there is a broken plane in the way. Left with no patience and a $14 food voucher we schlep to our hotel. We missed many festivities that occurred during our delay that I can never recover. The unsympathetic staff that seems to be used to horror stories like mine, turned a deaf ear. Shame on you American Airlines! As a side note, my daughter the bride was on a different flight that day (still AA). They refused to hang her garner bag up, which contained her wedding dress! Flight attendant proceeded to roll the garment bag and shove into overhead compartment."
"Horrible customer service. Flew from El Paso to Pensacola via Dallas. Initial flight was cancelled, originally heard due to an attendant becoming sick. Was re-booked on the latest possible connection. Called customer service to have it rectified, and booked on an earlier connection. Thought the transaction was made, but when it became boarding time, I was unable to be manifested due to some type of error within the system. Ended up arriving to my destination 6.5 hours later than originally planned. While this isn't huge in the grand scheme of things, I think as a paying customer I should be reimbursed with something other than an apology and hopes for continued business. Next time I'll look to pay a few bucks extra, and use a different airline. I will also look to avoid using this airline as much as possible."
"American Airlines from Buenos Aires to San Francisco via Dallas. Having boarded had my overhead cabin bag moved to accommodate someone else, slightly annoyed me as I wasn't informed until another passenger told me. We had no inflight entertainment on our 11 hour flight. No apology. No lights to even read! No apology, no way of calling for the cabin crew as the call button did not work. When notified the staff were not concerned. Only one spirit drink allowed which is ridiculous. I've flown many airlines and this is totally unacceptable behaviour by this airline. I am a vegetarian and they didn't know that it was requested by me."
"Worst airline ever. What should have been a 7 hour flight turned into a 20+ hour disaster. Bought first class ticket for my son from Miami to Portland, because it was a red eye and want him to have no issues. Flight left late, he was bumped 3 times from flights and offered no food, had nowhere to sleep. If this is the way American Airlines treats First Class customers, no one should ever book a flight on them ever again."
"Verified Review | Traveled with American Airlines as part of a code share with British Airways. Traveled outward with BA London to Miami and returned from Philadelphia to Manchester with AA. When travelling with scheduled airlines long haul the first service has always been a complementary drinks trolley providing a relaxing start to the flght. Not with American Airlines. The first service was the main meal with the accompanying offer of wine or beer. If spirits were requested there was a charge. We were sitting just behind seats with extra leg room and the next thing was a cabin steward coming to draw curtains around the area leaving us with no view. When asked what he was doing, he said it was an area for the cabin staff to sleep. The flight time was about 6.5 hours and the 2 staff spent over half of that time sleeping and watching TV. Nice work if you can get it. Must be great to work a shift where you get paid to sleep and watch TV. Not that the screen was worth watching. The entertainment options were the worst experienced on any major airline."
"Washington DC to Charleston, and this is the 10th time I've made this flight with American Airlines, which I make 10-12 times a year, and is consistently horrible. The service is awful, the staff is unhelpful and beyond that a flight is never on time. If you can avoid using them without having to spend too much more money I'd highly recommend it."
"American Airlines now typically holds back blocks of tickets so you cannot check-in online. No only that, when you actually manage to get tickets at the gate, many times you are separated from your family. I have seriously seen children as young as 4 being expected to sit by themselves. Rather than being the exception, this has become the rule. This is an obvious cash grab to try and get people to upgrade to more expensive seats to be able to pick their seats. Make no mistake they hold back seats for elite members that most 'normal' families will not see as options. When I expressed my displeasure at being separated from members of my party they told me I should not expect to have three people seated together. That is even though I bought the tickets months in advance. How is this acceptable? How would you feel if you went into a restaurant and was told you couldn't sit with the rest of your party even though you made your reservations months in advance. It's frankly immoral how they have no concern for families. You have a young child? Tough luck. Are you traveling with someone with disabilities or a person who has flight anxiety? Who cares? That's your problem chump."
"Dallas Fort Worth to Costa Rica. They couldn't get data to take off, had to wait an hour, taxi back, then take off to hit the storm we should have missed. Missed our connecting flight. The flight attendants refused to serve us after the pilot gave them the go ahead after turbulence, didn't pick up trash, and stated they were out of food while other people on the plane, before and after received food. Once arriving in North Carolina we were booked for a 1 star hotel in the ghetto and given dinner vouchers that were unusable, as it was now 12 at night on a Sunday. Were re-booked the next day which is understandable, but on another connecting flight through Ohio. Tried to fly direct at the beginning and they were sold out 3 weeks in advance. Will never fly American Airlines again unless absolutely necessary. Worst flying experience I have had."
"New Orleans to New York via Washington. My flight from New Orleans was delayed because of American Airlines problem and because of that I missed my connecting flight, yet they did not provide any hotel and on top of that asked for $75 change fee. When I asked why flight was delayed one AA customer service told me because of weather, another told me air traffic control. American Airlines are simple cheats. Unless you are looking for a horrible experience do not travel American Airlines."
"I traveled American Airlines from Toronto to LaGuardia. When I arrived at the check in counter there was a huge line with one representative working. By the time we got to the counter 1 more person opened up after waiting for 45 mins in line. When I reached the counter the representative told me I couldn't board my flight which was at 11.30 (1 hour still left). Mind you - there was no greeting or any sort of smile passed by. Instead was told you have to get on the next flight. Which was at 2 pm. I asked to check in my luggage and stroller now, and car seat when I came back so that I can go out and grab lunch. When I returned to check in my car seat my stroller had been misplaced. After a mess there I finally was able to board the plane with the stroller and car seat. However when I arrived at LaGuardia 30 mins late the Stroller and car seat were both missing. Again I wander everywhere because I was sent here and there. Not 1 appology was provided. The lady at the counter then processed my order and said it will be made a rush order. When American airline says rush order it means they show up at your door at 12.15 am when everyone is sleeping - to drop off only my car seat. As I type this I am still missing my stroller with no whereabouts of it. I request everyone to spend the extra money and fly with a better airline. While on the plane not a single glass of water was offered, however they walk around to collect garbage, you didn't give me anything to throw away? This is by far the worst airline I have traveled with. A 4 hour travel turned into a whole day of craziness."
"American Airlines from Philadelphia to Montego Bay, Jamaica and service was terrible. I paid for assigned seats and instead my whole family was scattered about the plane. They had a ten year old sitting by himself! The luggage cart just sat next to the plane without an attendant and we waited a half hour after we were supposed to take off. Will never fly with them again."
"I flew First Class on American Airlines from Cartagena to Miami and had a 5 hour layover before continuing to San Francisco. I was traveling with 2 other friends who were flying on to LAX. We proceeded to the Admiral's Lounge in Miami for our long wait. At the lounge check-in counter, I was denied access because the American employee said Miami does not have a reciprocal agreement with SFO. My friends who were flying to LAX were granted access because Miami and LAX have a reciprocal lounge agreement. My friends enter the lounge, I went back out to the public area. I was humiliated and appalled at the treatment I received. Then, I boarded an old plane with no entertainment, no full reclining seats and no privacy in the First Class section. I will do my best to never fly American again."
"Manchester to New York JFK with American Airlines and one of the worst flights of my life. Cabin crew on the way there were rude and we're taking it in turns to nap. Ran out of free beer before reaching us on the first round but the food was okay. For an 8 hour flight plus nearly 2 hours delay the seats are horrendously uncomfortable - an awful start to my holiday. I spent the 5 days in New York dreading the flight home. I was right to dread it - the same plane with awfully uncomfortable seats. The crew were much nicer. It was a night flight - no room to try and sleep as the seats are so close together. I will avoid AA like the plague."
"Going from Buenos Aires to Iowa and back. I haven't flown American Airlines in years, but since they were the airline that flew into the Iowa city I needed to go to, I decided to try them again. Planes are very old, staff is ambivalent to rude, and my last leg I tried to get changed from online check in to at bag drop and each stop along the way. I wanted to head out 2 hours earlier from Miami since I didn't need to sit at the airport for 10 hours. They refused to move me even though there were seats and the flight I was on was overbooked. The flight I took was more than 2 hours late because they had to move a plane to get our plane out? As a side comment, when the gate changed they only announced it in Spanish. Not a good experience. Won't be coming back."
"Four American Airlines flights during past two weeks London to Aruba via Miami, and Panama to London Heathrow via Dallas Ft Worth in Business class. On none of the flights I was welcomed onboard, neither heard a \"bye\" or \"thanks\" when leaving the aircraft. The best flight was the first, both regarding the seat, the food and the crew. The last flight was absolutely the worst. An old, worn Boeing 777 with terrible seats. Delayed 3 hours because they had to change a part after we already had boarded. The crew was quite miserable, not enough lavatories, the food was so so, the entertaiment choices very limited. Was happy to board a BA flight in London."
"Booked an American Airlines flight from Austin to San Juan, Puerto Rico in mid January. Over the last two months, they have made 5 schedule changes without letting us know of the change. We have to constantly monitor our record to find the changes, and two have required us to rebook different flights in order to make connections. We are still two months out, so I am expecting another 5 changes before we depart. When we call to talk to a representative they are generally nice, but completely unhelpful. Two of them even took to reading me their operations manual as they tried to decide what to do. I am a frequent flyer with other airlines, and have never had a single schedule change. No wonder American has such a bad reputation. I will never fly American again."
"Just had a horrible experience - I had a red-eye American Airlines flight to Miami from LAX for an important meeting. The flight was supposed to leave at midnight, and was on a \"new\" plane, according to the captain. Before even taxiing, the airplane began to experience computer issues. Multiple attempts to fix this, including a reboot, rewiring, and many false starts all resulted in nothing. In the end, I got off the plane because there was no way I could make my meeting in Miami in time. The plane ended up taking off around 7:30 am after a 7.5 hour delay. On top of that, American is taking up to 6-8 weeks (according to their timeline) to refund me the seat upgrade I paid for, didn't take accountability for this issue or suggest solutions, and didn't give any miles or more than a half-hearted apology by e-mail. I will actively avoid American Airlines in the future given what seems like a lack of commitment for customer service and operational excellence."
"Our flight from Phoenix to Las Vegas with American Airlines was delayed for 30 minutes - we were in the air for about 15 minutes when it was announced that we must turn the plane around because it needed a new antenna. As we sat quietly on the ground, they eventually told us that the part they needed would be here by 2:00pm. The flight was suppose to leave PHX by 11:30am. As 2pm approached, they told us the mainentance wouldn't be here in time. They found another plane and had us head to that area of the airport. They told us to hurry over because the flight would board by 2:15 pm. 2:30 pm came around and we were still waiting to board and for a pilot to arrive. We boarded the plane at 2:45 pm. 3:10pm comes around and we still haven't moved. The flight attendant comes over the loud speaker and tells us there is another problem. We have now been on the plane for 4.5 hours and during this entire time, not one member of American Airlines staff has apologized for the inconvenience, nor comped anyone's troubles. We are now on the second airplane, while we wait for mainentance, a second time. I have never been on an airline in my life that was so disrespectful to their passengers. Excuse after excuse has occurred without any consideration for the passengers onboard. Think twice about booking a flight with them if you have to be anywhere important to be."
"I booked my American Airlines flight online and they took the money out of my account immediately and then hours later emailed me saying \"the seats I selected were not available.\" So I tried calling multiple times and after 45 minutes finally got a representitive and they told me my seat number would be given to me at the airport. I arrived and when I got through security and to my gate they denied me getting on the flight when I still had 10 minutes to departure. My father died and I was trying to get home ASAP. They told me they would put me on standby. After spending 5 hours at the airport I found out 5 people were in front of me for stand by. The people were rude and did not seem eager to help passengers. Will never in my life try to fly through American Airlines and will never recommend them. Also they said my ticket was non refundable."
"First flight from Des Moines to Lihue they changed planes so the $75.00 extra I paid for exit seats and extra leg room seats were no longer - told me they would refund my money! Which doesn't help on a 7.5hr flight when someone got lucky and got exit row seat that's did not pay for them! Then checking in to fly home, the same problem - we were the 6th person to check in I asked they said they switched planes and we would not get our seats and everyone had checked in! Which was not true. So once again \"we are sorry you will be refunded I'm 2 to 3 billing cycles. So someone that did not pay for exit row seats gets our seats again. They just change seats with people who have not checked in!"
"Boston to Aruba via Miami. Once again flew American Airlines and once again we had problems. What everyone else is saying about this airline is true. The plane used from Boston to Miami looked nice and new from the outside, but it's a whole different story on the inside. Inside the aircraft, the interior is horribly outdated and not clean at all. The plane smelled horrible the whole way. Worst of all, there is no in flight entertainment. Large TV monitors every few rows and the one closest to me wasn't even working! The seats are so uncomfortable and the leg room is virtually non-existent. Many of the seats show wear and tear. The flight attendants were rude and have miserable personalities and act like they are doing you a favor in serving you. The food was the worst I have had on an airline, especially on the return flight. I fly to the Caribbean every year and American Airlines is the worst airline I have travelled with."
"We sat by a large person and he was unable to fit in his seat without taking up 1/3 of the middle seat. There were a few open seats around us. Unsure why this large man was not given the extra room he clearly needed. There needs to be allowances for obese people. It is not reasonable to expect me to give up a third of my seat and not be able to move. This man was approx 5'9\" and weighed no less than 350#. Miserable American Airlines flight from Dallas to Denver."
"My wife and I decided to treat ourselves and fly business class to see our son in Raleigh. American Airlines business experience was almost laughable on the return journey. The flight out was OK but not anywhere near as good as other airlines. The return journey was abysmal. From surly check in which even my son commented on,to an ancient aircraft and inedible food. We assumed from all the advertising about the newly refitted planes we would enjoy a comfy flight. I checked in online the day before and looked at the seat plan to make sure it was the new configuration which it was. On boarding what a disappointment to find an ancient plane with the old seats and shabby interior. We have experienced these old planes before and our hearts sank. So much for a treat. The stewardess was in such a rush to serve my wife she skipped the nuts and gave her her starter immediately, before she was ready, her plate was whipped away and her entre plonked in its place. We had to laugh because we felt we were in a carry on film. What is it with American Airlines staff? They need some training as something is missing, and their customer service is dire. Sadly they have a monopoly on the Raleigh route. We will consider going another route next time on British Airways who are so much better. One good thing, the plane landed on time. Wake up, American and sample what other airlines are doing. If you must use ancient planes let the customer know in advance to save the disappointment on boarding."
"Our noon flight to Dallas from Austin seemed routine, the plane had just come from Dallas with no issues. But after backing away from the gate, the plane sat for what seemed like a long time with no explanation. Finally, Captain told everyone that the plane had a faulty ignition and would have to return to the gate for maintenance inspection. After telling everyone that repairs would take \"about a half hour\" he then came back and said delays would now be another hour. He let people unboard, which later resulted in further delays. By the time we took off we were two hours behind. Once again there was an unusually long delay between leaving the gate & getting off the ground. When we finally landed in Dallas, again another long delay getting to the gate. We missed our connecting flight by 5mins and had to wait 5 hrs from the next flight. We were bumped from row 14 to row 28. Never again will we fly American Airlines."
"There is no doubt that American carriers in general lag behind their European, Middle Eastern and Asian counterparts in anything from service, equipment to entertainment. On my recent flight on American Airlines it came to a new low at least as far as entertainment is concerned. The available selection and more so the interface is not something I expected to see on a Boeing 777. The movie selection was minuscule, even compared to carriers such as United. The New release selection comprised a handful of features and most of them weren't even that new. The features are not \"on demand\" they have a cycle and you have to either watch what is in progress or wait for the next feature to start. The food in general is mediocre but since my flight originated in London it is probably better than if I had started my trip in Miami. Generally speaking I find that the quality of food on US carriers is better coming out of Europe rather than arriving into."
"Please don't ever lose an item on an American Airlines airplane. I realized after landing in Miami that I had dropped my phone on the plan (Flight 2059). I went to the AA information desk and they told me that the plane was on its way back Charlotte (which seemed like a very quick turn around and I highly doubt that AA is that efficient). I was told that I would be able to retrieve my phone at Charlotte Airport when I return. I did file a lost and found report with AA on their website and got a generated e-mail that stated I would have to contact the airport. A week later when I landed back in Charlotte I went straight to the AA counter in the baggage claim area. I explained about my phone and the first thing out of the girls mouth was that I would need to come back in the morning because her supervisor was not there. I told her that I lived 2 hours away and it was impossible to come back in the morning. She then proceeded to spend the next ten minutes going through the computer system and finally told me that she did not see a phone matching my description. I have called AA at Charlotte Airport and all you get is a recording stating to leave your information and IF the item is found they will call you back. There is no way of talking to a real person. Needless to say it has been almost two weeks and I have yet to hear anything. If AA cannot even return a phone when given the exact information on where and when the phone was lost, I cannot imagine what they do with really expensive items that they retrieve from planes. Obviously they must make some money on these found items because I read after 90 days items are turned over to the City of Charlotte."
"I flew from Los Angeles to Miami for vacation with American Airlines and this flight was a bad one. The plane was painted in the new livery, but don't let the new exterior deceive you. The interior of the plane was outdated, as the seats were very uncomfortable to sit in and looked like they were from the 1990s. The trays were difficult to fold back into place once you unfolded them, and some even had scratches and ink marks from over the years. The lavatories were showing their age and were disgusting. The only entertainment sources of entertainment you had were magazines, the window, and what you brought on the plane. They had TVs on the ceiling, but they only started playing a movie in the last hour or so of the flight. The cabin crew was the best part of the flight. They came around a few times with beverages and snacks, and they were dedicated to doing their job. There was barely any turbulence, which made the flight very smooth. The people on the ground were also nice, and boarding was organized. Overall, I would not recommend flying American Airlines."
"Norfolk to Austin visa Charlotte with American Airlines. Our flight was cancelled with no explanation and we were re-routed 12 hours later. Although we had paid nearly $80 extra per person for the earlier flight, we arrived too late to pick up our rental car - had to pay $30 for a cab to hotel, lost 1.5 days of vacation and ended up running through Charlotte like lunatics to make a tight connection late evening. No room in overhead bins and they checked our luggage. We got to the hotel at 2AM after waiting for baggage claim and a taxi. I could have driven to Texas quicker than this. Woke up at 4am and arrived there 22 hours later. I have flown to China quicker than this - appalling."
"I just returned home from an American Airlines flight and before I settled in at home I felt obligated to write a review. The Miami airport was the most miserable travel experience of my life. After spending a wekk at the wonderful W hotel, I was met with rude American Airline agents at every corner - from the bag check in, to security. Angry, rude, completely unprofessional. At bag check in we were met with 90 percent of the kiosks out of order. Then we were yelled at regarding proper protocol for checking bags as if guilty of something. Then without any direction to where our gate was we roamed the enormous airport without any guidance from our baggage check in. Upon arriving at the gate, the airline agent followed the airline consistency of rudeness reprimanding us for showing up only 20 minutes before the flight was departing, which was insane considering we still stood in line for 20 minutes to board the plane. Upon getting on the plane, I greeted the flight attentendant with \"how are you today\", only to be met with a deer in the headlights attitude of why was I even talking to her. Then to end this complete miserable experience, my luggage was lost. The luggage specialist told me the luggage was placed on the next flight rather than ours. We arrived at the airport 2 hours before out flight, I asked her why this had happened. Her response was I have no idea. I then asked if I would received some sort of credit for this inconvenience and my luggage being delivered within 5 days, which she said no we don't do that. The lack of professionalism at every corner was astonishing. I flew Jet blue recently and the flight was bumpy and they credited every passenger 50 dollars, they are a class act. American Airlines seems to have been reduced to a modern Peoples Express. I am sure the CEO gets a handsome salary, but frankly is not doing their job with having such chaos and poor customer service exist at every level through a passengers experience. Horrible experience which could have been easily avoided with some proper management in place, customer satisfaction protocol in place for errors made by the airline, rather than treating customers like cattle with complete disregard for a pleasant experience. Management of this company should be ashamed. People's airline reincarnate, shameful."
"Terrible experience from Boston to New Orleans with American Airlines. Baggage fees. Have to pay extra to have my family sit together. Boston check-in staff not very helpful. I have a American Airlines credit card that gives me free check bags but because of a problem in the American Airlines system it cost me $150 dollars. The only shining light in whole experience was how helpful the staff at check-in was in New Orleans."
"American Airlines is the worst airline, in both equipment and customer service. Their crew makes you feel like they are doing you a favor even though you are paying good money. My entire flight from Miami to Barcelona the entertainment did not work. I did not receive a single apology and when I mentioned it several times to the flight attendant they simply said Oh well. They did not offer another seat or anything to make a difference. If you can avoid this airline I would highly encourage it. If you have to pay a couple of hundred dollars more, do it."
"Orlando to Des Moines with American Airlines and not a single redeeming quality. 2 cancelled flights in 2 days and they wouldn't do a thing. I had to rebook my own flight over the phone. The airline staff have to be the least friendly, least helpful of any airline I've ever flown."
"Philadelphia to Washington with American Airlines. Worst service ever! They cancelled our flight and could not put us on another flight for two days. Then I had to wait 2 hours for my luggage to be taken off a plane that I wasn't even on! I would not recommend this airline to anyone. Their customer service was very rude and not helpful. We finally gave up and decided to drive 10 hours to our destination because they couldn't do anything for us."
"Our outbound American Airlines flight to Indianapolis was fine, except for a rude flight attendant. Our way back was a disaster. Our flight from Indianapolis to Chicago was cancelled but this was told with zero kindness or empathy, but they told us we will go through Charlotte instead of Chicago to get back to Europe, all taken care of without asking the passenger at all. We refused and chose to drive to Chicago instead. The ground service at Indy was rude, nonchalant and not helpful at all, first they put us back on Economy class between ORD-LHR and afterwards they said there was overbooking on Business Class so there was no seat guaranteed. From Chicago everything was fine, we could not complain. The cherry on top of the cake was that the Charlotte to London flight they wanted us to take was also cancelled and never made it to London, so if we listened to the airline, we would have been stuck in the US for at least another day. The biggest problem was the ground service, where the customer is a pain in the butt."
"American Airlines 1517 from Miami to Roatan 02/13/16 was unable to land in Roatan and diverted to Belize.The Captain made the appropriate call as the diversion was weather related. Upon landing the Captain said they had a warning light on an engine that needed to be addressed. This was a clear mechanical delay. After more than an hour we had not been fed and later we were given a sandwich and bottled water and boarded . We taxied for takeoff where we sat for a period of time and captain reported the engine light had again appeared so we taxied back to the gate and sat until the 2nd mechanical problem had been resolved. The Captain told us that wet could not reach Roatan as the airport curfew for landing was past and we were flying back to Miami. We were told AA Customer Service would meet us and make the necessary arrangements for the night and the return flight the next morning. When we finished going through Immigration and Customs and baggage and we had GREAT difficulty finding the ONE AA Customer Service person who was extremely difficult to deal with in terms of the arrangements for the night and next morning. We learned that there were no hotel rooms available. He gave us a voucher for the 9AM flight the next morning, a $12 voucher for dinner @ 11.45 pm and we learned from other passengers that we were to go to the 4th floor to an auditorium. Upon arriving there we were provided with a folding cot, a blanket that was too small to cover anyone over 5'8” tall, the room was no more than 65 degrees and filled with people on cell phones, very tired and crying children, and chain saw snorers through the night. Upon checking in the next morning after an extremely uncomfortable night the counter people had no idea who we were and why we needed re-ticketing. Upon landing in Roatan, I learned a piece of my luggage was still in Miami It was necessary for me to go to the airport to pick it up. AA Customer Service in Roatan does not appear to exist, at least not for us! We learned that those waiting for our plane to arrive for their return to Miami had been returned to hotel rooms and provided with dinner and breakfast at no expense! AA should compensate every passenger on our flight and a written personal apology. I will consider any other alternative to using AA in the future."
"The flight from Santiago to JFK operated by LAN Airlines was punctual with good service. We arrived at JFK at 9:00am and had to wait till 3:20pm for our connecting American Airlines flight back to Toronto. We were at the gate most of the time (except lunch), but only found out the American Airlines flight was cancelled when I checked the departure flight monitor around 1:45pm (no announcement heard). The lady at the gate only gave us 2 options going home - she would re-book us for next day flight but we would have to come back next day(or call-in) to confirm the flight; or she could re-book us with the United flights from Newark to Boston, then to Toronto. She also ensured us that we had plenty of time to travel from JFK to Newark via the Shuttle service(only 40 mins.). As it turned out, we had to take a taxi and it took us more than 1.5 hrs to travel and we missed the flights as the American Airlines lady booked. Clearly, American Airlines only cared about how to operate their flights, but not taking care of their passengers. They seemed to relegate responsibilities to other airlines whenever they can and forget about the whole situation."
"In the past, American Airlines has been fine. After this last experience from Jacksonville NC to Milwaukee WI, with a layover in Charlotte NC, I will not fly with them. I've noticed a decline in the flight attendants service standards. They aren't as friendly, and seem to not be happy. My last experience on February 16 / 17 was terrible. An hour or so before my first flight, I received an automated voice message telling me my flight was delayed and that I'd miss my connecting flight, which was rescheduled until the next morning. When I got to Charlotte that night, the staff were not helpful in the least. They said \"all our hotels are booked. If you choose to get a hotel, you can send in a copy of your receipt to get up to $75 off\" It was a nightmare - I was all alone and ended up sleeping on the airport floor. I don't know what the issue was (weather? mechanical?), and it seemed like many people were in my same situation. However, the staff just didn't care and were very dismissive. I'm disappointed in American Airlines for not communicating with me what my options were (this hasn't happened to me before), and I'm disappointed in the careless Charlotte airport staff. I've never been so exhausted in my life after gettinG 3hrs of sleep on a cold floor and then waiting hours for my flight, which was again delayed by 30 mins. While I understand things like delays happen when flying, I did not feel like American was eager to communicate or help me."
"I understand that sometimes flights get delayed or cancelled, it happens. What I do not understand is how a flight can get cancelled the night prior and I do not get notified, I still show up to the airport at 04.30 in the morning only to be told I got rescheduled to the following day at 11.30 am? I was scheduled to depart from Fayetteville, NC with American Airlines - I asked the lady working at the front ticket counter if there were possibly any flights I could make out of Raleigh, which is an hour away. She pretended to look then said there was absolutely nothing and I was stuck with the next day flight. A little while after leaving I decided to call customer service just to be sure, as it turns out there was a flight at 07.30 from Raleigh that I could have made it on to, and been able to make it back home for my college courses. Along with that there were also about 6 other flights available that day out of Raleigh. Even though the lady on the phone wasn't friendly at least she was patient and helpful. Sadly this isn't the end of my story, I ended up having a connection flight home, of course my first flight out of Raleigh was delayed so I had to run to the next gate. The lady at the gate was rude about me being the last one to board, which was due to my delayed flight with this company."
"Barely professional and calmly arrogant. Both outbound and inbound flights with American Airlines were problematic to put it discretely. Outbound from Albuquerque (ABQ) to LA we waited on the tarmac for nearly an hour for what was explained as \"too much weight\". This enlarged into needing to correct the paperwork for this weight problem and finally into having to burn off fuel to eliminate the extra weight. Overall confusing and seeming disorganized in the first place. Our last leg through Phoenix to ABQ was a true mess. We came in on an overnight flight from Honolulu with a connecting flight leaving at app. 9am for Abq. However, we were held in Phoenix until 2pm due to \"mechanical problems\" with our assigned plane. This plane was still in Austin, (or so the gate staff said but the Customer service staff office nearby said it had departed earlier). As we sat and waited one could hear constant AA gate changes followed by a rush of passengers to elsewhere. The question steaming through our passenger group was simply, is there not another aircraft available when such a thing happens? Will we need to hustle to squeeze on to the next scheduled fight to Abq? Shall we rent a car and drive? The stressed gate staff kept announcing new and later departure times with no other info available. Then suddenly (our) plane arrived and after waiting briefly for a co pilot we left app. 5 hours late. The impression left was one of being in a gritty country called AA where chaos, lack of information and customer service is casually routine and where shareholders and yet greater profits are really the primary goal. We will try to avoid this carrier in future if at all possible."
"Not flown American Airlines before and it will be my one and only time. Flight from JFK to Heathrow was absolutely disgraceful - tatty, dirty lounge. You get a \"voucher\" for a drink in the lounge but the food you could buy looked terrible. Really shocked. The cabin in business was really good, quite new. Cabin crew in my section were more interested in talking and checking their phones than looking even vaguely interested. The food on the plane was the worst I have ever had in business. You wonder how they think they can get away with it."
"Traveling with my husband from Greenville-Spartanburg to Philadelphia. We paid extra for exit row seats. When checking in we found out that one of our seats was given away to someone who was obese and couldn't fit into a regular seat. They didn't offer to refund the extra money we paid and told us that we would have to file a report on their website to try to get our refund. Now we have to sit apart and I can't even sit in my seat comfortably because the man next to me takes up half of my seat too. Not one person from the airline has even apologized to us. Then after loading the plane we find out that there is technical problems with the plane and we returned to the terminal. (For some fresh air and room to move) Again not one apology from the AA employees. It's like they are so used to this that they are immune to the anger that passengers have. They don't show any concern. Not even a smile to ease the pain. Just blank faces doing what they are used to doing, nothing."
"Boston to Las Vegas via Charlotte. I have been flying with American Airlines for a long time and I have seen progressive decline in customer service, quality of flights, and all around appearance of this airline. AA employees do not seem to care and it shows! After arriving at the airport where a airline representative directs you to wait in a line to check your bags (which they charge a fee for) and does not move due to lack of personnel. And when you approach a desk AA rep and telling her that you have been waiting on that line for an 1:15 and the flight is boarding, she says everyone has problems and please wait in line. I did and evidently missed my flight. AA doesn't seem to care for their passengers, and this is not my first unpleasant experience! With ever increasing fees for traveling and fees for checking bags and awful services that this airline offers, at a time that the airline cannot blame the price increase for high fuel, they are still not offering any service in return."
"Memphis to Charlotte with American Airlines. The scanners were broken leaving them to enter each seat in manually. The crew was rude one even ran onto the plane to pull someone off because he miswrote the seat into the computer. The plane from Memphis to Charlotte was 40 minutes late and went to the wrong gate, giving myself and other passengers 15 minutes to get off the plane and run across the airport to the opposite side, only to miss my flight. Though the plane was still there, since it was less than 10 minutes, the doors were shut and that was that. The attendants at the gate were rude and cut me off midsentence. I will never fly with them again."
"Dallas to Barcelona via Miami. I wonder how many times American Airlines are told that they are literally the worst airline? The service is atrocious and they simply don't care. I'm writing this as we sit on the tarmac because of a lavatory failure. My entertainment system has been rebooted several times and I was simply told \"Oh well\" by the flight attendant. Just a blank stare like it is my fault. Save yourself the grief."
"Washington to San José. I made a mistake booking my AA Ticket online. Luckily the DOT requires airlines to allow you to make changes (with no fee) for up to 24 hours after booking a flight. I realized my mistake and called a mere 10 minutes after my original booking and informed the airline of the mistake and asked to change to the correct flight. The correct flight was the same price so it was a simple change. All went well and they agreed to change it no problems. (I thought) the correct flight was booked, and all was well. As I prepared for my trip, I realized my itinerary on aa.com was still the original flight. I call AA and they informed me that although they can see I called in, they have no record of the change. I explained that the reason I called (obviously) was to correct the itinerary, but they must not have done so. Despite the fact that they could see I called - they still wouldn't change my flight without the $200 change fee, since the operator apparently didn't annotate in the notes why I called, or change the flight correctly. Since all I have is a call log, and not a recording of the call, not sure how I would prove it. I'm not upset they made a mistake fixing my mistake (I made a mistake too after all) - what upsets me is that they are so insistent on charging that $200 change fee - even after I can show them that the itinerary should've been fixed when I called them the first time! Not an experience I'll forget anytime soon."
"East Texas to Myrtle Beach. Flight was delayed. We had 10 minutes to get to our next connection. The agent told us our flight had already left. My traveling companion had to work the next day at 8. The next available flight was the next day at 130p. American's next and final option was to offer a hotel at a distress rate. They did not solve our problem. I had to rent a car and drive myself to my final destination in order to be on time. Submitted a complaint on aa.com. Got an automated response stating they were not liable for my missed flight or the delay. A refund for the flight may be available in 4 to 6 weeks, but not for the rental car. This airline should not offer connections that are not possible to make. It was impossible for me to travel through two terminals in 10 minutes to catch my flight. Their representative showed no empathy and was acting like I was the reason my connection was missed. Someone really needs to investigate how often passengers miss flights and have to rent a car to reach their destination due to American Airlines insubordination."
"Las Vegas to Dallas. Mechanical problems are a given in the airline business however it's up to the airline to make up the difference. We missed our connecting flight and then waited for 1.5 hours for the hotel to send a shuttle. The airline had two hours to figure out who would be missing what flight and to coordinate effectively with the hotel for a seamless transition. Instead we waited in the cold and ended up at a hotel that was 20 mins away from the hotel, one that only had a shuttle once an hour and we almost missed the kitchen due to their laziness and poor planning. If it's ever in my power American Airlines will never get a dime from me again."
"Montevideo to London via Boston. Check-in MVD with no troubles, informed bag need to be collected with clearing custom in MIA. Boarding the flight 2A comes to my attention there is customer occupying the seat however due to aircraft change seat 2A was free. Due to that change other customer was yelling at me to change seat. Later during flight when crew gave custom form I wasn't too advanced in Spanish so decided to go to front galley and ask cabin crew to provide me with English custom card - that was mistake as five crew members laugh at me saying \"you don't speak Spanish\". Diverted from MIA to TPA due to weather (sure this happened, I managed to have a little snooze being on the ground 4h-5h with not much information). Tried to change my flight over the phone to attend my meeting in BOS however no chance to arrange it. After long morning and early afternoon having already few changes on my ticket I was sent to MIA by the same flight and arrived over 10hrs late. Crew on TPA-MIA flight was very good and that was only great team I witnessed during five flights on my trip. No one was able to assist me with changes for next day and I was offered another change and fly MIA to LHR. Being so exhausted with so little informations and if there were any confusing so badly I accept the change. When I boarded B777 some customers were approaching cabin crew asking about aircraft change and no flat beds available - crew denied any changes. When I contacted customer service to find some explanations and gave feedback from my experience I couldn't be any more disappointed from response."
"Charlotte to Los Angeles with American Airlines. I have flown on a lot of airlines, today's was the worst. Dismal customer service, rude counter workers and flight attendants, service boasted of wifi, television screens with 250 movies on the seat as well as USB chargers for the seats, none of which were available on a 5.5 hour flight. Boarding process was painful. Plane was dirty and some seats were worn out and had tears in them. Will not be flying with American Airlines again. Plane tickets are way too expensive for such substandard value."
"I hope it was the last time with American Airlines! I had to fly both ways to Philadelphia and back to Germany with American although on my flight list it said I would fly with Iberia and British Airways. Maybe I had really bad luck but on both flights there were mayor problems concerning delay. Before the first flight we were told, the aircraft is going to stop halfway to refuel so we would have a delay of several hours (they couldn't really tell us how much exactly). Having advised my transport ability from the airport to my final destination that I wouldn't arrive at time, we were told after a good half of the flight that we are going to fly directly to Philadelphia (as initially planned) because we had less wind than expected. The second flight was worse. The plane we were going to take arrived at Philly 20 min later than planned, so everything already was a bit delayed. After sitting in this machine over 1h without departing, we had to change plane(!) which lasted another hour, so we arrived at Amsterdam with over 2 hours of delay. While changing planes in Philadelphia I heard from several passengers that this is typical for AA, that they had come to Philly with a delayed AA flight and that they would never be able to get their train (just as me!) or connecting flight (except an American Airlines flight because that one you get because of its delay again - so if you fly AA, only fly AA). If there weren't all the other critical aspects in comparison to the flights' price. On other transatlantic flights of the same duration and price with Lufthansa or KLM, a personal screen with plenty of movies to chose is standard. Just as 2 ordinary meals plus snacks and comfortable seats with room for legs. On each of these 2 American Airlines flights, I had a disgusting meal and a tiny snack, there were small screens over every 5th row you can't see well from the mayority of seats (I had the luck of having one of these) and the seat couldn't be adjusted more than 2 inches backwards, so falling asleep wasn't possible for me, also because of permanent knee-seat-contact and the absolute impossibility of stretching my legs. It was horrible - in comparison with normal airlines such as Lufthansa or KLM."
"Fort Myers to Portland on American Airlines. I booked tickets for my 3 year old, my husband, myself and our 1yr and a half old. When I was checking in for our flight back home it showed our seats completely scattered on the plane and when I purchased our tickets they were together. Now they tell me that they have no seats together at this time and to check with the airport. I told them to change my flight or change someone's seats cause I will not be sitting away from my child! So not impressed. Never again!"
"My husband and I paid $311 extra for our seats to and from Honolulu for our dream vacation with American Airlines. These fees were so that we could sit together for the flights and for extra leg room. We never got the extra leg room on any of the 4 flights and had to argue with the counter people to even get to sit together. For example, when checking in with AA mobile app (which doesn't work well) for our flight from Honolulu to Phoenix, the app showed our assigned seats as being available for an extra fee (which we had already paid). We were then assigned standard seats (no leg room) and 6 rows apart. Finally, we got a counter agent to at least sit us together for the flight but we were told that this was a \"different plane so seats were different\". If this was even true, isn't it good business to take care of those that paid extra for better seats and then assign remaining standard fare seats? It appears that American charges at least double for this bait and switch. Who knows how many \"extra\" fees they charged for special seating and then assigned standard seats? We know for a fact that they did so on the HNL to PHX flight, as we spoke to the people occupying our originally assigned seats. The flight to Honolulu was so bad that my arm was cramped against the cabin wall resulting in numbness for most of the flight. As a result of not having room to stretch my legs for me, as a diabetic, resulted in my ankles swelling terribly on both 6 hour flights. American should be ashamed of their rude and unapologetic staff and charging fees for services that they do not deliver."
"New York to Las Vegas with American Airlines, and terrible customer service. Extremely rude staff at the check-in counter. No in-flight entertainment on a 6+ hour flight. No complimentary beer/wine, snacks or meals on the flight. I flew LAX to JFK, JFK to Las Vegas, Las Vegas to Phoenix and Phoenix to Honolulu all within a 2 week period and all but one of the flights were delayed. Very little information passed on to the customers."
"Philadelphia to Austin via Dallas. We were originally booked on American Airlines flight for Sunday (day of the big storm). Flight cancelled and rebooked via Indianapolis the following day (Monday). We were also cancelled from this flight though I did receive notification that all the connection flights flew on this day - so the plane not cancelled we were bumped. Then scheduled for Tuesday via Dallas except we were on a first class tickets x 3 and sitting in the rear of the plane on Row 36. No contact or email of the airline event though they had this because I spoke to their operator and gave it all to them. First class was fine from Dallas to Austin but American Airlines have lost a client for lack of service."
"Flew from St Louis to Dallas / Fort Worth to get a connecting flight to Colorado Springs. Unfortunately the weather was bad and my connecting flight was cancelled. What irritated me was the American Airlines employees had no procedure and were not helpful at all. After talking to 3 different employees I finally found one that had a flight to Arkansas the next morning to get a connecting flight from Delta to Denver, CO. After arriving in Arkansas, I went up to Delta to get my boarding pass and they had no record of me! The American Airlines employee failed to send my info or even inform me that I didn't actually have a seat for the connecting flight, but rather sent me there to just get me out of Fort Worth. I was literally stranded there - there was 11 other people in the same situation. I had to rent a car and drive from Arkansas to Colorado. Luckily I split the cost with 5 other people who also drove with me. What did I get from aa after filing a complaint? $130 from $630 that I spent on the tickets. Moral of the story - never fly with American Airlines."
"Flew in to Dallas from New Delhi, India on Emirates in economy class where everyone on the ground and in the air were helpful and friendly. Arrived at Dallas Fort Worth and went to the American Airlines Counter to get our boarding passes to Des Moines, Iowa. Staff at the American Airlines Counter were rude and impatient. I had asked about the terminal where we were supposed to go and she snapped, \"C! It says C right there!\" I had to remind her that I was not familiar with DFW airport. Then, we get on the plane. No greeting from the stewardesses. One stewardess started barking orders at my husband on how to put the carry-on in the overhead bin. No helpful advice. She just stood there with her hands on her hips barking at him."
"Flew American Airlines from Dallas to London Heathrow with a Boeing 777 (a ten-abreast seating). Very cramped class, the seat very uncomfortable with almost no recline. The IFE was limited, The crew wasn't attentive and rather boring. The served food did not taste nice. Not recommended."
"American Airlines flight to Chicago cancelled. Flown to Houston for connecting flight. Connecting flight cancelled. Eventually connected via different airline to Chicago. Total time 27 hours. Complained to American who don't care in their responses. My wife required a special dietary meal which of course was unavailable on all replacement flights."
"This was the worst travel experience I have had. I had arrived at Philadelphia Airport to board a flight from Philadelphia to Allentown to find out my flight had been delayed 2.5 hours. After waiting 2.5 hours they then decided to inform me that my flight had been cancelled due to \"mechanical error\". I then proceeded to wait another 1 hour to simply have my checked bag returned to me in baggage claim. American Airlines is the most unprofessional and discourteous airline I have encountered. Do not fly American Airlines."
"I broke my leg shortly after booking a flight with American Airlines from Montreal to Manchester via Philadelphia so called Reservations to request upgraded seats. They made me pay $52 for seats on both connecting flights, but ultimately I only received an 'upgrade' on the first flight. Even then, there was no actual legroom, they just stuck me on the front row where I could be knocked by the flight attendants for the entire flight. On the second flight I was completely ignored and not given what I paid for."
"Chicago to Atlanta with a 7 seven-hour delay, including 2.5 hours sitting on the plane, for a few inches of snow and some icy rain. While we sat on the plane, they kept announcing that equipment was malfunctioning and delaying us. Yes, weather can happen, but there was no attention to customer satisfaction after that - not even a little extra like free food. We lost $72 needing to get a hotel room near Atlanta that night, losing the money for the pre-booked hotel in Savannah we couldn't get to. I wrote American hoping for some level of refund, but they just answered \"we can't control the weather.\" American is ranked 9th out of 10 airlines, and I see why now. Don't use it!"
"Chicago to London Heathrow with American Airlines, and it was graceless from start to finish. No wait at check-in and through security in about 25 minutes. On a business class ticket you can access the Admirals Club lounge, which comes with a coupon for one free drink (including bottled water)!. Even then there's an expectation that you'll have to tip the barman who provides it. Otherwise, it's a few cheese crackers, cheese cubes and assorted nuts. There's a water fountain in the lounge, if you're really thirsty. Boarding was quick and stress free, and the refurbished Boeing 767-300 business class cabin offers a lof of personal space. There was a very long and unexplained wait after boarding until the doors were closed, and a further wait until pushback. You'd think that the flight attendants would be thinking ahead to how they'd be able to get on with service quicker on a night flight, such as taking dinner and drinks orders, but no, all standing around in the galley chatting. After take-off the flight attendants got out of their seats after 30 minutes. The next step was to manually log out 30 entertainment tablets and noise-cancelling earphones, so that was another 30 minutes gone. It was 90 minutes from take-off before the first drink hit the table. Dinner orders were then taken, and the meal service got under way. The cabin was kept at full illumination, with no attempt to create any form of night-time ambience. The starter was a mushroom carpaccio, which was very tasty, followed by what you'd think would a safe option 'steak in demi-glaze of blue-cheese'. The demi-glaze looked like oatmeal, and the steak was bloody in the middle, so after a few cuts, the blood started running everywhere, and it quickly became a pink, inedible mess. The dessert was ice-cream, which took a full 15 minutes before you could even crack off a chip with a spoon. The flight attendants were regularly doing the rounds throughout the flight, and nobody wanted for a drink. I passed on on the breakfast option of a quiche lorraine and spicy sausage, as this seemed like the perfect recipe for early-morning heartburn. The seat was extremely comfortable, but if you're looking for a business class product that delivers some style and atmosphere, this isn't it."
"Los Angeles to Sydney, and awful American Airlines check in staff who were rude and unpleasant. I was moved seats and sat completely separately from my family, despite having an arm in a sling and a hand in plaster. When I was upset and crying, I was told to be quiet. The onboard service was unfriendly, the flight attendant kept banging into me and the food was awful. Certainly not service with a smile. I will never fly with American Airlines again."
"Good luck getting anything from American Airlines customer service. We had a connecting flight cancelled (radio failure) in Miami on New Years Eve, stranding us for two days and then we were finally rerouted through Boston (from Miami!) to get to San Diego when our first make up flight was delayed. Inconvenient, but not horrible until we tried to get reimbursed for hotel (Miami on NYE), basic clothing, and food needs (family of 5). You have to put your request in online and guess what? They won't respond for 6-8 weeks. Tried calling and they only have canned response to wait for the online response. You are stuck and there is nothing you can do about it. Pretty amazing that such a large company can get away with no accountability. Looking back I would have made that entire line of 200 unhappy customers wait until I got some better answers than save receipts and you will be reimbursed."
"We have flown US airways for years prior to their takeover by American Airlines. US Airways customer service was professional and accommodating to the customer. We purchased tickets for a trip from Fayetteville to Montego Bay in April 2016 months ago. American airlines canceled two of our initial connecting flights we had booked, no problem we understand its business on their part. But when they rescheduled our flights for us the new flight times did not allow time between flights for customs, rechecking bags as we re-entered the country and changing terminals. When we called to get assistance changing these new flights (that AA had changed) their representatives were anything but accommodating! Rude as I explained that we could not make connecting flights as they had rescheduled, the supervisor told me I could say the sky was blue but it didn't change that they couldn't refund me for flights I wanted to cancel - and remember they are the ones who changed my flight scheduling flights without enough time to make connections. She just kept telling me no refund because it was me wanting a schedule change. When I asked her to help me cancel these flights altogether and start a new flight schedule she said no, that I needed to go online and do it myself, because our call had already taken 60 minutes. I reminded her we were American Airlines card members and that help booking by phone was one of our privileges - still no help."
"Las Vegas to Sydney via Los Angeles, and American Airlines are by far the worst airline I have travelled. Not only did they delay our flight by 2 hours resulting in a plane full of people missing their connect from LAX to Australia, but they were completely unhelpful with the reorganisation of all of the missed flights. We waited from 10:30pm - 3:00am to have our flight rescheduled (which left over 24 hours after our original flight) and have accommodation organised. We arrived at our accommodation to find that American Airlines credit card declined 4 times. We were then asked if we would go to a new hotel at 2:30am which required us to use a shuttle that left every 20 min to go back to the airport and then go on a 2nd 20min shuttle to go to the new hotel. It is currently 3:30am and they are yet to provide a credit card that has been accepted for a $115 payment. They also provided a $7 food voucher. All of that aside, we were treated so poorly by each of the American air staff we encounted and I really couldn't speak more poorly of any airline travel situation. Bitterly disappointed."
"After boarding our American Airlines 5am flight from Chicago to Dallas, we were informed that the water system was not working and maintenance was being called to look into it as there would be no water for coffee or toilets. After 40 minutes, advised that maintenance needed to isolate etc etc. After almost an hour of sitting on the plane, we were finally asked to get off plane and go to another gate to board another flight. The guy making announcements was whispering so we all weren't quite sure which gate. When asking the lady at the gate for clarification she was barking at everyone and acting like we were bothering her. Waking up at 2:30am for a 5am flight with an eta of 7:30am is doable if it goes according to plan - this was painful. Needless to say, I was not quite sure I was in capable hands after 2 hours of them fumbling around. We got to Dallas 2hrs later! Thankfully we did not have a connecting flight after. And after all that, there was no coffee offered on the flight! All in all, working for American Airlines would be an embarrassing experience and flying them a big gamble."
"We booked a flight from Barbados to London Gatwick in First Class with American Airlines, which through its codesharing put us on a British Airways flight. This British Airways flight was delayed by 7.5 hours and we were downgraded from First Class to Business class because the replacement aircraft did not have a First Class Cabin. American Airlines offered us 7,500 reward miles as compensation which I found to be unacceptable, and after writing to them, they replied essentially stating that they valued us as customers, reviewed our case and felt the compensation was adequate. EU regulation 261 states that any flight delay greater than 5 hours warrants compensation of Euro600 per customer (it was operated by British Airways but they insisted that any compensation issue had to be done with AA with whom we originally booked). American Airlines refused to acknowledge this requirement."
"London to Cancun via Miami with American Airlines, ands the flight in general was okay. Meals alright. Seat in business class was pretty comfy. Staff a little scary, but relatively polite. We have had a major problem with our luggage however. When we arrived in Cancun, one of our 2 suitcase didn't arrive. The AA computer reports that it is in Miami and it will follow the next morning on the 9am flight, so we happily head to our hotel. We've never seen the bag since and it's now 3 weeks later. If we check on the computer, it says the bag has not been located and to check back later. If we call, we are told the same thing. I feel like no-one is looking for my bag and it's just a case of 'computer says no'. All they tell us is to fill out their outdated paper based property form and send off a claim with receipts for all items over a certain value (which we don't have for everything in the case). I feel like no-one cares that my bag with some prized possessions has gone missing and they will just pay out - I'm expecting less than the full amount the case is worth, due to not being able to provide receipts for things that were a gift / more than a couple of years old. This would definitely put me off travelling with them again."
"Horrible flight from Vancouver to Boston via Dallas. Worst ever. When I got our boarding passes in Vancouver, the seats I paid $75 extra each for in row 8 were not the ones I was given, even though I had the confirmation. When I asked the girl at the American Airlines desk she couldn't help me and said to ask in Dallas. I called customer service, they still had me listed in row 8, not in row 17 and 16 (my son and I weren't even together now), then my wallet app ticket updated so I called customer service again - they still had us in row 8. In Dallas we were stuck with rows 17 and 16, not the seats I paid for, and then found out how difficult it is to get a refund for something that is clearly their fault. We got to Boston at 12:37am and our 4 bags, two suitcases and two ski bags didn't make it. The woman at the counter was rude. I reviewed a call in the morning saying my two ski bags made it and would be delivered by 2pm (I should mention my son was going back to college the next day) but they didn't know where my other two bags were and I was told to call back in a bit. I call back and my two bags were still in Texas and they \"hoped\" they would be here on the 3 pm flight. I called the 800 number quite a few times trying to get a straight answer and was told different things each time. Finally around 5pm I was told my other two bags had made it to Boston. I called to see where my ski bags were as it was past 2 and no bags yet. I was told they didn't make it to Boston until 2 so how could they be promised to be here by then I was told. Finally the driver called and said he'd have my ski bags here by 11pm! I never heard about the delivery of my other two bags so I called once again, got told they would \"rush\" the delivery as 4 hours later they were still at the airport - finally I got an email saying the delivery has started. The ski bags arrived close to 11 and the other two bags about 10 min later. What a hellish experience. We had to waste my sons last day home for winter break waiting for suitcases that didn't come when we were told, and I made hours of phone calls and was given a run around. I am confident had I not called and kept after my bags, they'd still be out there. Horrible customer service and they lie. I will do my best to never fly this airline again."
"Dallas to Quito with American Airlines. It was clean and new cabin, with comfortable seats. The meal was bad - just a sandwich. It is an international flight and just a sandwich is served. Be ready and take some food with you. Only 1 glass of water was offered, and this is not fair on an international flight, we have to buy food at the airport. They should improve by including some food. I believe that Delta and LAN Ecuador have better choices."
"The American Airlines flight from Detroit to San Antonio was not overly noteworthy. They handled the flight as expected with friendly staff, nice aircrafts, and pleasant flight times. However on the return trip, my girlfriend and myself were not impressed in the least. We arrived two hours early for our flight as expected and proceeded to wait for our plane. We weren't informed at any time that our aircraft was behind schedule, however it landed roughly twenty minutes past the time we were supposed to board. After the plane arrived we were informed that no carryon \"larger than a briefcase\" do all passangers needed to valet check their bags. This created an interesting issue when boarding as a pile of carryons began to block the path onto the plane. After boarding a plane that seemed to have been built in the seventies, we were informed that we were not going to be able to leave for 40 minutes due to weather in our connector in chicago; something that is to be expected this time of year. What wasn't expected was the condescending attitude of the entire staff. A fellow passanger stated that they needed to check the landing time, because he was going to a military funeral he would rather not miss. The flight attendant stated that they couldn't control the weather and walked away. After a hellish two and a half hour flight in an old, loud, cramped plane we arrived in Chicago for our layover. We than had to wait twenty minutes in the jetway while they unloaded each individual bag into the mass of passangers; noteworthy at this time is that Chicago was sitting at 6 degrees. We rush through the terminal to our connector flight and make it right as the plane is boarding. I give the employer at the gate my ticket and begin to walk to the airplane. He cleared his throat and stated my bags, that I had taken all of the way to Texas as a carryon, were to large for the flight. I inform him they are the same ones we went down to Texas with, but apparently that is not enough. Because he stated that I must place them into a size verifier to show that they are in fact acceptable. I preceeded to place them into the bracket, which showed them to clearly be the correct size. His response was to turn around and simply walk away, leaving me to puzzle over the correct next step. Overall, I felt belittled, and outright disrepected. I will not be taking another American Airlines flight due to this dreadful experience, even if it means higher costs or less ideal landing times."
"I will pay a premium to fly with other airlines in the future. Our American Airlines departure from Miami was so stressful after a much needed vacation to decompress. We arrived 2-1/2 hours early and went to the AA terminal to check in. There were lines at every kiosk and hundreds of people waiting on line throughout. We got on line and waited 40 minutes at a kiosk (several were out of service it seems). Everyone who got a turn at bat eventually arrived a problem which required a customer service person to come over and help them. The help mainly consisted of sending them to the baggage check/kiosk service lines. Our turn was no different. As our baggage tags began to print, the machine had a glitch, indicating that it was probably out of tag stickers. We flagged down a customer rep who - you guessed it - sent us to the baggage check/kiosk service line where we waited another hour plus. Everyone we watched was having to remove stuff from their bags and this was very time consuming. When we got to the front of the line, they weighed our bag (which was the identical bag we had flown in with - nothing added!) and told us it was 2 lbs over and we could remove items or pay a $100 upcharge for the overweight bag. Since by now our flight was boarding and we still had not gone through security, we felt compelled to pay the charge. As we were boarding, our daughter with a smaller bag carry on was forced to check it anyway, as most of the other passengers were also being forced to check. (Why did we bother to stand in line for 2 hours if the flight attendants were tagging bags at boarding?) A woman on our flight told us how they were forced to layover in Miami overnight after waiting in the airport all day. They were not comped for their room. Several people on that flight missed connections for their vacations, and one couple missed their cruise. Does American know or care that people save all year to enjoy a vacation and then have to put up with this kind of crap?? We will fly any airline but AA going forward."
"I am an AAdvantage member and American Airlines credit card holder and I was just hung up on by an American Airlines supervisor. I fly monthly to weekly for work with multiple airlines. I am flying with American Airlines tomorrow from Madison to Seattle via Chicago. After my travel agent booked my flight I went onto my mobile app to select my seat. All the open seats had an up charge to select them. So, I decided to wait to get a seat assignment at check in. This morning I checked in on my mobile app. I was assigned a seat and given my boarding pass like usual. A few hours later I got on to the seat selection portion of my app. It showed the seat I was in did not recline. It also showed that all the seats except one in the back still had an up charge. So, I picked the seat in the back of the plane. After confirming my seat change I saw that the seat I had been assigned originally was a preferred seat with extra leg room and priority boarding. It also showed that to move back to that seat I was initially assigned I would have to pay an up charge. I decided to call reservations to see if there was anything I could do to keep the same seat level I'd been assigned but switch to one that reclines. This is a 4 hour flight at 5am after all. The rep said she couldn't explain what happened and couldn't help me because I was already signed in. She did say that it shouldn't have happened (all seats shouldn't have up charges and I should've been able to move seats in the cabin I was assigned). So, I decided to call the mobile app technical support line to see if they could at least tell me what happened. The tech person sent me to a supervisor who was supposed to be able to help. The supervisor listened to me explain what happened then proceeded to accuse me of lying because it didn't line up with the activity on my account. She said I would've had to pay for my original seat assignment claiming I hadn't completed my transaction and had I gone to the \"last screen\" I would've been asked for a credit card. I explained that I didn't ever ask for an upgrade and that I merely checked in and did fully check in without ever being asked for a credit card or told I had priority seating. I also told her I had the preferred seat on my boarding pass. She said that had I kept that seat and gone to the airport tomorrow, I would've been told I had to pay $68 or switch to whatever seats were left open at the back of the plane. I told her that sound strange and didn't seem like great customer service. She then asked \"what are doing right now\". I explained I was just looking for an explanation of what happened (was it an issue with my app?) and looking for someone to make me feel like a valued customer. I really wanted to understand what went wrong, I fly too much to deal with this and have never had anything like this happen before. The woman then rather heatedly announced that they are the best airline in the world. I told her our conversation wasn't demonstrating that and that the reason we were talking right now was because I wanted to give them a chance to show me that. I asked if she could just help me understand what happened and confirm the issue wasn't there for the other leg of my flight. She then told me to have a nice day and hung up on me. I was shocked. I did not use curse words or insult her. I was not screaming though I was frustrated. It was shockingly bad customer service."
"I have been flying frequently for the past several years and American Airlines is the worst airline that I have ever dealt with. I got a call at 11pm the night before my 6am flight from Las Vegas to San Antonio saying that I would be delayed over an hour and a half. I got to the gate of my connecting flight 5 minutes before departure due to the delay and they would not let me on the plane. I had to wait 4 hours for the next connecting flight just to be told that it was delayed another 3 hours. I was supposed to reach my destination at 1:30pm, but instead I got there at 6:45pm. Every time I talked to an employee, whether it was to ask questions or try to change my flight, they were extremely rude. Unless you are willing to deal with horrible customer service and a ridiculous amount of waiting around at the airport, I do not recommend this airline."
"Philadelphia to Denver, and this is my first time flying with American Airlines and I will never fly with them again. I had to have my name changed on my ticket going to to my initial flight and I was in the customer service line. I was yelled at by three different employees in the Denver airport to go print my boarding pass at a kiosk, which I had already done. Then, with my departing flight from Philadelphia, I had to pay for my checked bag with cash. A very nice employee directed me to the correct line. I was standing there for a little while and then a woman behind the desk starts staring at me, yelling at me to go print my boarding pass at a kiosk. I have never ever been treated this way when I am just trying to get on to my flight. I understand that the kiosks make things easier for everyone, but employees should be trained in being polite to customers to find out what they are in line for before shouting at them. Or at least hire friendlier people if it's that difficult."
"I booked flights with British Airways, and I was put on the way back from Orange County to London to travel with their partner, American airlines, via Dallas. The first segment was OK and landed in time in a new Boieng 737-800. There was WiFi on board, although very very expensive. The problems started in Dallas, where after boarding, we had to wait in an old Boeing 777-200 for 1.5 hours, for the luggage to be unloaded and redistributed so that the weight of the aircraft to be ideal. After take-off, the IFE started to work, but you couldn't just play the movie you wanted, you could either jump in the middle of it, or wait about 15 minutes until it will start again. As it wasn't enough, this system went out of power doing the middle of the movie, the crew had no idea and after 30 minutes it came back to life. Of course, I had to watch a movie 3 times from the beginning as you couldn't fast forward or anything. The food was generally bad, as was the wine they gave us. Just a small blanket and a pillow, no other things for the night. The crew didn't give much of an interest. I guess the old entertainment system was just because it was a night flight (scheduled departure 22:10) and not many people use it. That is why I rate it as an average experience. I will try for the future not to fly them."
"Our outbound flights with British airways were fine plenty of drinks and food included, however the connecting flights in the US are with American Airlines and were outrageous. We flew from New York back to Manchester with American Airlines. We booked in 3 hours before take off to arrange we sat together. We were made to book in by machine in the terminal. They seated us nowhere near each other although seats together were plainly visible on said console, when we mentioned this to the staff they told us we would be able to change this at the gate. No you can't. The stroppy little madam who appears half an hour before gate closure refused point blank to alter seating, despite families with young children being separated, unless you paid extra for seating. There was no attempt to seat people together in New York. The entertainment for the flight to Manchester was a tiny overhead screen you couldn't see in the centre aisle which weren't worth neck ache to see. Food and drinks were okay, thank goodness the flight was only 7 hours. Only two toilets. The internal flights between destinations in America were worse - we were only offered three drinks, one of which was water, no food despite the flight being 7 hours. American Airlines does not include food and drinks. So when booking through British Airways and paying out more money for what you believe is a good company, remember that when flying to US the affiliated flights with American Airlines are comparable to Ryanair or flybe."
"Houston to Montrose, and I will never again fly with American Airlines. On December 23, 2015, I waited 1 hr and 15 mins. for my bags to be unloaded and put on the baggage claim belt. When I went and asked an American Airlines Agent she told me my bags where already on the belt. When I went to check, they were not. I proceeded to wait and then went again and inquired about my bags. The same lady once again said they were on the belt. She ended up lying to me 5 times and multiple times to other passengers that were on my plane. One person asked to speak to a manager and was told that the manager could not be concerned with our problem. Then on December 27, 2015, my flight was cancelled and instead of helping me book another flight I was left to book my own flight. When I finally found a flight and asked if there was a quicker flight to my city 4 different American Airlines Agents would not even look up to see if such a flight existed."
"Check-in experience with American Airlines at Dublin was horrible-it took 45 minutes and during this time all passengers were subject to inept security 'interviews' with clueless AA staff. Invasive and pointless. After that we did the endless security and pre-clearence routine for a US bound flight out of Dublin. Took over 2 hours to simply arrive at the gate. Flight was on time to Philadelphia, late to Halifax. Food bad, but liquor offering good. Leg room was reasonable for today's Economy class. We were near the back of the aircraft, but this A330 has a sensible 2-4-2 configuration and we had the 2 by the window which is nice for a couple. Seat back entertainment didn't work for me, USB chargers on both seats didn't work. Cabin crew weren't exactly professional, and down right silly on the PHL-YHZ leg (not aware that Halifax has a different time zone, no idea of scheduled arrival time, generally inarticulate). The aircraft from PHL-YHZ (operated by American Eagle) had an old plane smell, and the bleak interior of the ERJ 145 seemed to be yellowing with age. Good communication from the pilots on this leg, which was necessary as there were repeated delays ending in a 30 minute broken down jetway farce at the Halifax airport. Overall AA falls well below Lufthansa and BA in terms of basic service."
"Pittsburgh to San Diego via LAX. The worst consumer experience of my life. My flight for Tuesday morning was canceled at midnight. 3 hours on the phone, with numerous people telling me I'll be delayed for 3+ days. Finally at 3am, a supervisor finds me a flight leaving in a couple hours. Hustle to the airport and the lines are crazy at 5am. Not enough employees and the logistics were terrible. Fast forward and I arrive home in San Diego. My luggage didn't join me. I went to the baggage office and it turns out the check-in person in Pittsburgh put the wrong code on my bag. I filed the appropriate claim. Fast forward 5 days, no bag arrives at my home. Now, I've spent the last 2 days listening to terrible elevator music for 4+ hours on hold with \"central baggage services\" without hearing a human voice. I will never again willingly purchase a ticket for American Airlines."
"We booked our American Airlines flight from Atlanta to Dublin with a 1 hour 30 min stop in Philadelphia several months before we were set to fly in December. We arrived early for our 5:30pm flight. We received notification that our flight was now 1 hour 35 minutes delayed which meant we would miss our connection flight to Dublin. We called the hotline for assistance and they were very rude and not helpful. We arrived at 8:40pm to catch a 9:10pm flight. We were on a small plane so we had to wait for our valeted bags, run from gate F 23 to a bus to take us to A 23. I attempted to ask the gate agent to radio the other gate to let them know we were on our way. They told me \"we don't hold planes for anyone\" and proceeded to laugh at me and then looked at me with a puzzling stare when I told them we were headed to Ireland. We ran through the airport and made it to the gate at 8:59 as the doors were closing. I was dripping in sweat and good barely breath as I gave the ticket to the gate agent. I said \"I'm sorry it's the airlines fault we are late.\" She said \"it most certainly is not!\". I said \"our plane was delayed 1 hour 35 minutes!\". She said \"well it's not my fault!\". If we were not young and in relatively good shape and had some luck with the bus being quick, we would have not made this flight. The onboard crew were excellent and efficient but the customer service and gate agents were the worst I have ever dealt with. I have flown a lot in my life with several different airlines and this was by far the worst experience. American Airlines has lost my business forever."
"The worst experience. Arrived at Newark 5am for a 6:30am American Airlines flight to Sacramento. Nearly an hour in line to check in, and then the conveyor belts were not working so luggage had to be manually loaded onto carts. Only two employees working all the counters - they were frazzled beyond belief. Just barely got to the plane on time. Airline knows how many tickets it sells so there is no excuse for its counters to be understaffed. Then on the return trip during a layover in Dallas/Ft. Worth, the plane to Newark had \"maintenance issues\" which cost us an additional 1.5 hours delay."
"We purchased first class seats to fly New York to Buenos Aires return. American Airlines called me a few days before departing to inform about an aircraft change from three class to two class only - I requested the refund from my First Class fare to the new Business Class fare. AA started to go around giving us excuses, and I was able to obtain a partial refund when checking in at JFK. AA oversold the returning flight in the business class. I called customer service and I was transferred to the \"resolution department\". Half an hour on the phone with zero assistance. We went to the airport knowing that AA took away our seats selection. The line for check in and the area was horrible (First Class). We got the boarding pass with no seats assigned and no boarding gate provided. We finally got our seats, 10 minutes prior to boarding in a nasty boarding area with no AC in summer time. The new Boeing 777 did not have the promoted walk in bar and the windows that are supposed to provided with privacy in the middle seats did not work - I'm still waiting to get the full refund between first class paid, toward business class provided with a horrible travel experience. Mails were sent with no response at all. AA should stop painting old airplanes and spending money in advertising, and provide better service and maintenance in the airplanes."
"I was travelling American Airlines from Quito to MIA for summer holiday. Such a short trip, but two hours delay on departure that cause me missed the tour with friends. Very disappointed. On my return back to Quito, three hours wasted at the airport, again delayed. Worst experience with American Airlines. I have been using American Airlines since 2010, I was happy with the service, not anymore. Delays were never announced."
"American Airlines has lost my business forever. Cancelled our morning flight on Jan 2 from the Dominican Republic to Miami in the middle of the night. When I called to reschedule they told me the earliest they could book a flight for my family was Jan 6. Four days! I asked for any flight back to the east coast so I could get my young children back to the states and was told there was nothing she could do. No offer of hotel vouchers, no offer of food, not willing to book us on another airline. There were people in the airport who had been there for two days and the line at the counter was hundreds of people deep. There were flights available as we booked ourselves to get back to the US on our own, via another airline. We are currently fighting to get a ticket refund. Absolutely unacceptable behavior by an airline; essentially holding people in a foreign country for 4-5 extra days because they don't want to spend the money to book on a partner airline."
"Sacramento to Fayetteville. I booked this American Airlines round trip back in early October 2015. I paid $900 just to go home for the holidays and without a choice had to purchase a First Class Seat with no seats left on one of the the returning connecting flights. The departure home went smooth but the return to Fayetteville was a nightmare. My original flight out of Sacramento was continuously delayed till 11 am the next morning. Because of this I got bumped like crazy and the worst part I had to deal with before arriving to Dallas was the fact I had no alternative but to sit there until 4am the next morning and reclaim my luggage to recheck by that time to. No food before the checkpoint but luckily being Military there was a USO with cots to sleep on. I waited back at the terminal B but the AA counter did not open past 4am as a few other showed up. My hit time was passing and I ran to another terminal when I found out it was actually open. The response from the attendant was I was too late and should have 'known better' to come to that terminal. By this time I was exhausted, hungry, and worn out. I got lucky with a flight in the next hour. I get to Charlotte, NC with another delayed flight and find out I'm actually on standby. The flight to Fayetteville is a later time and have to wait till then to see if I'm able to get a seat. Finally after arriving to Fay, NC I go to get my luggage. Turns out they didn't send it and the bags are still in Charlotte. In the end the only person who was around was a nice baggage man who got my bags to me later that night. I was a day late signing back in with the Military and with that First Class Seat wasted $30 as that never happened. Also the insurance bringing the unfortunate cost to $990 + tax which was not worth it. My car parked gained an extra day also of $12 on the parking ticket. I will never use American Airlines again."
"I was a transit passenger connecting in JFK from London to Caracas on AA2559. I fell in line to recheck my baggage at the counter in Terminal 8 more than 2 hours prior scheduled departure. The line was long and slow. By the time the agent got to me they told me it was too late and I missed my flight, even tho I was at the counter 1 hour and 6 min prior my departure. I protested saying I already had my boarding pass issued in London and all I was doing was dropping off and rechecking my luggage, but AA failed in providing a counter just to drop bags and staff was incredible slow. I was placed on the next day's flight via Miami but was not provided any meals and lodging even if I was stranded beyond my control. I understand that as a transit passenger I had 120 minutes to make a legal connection; and that included deplanning, clearing immigration and customs, rechecking luggage, and walking to the gate. I do not understand why I was refused boarding if I presented myself more than 120 minutes prior departure only for rechecking luggage. Also, neither in the flight from NY to Miami, nor to the one to Caracas there was not vegetarian meal option, or wifi, even though it shows up when I was booking the flight and is also told loud in the message that is played inside the aircraft - when asked to the flight attendant, they told me no."
"La Guardia to Palm Beach. I was travelling back from spending Christmas break with my family in NY and required extra luggage for my gifts. When I landed in West Palm Beach I was upset to find that one of my suitcases was broken (the handle would not pull up). When I returned home I was even more upset to see that 3 of my gifts which were carefully wrapped and placed safely inside my suitcase were broken. I paid $25 for my first bag and $35 for the second, totaling $60 in luggage fees. I am extremely upset to find that my bags were not properly taken care of. I have never ever experienced issues with luggage before and this was the first time in several years I have flown with American Airlines. I will not fly them again."
"Tampa to San Diego. The worst airline I've encountered. They have zero regard for their customers and (aside from the flight attendants) have the most apathetic, unfeeling staff. I missed all of my original flights, my rebooked connecting flights to my final destination due to their own delays. When I reached out to American Airlines I received no assistance in rectifying or easing my problem. I'm now stuck in Dallas sleeping at the terminal running 12 hours behind my original schedule. I will never recommend this airline."
"Barbados to Santo Domingo via Miami. First leg of journey fine. Arrived in Miami and at the boarding gate, announcement made that the flight is cancelled. Then the agent mentions that the sign is incorrect and it's not our flight that has been cancelled, it's another flight. We are moved to another gate. Board plane on time. Half way through boarding pilot announces that there is a crack in the windshield, so we have to deplane. We are moved to a new plane at another gate, but our crew decides not to bother moving, so we are told that because there is now no crew, we will not be flying. Told to go to Customer Services to get hotel vouchers and meal vouchers. The line at Customer Services is over 3 hours long. Yes, 3 hours. We wait and wait and wait. Customer service staff could not be ruder. They say \"there are no hotels, you can book your own but American Airlines will not pay more than US$ 75\". I ask where we are supposed to sleep. \"On the floor\" said the agent. I ask for my bags to be returned, and am told this will not be possible. I have to pay $30 for a taxi and $230 for a hotel and wear dirty clothes again. Next day I get the flight to Santo Domingo, and check with agent in business class lounge and also at gate that my bags are boarding. Both confirm yes. When I arrive at Santo Domingo, no bags. Baggage agent confirms that both bags are still in Miami but will come later that evening on the 9.30pm flight. I say I will send a driver to pick them up. Driver arrives at airport, one bag has arrived, the other not. Baggage rep says it will come on next flight arriving 1am, and they will send on to me - even though they don't have my address. Next day I send another driver to the airport, he picks up second bag. When I open it, a present was missing. I call American Airlines and am told to return to the airport to make a report. Throughout all of this, not one person has apologised."
"I will never fly American Airlines again, the service is awful. We flew round trip to the Caribbean island of Guadeloupe (Pointe a Pitre) via Charlotte and Miami inbound, and via San Juan and Miami outbound. We flew a mix of first and business class. We did not experience any delays or cancellations but the basic service you would expect in first class wasn't there. Leaving Seattle, we were able to access the Alaska Airlines lounge with our first class boarding pass, however when we got to Charlotte we were expecting to spend our 7 hrs layover in the lounge, but turns out, American Airlines does not allow lounge access to it's domestic first class passengers (even though we were flying to an international destination)! This was quite a shock to us, we fly Alaska all the time, and never have this issue. Service onboard was not what you would expect in first class, seats on most flights were pretty uncomfortable, the food was ok, except for the flight from Charlotte to Miami, where \"lunch\" was a bag of chips (on a 2hrs + flight), on this flight we notice the flight attendant serve herself a 3 course meal. We had a lost bag on the inbound flight. The only decent service we received was on the flight between Miami and Pointe a Pitre, it was operated by American Eagle."
"On December 27th, my husband and I had tickets to fly out of Newark airport into Charlotte, then San Juan PR. When we arrived at the airport there was confusion amongst everyone. We waited for what seemed to be over 2 hours to see an agent. The agents left the economy class to serve priority customers. All three agents served priority. No one was at the counter for economy class. Several customers and I tried to speak with the supervisor, but she refused to speak to us. One gentleman was nice enough to take care of us. We found out that our flight was cancelled. My husband and I had to return home, which cost us $55.00, then catch the next available flight the next evening leaving JFK. This cost us another 65.00. We arrived San Juan at 2am on the 29th. We lost 1 full day, plus one night of our vacation time. On Jan 2, we were assigned to return home. We had two carry on bags because we were not planning on taking the connecting flight. When we were on line to aboard the plane, the young girl said, you will have to check your bags, with no explanation. I said, we can't because we are not taking the connecting flight. She never looked at me. She just repeated, \"you Have to check your bags, you will get them at the gate on the other side!\" When we went onboard there were many empty bins. I asked the steward, why did the young girl at the gate make us check our bags if there are several empty bins. He apologized and said, she should have checked with us first. I have to say I didn't feel safe or supported with most of the staff working for American Airlines. My husband and I felt we were treated very poorly. We've been traveling regularly. We used other carriers and never experienced such unprofessional behavior."
"I posted earlier about the late arrival of the Heathrow to Miami flight, with subsequent missing of the connection and my complaint about the treatment of my daughter and her friend by American Airlines staff. In the interests of balance, American Airlines did put them up in a hotel at no cost and managed to get them on the first flight to St Thomas's this morning, therefore they should be able to continue with their holiday as scheduled, so I would like to thank American Airlines for that."
"My recent flight from Atlanta to Washington DC required one stopover in Charlotte, which began a series of disastrous events. Mis-located luggage (had to leave CLT secured terminal area to retrieve luggage); malfunctioning electronic online boarding/check-in system; and profound and frustrating lack of American Airlines representative accountable and customer care/concern. By far the worst airline to fly. Will certainly consider these events before ever flying American Airlines again!"
"My family and I flew from Milwaukee (MKE) to San Jose Del Cabo (SJD) with a connection in Phoenix (PHX). The Milwaukee flight was about 4 hours long and only a beverage service was done. The aircraft was an old US Airways plane and seat were not very comfortable. At Phoenix we had a short layover, about 1 hour 30 minutes and the flight was stopped during taxi because our gate was occupied. We got to the gate abut 30 minutes later and we basically sprinted towards our connection. The connection was done on an A321, still old interior, new livery. This flight was a little more comfortable but no beverages because of turbulence. The return flight was all on time and every thing about the same. I really hope American Airlines will improve its domestic service with free snacks on flights more the 3 hours long. Also same rule should apply to alcoholic beverages. They should improve seats, especially in economy, with IFE and make it free on longer domestic flights. My experience was not one I would love to do again, unless American improves. Hope they work hard and build something better. The one positive part was the price which was exceptional with the times and connections."
"Partial review on behalf of my daughter and friend. They bought an American Airlines ticket from London Heathrow to St Thomas via Miami. They should have had two hours from touchdown in Miami to catch the connection to St Thomas. The flight from Heathrow arrived 50 minutes late. None of the American Airlines staff made any attempt to assist these two girls in making the connection. They sold them the ticket, so they must have known that they had a connecting flight, yet every enquiry they made they were told to wait. They missed the connection and eventually someone at AA did at least organise them a hotel. As I type 08.20 (US eastern) on the 3rd, they are in the departure lounge in Miami hoping for a cancellation on the midday flight to St Thomas. If they miss this, then they will not make their dream holiday, flotilla sailing holiday around the British Virgin Islands. The handling of this matter by American Airlines staff has so far been dreadful. Let's hope they pull out the stops to put right the problems caused by the late arrival of their aircraft and subsequent poor handling of customers needing to make connecting flights by their airport based staff"
"Flight left on time for my trip to Toronto, however, once in the air and halfway to Toronto the pilot informed us the plane was malfunctioning and we returned to Chicago. We were directed off the aircraft and given no information for an hour as we waited. Once back on, the plane arrived 3.5 hour later than originally planned. Traveling back to Chicago, the flight was delayed for an hour. Managed to make up some time in the air, until we were taxiing into our gate and the plane braked suddenly because we hit a truck. We sat on the runway as the police and fire departments inspected the scene. As we were sitting there, I was asked to move seats by the flight attendant so he could have my seat to take pictures of the accident. About an hour later we taxied into our gate, and by that point I missed my next departure. I will never be flying American Airlines again."
"Miserable experience both coming and going. Every single leg of our journey (Minneapolis to Allentown via Charlotte) was delayed. We were supposed to leave Minneapolis at 1:50 pm - actually got off the ground at 5 pm. Missed connecting flight. Stood in line for an hour to reach someone who could book us on another flight. Had to go to Harrisburg instead of Allentown! Had to cancel reserved rental car. Arrived in Harrisburg at about 2:30 am. Agent referred us to a taxi - there were no taxis! Luckily some guy in a van called a taxi service for us. Very grumpy driver finally arrived 20 mins later. Had to spend night in a hotel. Airline refused to pay because delay was due to an \"Act of God\" (ie. weather). Baggage went to Allentown, not Harrisburg. Finally got it several days later. The return home was the same. Due to leave at 5:00 - left at 5:36. Missed connecting flight. Booked on the only remaining flight leaving at 11:55 pm! Again the airline was very unapologetic and blamed it all on the weather. I will never book American Airlines again. I was initially skeptical about all the complaints I found posted about this airline. Now I know they were accurate!"
"American Airlines took full advantage of a high-price round-trip ticket from LGA to CLT airports. Instead we had to fly LGA to CLT leaving NYC, and CLT to EWR returning to NYC. Yes, they had a jacked up the price by $200/ticket just to fly round-trip. If this was first class with an airline that was dependable, maybe I'd pay the price, but not when I know it's already going to be bad. I was right, it was bad. We stood online coming home from CLT, scanning our boarding passes. Some passengers sat down on the plane, we were just about to step onto the plane. Before we get one foot on, we are told there is a 1.5 hour delay. We now have to all exit the plane, un-scan our boarding passes. 40 minutes later we have to board again. Passengers were late assuming they had 1.5 hours to eat. We should have boarded the plane from the start since it took 45 minutes just to get all the passengers seated and carry-on's handled. We could've saved some time then. I stopped flying with AA since I had options, now they merged with US Airways and I'm out of luck. Although all airlines are bad, this is the worst US airline."
"My family and I had a flight to San Salvador scheduled on Dec. 16, 2015 at 1 pm. We arrived an hour earlier to turn in our luggage and receive our boarding passes but when we got to TSA we realized the guy gave us the wrong boarding passes which belonged to someone else who was going to the Dominican Republic. We went back to the man who seemed like he had no idea what he was doing because he kept asking the other person next to him for help. Once everything was taken care of we headed back to TSA and went through the process. By the time we arrived at the gate we were not allowed to enter because we were late. The lady at the desk refused to help us board another flight, instead she went to text on her phone. Another lady helped get on a flight with TACA airlines. Things got worse after that. We had to go on separate flights to Miami. I arrived at 9 pm and my mother with my 2 younger sisters arrived at 10 pm. Next we went to board our flight with TACA airlines. We had to walk across the entire airport to find TACA. Then had to wait until 3:52 am for our plane to arrive. We finally got on the plane but later we found out they were going to stop at Nicaragua for a while and from there we would arrive to San Salvador. In Boston we were told our luggage would arrive to San Salvador before we did. TACA told us the same in Miami but when we arrived to San Salvador our luggage was nowhere to be found. We received our luggage almost a week later but my bag did not arrive. I was forced to buy clothes in El Salvador because I never received my bag. I came back on Tuesday Dec. 29 2015. My bag was brought back to my home. This was the worst vacation I have ever experienced. It is also not the first time American Airlines loses my luggage."
"I have been at the Orlando airport for two days waiting to pick up a friend flying in from Beijing with American Airlines. Every flight that he was supposed to get on was either cancelled or delayed. And no one from American Airlines will even tell me if he is even on a flight from Dallas to Orlando yet. How does making it impossible for people to find out what happened to their families make them safer? The guy at the counter looked annoyed even before I asked my question. This is the worst service I have ever seen."
"Our trip was originally scheduled for San Francisco to Dallas Fort-Worth (Flight #2417), and Dallas Fort-Worth to Piedmont (#5812) in North Carolina. Flight from SFO to DFW departed and landed with no complications. Original leave time for flight #5812 on Sunday was to depart at approximately 8:30, to land in GSO at 11:05. Our troubles began when the gate changed from B47 to B1 with no notice or confirmation. The only reason we found out was from a non-airport flight tracker web site. Waiting at B1 with the rest of the people scheduled to take the flight, our gate was then changed again, back to B47 with no confirmation or notification from the airport. At this time the gate personnel at B1 still had no idea. The only reason we found out, again was from a non-affiliate web site. After running to the gate at the other end of the airport with 5 minutes to spare, (this because the Sky Link was broken) we made it to B47. At B47 there was no Gate attendant, only a message on the screen informing us that the flight would depart at the scheduled time. As we watched the scheduled time come and go, again with no gate attendant in sight the screen changed again with a later departure time, still no gate attendant at this time. After 2 hours a non-related flight attendant traveling with our group answered the ringing phone, to inform the control center that there was no gate attendant, no pilot, no crew, and that the plane had been sitting there since when we first arrived. About 5 minutes later the supervisor showed up. She was unresponsive to anyone’s questions, and refused to talk to anyone. She got on the phone a few times, typed in the computer and we watched the departure time change again. Only this time is was changed to 11:00, which was the same time as another scheduled flight. These people were also now at the gate and as confused as we were (because the airport flight screens said both our flights would be leaving at the same time, from the same gate). We finally got word that we were waiting on a crew, and we watched a pilot and two stewardesses board the plane. Again, no notice from any gate personnel. After we watched the now changed 11:30 departure time come and go, we watched the pilot and two stewardesses deboard the plane. Still no one at our gate to answer any questions, as the supervisor had left hours before. We asked the pilot and stewardesses what was happening and they responded that they had been sitting on the plane for too long, and were now over their hours. They also informed us once they walked away there was no one to fill their spots, and the flight would inevitably be cancelled. Again no notice from the screen that still said it was departing at 11:30, which at this time it was 12:30. I called, and they rebooked us to fly out Monday, from Dallas to Ft. Meyers, to Charlotte, then Greensboro. The woman on the phone then told me that she could not give vouchers for hotels over the phone; to go back to the attendant we first spoke with. American Airlines will never get our business. I refuse to pay thousands of dollars, and be made to feel the way we were treated. It’s one thing to be delayed due to weather, its one thing to have flights canceled, but to have your employees make us feel like pawns in your monopoly is ridiculous."
"I am a frequent flier platinum member I book about 60,000 base miles (miles actually flown) on this airline a year and a fly a lot of other airlines as well. I have been an advantage member for about 20 years. I have progressively seen this airline degenerate and as of today take advantage of its customers. Customer service is almost non existent, the $200 change fee is uncalled for especially for frequent fliers. The problem is I don't think that they are trying, also I have been very keen on the price increases (sometimes close to 70% increase) brought about by the merger where now American is the only carrier to certain routes. For some reason in my experience one out of every 30 flights gets cancelled (or just my luck) for a non distinct reason, I don't want to accuse but usually I can intuitionally predict when this will happen, that is when I see that its substantially empty a week before the flight. Delays are ever more frequent, in the last three flights we had a 30 minute delay because they were still loading bags, three other delays for flight attendants not in or pilots not in yet. No snacks, and the food for purchase which is not much is usually not even available as they stock very little of it and the tempting items are taken quickly. The advantage program keeps getting changed not for the better. If the prices were cheap I would not complain as much. The few planes that have the new IFE system carry vey little media and no free tv, also the gogo in flight is really too expensive for the average passenger, if it was a reasonable rate I would use it for other than the occasional free partial pass. Bottom line American used to be just ok, now its just subpar and expensive."
"I envisioned a smooth journey, with reasonable options if any difficulties were encountered. I experienced the total opposite with my family of 4. My connecting flight from Orlando to Dallas at 6.50am was cancelled due to weather conditions which is understandable. The flight as re-booked for the same day at 3.46pm. This second flight was also cancelled last minute, and we were told that we would either be able to put on a standby for a flight 4 hours later flight or get booked for a flight two days later, the latter was clearly not an option. To my disbelief, about an hour and a half later flights began leaving for Dallas without our knowledge, it was not announced on the PA system. Eventually, we got on a flight at 10pm, but it doesn't end there, our flight to Calgary was already cancelled. The next flight from Dallas to Calgary was supposed to depart at 10.50am the next day. We did not board until 11.45am, and as the plane was getting ready to depart, one of the engines failed, resulting in the plane going out of service, and the cancellation of the flight. The only options they offered were next day flights. The service is definitely not customer oriented, they seem unwilling to meet the needs of customers during extenuating circumstances and I believe this will be my last time flying with American Airlines."
"Chicago to Milan return. Lost our luggage on both the outgoing and return flights. Not staying in a hotel made it very difficult to get by without clothing, toiletries, chargers, appliances, converters etc. Spent hours every day on the phone with the airline tracking our bags. Each day they assured us that we would receive them the following day. Actually received luggage on the 5th day out. 3 days before our scheduled return I requested a change for my husband as his father had become ill while we were away. Young girls at the American Airlines kiosk in Milan spoke very little English and could only tell us that \"all flights are full\" and there was no Manager to talk to. I had a broken seat on the return that did not recline. It didn't matter that our luggage was lost again on the return because we were home. What did matter was that after contacting American Airlines about our problems, they did not even respond until the 3rd letter and then told us that it is not their policy to give any compensation for lost luggage unless we had purchased approved items and had saved all receipts. Nothing was given to us outlining these rules."
"Arrived at RDU at 0430am on the 23rd for an 05.55 departure, and 11.30am arrival to BTV. The departure flight was cancelled due to a problem with the airplane. We were rerouted to Charlotte NC for a different flight to BTV that was supposed to arrive at 23:00 that day (12 hours later than my original flight), no compensation was offered. Departing Charlotte was no better, the flight left over 3 hours late and finally reached BTV at 02:30AM on the 24th. My wife and I spent a whopping 22 hours waiting around for this airline that day. If this is the way American Airlines runs on a regular basis, forget it."
"I only used American Airlines because they offered a direct flight from ORD to RDU when the others didn't. I checked through the website and saw that if I signed up for AAdvantage, I'd be allowed the first check-in baggage free. Imagine my anger when I checked in and was charged $25/bag. As I sat at the gate, I watched how other flyers had avoided the charge. Their too-large carry-ons were collected at the gate and checked-at no charge. No honest person would have thought these bags the correct size. After my arrival, I called customer service. It was a 40 minute wait. When I got through, the lady asked if I had the AAdvantage credit card. I said no. She said the baggage charges were correct, only cardholders are exempted baggage fees. This morning, I checked their website again and again. It is not easily followed. The credit card and the frequent flyer program use the same name. If you get the credit card, you are exempted the baggage fee. If you fly 20,000 miles in their program, you are exempted the baggage fee. It took plenty of clicks to piece this together. Later I discovered that the credit card requires a $3000 expenditure within its first 3 months before the flyer qualifies for the benefits."
"Houston to El Paso. I will never fly American Airlines again. They rescheduled my flight 3 times yesterday and assured me a flight out this morning that just got canceled and rescheduled for 2 days from now. We have driven to the airport 3 times now for canceled flights and I have missed a day of work. We have been forced to cancel and book with another airline (last minute flights are very expensive) so I can get back to work without missing another 2 days. I will drive 12 hours to get home to my family before ever flying American Airlines again."
"Killeen–Fort Hood to New York via Dallas Ft Worth. Horrible service, I will never fly this airline again. I was supposed to fly out on Dec 27th, but due to weather conditions, the airline kept pushing back the flight times. This is understandable, however the updates were coming sluggishly and unapologetically. After being in the airport since 12 for a 1.30 flight, at 4 I rebooked my flight for today at 5am. It took about 35 min for a very disgruntled worker to even attend to me while I was waiting to try and retrieve me already checked bag. At 4am I arrive at GRK, Killeen Airport and and told by the very rude, digruntled lady (from yesterday) that my 5am flight has been canceled and the next flight isn't until 12 midday. She was unapologetic and very rude. This airport predominately serves the Army community and it is sad that we are subjected to such treatment. Many of us are not afforded the opportunity to go on leave frequently or for lengthy amounts of time, so these delays are crucial. I think the service rendered by American Airlines is disheartening. I encourage anyone flying out of GRK to utilize any other carrier besides this one."
"My son left Lambert Airport in St. Louis to his destination in Co Springs on Dec 26, 2015. He is an active duty soldier. He had a layover in Dallas, where the weather was horrible and his flight was delayed a couple of times and then canceled. He and a handful of other soldiers were rushed from gate to gate trying to find another flight - all were eventually canceled. The actions made by American Airlines after that is unacceptable. They were informed there were no more flights out that night. At no time were they given a blanket, pillow, food, etc. They slept on the floor of the airport. The next morning Dec 27th (Sun) they were informed they would be flown to Arkansas where they would be able to get a flight to Co Springs. In Arkansas they were informed they were actually on standby and that they probably wouldn't be able to get a flight out until Tues. My son was also informed that his flight information was lost. They would have to take personal leave time for the time spent in the airport due to a situation out of their control. They then rented a car with their own money to drive to Co Springs. At no time did American Airlines offer to refund their ticket or pay for the rental car. They also did not offer alternative solutions to staying in an airport for three days! This behavior from American Airlines is disrespectful to our military."
"Diabolical from start to finish, although myself and my new partner had booked seats together we were sat apart on the outbound and inbound flight, the entertainment was unwatchable on way out as no earphones were offered and on way back it was in Spanish - although an English flight. The flight attendants refused to tell ignorant people in front to put their seats upright whilst my row tried to eat. The flight was delayed 2 hrs and gate changed twice, seats dreadfully uncomfortable. Will never fly American Airlines again."
"Dallas to Vancouver with American Airlines, and this is the worst airline ever. Its ridiculous how many times the flights are cancelled and they leave the customers in standby and they don't care where will they stay overnight or anything. If your flight is cancelled they can make you wait days for next flight. The service is horrible and for them pretty much they are doing you a favour rescheduling the flights they cancel. I would put no stars this airline doesn't even deserve one star."
"Lost luggage - usual lousy experience I've been flying American a lot, since unfortunately they are the only airline that will fly me from San Francisco to Montevideo. That may soon change, as I'd rather combine airlines than keep suffering the same infuriating treatment. The worst part of all is that AA has managed to once again leave one of my suitcases behind. Last time they misplaced my bag it turned up in Uruguay 4 days after I did. This time, it's two days and counting. But that's not it. My husband had requested a vegan meal ahead of time, and on the flight they let him know they did not have one. Service is horrible. They treat you as if you had no right to request even water. If you can, combine airlines, fly through Buenos Aires, or just stay home. If I ever receive my lost bag, I'll post and update."
"Memphis to Indianapolis via Charlotte. Terrible experience over Christmas Holiday weekend trying to get to wedding! Flight late and missed connecting flight stuck in Charlotte and customer service was worst of any company I have ever dealt with! Absolutely no help - couldn't find luggage, reps couldn't have cared less. I will never make the mistake of flying American again."
"This may have been the lousiest first class flight I've ever flown. Hubby and I boarded an overnight flight departing Los Angeles at 10:40 pm, scheduled to arrive in Tampa at 6:15 a.m. We didn't eat in the Admirals Club at LAX because we assumed we'd be served a meal, or at least a sandwich on the flight. We boarded the plane to find a substandard first class cabin. Carry-on bags barely fit into the overhead compartments. There was no lie-flat seating. There wasn't even a pillow! Seriously, on an overnight flight - no pillow in first class? Then we found out there was no food either! American cuts off food service at 10:00 pm, which is ridiculous. We'd just flown overnight with Hawaiian Air the previous night, and they served a full dinner after take-off at 1:30am. Yet American didn't even offer the traditional snack basket. We were doled out a handful of warm nuts, and a cookie. Plan on starving with American. Speaking of no bed and no food, the third \"no\" we encountered was no entertainment. During a 5-hour flight, they didn't even offer tablets. We were totally on our own. The flight attendant did inform us that, if we happened to bring our own tablet, we could purchase movies during the flight. I kid you not - in first class they want you to buy your own entertainment. Then the dingbat flight attendant failed to turn on the cabin lights for the first half hour of the flight, so we couldn't even read our own books. We sat in total darkness twiddling our thumbs. Summing up American Airlines first class cabin on a 5-hour overnight flight, there is: No lie-flat seat No pillow, No food, No snacks, No entertainment, Extended darkness. Apparently American thinks passengers should sleep on an overnight flight, since they provide barely more than a floor for us to ride on. Unfortunately they make sleeping impossible with miserably uncomfortable accommodations. Congratulations American Airlines. You win the grand prize for lousiest first class experience worldwide. The economy cabin at a dozen small airlines around the globe is light years better than your first class."
"Back at my hotel. American Airlines canceled my third connecting flight in two days (and the only flight they have to Hartford for the entire duration of Christmas Eve.) My father is driving a 12 hour round-trip from Connecticut to come pick me in Arlington, Virginia. Highlights of this morning include waiting at the airport until 15 minutes after the full flight was supposed to board when they told us all they were canceling the flight due to maintenance. Also having a American Airlines representative attempt to get belligerent with me when I leaned over to the person next to me in line and told him that he should ask for a voucher. Merry Christmas everybody."
"I used to travel US Airways for over a decade. The planes were most always on time within 30 minutes. It appears that since AA has acquired US airways, myself and my family have not had a flight that was not significantly delayed by several hours including missing connections resulting in several hours of delays. My last trip was delay 2 hours at take off and they told me to check on connecting flights at the next destination. They would not even tell me before takeoff if they could book me to my destination. They had to reroute me and I was 2+ hours late. You pay a premium price for a seat and a premium price for times to fly and when they mess up the flights , you do not get comped the cost difference. I paid for upgraded seats and was assigned center aisles or back of plane next to the washroom. On the return flight that was supposed to arrive at 8PM it arrived at past midnight. One of the reasons we were so late was I heard an attendant at the desk complaining they diverted our flight crew and pilot to another flight. The last several times my wife has flown the flights have been several hours late arriving at midnight instead of 9PM. As of Today 12/23 my daughter flying in from Boston with 1 layover is now delayed 3 hours+ and the plane she was supposed to catch at 5:30 just took off 3 hours late for the stopover in Huntsville Alabama before returning to CLT to become her ride that at Best is going to be getting her in 4 hours late. AA has made travel in and out of Augusta and Columbia areas a total nightmare."
"I would never like to fly on American Airlines again and would not recommend this airline. Ground staff gave me a real hard time because my name was too long and on the boarding pass etc. They told me some weird things (travel agent language) and they stopped me travelling. I had to go through so many people and hassle to keep moving. Honestly, we pay and buy the ticket and we do not enter any date on the system. If I buy the ticket from AA then it is their issue. In their case left hand doesn't know what is right hand doing."
"Bought a 1 way American Airlines flight for $108 to surprise my boyfriend on Christmas Eve. Decided that I wanted to get a earlier start in the day and wanted to change my flight. There is a lack of infomation on the site so I decided to call their customer service. They were backed up on calls so I put in my number in the automated system for me to hold my place in line and not have to stay on the phone. 20 mins later I get the call the machine said that its transfering me with a lost connection! I called again put myself on the list agian to speak with someone. 20 mins later someone calls to tell me that if i wanted to change my flight to earlier in the day that it will cost me $200! The earlier flight ticket is only $136! The woman told me that I would need to cancel my flight and eat $108 and buy the new ticket for $136. I am never giving you any more of my money so I will deal with the later flight. Never again American Airlines."
"What a terrible experience we had with this unresponsible airline. They cancelled our flight to Bogota when we were ready to go the airport, our original flight was 7 hours and this crazy people assigned us a flight leaving 2 days after our original day. We had to get really upset to get same day flight and traveling all around USA with our 2 kids. The worst part our baggages never came until - today is day number 3 of wearing same clothes. Hoping to get our suitcases today with the clothes and Christmas present. My advice is stay away from American Airlines. Pay a little more and have a nice vacation."
"American Airlines is the absolute worst airline I have ever flown. I am a 15 year old unaccompanied minor, not only were they unprofessional, they were rude, unhelpful and their flights have a habit of getting canceled. I am currently stuck in the Phoenix airport in route to Corning, New York because my connecting flight to Philly was canceled due to them being unable to find a pilot. When asked about flights I was told I had to wait until 2:45 pm today to get on a flight that is 12 hours past the time I was supposed to arrive in New York. I arrived in Phoenix from El Paso at 8 PM yesterday. It's 10 am and I've been here since I got here. They refused any hotel services and any food vouchers, my luggage is probably lost by now. I have been flying on my own for 3 years now and have never ever had a problem like this. When I asked for a Lounge they laughed at me and told me to go sleep in the lobby. Avoid this airline at all costs! Underage or not. The only thing you will get out of it is severe frustration. I am disgusted with my experience."
"This was our first time taking American Airlines. My fiancé and I were flying to Vietnam. At check in, we provided all of our necessary info and errors popped up with our flight. At first we thought it was due to our passports but the airline supervisor insisted it was their system. They just couldn't find us in the system even though we had our itinerary. She couldn't provide us a clear answer as to why we had errors in our flight. It didn't make sense since we were traveling with 4 other people going to the same destination and they went through check in just fine. We stood in line with the check in agent on the phone for 2 hours! Apparently she had to call every connecting flight we were taking. All the while she barely updated us on what was going on making us ask her for updates. All we received were $100 vouchers each for American Airline tickets that had to be used within the year. We had missed our flight and they had to rebook us for the following day. Note, our original tickets were purchased online and we paid extra money to be seated together. The rebooked tickets did not have any of our seats together! We asked the agent at the gate to please sit us together and she refused. She couldn't even try to move people around? We've taken other airlines where they happily moved people around so we could sit together and succeeded. I will never take American Airlines again! So they can keep their vouchers and their terrible service! If I could give the rating a zero, I would!"
"If you enjoy regularly missing your connecting flight and spending the entire day in the airport then American Airlines is for you. Never again. On top of this customer service is garbage. I could not care less if they offer food, drinks, wifi, etc. All I ask is arrive on time, for once! If they can't fulfill this simple expectation how do you think the rest of their service is? I'll tell you, not good. Do not book with American Airlines."
"Our family recently had a terrible experience with American Airlines. We had a last minute change in plans due to a terrible situation. We needed to change our Friday tickets to the next day (Saturday). The complete details of what occurred are too lengthy to include in this review, however while trying change our ticket over the phone we were quoted a price for the new ticket, after being on hold for 52 minutes (yes 52 minutes) the agent came back and told us while on hold the ticket price had gone up and she could not honor what she originally quoted. During this tragedy, American Airlines had multiple opportunities to extend a tiny of gesture goodwill, that would have cost them nothing but would have helped us tremendously. But no it was a total win/lose situation."
"We were flying to Punta Cana DR via a flight from Detroit MI to Philadelphia PA and then direct to Punta Cana. Plane sat at gate for 2 hours prior to leaving Detroit. Pilot showed up 10 minutes before flight time, as the plane had been delayed twice already. Started boarding and pilot said they had a bad switch and everyone got off. Since we were connecting with only 1 hour to spare, I asked for the desk at the gate to please contact Philadelphia and make sure they know we are delayed. I was told several times that there would be not issues on the connecting flight. When we arrived in Philadelphia at the departure gate with only 5 minutes to spare, we then found out that the \"direct flight\" to Punta Cana left 25 minutes early? How does an airline leave early when they still had 8 people to board the flight? We lost one entire day and night at the resort. I have flown American many times before with basically the same results over the last 20 years."
"Will not be flying American again if I can help it! I paid an upgrade thinking I could board first. It was a complete waste of money for the upgrade. Then can you believe they want to charge you deny where from $11 to $65 to get a decent seat on each flight! That is after you pay for your flight. Couldn't even manage to sit with the person I purchased a ticket with. Now you must also pay for food. And on and on all these hidden fees. And if you cancel your flight it's $200. Southwest gives you a credit for your next flight! Doesn't charge for seating or your first bag. So long American - Southwest from now on."
"On both our flights to Punta Cana and our return flight with American Airlines we experienced delays and food shortages on the plane - as in there was very little food stocked on the plane and it ran out completely before our seats were reached. Flying from or into Punta Cana, this means that we had many hours without food and with very little to drink as one is not allowed to pack anything to bring through TSA. To compound that when the Manchester flight was canceled due to fog we were left with no time to get any food either. The saving grace was that the flight attendants largely are very kind (save a few). I felt the booking procedure was deceptive as I did not know there would be additional charge for better seats when I purchased tickets. I will attempt to avoid this airline in the future."
"As a college student that was studying abroad in Buenos Aires, Argentina and it being time to go home I was nervous that something would happen on my American Airlines return journey as I was faced with a 14 hour delay on my way there. We board the plane in Buenos Aires and was delayed because of an ill passenger who turned out was drunk. And I was getting nervous because I had to go through passport control and customs and catch my connecting flight in Miami. After getting through customs in Miami I was told that I missed my connecting flight. The only way I could make it to my final destination that wasn't in the middle of the night was to take a train to the Ft. Lauderdale airport and catch a flight to Charlotte, N.C. that would connect me to Columbus, Ohio. I went to Ft. Lauderdale and got to the counter to check in my luggage and stood at the counter for 10 minutes and the people working there just ignored me by talking among themselves or playing on their computers causing me to miss the flight to Charlotte. Finally when someone paid attention to me they were very unapologetic and I demanded either a refund or to be put on a flight that connected with Columbus ASAP. They got me on a flight to Philadelphia that connected to Columbus and thankfully I those flights ran smoothly and on time. I sent an email to AA's customer service explaining to them why I will never be using American Airlines again. I will look into a different airline for international travel and use Southwest for domestic travel. The way they treat the people who pay money to fly on their planes is atrocious and I am surprised that they are still in business. Nobody deserves to be treated like how they treated me for something that was completely their fault."
"I was returning home from Phoenix to Long Beach this morning (8.45am flight) with American Airlines. I had priority boarding, and as I approached the flight attendant at the door, he said I would have to check my luggage because it wouldn’t fit in the overhead bin. I’m sure I had a puzzled look and was shaking my head with confusion because I was able to fit it on my previous fit in the same plane configuration. I didn’t argue with him or say a thing, but it didn’t seem right. I get to my seat, I paid an additional $25 for the extra room on an Exit aisle, and there’s a bag under the seat in front of me (where my carry-on should go). I thought maybe a previous passenger had mistakenly left it behind. So I waited until most everyone had taken their seat, and hit the Attendant light. I could see the attendant (the same one that made me check my bag) look from the front cabin to see where the light was on, and when he saw it was above me, he just rolled his eyes. Then, a couple of minutes, from behind me I hear a gruff and bothered female voice; “Do you need something?” I explained that there was a bag in front of me and that I was concerned that someone had left it by mistake. She said in the same, bothered and unfriendly voice, “That’s a crew member’s bag. Just leave it, it’s fine where it is.” During the entire time pre-flight and flight, I never saw her smile or say a pleasant thing to anyone in the main cabin. Instead of asking, “Would you like some orange juice or some coffee?”, it was “What do you want?” It’s as if we were bothering her and why did we have to be on her plane? Finally, as I was walking off the plane, the front cabin attendant was wishing those in front of me a good day, but when I walked up, he just looked at me with a dead expression. He didn’t acknowledge me at all. It’s been a while since I’ve flown AA, and I don’t remember having an unpleasant experience before. Based on this experience, from both crew members, I will avoid AA for any future flights. AA needs to do some people skills training, as there are other choices for travelers. PS – the attendants on my outbound flight were pleasant and helpful. This review is for the return flight only – but it’s left a much bigger, and negative impression on me."
"My family and I flew from Philly to Phoenix to Orange County with American Airlines. All our flights were on time and we made it safely to our destinations. That's the best I can say about our latest trip with this airline. The customer service and attention to the customers needs and comfort is non-existent. Their website is the worst for checking in, there is no onboard entertainment. On four different flights the wifi and entertainment site didn't work. The flight attendants and crew just go through the motions with minimal effort and care. This airline is on par with the service and comfort of a municipal bus service."
"Charleston to Boston via Washington with American Airlines. This is the worst airline I have ever flown with. Missed my first connecting flight due to fog over airport. Get re directed to another flight 2 hours later and get to the gate 10 mins before departure and little tough guy tells us that we are to late and missed our flight when I was looking at our airplane. Then ther redirect us to another flight an hour later. Board that plane and wait for another hour only to be told that plane is out of order to and to unload that plane and on to another. When I was supped to be in Boston at 12 noon I am writing this review at 4 o'clock and still not even on a plane to Boston. Worst customer service."
"Terrible service for the elderly. I purchased a ticket for my Mother to fly from Pittsburgh to Columbia with a stop in Charlotte. This was a 90th birthday surprise party for her. When she arrived at the gate escorted by my niece, she was informed that she could not carry on her luggage. This was because no American Airlines employee would be willing to lift her carry on case to the overhead bin. Her carry on case was within the size required for carry on, however, would not fit under the seat. My 90 year old mother is unable to lift items above her head. My niece was not permitted to enter the cabin of the aircraft to lift the carry on for her. My mother takes a variety on medications and could not risk the chance of losing her luggage in the stowed compartment of the aircraft. After extreme anxiety, my niece was able to purchase a $100 piece of luggage that would fit under the seat and would hold all of her things. Her case was not heavy or even filled. I contacted American Airlines customer service. After a month, American Airlines gave her a $50 flight coupon for her inconvenience. What a joke! My Mother was so shook up and was unable to enjoy her travel and her stay with us. Elderly people cannot deal with this type of issue. I do not recommend American Airlines for anyone that may require assistance of any type. American Airlines does not care about it's customers or their welfare."
"I fly a lot through out the year but I have to say American Airlines has the worst customer service I have ever seen. I fly first class and have never had the worst service and attitudes I had on this flight, plus the plane left 45 mins late and made us miss our connecting flight which I was at the gate 5 mins before departure and they already left. Customer service was horrible and they gave me a $24 meal voucher for the inconvenience! American you need to fly different airlines and take note of customer service from all ends."
"Denver to London via Chicago with American Airlines. Our flight from Denver to Chicago was delayed due to weather. That's understandable. The delay caused us to miss our originally scheduled flight from Chicago to London, so I waited in line at the gate counter to re-book on a later flight from Chicago to London that we'd be able to make, based on the delay. Several of us on the flight were attempting to connect to London, and the later flight was filling up fast. Luckily I was near the front of the line. And then the gate agent upped and disappeared on us. Just walked away without saying anything to the person at the front of the queue. We thought we'd gone to the restroom or something and would be back. No - gone. The other agent didn't appear to notice or care when we pointed out this ridiculous behavior. After queuing back up at the end of the other line and finally getting some service, the later flight was full, of course. Delayed our vacation by a day and a half. No compensation. The flights themselves were OK, once we were actually on some flights. But I'll pay more to avoid American in the future. Too many awful customer service experiences with them."
"In 40 years I have never had an experience with any airline as negative as I had with American Airlines. Had to fly out on the first flight of the day so I could drive a moving truck to the location where it was to be packed. Stayed in a hotel the night before my flight to make sure I would be there on time. Woke up at 4 am and got to the airport by 5 am. Flight boarded at 6 and they kept us sitting on the runway for 2 and a half hours with no explanation or eta. Flight attendants were extremely rude, telling customers to be quiet and to stop asking questions. Ended up paying the moving crew for three hours to sit around, paid for a hotel the night before my flight and had to stay an additional night in a hotel because it was too late to complete the drive on the anticipated day. Contacted corporate and was given an insincere apology. Not sure I'd fly American in the future and did not expect them to compensate me for the money wasted but a travel voucher is the least they could have done. My guess is that this is business as usual for them."
"Miami to St. Kitts on American Airlines. All was great until we all were boarded and soon found out we were waiting for a few individuals to board. We then found out we were delayed on runway for weather. Then the next announcement said if we didn't leave at a certain time we would be brought back to the gate due to the pilots being over their hours. We eventually made it back to the gate, the announcement was they were trying to find a back up crew to fly us out then we found out we had a crew but then the airport was shutdown at our final destination. We all got off plane and were specifically told our flight was cancelled and to see the rebooting station for a hotel voucher and food voucher. The food and hotel voucher was a no go as they \"delayed\" our flight and forced us all to stay in the airport with not a thing but a rocking chair and airport seats. The airport completely shut down leaving 200+ individuals stranded with no food/drink etc. Never was an attempt to let anyone know what was going on or our next step. The customer service is the worst I have seen and you just lost at least if not more 6 customers who will never use your services again."
"Louisville to Miami via Charlotte on American Airlines. The plane had a fuel pump issue, it was an hour late at take off. When I asked one of the flight attentants how long it would take to reach Charlotte, she rudely asked what did they say during the announcement. I replied that I had hearing issues and did not recall. I felt that this was an inappropriate response to a person with a handicap. For the sake of the airline and the other people traveling with this flight attentant I hope her demeanor and behavior is corrected."
"We had a 5:15am American Airlines flight from Pittsburgh to San Juan via Philadelphia. We checked the flight status at 3:00 am and again upon arrival at airport at 3:45AM. Airport boards stated \"on-time\". Since it was taking an inordinate amount of time for the agent to check baggage (10 minutes) we asked why. She stated the flight was cancelled and she was attempting to re-book. (We later learned the flight was actually cancelled much earlier the preceding evening, but no notification from American Airlines.) The only option offered would arrive assuming an on-time arrival with insufficient time to arrive at the port before our cruise departed. While waiting for the AA agent, we found a Southwest flight that would arrive in San Juan much earlier. The Agent refused to re-book on Southwest stating the American Airlines does not use Southwest for re-booking. We went down the hall to the Southwest counter and were able to get on the Southwest flights at our own considerable expense (a great flight experience). Our return trip via American Airlines was also cancelled, but the San Juan agent was able to re-book on United. We have now been attempting for over a month, to get a refund for our cancelled outbound trip with no success. Although the customer service representatives are very pleasant and seem to understand the situation, they apparently are unable to get our refund request approved. Unfortunately it appears that American Airlines has adopted USAirways tradition for uncaring service and lack of respect for their passengers. We will never book on AA again."
"My American Airlines flight from London to NYC was suddenly delayed by a few hours and I only received the notification at the counter when I arrived at the airport. While I checked in online beforehand already and American Airlines had my contact details. The lady responded as it was the most common thing! Yesterday I was not able to go on my AA 0106 flight as I was 2 minutes late to get my label for my check in luggage at the automated machine. I ran around and all staff refused to assist me. The traffic took more than 3 times longer to arrive at the airport so I already felt stressed due to that - thanks for deserting me. What I'm furious about is the the flight left 1 hour and 35 minutes later. Rebooking the ticket was not possible and I had to contact the agency. Worst experience and no customer service at all."
"Atlanta to Albuquerque via Phoenix. I was supposed to board my connecting American Airlines flight at midnight to Albuquerque. Just 20 min before boarding the flight was cancelled not due to technical snag nor bad weather. I was taken by surprise to hear that their crew member hasn't turned for duty. I was told to take a connecting flight to Dallas, with a first class upgrade which again turned out to be a second class ticket. The airline service was disgusting. It was a bad thanksgiving vacation."
"I flew American Airlines from Charleston, SC to Hartford, CT with a connection in Washington D.C. Once I arrived in DC we were told the plane would be delayed 2 hours (originally supposed to leave at 10:10pm) to 12:01am due to maintenance problems with our plane coming from Portland, ME. Once the plane arrived at 11:45 they rushed us all onboard and then sat there for 40 minutes on the tarmac. Finally the captain came on and said due to more \"maintenance issues\" (but never specified) that they were \"trying to decide\" what to do - either switch us to a whole other plane or call to repair it. After about another 40 minutes of sitting a few of us starting to receive emails that the flight had been canceled all together. It is sad how Orbitz sent me an email quicker than they could tell me! After a 2 hour delay and 1.5 hours on the plane they finally canceled. But it gets better! With 70 of us and 1 woman at the service desk (who was very nice and trying her best!) we were told the only options were to wait until 11pm the next day (almost a full 24 hours) for a direct flight or take a flight to Chicago and have a 6 hour layover until Hartford. Due to myself being a clinician I could not afford to miss that much time, so I ended up taking a flight to White Plains, NY and drove myself to Hartford with a rented car! I wouldn't say I'm a frequent flyer, but I do fly a few times a year, and coincidently this was my first time flying American and also my worst experience ever! The flight crew had a \"don't care\" attitude and were not accommodating at all. The gentlemen next to me, after being on the plane for an hour, asked for some water to which she replied \"I'll have to ask the captain, but I can't be getting everyone beverages\" - surprise he never got the water, and when the captain came on the first time he said \"Sorry everyone for the slight delay in getting you out.\" 3 hours isn't a slight delay! I can understand trying to be humorous but at 1 in the morning when we all have lives to get back to it came off as just crude! I get that everyone, especially the crew, is tired. But it is times like that where the customers need some extra care and accommodation - every little thing helps! In the future I will try everything in my power not to fly American Airlines!"
"Atlanta to Puerto Plate via Miami. I went to buy tickets online and I thought twice about flying with American Airlines because every time I've flown them the experience has been dreadful. Flight delays, cancellations, horrible customer service. Besides my good judgement, I purchased 5 tickets with them. Almost immediately I realized I had made the purchase in error and called to get a refund, which I'm entitled to. I was put on hold forever, disconnected multiple times and told there would be no refund. They must be desperate for money if they have to act contrary to other airlines."
"I have never had such a bad experience on a plane in my life. I was coming back to Atlanta from the Bahamas with American Airlines but I had a connecting flight through Miami. Getting onto the plane they made me check my carry-on because they had reached capacity (even though I was in the second group). I was hesitant doing so but I did as they asked. When we landed I waited for an hour and half in baggage claim before they told me where it was. They had left the bag in Miami because the plane was too heavy and couldn't carry anymore bags. (They didn't even tell me they were doing this.) The worst part was that I was going to the Auburn Alabama game in the morning and my ticket was in that bag so I had to miss the game. Also the rest of my family's bags were scuffed, one of the bags had the zipper ripped off and the pocket in the front ripped off as well. They asked if American Airlines would fix it or replace it and they refused to do either. The fact that I am actually taking the time to write this review is how angry I am. I will never fly this airline again."
"Very expensive to fly with American Airlines. We purchased our tickets in errror on line and they would not reimburse once they have your money. When they mess up too bad the customer pays and they say they are not responsible for any additional costs incurred. Their plane had problems which delayed our take off for four hours. The terminal staff were rude and arrogant. Their problems caused us to miss our connecting flight and our hotel transfer. We had to pay to regain both and they are not willing to reimburse because it is not there problem. They said they would send me a voucher to travel with them again, but after reading the reviews from others, I don't think flying with American Airlines will be happening again"
"American Airlines always disappoints. Every time I flew with them my flight either gets cancelled or delayed. Last time I flew my flight got cancelled leaving La Guardia, NY at around 3pm because it was raining and they only booked another flight the next day out of Newark which miles away (in NJ)! Not to mention that it stopped raining about an hour later. Today my flight got delayed for an hour because of a \"maintenance issue\". I am yet to see a flight with this airline that does not give me any issues or headaches. Such a disappointing and non-reliable service. If I could give a negative rating on this website I definitely would."
"Was due to fly to JFK with AA today but flight got cancelled after much misinformation given out by AA staff what ensued after the cancellation announcement was beyond shambolic with the staff employed by this pitiful excuse of an airline doing a runner and not one member of staff to be found on the abandoned \"customer service\" desks, every other airline in Terminal 3 had a desk open but not AA, trying to get through to the number given out by the staff in the departure lounge was impossible and in the end it was helpful staff at the British Airways section who managed to get some information for passengers. The contempt that AA obviously has for its customers was quite an eye opener with not one ounce of customer service or care given at all, many of the passengers were Americans trying to get home to family for Thanksgiving. Whilst we all understand mechanical issues have to be dealt with and safety being paramount, you also need to have some level of empathy and a duty of care for your customers and there was a way AA could have dealt with a cancelled flight but they failed big time. Also listening to staff whispering and discussing ongoing maintenance issues with this aircraft does not instill confidence. I will not give this airline another chance. Never again."
"I contacted American Airlines to upgrade to business. Agent told me I would have to purchase 5000 miles which I did. She gave me a record locator number and seats. When I got to airport I was told I would need 600 dollars more, that I didn't have enough miles, and had to re issue coach ticket. When I returned to the US I contacted American Airlines to refund purchased miles and was told by a very rude condescending person that it would not be refunded. I am canceling my American Airlines credit card and will never fly with them again. BewAre of agents that tell you to get you to purchase non Refundable miles."
"My trip started off a little rocky. Understandably, my flight was originally delayed two hours due to a passenger being sick. From there, bad weather caused my flight to be detoured and grounded in Kansas for 1+ hours before resuming the flight to Texas. During this entire flight time, we were only served drinks once (at the very beginning of the flight), and the flight was short on food due to the previous delay due to sickness. Therefore us passengers went 7+ hours with only one beverage service, and no available food. When we landed, we were all scrambling to reach our connecting delayed flights, if they hadn't been cancelled at that point yet. Luckily, I reached my gate in time, waited an hour, before realizing people were slowly disappearing even though there had been no announcement stating my flight had been cancelled (this was at 12AM). After inquiring if my flight was in fact cancelled, I was also told that every single flight to my destination was booked the next day with no openings on any flights for over a day. Desperate, I asked how I could get closer to my destination. I was put on standby for a 1:30AM flight out, and told I could take a 2 hour bus ride to my destination in the morning. Once again, upon landing at 2:30 in the morning, we were left unable to unload for one hour because flights were backed up. I get that weather happens, but the customer service to this point was terrible, and we never once receiving anything to drink. Once when I landed, I figured I should find out where my bus would be leaving from before finding a spot on the floor to close my eyes for a few hours. I was told by an airport worker I was in the right location, so I stopped my search and found my place on the floor. Waking up an hour and fifteen minutes early, just to be sure I wasn't given the wrong information, I began questioning where this bus would exactly turn up. After talking to 5 different people and being told 5 different places I should go to catch my bus, an American Airlines employee sent me all the way across the airport to a place where my bus was not taking off from, and no one could answer any of my questions. So, I returned to American Airlines, and finally my patience was spent. I explained my story, showed them my tickets, and the employee replied that in the ten years that they had worked there, they had never seen this bus ticket option before. Then after spending ten minutes making phone calls, they realized this bus service had in fact been around for 2 years. Never once did I receive an apology for being sent all around the airport, when this could've been solved by admitting they were unsure where this bus left from and making a phone call to find out the answer. I then had a 4 hour layover at the airport, before finally boarding a bus to my final destination. Arriving 17 hours later than I should have. I understand that we can't control the weather, and things happen. My issue with this experience was the awful customer service. I would have difficultly recommending flying with American Airlines due to my experience."
"First class cabin was dark and dingy, the seat was stained and scratched, had been very poorly cleaned and the carpet smelt. Welcome drink was served in a plastic cup. Catering was truly insulting, comprising some warm nuts followed by a bowl containing 4 small pieces of processed cheese and 2 crackers. Cabin crew were friendly enough. AA, you should be truly ashamed."
"In Orlando my plane had mechanical problems so we were over an hour late leaving, which then made me miss my connecting flight. This happens and I understand that. However, the way I was treated in Philly was inexcusable and the compensation was worse! First after missing my connecting flight I was told to go to Customer Service, which was a very long walk. Then there was a line with over 100 people in it, so I had to stand in line for well over 90 minutes, late at night. By 11pm, I was given a ticket for the next morning flight, no apology and no hotel. I was supposed to sleep in the airport. They would not even help me find a hotel, they gave me a phone number, in which I had to walk to a second customer service desk to use their phone and they couldn't even tell me a hotel close by to use. I called the phone number for hotels, but the quota for airline hotels was booked up by this time and I was left on my own to find a hotel, book it and pay for it. I have a disability, and I asked for a cart to help me through the airport, I was denied. The ticket girl, told me it wasn't that far to walk. Yes, it was! I ended up googling hotel, found one close by and got my own transportation to it. Caught my flight the next morning. When I called Customer Service and complained they reimbursed me less than half the cost of my hotel and gave me reward points that are useless."
"I paid extra to have a short flight due to traveling international with a 2 month old infant. I arrived at the airport 2.5 hours before. They insisted I do self check which didn't work. The next attendant couldn't help so they took me to another after 1.25 hour of check in. The security took over an hour as well and I arrived 10 minutes before departure but they had closed the gate! The attendant was very rude and said my only option was to stay the night or leave on a later flight 13 hours later and travel all night, she did not seem to care at all that I had an infant. A different individual \"magically\" found me a flight 2 hours later and she seemed annoyed. I ended up having an 11 hour overlay with an infant when I was originally supposed to have a 2.5 hour overlay and paid $400 extra. They weren't supposed to check my bag, it was supposed to be Gate check with my stroller and carseat, but they ended up checking it at my first flight so I was without baby cloths, diapers, and formula. When I talked to a flight manager he said there was nothing they could do and didn't seem to care I had a screaming infant."
"Chicago to Manhattan Regional. My experience with American Airlines was tumultuous and stressful. After a long 4 hour delay, the airline decided to give up on any further attempts of getting us to our desired destinations. The error that occurred was not because of the weather, but ill-preparation from the flight crew. We were not accommodated in any way after the delay and cancellation, causing a loss of money. Our purchase or game tickets, hotel stays, rental cars, and even keeping our dog in a kennel at home became a huge waste of money, and all we got from the company was a simple, \"sorry.\" Would not recommend this impolite and disrespectful airline."
"Having flown all over the country and flown all over the world, I have a bit of an idea of what a quality flying experience is, as well as what a bad experience is. My wife and our two toddlers had to get a flight out of San Diego to Salt Lake City via Los Angeles. She got to the airport with plenty of time, but being a Friday evening, the airport was packed. She went to check in at the kiosk, but it denied her and she had to wait in a long line to see a rep. Finally, she got to the front of the line, only to be told that she needed to go wait in another line because the counter she waited for was being closed. With two toddlers, who, thank the lord, were very well-behaved, a carry-on suitcase, and a stroller, she had to get into another line to wait all over again. By this time, her departure was getting close and she had not even gotten her ticket due to the kiosk denying her (for whatever reason) and being sent to wait again in another line. When she finally got to the ticket counter (again) the female rep told my wife that it was a waste of time to print her ticket as my wife and kids would surely miss the flight. There was still time to make the flight, but the time was running out quickly. Having no sense of courtesy, the rep began to close down her counter and handed out cards with a phone number that people would have to call to have their tickets printed. I have never seen or heard of that before. After more time was wasted at the counter, my wife began to panic, and while trying to keep my two toddlers calm, she finally convinced the rep to print her ticket. My wife rushed through security (of course having her hands inspected for whatever residue the TSA looks for), and got to the gate. The airplane was still docked, but the door was closed, thus she was denied boarding. My wife went around to a few different American Airlines desks to figure out what she could do and wasn't helped at all, rather, she was greeted with agitation, not sympathy or civility. Eventually, Alaska Airlines allowed her onto their next flight free of charge, which was a direct flight, and she made it home. However, she had to wait another several hours in the San Diego terminal with two toddlers to get onto that flight. American Airlines and their reps made my wife and two young kids miss their flight and couldn't care less. Alaska Airlines solved our crisis and didn't even charge us. Now I have my first airline credit card and it is from Alaska Airlines, as I refuse to fly with any other national airline anymore."
"I used to like American Airlines overall, but vowed to never fly US Airways after 100% horrible experiences. The merger now has the American name and logo but the US Airways utter contempt of its customers. I had gotten tied up with horrible security lines and despite checking in from home, arriving an hour early, I got to the gate at 8 minutes till. So the plane is there just sitting. No break for me. I go to customer service. The first agent said she would reroute me through Dallas but the plane was full, so I got a standby for 11hours later. I looked online and saw there were seats for another flight through Chicago and went back to request that, only arriving 3 hours late. This bored agent (not harried, there order for agents and me) said that their policy now was to when we re route through the same exact points so I was stuck on the next direct flight and could not be rerouted. But either way one of them was lying through to me. The 2nd agent refused to fly me on the much more convenient flight she just said deadpan, \"welcome to the new American Airlines.\" At least I am making my flight on the much later one on a rickety old US Airways plane which are prone to frequent breakdowns, which is why I refused to fly them before. 4-6 hour delays were too common. I can always hope for a upgrade to first class, however on these planes, the first class on domestic flights is like 1985 economy deluxe. The whole experience of having to sit in an airport simply because the agents refused to help reminds me of why I could never fly US Airways. It looks like I will have to abandon American Airlines as well in favor of someone cares about its customers. At least a little bit."
"American Airlines is the absolute worst, an old Boeing 737 took us from Los Angeles to Miami, and in between anyone accustomed to this route knows the type of turbulence. The issue here is not the turbulence, but the fact an old plane was chosen for this route. The flight attendants have an 'I couldn't care less' attitude, and are so badly dressed. It baffles me that they don't have complimentary meals on a 5 hour long flight. The seat was really uncomfortable, and the leg room was not pleasing. After having a 10 hour flight from Fiji to LA, and an 11 hour long transit, I was expecting this airline to be nice and comfortable so I can sleep, but I couldn't. I will avoid this airline at all costs in future."
"I have flown American Airlines at least 5 times this year, not one of the 5 times has anything gone smoothly, from delayed flights due to planes not being available, planes breaking down on runways, switching planes and gates multiple times, and the list goes on. The staff is flat out rude, every single time I have a question it is responded with a condescending answer. By far the worst airline I have ever flown and this includes American eagle. If this is any indication of how irate I have become with them, I have never written a review online for any business no matter how bad the customer service was. I recommend you choose any other airline besides American or consider driving. With all the delays you will undoubtedly incure you may make better time driving."
"This is the first and last time I book a flight with American Airlines. The pilot for the 6am flight was a no show, which resulted in a late departure to Philadelphia where I needed to connect to get to Syracuse. They made me miss my connecting flight to Syracuse. They provided me with a rescheduled ticket for 2pm to make up for it. They wait until 2pm to tell me that I had a standby ticket meaning that I was not guaranteed a seat. It's 12 hours later and I'm currently and still at the airport because of this standby! Never again will I invest in disorganization and lack of good quality service."
"Decided to fly with American Airlines for a return trip from Houston to Phoenix. This was a colossal mistake! We arrived at the airport 2hrs before our flight and almost didn't make it. We tried checking in at the American kiosk but were told we had to see a representative because we were travelling with a small dog. We got in line for a rep and waited while several angry customers ahead of us were seen to. Got to the front of the line and were told that we could not be helped and had to stand in another line for a different rep that could check our little dog in. We did this and finally 30 mins later were at the front of that line when the rep closed his station! He directed us to another line where we waited and started to fret because it was getting near to our flight time. Got to the front of that line and the sloth like rep told us our gate had closed. We asked what our options were and were told it was not her problem! My husband ran and tracked down an AA manager. He proceeded to read us the riot act about being late before even hearing our side of the story. Fortunately some other travellers who were going through similar scenarios stood up for us and told the AA manager that we had indeed been on time and had spent over 1.5hrs in the check in line. The manager decided to help us after explaining AA was in no way responsible for any of our trouble. He got us to our gate just before the plane door closed. We had paid for an upgraded seat but lost that with no compensation and not even an apology. Our luggage did not make our flight and we were told in Phoenix it would cost us to have it delivered to where we were staying! We received similar treatment on our trip home but had allowed 2 extra hours at the airport so made our flight! I have never seen so many angry disgruntled travelers on an airline and I travel a lot. Nor have I seen so many rude, incompetent employees. I would ride my bike to a destination before I would ever take another American Airlines flight!"
"Complete distain for their customers. Although American Airlines tout in their Customer Service Plan \"We are in business to provide safe, dependable, and friendly air transportation to our customers, along with numerous related services, in the hopes that you will fly us again and again.\" My wife and I found the reverse opposite to be true when traveling out of both Houston and Phoenix this weekend. The ticket agents were all (six people that we worked with anyway) poorly informed of the airline process and procedure, stunningly rude and belligerent. It boggles my mind that this airline is still in business, I guess size trumps quality for American's ridership. I however, will never again purchase a ticket with American Airlines."
"Dallas Fort Worth to Wichita Falls flight AA3339 was delayed due to weather. However, minimal efforts were provided to comfort the passengers. Cots and blankets were piled in one area, first come first serve. No compensation was provided (i.e. food vouchers, coupons for future flights, water). No one offered to dim the lights. No efforts were made to silence or turn off the televisions. I asked one of the attendants for something as little as ear foam plugs but none were provided. On top of all of that, there was a fire alarm test of the building that lasted approximately 20 minutes at 4am. Attendants refused to provide the customer's baggage to leave the airport to seek lodging elsewhere and/or procure other transportation to their destination. Customer satisfaction reached a new level of low. Flight attendants all departed from the airport after cots and blankets were distributed. It seemed like the attendants said, \"It's not my problem anymore\". It is understandable that decisions were made from the bosses in the top, however it is the attendant's responsibility to try to provide maximum comfort to the passengers whenever possible. The little things really do matter!"
"Don't volunteer to give up your seat unless you are prepared for significant hassle. They asked for volunteers, I asked when the next flight was, they told me it was an hour later. I stood at the counter for about 45 minutes while they tried to figure out how to do this. By then, my original flight had departed. It was then that I was told the next flight was seven hours later. Upon arriving I told the reps at the American Airlines baggage claim desk that I had moved to a later flight. They told me that my luggage had been transferred to the new flight and should be at the baggage claim. I watched the baggage belt go round and round for forty five minutes before asking a different rep, who said my bag had come through on my original flight. He got it in five minutes. Overall, a colossal waste of time trying to do something nice. It's just business to them. They do not care."
"Dallas to Quito via Miami. What was supposed to be a routine departure from Dallas at 5am with an arrival at Quito at 2pm (via quick stopover in Miami) turned into a 24 hour shocking debacle all due to the unprofessional couldn't give a hoot attitude of ground staff. We cleared security at 4.15 and checked on the board that we were still for Gate C22 . The board confirmed Gate C22 and we proceeded directly there. At 4.40 an announcement was made that the gate had changed to A39 - two terminals away. By the time we got there (with quite a few others) they had closed the boarding! They blamed it on us for not checking the board 60 minutes before departure. On telling them we checked 45 minutes before departure they said they had no control over the board and that we should have googled \"something\" to check on the Gate! Her attitude was belligerent, demeaning and in my opinion she should not have that job. We were put on a later flight that missed our connection. On arrival in Miami, we asked for hotel accommodation, or at least meal/beverage tickets for our 8 hour delay but were told they only did that for \"mechanical \" delays and not for people that missed their flights, again putting the blame on us. The attitude and belligerence of this staff member was on a par with her Dallas counterpart. She told us our baggage had proceeded on the flight we missed - so much for security - and she promised it would be on our flight to Quito that evening. I did not trust her advice and later asked another staff member. He said they could not tell where the baggage was but that it would be on our evening flight (so one of them was lying). Anyway, we finally got to Quito to spend another 90 minutes waiting and then complaining that our luggage had not arrived. The queue at the lost baggage desk was unbelievable ~ all with similar stories. They promised we would get the luggage today - but it is still in Miami! Woeful, incompetent, unprofessional and rude ground staff all with belligerent attitudes. We will never fly with American Airlines again."
"What's the point of flying first class on American Airlines if they limit your access to the lounge at terminal 8 at New York JFK. The lounge attentent said it was too short a flight to allow access to the first class lounge. These types of policies are the reason I switched from this airline years ago. Even though the flight has been delayed for 2 hours, they still won't give access. Don't fly this airline, I won't ever again!"
"My wife booked a flight to South Korea with one layover each way. American Airlines took it upon themselves to change her return flight schedule and add one more layover to her schedule which had a 57 minute window. When she got to her first connecting flight she was told that her flight was delayed which only allowed for 17 minutes to get her second connection which she will obviously miss. American Airlines was kind enough to make her wait all night in Chicago and fly her out at 7:15am, 10 hours later. This is the second time in a row this airline has done this. I will never fly with this company again. I don't care if I have to pay 500 dollars extra. If you buy a certain flight schedule they should have to honor your purchase. I wouldn't have booked this flight if I had known they could do this. They were absolutely no help resolving this issue."
"American Airlines must be one of the worst airlines in the world. We flew from London Heathrow to Dallas to be told our next flight to Lima was cancelled, and we were rebooked on to another flight via Los Angeles to Lima leaving 20 hours later. Also we were told the delay was due to the weather and there would be no food or drink vouchers. Between Heathrow and Lima via Dallas and LAX one of our bags went missing, due to American Airlines transferring us to another airline. They took no responsibility for the loss, even though both bags were checked in with American Airlines. Out of seven flights we took on this 12 day holiday, 5 were with American Airlines and all had delays for different reasons, totalling 27 hours. All staff were totally unhelpful and at worst they were very rude. Anybody reading this and thinking of using American Airlines, do yourself a favour and use any other company - it will save you yourself a whole lot of stress."
"American Airlines was not a pleasant experience. It was my first and more than likely will be my last time using them. I was suppose to fly from Milwaukee to Dallas to Austin. Due to fog, we had to land in San Antonio. I can understand weather delays and the fact that it is out of the employees control. I did not appreciate however having to sit on the tarmac in San Antonio, TX for 2 plus hours. Furthermore, we were not offered any potential deal, whereas I needed to get to Austin which was closer to San Antonio. Only the people with the final destination as San Antonio were able to deplane. I could have taken a rental car to get to Austin, as it was closer to San Antonio. Instead, we had to wait 2 plus hours, fly back to Dallas and deal with it. After getting back to Dallas finally, they had only 2 concierce working a 75 plus person line. What was even more irritating was someone came down the line handing out a customer service number and basically said, this is what you will need to do. I called, was put on hold for 10 minutes and then hung up on. I called again, at which time they were able to get me on a 4:59 pm flight out of Dallas to Austin. Shocker, that flight was delayed until 6:59 p.m. and once on the runway was delayed another 20 minutes. Not once did someone say, sorry about your delay, not once was I offered an airport meal/beverage. I do not expect anyone to comp airfare, but the attitude displayed throughout the day was \"deal with it\" more or less. I will put my name to it though, as I am not one to say something and remain anonymous."
"My American Airlines flight, together with 5 others, was cancelled due to pilots not turning up for work. Flight was due to leave 6.30 pm, I was finally in the hotel 12.30 am at the other end of Miami. Staff did not know what they were doing, it was general misinformation and chaos. I was put up for the night in average suburban Marriott (Fairfield Inn) while I had a nice hotel by the sea booked in Provo, which I had to pay for anyway. I had also pre-booked the following day's return flight to Grand Turk. When I asked customer relations at AA where to send invoices for refund on the Grand Turk flight and difference in the cost of the hotel, they refused, saying \"we have made a decision not to assume financial responsibility in situations we are unable to control\". They reassured me while re-booking me that it will not be a problem to get a refund by contacting Customer Relations. So they were lying bluntly!"
"Mistakes are understandable but this experience was beyond stressful. We usually pay more to fly on another airline because American is known for poor communication and organization. Huge mistake trying American again! We are still sitting in the airport for our flight, over 5 hours late. The worst part about it is that if it weren't for other passengers no one would have known about the delays. The women at the gate literally argued that there were no delays with people who had waited hours with no update. Leaving over 100 people scattering to change their connecting flights. The most inconsiderate airline I have ever experienced. It was this horrible 5 years ago and it has only gotten worse! Do not waste your money on an airline that does not take care of their patrons. The terrible customer service and communication ruins the experience for the whole family."
"I found American Airlines service disgusting. I booked a returned flight to Brasil from London Heathrow via Miami, and American Airlines was the worse I have seen. I normally use BA and Virgin as well as TAM. The AA flight attendants were rude, without manners and extremely unprofessional. They managed to lose my luggage and no one can give a proper and clear answer! The cheaper option of American Airlines became expensive to me now. I wouldn't recommend this company to anyone!"
"I was disappointed with the outgoing 3-hour delay on American Airlines, but stunned with the overnight delay on the return. They offered no apology, vouchers for hotels, meals, a cab, and even said at the airport that we had to call reservations on our cell phones to rearrange connecting flights for the next day. As a teacher with a job I cannot miss, this was extremely inconvenient. No explanations were offered about the delay, except that the plane was arriving late from it's last location. The announcements of delays were very late, right around the 4pm scheduled departure time, well after they were informed of a delay (2:30pm, according to the national reservation office). This left no time to find alternative flights for the same day. I had to spend an hour in the lobby calling the national reservation office multiple times to check on flights from neighboring airports, even Dulles and Reagan International, several hours away, but there was no time (or vouchers for transportation) to get there. Delays overnight are inexcusable by a major airline, particularly when there is no snow or other obvious impeding weather."
"Boston to Aruba via Miami. The worst travelling experience ever! The plane from Boston to Miami was extremely old and very dirty, and it doesn't even have personal TVs except the ancient TVs hanging from the ceiling, which are totally obsolete! The seats were so uncomfortable. The seat across from me was torn and ripped. Horrible customer service. The flight attendants were rude and looked half asleep. The flight attendant rolled her eyes at me when I asked where the bathrooms were - rolled her eyes, pointed and said nothing. The bathrooms were dirty and toilets wouldn't even flush. The flight from Miami to Aruba was the same. A very old plane, horrible service and horrible food. The whole experience was miserable and I will never fly American again."
"I have been an American Airlines frequent flyer for many, many years. I don’t fly the airline nearly as much now that we have moved to Hilton Head Island, since connections from Savannah are not in general as good as for other airlines to the destinations to which we fly. Recently my wife and I took a cruise from Barcelona to Lisbon on Oceania Cruise lines on which, as part of the package, they booked us on AA for outbound flights from Savannah to Philadelphia to Barcelona. As soon as I knew our flights, I went online to select seats, and the only ones we could get were the two center seats of the middle section (seat configuration 2-4-2). As my wife really likes window seats for transatlantic flights, I attempted to change seats at the check-in desk in Philadelphia. We were then able to get the G and H (side aisle and window) seats in row 35, the last economy row aft in the airplane. That is usually fine with us - quiet and a little more room. We flew those seats on Qantas for 14 hours to New Zealand. I sat in the aisle seat. I am 5’6” tall, 148 pounds. Even at my relatively small size, my seat was so narrow that it was impossible for me for to keep my left elbow inside the seat rest, especially during sleep. Since AA continues to pack seats in the plane, even at the back where the width of the fuselage tapers (where I was sitting), the width of the aisle was only barely wide enough to let the service cart through. Seriously, it is beyond belief that AA would just cram extra seats in the back and make people uncomfortable just to make a few extra dollars. As a result, my left elbow was hit almost every time the service cart went by, for the entire flight. So, while trying to sleep, I was bumped awake all night for every transit of the flight attendant and the cart. In addition, our flight attendant was stressed, terse, harried, and rude, from the very first interaction, indicating a lack of either appropriate personnel selection or inadequate training. American Airlines in-flight meal was at best mediocre, and their free alcohol selection abysmal – they offered only beer, or cardboard-boxed wine, far below the selections of other transatlantic airlines, even those that are US-based. We flew Air France home from Lisbon through Paris to Atlanta, and then on to Savannah. Our transatlantic flight featured large, leather, comfortable seats, excellent food, flight attendants, and choice of drinks, so that I know an airline can make money and make passengers happy at the same time. My wife and I paid $1100 for the privilege of enduring this awful, cramped, uncomfortable American Airlines flight, the same price as all the other economy cabin passengers flying further forward. I have sent a letter to American Airlines about this experience and can only hope that they look at the letter seriously and improve their service, seating, and staff. If not, I hope that their current flight standard eventually generates enough negative feedback that passengers choose other carriers and they go out of business. That way their routes and traffic can be taken over by other more passenger-friendly airlines (which are virtually every other one that we have flown)."
"Atlanta to Miami flight supposed to depart at 9:30am. Got a call at 2am that the flight is delayed. 12:15 pm now. Ok no problem we'll still get to Miami in time to catch the cruise. Get to gate and they are boarding a different flight to Miami. No other information except unprofessional person telling us they are confused as well. Waiting here - no plane. Should have flown United Airlines. American Airlines, never again."
"Absolutely appalling - never again. American Airlines provides a convenient non-stop service but the cabin quality is appalling. If I were an employee I would be embarrassed. The fascia looked as though a cup of coffee has been thrown over it. The in seat power has one connection per seat (there are two seats next to each other) and the configuration of the sockets means that you cannot use both at the same time. Other airlines are so so much better. Next time I will go indirect with United and the inconvenience of the extended journey rather than this. It is such poor value for money."
"Full flight from Miami to Lima. Embarked, then told to debark due to some technical issues. Thus, delayed flight. An hour later boarded the same plane - old, falling apart Boeing 757. Torn seat upholstery, broken armrests, non-existent entertainment, lousy service. Plane felt cramped, as there were not enough space for all the luggage in the overhead bins and it was stored everywhere, reducing already minimal leg room for most. Exit row \"economy premium\" upgrade is a scam - hard, narrow seat with abysmal recline. I would never pay anything extra for this! There were no proper fastened seat belts checks done and laptop bags and other items were allowed to be stored on the floor, blocking emergency exits. Sad, if this is the way \"new American Airlines\" feels, looks and flies like. Fly someone else, if you can."
"I have never been so disappointed in an airline. I made reservations with American Airlines months ago so that I can have the perfect flight. When I was talking to the representative on the phone I explained very clearly what I wanted, a window seat. However some time after booking our flight and before the day we were supposed to fly American Airlines changed the plane. That would not have been too bad if their email that was sent to me did not go into my Spambox. Getting ready to print our boarding passes, I saw this plane was a three seater and I had a choice of the aisle or middle seat! I wanted a window seat and made that very clear to the representative I spoke with when booking my flight. I called American Airlines and told them how upset I was and the rep said there was nothing she could do about it. I am stuck on their plane, it was impossible for me to book another flight with another airlines. When I got on the plane, I asked very quietly if I could have an extra seat belt. Well as I was walking to our seat, the staff member reach out and said Miss, here is the extra seat belt! I was so embarrassed that I wanted to drop down and hide! Really, to have someone hand you a seatbelt in front of the rest of the passengers just showed me how unprofessional American Airline employees are. I am now on this plane in the aisle and anyone that passes me, hits me! This is what I had to endure the entire flight. We finally arrive and it couldn’t be soon enough. We walk to get our luggage and no luggage! We walk to the office and find out that American Airlines chose to put our luggage on another plane. The lady behind the desk tells us in one hour your luggage will be here. You can wait or they will deliver our luggage to where we are staying! Asking again how long will that take, she said only 1 Hour! Why did I believe her - arriving in New Orleans with heels on and warmer clothes because we were coming from Washington DC on this very uncomfortable flight, we asked to have the luggage delivered to our hotel. After two hours I try calling their customer service to find my luggage. The lady tells me our luggage is at the airport waiting for a driver to deliver them. When we finally received our luggage, hours later they were damaged. Do not pay extra for priority boarding because I watched with my own eyes the representative allow people Who did not pay get on board before us who did pay."
"Venice to Raleigh via Philadelphia with American Airlines. On our return from a wonderful Italian vacation, we had 4 confirmed seats on a connecting flight out of Philadelphia. Upon arrival, we learned that the connecting flight had been cancelled - no email or text notice - no explanation - no alternate seat arrangements. The improperly titled \"Passenger Service\" rep simply said, \"It happens\" and spent the next 10-15 minutes arranging Stand-By seats on a flight to Charlotte, NC and Stand-By from there to Raleigh. I explained that we didn't pay for stand-by status and wanted confirmed seats. She said that this was the best she could do unless we wanted to spend the night in Phil. We spent the rest of the night getting bumped. I will avoid American like the plague in the future."
"Oneworld Emerald business class customer. American Airlines Miami Emerald check in is inadequate and unacceptable. It should not take 30 minutes to get through the queue. Highly chaotic check in area and experience. Emeralds can no longer do Flagship check in which results in long delays. American Airlines Miami lounges are beyond appalling and subpar. WiFi spotty, food choices poor, overcrowded and dirty. The fact that there is no Flagship lounge in an AA international hub such as Miami is also unacceptable. Indefinite delay on today's flight with little/no information ahead of time or during the delay. Passengers wandering around having no idea what to do. Very poor form on all levels and won't be repeating anytime soon."
"American Airlines is the worst airline I have ever flown, and I have never had a single on-time flight. I have always had to run to my connecting flight. during my last trip with American my plane out of Las Vegas was 45 minutes late forcing me to run across the airport to my connecting flight and when I got there my next flight hadn't shown up. (Should have seen that coming) Then my connecting flight was delayed 30 minutes before they would update us not before we could board. After waiting they then notified us that the flight would be delayed another hour. I would have rather road horse back, that way I would have been able to get to my destination on time."
"American Airlines is the worst airline I've ever flown. They are rude and late in some capacity or another. My husband and I flew American to and from Hawaii, and it was nothing but nightmare after nightmare. Sure the flight was cheap, but in this case you certainly got only what you paid for. There are no complimentary meals for the long flight and no wi-fi. It must be a miracle American is still in business. Flying Delta next time."
"First American Airlines flight out of Palm Springs was supposed to leave at 6am. Didn't leave til 8 because flight attendants had to sleep in because they worked late. Captain on the same plane the night before got there on time. Then missed connecting flight in Dallas. Got ticket for the next flight. Sitting here they are 2 hours late. Hopefully it doesn't get cancelled. Every time I fly AA same thing. Late flights with terrible service. Never again."
"Delays and cancellations are the norm for the American Airlines flights from the USA to Rome. Our flight was only 2 hours delayed, but on the return trip, the first flight, (111) was delayed hourly until 4pm, at which time it was cancelled. The next day, the flight was again delayed hourly until 4pm, at which time it was again cancelled. The third day, we moved to flight 721, which was delayed hourly until 3:30pm. which caused all of the connecting flights to be missed. We spent the third night in Charlotte, N.C., and finally made it home Wednesday afternoon, much later than 7:30pm Sunday scheduled arrival. The airline decided that two $100 dollar vouchers to fly with them again was more than sufficient to make up for a 3 day delay. Two weeks later, my wife's cousin was on flight 111 from Rome to Chicago, and it was cancelled again. The received nothing from the airline."
"American Airlines has the worst customer service and highest cancellation rate I have ever experienced. My flight was delayed for 6 hrs and than cancelled without notice to all of sitting at the gate for hours. Than when the only other rebooked flight was in the morning they didn't give me a food voucher or hotel voucher and I had to fend for myself. When. I came back to my newly rebooked flight the attendant said I had somehow \"accidentally\" been cancelled out of my seat! I was than put on standby on a departing flight in the next gate and told to wait in another line for 20min. I managed to make it on the flight but that flight than stood on the tarmac for over an hr past scheduled departure time. I understand extenuating circumstances, but come on, this is ridiculous."
"American Airlines has lousy timing and customer service. My flight was supposed to be at 6:15. A crew member got sick - which you would think is a regular enough occurrence that they would have a plan for dealing with that. But apparently their best back-up plan was to fly in a whole other plane 4 hours later - and then getting that off the ground 30 minutes late. No concern whatsoever for timeliness. And this is pretty typical, today was just particularly atrocious."
"Houston to Manchester via Chicago with American Airlines. The most terrible flying experience I have had. Firstly the horrible customer service - they don't look at you when you ask a question, don't reply, don't smile, don't even dress smartly. The staff are so rude. The aircraft itself is so old, it has barely any leg room, horrible seats, no personal entertainment, and even if it was available it wasn't working. For a flight that flies over the ocean for more than 7 hours what do you expect the sleep deprived, uncomfortable passengers to do? I had to buy alcohol, the food was terrible and barely filling for an adult. I will never fly American Airlines even if I have to pay extra!"
"Calgary to New York via Toronto/Chicago. They left me a voicemail to let me know that the first segment of my 2-segment flight got cancelled and to call them so they could reschedule me on another flight. I call AA and explain the situation, and this girl is telling me that they can't do anything for me. Why did they call me and tell me that they would put me on another flight then? I got another voicemail from them the next day saying the exact same thing, so I called back and managed to get myself on another flight. Comes the day of the flight, I am at the airport 2 hours early, and my tickets haven't even been ticketed! I spent a whole hour and a half on the phone with a representative to fix the whole thing, and by that time, I received another call from AA to tell me that the 2nd segment of my flight has been cancelled - 7 hours before its departure! The rep on the phone finally managed to find a 3-segment flight to my destination. By that time, it's too late for me to make my first flight, and thank god for WestJet (operating the flight) front desk, they managed to push me through and off I went, running for my life to make the initial segment of my flight. Flights from each segments were late, so I had to run for it between every flight. Thanks for the terrible quality, poor service and added stress. I am never flying American Airlines again."
"London to Baltimore via Philadelphia with American Airlines. Cabin staff on the plane leaving Heathrow practically shouted at one of the passengers for mistakenly pressing the call button rather than reading light. Too scared to ask for anything for fear of same treatment. Earphones terrible, continuos buzzing sound and one ear no sound at all. Food choice terrible and tasteless. Delayed internal flights meant missing connecting flights hence needed taxi for another airport an hour away to board another flight. Thankfully they paid for this but the anxiety of it all! Return flight to Heathrow, no inflight entertainment whatsoever. Communal tv screen with sometimes inappropriate content for children. Again some cabin crew not very nice, bordering on rude."
"Good to know some things never change and American Airlines is still the worst airline in USA. What an embarrassment. As usual ran out of a choice of food, messed up airmiles (still waiting). Surly and frosty staff on the planes, who just want to sleep and not give service. The staff had no idea about landing forms and customs forms. No individual TV's on a full service transatlantic flight. Give me a break. And few tiny screens scattered in aisles that probably 50% couldn't see. No one asked once in 18 hours round trip if my 18 month infant was okay or needed anything. Except the one time a man working for American came to tell him off for clicking the attendant button. Except he didn't! It was a faulty button that kept coming on. And it was my button, not his. Great customer service folks. No one checked to see if he was even strapped in. Only flew because was the cheapest flight and only direct flight close to home. Will not be doing so again. Their three strikes are about 10 by now. No more American Airlines."
"Our American Airlines flight from ORD to STL was cancelled without detailed explanation. They did not offer accomodation or really any other option. Customer service at the gate were very grumpy, unprofessional and disrespectful. I had to rent a car and drive to St. Louis which was very costly. I sent an email to customer relationship and their response was that they don't reimburse for cancelled flights, but they will further investigate matter and get back to me. They never contacted me. I will never again fly on American Airlines."
"I am a Concierge Key member on AA. I fly around 200k+ miles/year. In spite of the effort to remodel old planes American Airlines still has many old 777 in routes such as London and Madrid. But that is temporary (or so we hope). What is hard to understand is why a crew can be so unprepared and unprofessional (or at least part of it) JFK to MIA: First two flight attendants were missing. All passengers (since no preboarding was done) left on the jet bridge until somebody decided to show up (a minimum number of flight attendants is required to board a plane. So why did they start boarding ?) When the crew shows up decided to play the PA music at the loudest possible volume. Everybody in the plane complaining since we could not even talk or listen to the person seating right next. No menus. To get a glass of wine (first class and after paying $900+ for a round ticket) I had to ask three times. Asked twice to hang my coat. The flight attendant told me he was busy and could come back in a few minutes. Asked him again 5 min later. He could not care less! I gave up and carried the jacket on my lap the rest of the trip. Better than insisting with somebody that clearly is not prepared for his job. When I add this type of unprofessional service to the fact that AA charges substantially more than other Airlines on the same exact route (compare MIA-MAD on AA and on Iberia in Business for example), I wonder why I am still flying AA. Well I am already building mileage on other airlines so I can eliminate AA from my flight options."
"This was my first time flying American Airlines. When boarding the plane they told us there was no space for carry-ons inside the plane, forcing everyone to check their carry-ons. There was lots of people with their electronic devices, computers, and important loose items in their hands. Then, when in the plane, after a 45 minute delay, they told us that they could not put our baggage inside our plane. Incredible, and one of the worst flying experiences I have ever had."
"Could not believe that an approved size/weight hand held luggage was not allowed on the plane with me because of some rule they have. They get all travellers regardless of class with travel wheel based approved luggage to valet check just before entering the plane. Only American Airlines could do that to 1st class and all economy passengers! Why do they have onboard baggage sizes and weights guides when it goes in the hull anyway? On the flight the FA thought it was cool to stuff food in his face and chew it while doing the safety demo. Unreal only American Airlines could turn air travel into a subway trip to the Bronx and not a pleasant experience it was designed for. Disgusting airline, staff attitude and policies. I will be looking for direct flights from overseas so I don't have to travel internally with American Airlines again."
"Our American Airlines flight from Manchester to JFK was delayed by over 3.5 hours with no explanation. When I looked into the history of this route, this daily flight has not departed on time even once in the last 28 days. The flight itself was okay once we got going, but really departing and arriving on time is pretty fundamental to how highly an airline can be rated."
"I booked a flight from Paris to Columbus, with a stop in New York (JFK). Shortly after booking my ticket, I noticed that American Airlines allowed just more than an hour to make the connection. Since I would be coming into JFK on an international flight, and would need to go through customs and re-check baggage before continuing on to my connecting flight. I become concerned about the time crunch and called American Airlines to verify that I would have enough time to make the connection. They assured me that I would, so I moved forward with the planned itinerary. When I arrived into New York from Paris, I was pleased that American Airlines had sent an employee to wait for me at the gate to give me an expedited pass through customs so that I could catch my connecting flight. Unfortunately, after clearing customs, I waited for an additional 30 minutes to get my checked baggage, so that I could re-check it. I literally ran the entire way through the airport to catch my flight. I arrived at my gate exactly 9 minutes before the flight was scheduled to take off, but the flight was already gone. Not only was the door shut, but the airplane was already gone from the gate. This left me wondering why American Airlines authorized a flight to leave early when not all of its passengers had arrived at the gate. I was especially disappointed since I was traveling with my wife and infant son, and we were all very tired after a long day of traveling (we began our journey the day before flying with a different airline into Paris). An American Airlines agent at the gate kindly re-booked me for a flight the next day, but informed me that I would need to wait in the check-in line in order to ask about a hotel voucher. After waiting in line and speaking with a check-in agent about a hotel voucher, I was informed that since my flight from Paris was on time, they would not give me a voucher. I explained that I had run through the airport, and that the reason I had missed my flight was because my bags did not come through for more than 30 minutes after I had cleared customs. The check-in agent seemed to feel genuinely sorry, but reiterated that he would not give me a hotel voucher. Instead, I paid $300 to get a decent hotel on short notice. It is frustrating and unfortunate that American Airlines would feel it more important to avoid additional cost than to reimburse a customer for an expense that American Airlines had caused. American Airlines made two mistakes: They authorized a flight to push off early, even though they knew they had passengers rushing from a connecting flight. They did not give a hotel voucher even though they were late in getting checked bags to the carousel, resulting in a missed flight and need for a place to stay for the night. Nobody likes to be taken advantage of when they are vulnerable. This is how American Airlines treated me and my family. For this reason, I will avoid using American Airlines in the future when possible."
"My flight to Colorado Springs went fine, but my return flight was horrible. I got to Dallas where I was supposed to catch my connecting flight, two hours early. I waited in the terminal and my flight kept getting pushed back. They would not tell us anything except that the plane was rerouted to San Antonio. About an hour and a half after we were supposed to board, they finally told us that the flight was cancelled and that we had to rebook. I went to the desk and they had me call the customer service number, which the woman I talked to wasn't helpful at all. I told her that I needed the earliest flight possible, but she kept listing flights that were extremely late in the day. I am 26 weeks pregnant, and didn't have any more money for food or a hotel room and they refused to give vouchers for food or a hotel, so I wound up having to sleep in the airport with nothing to eat. They finally got me on a flight, and we had taxied onto the runway, when the plane just stopped. No real explanation why. We sat on the plane waiting for it to take off for an hour, before we finally got off the ground. I will not be flying American again."
"I missed a connection on America Airlines / US Air in July because the handicap cart in the airport was late. Handicap cart was in the record. When I told the agent I was going to use a wheelchair she said it was too far and to wait. Missed the connection listening to her. I was rebooked coach and have yet to receive a refund on the first class portion of the flight. Today I was to fly first class from Vegas to Memphis through Charlotte. Arrived at airport early enough but line and service even for first class was so long and slow missed flight even though had already checked in and had boarding passes. Agent apologized and admitted they were slow because of cancellations in Dallas. Would not send my bags later and let me board flight. No curb service for bag. It will take an act of congress to get refund for half of this $1500 first class ticket and now I am stranded. Higher tickets, record profits, less customer service. If at all possible never fly American ."
"Our American Airlines flight from Chicago to Dallas Fort Worth was departing at 7am. However once we got on the flight we were told that we wouldn't be able to leave for an hour because someone didn't finish their paperwork and the hydraulic fluid needed to be filled. After that hour the door was closed and the pilot said we were ready to leave but still waiting on last minute paperwork so it would be about 5 more minutes. Finally, at 8:40, our plane started moving and we got to the runway only to be told by our pilot that the weather conditions at Fort Worth were too severe so they shut down the airport and they will keep us updated on when we get to leave. We are currently trapped in the plane waiting to find out if we will actually leave Chicago today or not. If there was a section below for zero stars, I'd be marking that."
"Dallas to Oklahoma with American Airlines. While delays due to weather are understandable, the incompetence of the staff and their inability to explain issues in a polite and respectful manner is disturbing. Overall this was the worst flying experience I have been subjected to and I would not recommend anyone following in my footsteps."
"Cavalier disregard for safety. Time is not of the essence. American Airlines staff (gate and flight attendants) showed no regard for safety whatsoever. Gross overloading of the cabin storage bins was only exceeded by total disregard for safety regarding exit seats. Passengers at the exit seats were permitted to place items too large for the bins between the seats. The flight attendants did not conduct proper checks to ensure passengers seats, seat belts, cabin trays and computers were in fact ready for take off or landing. The passenger briefing for take off was non-existent. The briefing for exit row passengers was worse! The flight was late and overcrowded, due to earlier delays, cancellations and overbooking. Check-in was fair, but boarding was poor."
"I have been a frequent flyer with American Airlines for many years but have to consider to change. I have spoken with many of the staff at Tulsa Airport and all are trying to transfer out to another area. Evidently American is incorporating the policies of US Air in regards to customer service. Unanimously I have been told there will be little or no customer service. I have started seeing this at multiple airports, especially at DFW and with their reservation system. If 20+ year employees are leaving, is it like rats deserting a sinking ship? Not sure if this was a merger or takeover (which was the worst airline I had ever flown). Something to consider."
"The flight was very uncomfortable, cabin staff attitude was that they did not want to be there. Being vegetarian I had booked vegetarian meal, which was not provided. When asked the answer was \"your name is not on the list\". I have experienced this before, but other airlines still make an effort and provide something, but they did not make any effort and I had to stay without food for the journey. Apparently American Airlines has a bad reputation for customer service that they just don't care. I will not recommend to fly on this airline."
"I have has a multitude of terrible experiences over the past year with American, but after this weekend they will never receive my business again. After arriving to my flight just 50 minutes before departure I was not permitted to fly because I was too late. Traffic in LA was gridlocked due to a freeway closure from a mudslide. I was told that I had to pay the exorbinant $200 change fee to go on the later flight which had more than enough room on it. They did not offer the normal $75 same day change fee, or an option to fly standby. I was told they did not offer standby on this flight, however when I got to the gate their were 3 other passengers on standby. I have done everything to get a refund for my fee, which I clearly should not have been charged, but the airline refuses to assist me regardless of my elite status and nearly 500,000 lifetime miles and 15 years of loyalty. Apparently American Airlines has such a horrible reputation for customer service that they just don't care anymore that consumers hate their business. Thanks to congress approving the recent merger they have a \"too big to fail\" mentality and I am sure they will be bailed regardless of how many customers go to the competition."
"Why don't American Airlines they fix the plane before we get on it? We get on and then they tell us the bathroom is broken. Obviously the customer comes second and making a rating to get us on a plane is first. We will miss our connecting flight and who knows when we will take off,"
"Clean cabin and flights on time. American Airlines flight attendants with no smiles and rude behavior. I had the feeling that they hate their jobs and passengers are a necessary evil they have to deal with. Check-in staff in MIA was even worse. The guy wanted to charge me $100 for having 1 Kilo excess baggage. On top of the $25 they charge anyway. Not a nice experience and I will try to avoid AA in the future. Tickets are not cheap either."
"I'd award American Airlines zero stars if possible. Sunday, September 21, Miami to Madrid, departure at 6:45PM with a code share on to Casablanca. At 4AM that morning, I am awakened by an automated call from AA, but with no recording - just silence. I check the web site, and the flight is delayed three hours to 9:45 PM. I get another \"mystery\" call waking me at 4:15 and another at 4:30. I shut off the phone. When our group of three gets to the gate that evening, we see the flight is further delayed to 11 PM (no explanation). We board only to find an aircraft that is beyond stuffy and hot - the temp must be in the upper 80s F (31 C). We're told the auxiliary power unit is malfunctioning, and there is a computer problem in the cockpit. By midnight, we're all soaked in sweat, and the temp we are old by an FA has reached 98 F (36 C), beyond union work rules. We're, told rather curtly, and in Spanish only, to get off the plane and wait at the gate. At 1 AM we're rushed back onto the plane. The pilot attempts to start the engines but the plane is plunged into darkness, with the emergency lighting cycling up only after about 30 seconds and the full lights not back on for five or more minutes (video never recovered). He tries this again, with the same result. Now passengers are demanding to get off. The gate agent comes on to give them a stern lecture that they will get no compensation or assistance if they leave since the plane has not been cancelled. At 2AM another attempt is made to start the engines, to no avail. Darkness, then chimes, then emergency lighting. All the while, the plane feels like a Hot Yoga tube. \"Folks,\" the captain said \"if we can just get the engines started we'll be just fine.\" At 3 AM, the captain announces the flight is cancelled due to the failure of multiple APUs and FAA crew rules. Chaos reigns at the gate as there is no help with rebooking and announcements are in Spanish. At 3:45 we get our paperwork from the surly agent for the Iberia flight the next day at 5PM. We show up at 1PM only to be told by Iberia, a OneWorld \"partner\", that AA had not properly booked my seat nor endorsed the ticket over properly. (My friends were OK). I spent the next hour and a half running back and forth between the two airlines - they are about 1/3 a mile apart - while AA produced paper \"tickets\" that Iberia would not accept. \"These people are stupid!\" the Iberia guy complained - a helpful, competent, friendly soul so unlike the demonically possessed AA people. He writes down the instructions instructions for the AA idiots (with exclamation marks, no less) and I get the documents 40 minutes before boarding. By now all the seats are gone and I'm on standby. I do get on the Iberia plane - last seat - but after much stress and drama and a wasted $200 a night hotel room in Morocco, which AA will not reimburse. (An EU airline would). The return trip from Casablanca was a further nightmare, as AA \"damaged\" the record somehow. I found this out on a $38 phone call from Madrid back to the U.S. when the frequently down web site showed I was not on the MAD/MIA segment. Avoid this airline at all costs."
"Bradley to Kansas City via Philadelphia. More than a little disappointed with American Airlines. First problem was the sitting arrangement upon ordering tickets online, we were forced to pay a higher fee for premium economy because we did not choose seating the day of original purchase - traveling with a 3 yr old and none of the open seats were next to each other, therefore we were hopeful that we could speak with someone prior to selecting seats to ensure my husband or I were seated next to our child, which we did get but had to pay the extra fee for the premium economy to ensure this. Where the tray table was broken and literally flopped down entirely into my lap and the seat was loose and sliding around under my rear. During our flight from BDL to Philly, our daughter (3 yrs old) had to use the restroom, my husband went to take her and was told by the flight attendant that they had to immediately return to their seats as we were descending and could no longer be up and about - those who have young children should understand, you cannot just tell a 3 yr old child to \"hold it\". What was further infuriating about this scenerio was that we were actually 30 minutes from descending and other passengers were continuing to be up and about to and from the restroom for another 15 minutes after this happened, yet my child was not allowed to go! I have no issues with the safety and rules of an airline but if you are going to tell one person to return to their seat then shouldn't this apply to all passengers?!? Our connecting flight from Philly to MCI wasn't any better, 45 minutes sitting on the tarmac due to delays made our 3 hour and 4 minute flight even longer. The flight attentants were rude and very short when addressed. Are they aware that they entered a public service occupation? After this entire experience, I would definately not recommend this airline for anyone. They have a lot of room for improvement in many areas!"
"Our flight was late departing Sacramento so we missed our connection into Flagstaff and not one American Airlines/US Air employee were concerned. When they dumped us in Phoenix they offered no Help! When we went to baggage claim to recover our bags they told us they didn't know where they were or when they could get them, they suggested we pick them up in Flagstaff but couldn't tell us when. We had to rent a car to get to Flagstaff then return to the airport in Flagstaff a second time to get our bags from the last flight of the day which was also late. Our flight out of Flagstaff was delayed after they checked everyone through security and took our bags they informed everyone that the plane had a mechanical issue and was not able to take us to Phoenix. We again rented a car to drive to Phoenix after they booked us on another delayed flight which they failed to tell us about when they booked us on the flight. When we finally got to Phoenix we confirmed that our flight was delayed over 3 hours. Once again not a single employee cared nor have we been reimbursed any money or compensation for their screw up. This is the second time this airline did this to us."
"I used my frequent flyer miles to purchase business class tickets from JFK to Barcelona. It was through AirBerlin. This budget airline was the best part of the experience. The American Airlines part was the worst. We had a 1 hour layover in Dusseldorf on the way back to JFK, but the flight was cancelled to our layover turned into a 9 hour layover. My mother was sick an I needed to be in New York at a scheduled time. AirBerlin asked me to call Aadvantage. When I called, the first agent jsut yelled at me. I literally have not had anybody in service speak to me since I left the USSR in 1978. The second agent after listening to my problem answered with \"And what do you want to do about it?\" and was sarcastic throughout. I thought I was in a bad dream. We got to New York 7 hours late, after spending $200 in roaming charges. I thought Delta was the worst, but American Airlines has the honor now. Do not fly American."
"Book a flight with American Airlines but get a BA flight number. Want to pre book selected seats ? Use BA, no - use American Airlines stupid. Want to chose seats and check in - use BA flight number. Why can't I check in ? After 3 calls to BA's useless customer services\" we are told we can't check in online as it's closed to us, as we didn't select seats in time (news to me and never got any of this information from the website at the time of booking - nor did we get any warning notice telling us of the cut off point). All the more confusing as American Airlines allocated seat to us for the 2nd leg of the journey from JFK to Miami. Confused - we are ! We are offered the chance to pre book online for $30 per seat (what is this scam ?) but impolitely decline after spending a whole day online trying to sort it out. So just to be clear - the first part we have to pay for seats but the connecting flight we had seats allocated by American Airlines (at no cost). On the 2nd leg to Miami from JFK we are warned that, as per usual (in our experience on US domestic flights), there is a massive overbooking of cabin luggage and not enough space. As usual passengers refuse to give up their right to take endless pieces of baggage on with them so there is delay while ground staff literally confiscate baggage to put in the hold. Truly the indignation of tight fisted travellers with totally unrealistic expectations is a sight to behold. Everyone expects to get 2 pieces on board, regardless. No more internal flights for me, thank you. From now on it's British Airways or Virgin and damn the cost. The return flight (direct from Miami to JFK) - is it too much to expect that on a 10 hour flight we might get some inflight entertainment (and I don't mean 1 film). Truly pitiful. We board on the third group (not the last group) and guess what - no overhead locker space. Getting tired of this experience now. US airlines really have to sort this out and impose realistic expectations on their customers. Food average for economy, except the coffee which was really awful (I'm no coffee snob but how can you get this wrong American Airlines?) Cabin crew were okay to rude (congrats to the the one lady that really made the effort, on the other side of the plane). Got a nice warm \"thank you\" from everyone on departing the plane - but that doesn't make up for the previous 10 hours of mean spiritedness from the cabin crew. Ground staff very helpful and a simple, stress free experience. But really it's all about the flight - and American Airlines just don't cut it. It just seems US airlines are all in a race to the bottom (on price) and everything suffers accordingly."
"I recently flew American Airlines for the first time in years and was reminded why I don't. I was forced to pay extra for a seat on my flight when I had booked the ticket a month in advance and checked in 24 hours prior to my flight. When I got to the airport, still no seats were available and the employee was less than helpful in offering another solution. Once I got to my \"upgraded\" seat, I found that I had no extra room, the armrest was broken and so was the tray table. The flight attendants and airport staff had zero personality and were not very friendly. I will do everything in my power to not fly with American Airlines in the future. To top it off, the only way to get in touch with customer service to file a complaint is via email. The representative who responded had no sympathy and basically told me to kick rocks. I was unable to respond to the message because it was sent from an unspecified email address. The worst customer service I have experienced possibly ever."
"Don't fly with American Airlines! Having booked our business class flight with British Airways we had to use American Airlines from LAX to Honolulu. We had a 6 hour wait in LAX for our ongoing flight so decided to use the American Airlines lounge. Fat chance! We were refused entry as we weren't members! Even after explaining that we were flying business class we were told we were not allowed in. Having flown all round the world over the last 20 years many times in business class, we have always had access to lounges. Not according to the American Airlines agent! So after biting our tongues, we eventually got onto the flight to Hawaii. What fun. The cabin service manager was rude and obnoxious. The food was the worst we have ever had, even flying economy. Even telling the Cabin Manager about the food, all she did was pick up the tray and make no comment. There was a young Hawaiian hostess who was sweet and smiled at everyone. So what was the problem with her boss? The seats were uncomfortable even though they were supposedly First Class. We had made the mistake of having front row 1D and 1F and we were so close to the bulkhead we couldn't stretch our legs. Don't have bulkhead seats! Return flight to LAX we changed our seats to non bulkhead which helped with the legroom. Went into the AA lounge in LAX and were greeted nicely and given access. We then asked why we were refused entry before, only to be told that it was a mistake as we had the right to use the lounge! We should have asked to see a supervisor to check our status! Pity they put untrained staff in a business lounge. Having got entry into a lovely quiet and spacious lounge we were disappointed to find a total lack of food except to crackers and cheese. We had been given 3 drink vouchers each so we could get something to drink. Why is it that other airlines give you no restriction on drinks? The next flight was from LAX to LHR on a new Boeing 787. Nice plane and nice business class seats. Hostess were quite attentive but again totally let down by the quality of the food unless you like over cooked steak for dinner and leather scrambled eggs for breakfast! Why is it other airlines can get things right but American Airlines have grumpy staff and absolutely terrible food?"
"American Airlines has unsatisfactory customer service, takes advantage of its customers, and is uninterested in building customer loyalty. I have never been so disappointed in a major corporation. I rarely fly American, but when I do I have the same miserable experience. I planned a vacation for several friends, and I have experienced multiple flight cancellations, changes, and attitude from the American Airlines staff. I would not even classify it as poor customer service, they are simply rude."
"Will never fly AA again. I was scheduled on a 4pm flight from Sacramento to LAX on Saturday, Oct. 11th. I arrived at 2pm for the flight. It was marked as 'delayed' and re-scheduled for 5:45pm departure. At about 5pm I moved my seat closer to the gate counter to listen to the staff conversation about updates. They had probably a dozen conversations with maintenance people, pilots, etc all in hushed tones to one another. Then, when someone would approach the staff, they would rudely say 'we know nothing - you'll have to sit back down and wait'. Super rude to nearly every person who approached to ask. At 7.30pm - after only 1 announcement over a speaker about what is happening, they canceled the flight. A long line of people had been waiting to talk to gate attendants for the last several hours, but most of the attendants were just beyond rude - no information, wouldn't look at people, just kept typing away for hours with nothing actually happening. We run down to the ticketing booths to get our flights re-booked. Of course, by this time there were no other flights to LAX that night. Again, if people had known an hour earlier that the chances were unlikely that they would get to LAX that night, they would have tried to get on another flight. As I wait in line I re-book a flight over the phone in 5 minutes. However, I then need a hotel voucher, as my flight left at 7am. After waiting in line at the ticketing booth for 2.5 hours someone finally provided vouchers to everyone waiting. 7After waiting for hotel shuttle to arrive for 45 minutes, a group of us finally pay for a cab to the hotel. We walk in at 10pm and the lone hotel staffer has no idea that we were coming, and also has no idea what airline vouchers are. They also only have 4 rooms available. As our group finally gets rooms a large group arrives from our plane with vouchers in hand, only to be told there were no rooms available. I'm guessing these people, after spending 8 hours waiting, just went back to the airport to sleep. Again - things happen, planes get delayed/canceled by nobody's fault. However if the staff had been remotely professional and fore-thinking, they could have got people with important connections on other flights before it was too late. The staff could have communicated at least a few times over the course of hours to everyone, helping to alleviate the confusion and hysteria that grew out of knowing NOTHING. Never again, American Airlines. Folks - look at these reviews and go with another airline!"
"I bought two $750 round trip American Airlines tickets from Newark to Barcelona through Expedia. The websites of Expedia and then American Airlines would not allow me to choose a seat and advised me to call. When I did call American Airlines, I was told I would not be able to choose any seats, much less two seats together so my husband and I could be with each other, until check in at the airport unless I paid $75 more per ticket to guarantee a seat and that unless I paid this extra $150 total we would probably not be able to sit together. I will never fly this airline again."
"Booked two flights online to Chicago at $300 more per ticket than several other airlines because we had a gift certificate we wanted to use. While trying to select our seats, the only seats showing available cost an extra $58 per seat. I called AA and the 'customer service' representative informed me that she could make the seat selection for me, but that would cost an extra $25 per seat. I explained that I was requesting assistance because their website wasn't allowing me to make my selection. She said the only way she could help me without an extra charge was to transfer me to their technical assistance department and, if that person there could not help me, he/she could transfer me back to 'customer service' and authorize a waiver. Then, they could make my seat selection without charging me extra. The person at the technical assistance desk informed me that there were seats available at the quoted price, but that I had to complete my purchase, and select my seats 30 minutes afterward. It actually took eight hours to receive a confirmation, and I still could not make a seat selection. Once again I called 'customer service' and the rep informed me that the only way I could select my seats was to pay an additional $25 dollars per reservation. Otherwise, I needed to wait until the day of departure in order to be assigned seats at the gate. They could not even guarantee that we would be seated together. In light of the ridiculous two-day process of trying to get assigned seating, I asked to speak to a supervisor but was refused any assistance, refused to give me her employee ID (finally gave in after five or six requests), and refused to put me in contact with her supervisor. This is the first and last time I will fly American Airlines. Their flights are over priced and, based on their pathetic lack of any regard for the customer, their staff is over paid. After seeing the other reviews, I have no idea how they are still in business. Apparently, one-star ratings are commonplace for this travesty of an airline."
"I had a pathetic experience travelling American Airlines from London to Miami and back from Chicago to London. They don't just have issues on one or two fronts but multiple ones. Being Indian, I am not used to great customer service but the flight attendants in American Airlines put the ones on Air India to shame. They are rude and do not care about your needs. The entertainment system is the worst and their fleet is so old that the screen size could be trumped by some of the bigger phones in the market. There were a total of 10 movies on the plane and the choices were pathetic. The entertainment system is not personalized and they have shows running like in a cinema hall. So if you miss the show start, you join in between. The food was another issue. I had specifically asked for a AVML (Asian Vegetarian Meal) and they told me that they 'call' it VGML (Vegetarian Meal). Nobody from American told me that it is a simple vanilla vegetarian meal consisting of bread, butter, crackers and pasta when I was expecting some food I am used to. I had called American thrice to confirm this and they told me I am all set. While I was slated to fly back from Chicago, the aircraft developed brake issues and they had to install new ones. This delayed departure by four hours. Every one hour, American would announce that they will tell us soon but even after boarding, we could not take off for 1.5 hours. This obviously led to me missing connection in London. I am never flying American airlines again."
"Today is 7 Oct and wife and I are not in Dominica! Long story, and very sad - we awoke this morning at 2:30 to get the last of the things done around the house necessary to close it for the 6 months we would spend in Dominica. About 3:45 AM, a buddy of mine showed up to take us to the airport. We got to Eppley Airport about 4:30 and had boarding passes about 15 minutes later. Went thru TSA in a breeze – best TSA screening ever for us – very quick. We walked to the departure gate and found a place to sit next to the gate work area. There was activity that early as a flight to Dallas was just before ours. The Dallas flight departed and our flight departure was suddenly changed from 6:05 to 6:59! What gives – no American Airlines rep at the gate would say anything. The only announcement they made was that the crew would be there shortly (25 minutes) (already post departure time). Lynn went to the gate folks and inquired about the flight, particularly because we had a connecting flight in Chicago to SJU. “No Problem” says the guy at the gate – the other flight is late, too, so all is well. You will have plenty of time. Our flight finally boards and departs – well over an hour late. In flight, the pilot announces that the delay was as a result of “crew rest time” as the original crew for this flight got in late the evening before. We get to Chicago, go like hell to the gate for the SJU flight and get there just in time to see the aircraft preparing to pull away from the terminal. We were not allowed to board as the “door” closed 10 minutes before we got there. At that point, one of the AA reps hands us boarding passes for the next flight to SJU – several hours later. I ask “how about the connecting flight following that one?” Big blank stare, a look of shock on the guy’s face – he never looked to see if there was anything else on our itinerary. Now there is a supervisor involved, both banging away on the keyboards - they have nothing for today as there is only one AA sponsored flight a day into Dominica (DOM). Finally, out of the goodness of their hearts, they offer to put us up in San Juan for the night – but the catch is that the next available seats on Seaborne (AA affiliate) to Dominica are on 15 Oct 2015 – a week away and they want us to sit in SJU waiting on the AA sponsored flight - then they offer to let us sit in Chicago! I was not happy. It was not our fault that the flight crew was so late getting us out of Omaha. We finally got new ticket vouchers for 15 Oct on the same set of flights as originally set up by Liberty Travel. One small point, our luggage is now missing in action – AA has no idea where it is – they are hunting. And the luggage cost me $50 for this mess. I hope it enjoys the trip. Later, when putting in a “claim” for our AWOL baggage, I find out from an AA employee that AA had no idea the crew was out of flying time and could not even find them in the morning? Had to have the hotel get them. At least that was the story from the ground crew personnel we talked to about the flight. We grab a ride from the airport back home."
"I spent almost 2-3 hours of my vacation on hold. When we landed I was told to call American Airlines two days before we left to change seats if they were available. I was told I could do it online. There website is a nightmare. Dis functional and impossible to use if you have an issue. It's impossible to email a representative. The list of questions they want is irrational. The site shut down and crashed on me because it wanted information I didn't have. I was unable to get information on seat upgrades. Then I called them and spent 45 minutes of my vacation on hold. Only to find out that.(this was on top of the 45 minutes I spent when we landed. I tried to upgrade the seats then but was told I needed to wait till two days before we left) so here I am on hold for an hour two days before we leave and they tell me that they cant help me and can't do anything because the seats were booked at an undisclosed rate. They eventually helped me and scheduled a gentleman to call me. This process took 2-3 hours on the phone and a scheduled call two days later. Unfortunately it's impossible for me to get through to that guy from Ireland. The level of disgust I have is beyond words to describe and all I was trying to do is pay them to upgrade a seat to business class?"
"I had booked American Airlines travel in advance for myself and family well in advance of our trip at a fairly decent rate. a month before travel, the airline removed a flight from our plan. After trying to find a flight to get us home, I booked one with Southwest (who I've never had issues with, props to them), and asked for a partial refund of the flight I wasn't taking with them. They refused. Gave me the run around with customer relations, then got told to request a partial refund with the refunds department, which I did, and then all my flights were canceled. I was then forced to rebook my trip at a higher cost of course. All the while, the admitted that their refunds department should not have canceled my flights. This trip ended up costing me almost $1000 more than my original booking. They didn't care. I waited until I returned from my trip to request again the money I'm out. After writing 6 letters to the top 6 executives with AA, I once again received a customer relations email (auto-response) that tells me I again, won't be granted a refund. I had asked for phone call or email from them. I can't even fathom how much money over the years they have taken from their customers by doing this. I will never recommend this airline."
"Flight# 1281 was scheduled to leave O'Hare at 10.10 am en route to Seattle. As soon as I got through security, the departure board was now showing a delay. There were no weather issues whatsoever. The flight was rescheduled to depart at 11.35 am, and the gate had changed. Within minutes of arriving at the gate, the gate changed again, then again. The flight was then pushed back to 12.05 pm. Two hours past the scheduled departure time, we began boarding the flight. Not one American employee apologized for the inconvenience or explained the delay. I was miffed. I understand the American employees staffed at O'Hare were not to blame for the delay, but it would have been nice to recognize the delay was a huge inconvenience. Two days later, I received an email from American, asking me to review my flight from O'Hare to BWI. It was laughable. They couldn't even get my itinerary correct to review. In the future, I will bite the bullet and head towards Midway where at least Southwest has a far better on-time rating and employees that seem to care."
"The American Airlines service was ridiculous, not only were the flight attendants rude, but then the airline loses my bag that they made me check at the gate. When I landed and told them about my bag they said it would take a total of one to five days to get it back. It has now been five days, and they haven't even come close to finding my bag. It literally had my name on every side of it, and my name and address on 2 tags. They forced me to check this bag. Don't even try calling their customer service, the people are rude and extremely unhelpful. Each of them told me different things and none of them lined up with what the other people said. American Airlines must hate their customers."
"My wife and I flew American Airlines from Miami to Maui through LAX on the way over. On the return trip back we had to return through Dallas Fort Worth. The issue is our originally scheduled flight was supposed to have an hour or so layover in Dallas Fort Worth and arrive in Miami at 11 am. However, American changed this flight to leave two hours later with a layover now closer to 4 hours and an arrival time in Miami of 1 pm. There was a flight that would leave 1 hour earlier than the original, but apparently we were defaulted to the worse one. Thanks American for ruining our return trip. You did not notify us of the change when it occurred. We only found out at checkin and were presented with no better options until we reviewed them on our own. When we inquired of the gate attendant to get on the earlier flight, we were told that our bags would arrive at the later time regardless, and there would be a $75 pp transfer fee. Nice and classy move American. Last time I fly with second class American Airlines."
"I flew American Airlines last December and had an awful experience. Every one of my flights was delayed on the tarmac for at least 30 minutes. I almost missed a connecting flight and had a flight attendant yell at me for asking her a question. The flight was also very cramped. I swore I would never fly American again but I found a great deal recently and I thought I would give them another chance. I purchased travel insurance just in case and was ready to go. Unfortunately I just lost my job and when I called to cancel the flight I was told that there was a $200 service fee. She then explained that since my flight was less than that, I would just lose that money and not have to pay anything extra. When I told her that I would never be flying American Airlines again she got very rude and short with me. Apparently customer service isn't a priority for American Airlines. I will never use them to travel again and I don't recommend it for anyone else."
"After going to an American Airlines counter at DFW to ask a simple question about my bag I was shocked to see how fast everyone wanted to pass the buck. I always thought Air Canada was bad but the staff at DFW with American airlines was awful. The flight attendants were rude onboard and the service was non existent. Will not be flying American again!"
"I would never consider flying American Airlines but I had no choice so booked the ticket for the exit door. Being 15 and aware of the airline rules booked the seat - when I arrived at the airport they said that I couldn't sit at the emergency exit. When I showed them the website and the rules they disregarded me and gave me a seat with less legroom. Being tall this was not the best way to go but I took the seat. Onboard plane it was filthy, no entertainment. We received an option of a banana or pretzels, a tiny cup of water and that was it. When II asked for more water he looked at me sarcastically. Premium economy had little extra legroom and not worth the upgrade."
"I am horrified by how American Airlines tried to take advantage of a bad situation in the Bahamas to try and charge me £800 pounds for a one way flight of max 45 minutes duration, when I wanted to change my flight due to the hurricane from Saturday to Thursday. As a gold card member of oneworld alliance I will go out of my way never to fly with them again - totally unacceptable."
"I have flown with American Airlines for years. I have changed to Delta and was given the same status I had with American. The reason I transitioned was a complete lack of customer service from American Airlines. My flight was delayed and I was going to miss my connecting. I called the AAadvantage desk. They told me they would put me on a 5:30 AM flight so I could get to Dallas for a 6:05 PM flight to get home. I asked for a later flight. The rep told me they had to put me on the next available flight. I asked to speak to a supervisor. This is where it gets good. The rep told me he would leave a message for the supervisor. They might call me back within two hours. If I was not contacted within two hours I could call back and ask again. If not contacted within two hours I could call back and request again. I could follow this pattern until I was called back. I asked to speak to customer service. They told me I could email customer service and they would reply back in a couple weeks. This week I flew Delta - I called the Skymiles desk and asked to speak with customer service. I was connected to a person. Goodbye American, hello Delta"
"Upon arrival in DFW, I was informed they lost my bag. I had come to DFW a day early to ensure that I had enough time. I was told the bag would be delivered to the hotel. I checked via phone after the said time the bag was to arrive and I was told they could not locate the bag. I checked again later and was told to pick up the bag at the airport. At the airport, I was told they did not know where the bag was and there was nothing they could do for me. I went back to the hotel and that night the bag was delivered. I will never check at bag again."
"We booked our American Airlines flight in March for my nieces wedding and were scheduled to depart Kansas City at 6:05 am. At 4:00 am we were notified that the flight was delayed to 9:00 then noon. Our connection to Cabo was at 8:47 and the only other connection was 10:40 and it was full. They could not find us a flight with American or United, the only carrier they are contracted with until 4 days later. Said they could send us to somewhere as close as 300 miles away from Cabo. Exactly what I want to do, get dropped in the middle of Mexico and find my own way through the jungle to reach my vacation destination. Reason for delay was maintenance. Only option - refund and cancel trip. Very rude service, treated as if we were a number. This has also happened to friends of ours. I will never book with American Airlines again. If it's my only option, I just won't go! Only reason for 1 star is it won't allow me to post zero!"
"My flight from JFK to CVG was continuously delayed, then cancelled, then reinstated, then delayed and then we finally got on. After 8+ hours they still didn't manage to get my bag on board, and no bagage service agent was to be found at CVG. Called 800 number, talked to an agent who promised it would be there the following day at noon.. Called to confirm today, AA didn't even have a flight coming in before 5, and the claim was never even registered with the company! Trying to have the bag flown from JFK to CVG is proving to be even more of a hassle than waiting 8+ hours. No one can help, and are giving us attitude as we are trying to be very understanding - ie. driving the hour from our house to go pick the bag up ourselves at CVG. I can't explain the situation to the point of understanding, but I will never fly American Airlines again in my life if I can avoid it. Sure the flight was cheap, and I now understand why. I have never encountered such unprofessionalism in a big airline, and I will do my best to spread the word."
"I was visiting Miami for an academic conference. My colleagues arrived to MIA a bit late due to traffic issues/flooding. We arrived to the airport around 55 min before our departure on AA1265 to PHL. With no bags to check, we proceeded to security where I noticed that my boarding pass would not load on either the mobile app nor via the browser. I told my colleagues to go through security without me, and went to a nearby American Airlines kiosk to print my ticket. It did not work. I tried another kiosk which printed an error ticket, directing me to the counter. I did check-in from home earlier that day and had a reserved seat on this flight. Aware of the lack of time, I informed the check-in line rep of the situation, who referred me to the supervisor. She understood my situation but insisted I wait in the bag check line to print my ticket, despite 0 bags to check. When I said the delay would cause me to miss my flight she unsympathetically told me that I should have arrived 2 hrs early and walked away dismissively. At the counter, the agent printed my ticket easily with no explanation as to why it didn't work on my phone or from the kiosk. I went through security and sprinted to my gate, only to miss it by a few moments (walkway still attached), both of my colleagues aboard. Rebooking was apathetic and booked me standby for 7am. American Airlines has the worst customer treatment and I will never fly AA again."
"American Airlines makes it almost impossible to speak with anyone in person, and now I know why. They do not want to be held responsible for any part of your flight experience which they did not provide well - which for me, was just about every one. The mechanics of the plane, quality of the flight attendant service, timeliness of the flight, etc. My son was smacked with the tray table from the seat in front of me repeatedly and no one cared to do anything about it. I finally just left it open so it could stop randomly falling on my infant (3 months old at the time). The flight attendant got annoyed and said I had to close it and I told her I would just as soon as she figured out how to get it to stop hurting my baby. She was rude and said she didn't know and didn't even apologize. Clearly, all they care about is taking your from Destination A to B, regardless if you get there in one piece or not. If you get on the plane, then they have done their job, according to them. Do not fly with them if time or safety are your priority."
"In Florida the American Airlines plane I was flying had mechanical problems which made us an hour late getting into Philly. I missed my connecting flight. I had to stand in the customer service line for 90 min only to be put on the next flight going out the next day. There allotment of hotels was out so I guess I was supposed to sleep in the airport, and some did. They would not help find a hotel, I was denied help when asking for transportation through the airport due to a disability. I ended up finding a hotel nearby and grabbing hotel transport. I was charged $172 for the night. After contacting customer service, in the end they gave me 10,000 points (which is worthless) and $79 towards my hotel. Thanks for nothing. I fly a lot and it will not be with American Airlines again!! They are a huge disappointment and unfair practices."
"Someone else booked me this American Airlines flight, and I will never make the same mistake. I was taking the Red Eye back home to Boston, needing to make my connecting flight from LAX to BOS. Not only was my first flight delayed, from SAC I had to add another connecting through Chicago which they promised me was the earliest flight, but then ended up having to wait 3 hours in the airport. American Airlines customer service was abysmal and the whole trip was stressful and unproductive. Would not recommend."
"So displeased with the customer service American Airlines serves. I booked a flight through one account with my boyfriend two months ago leaving from two different locations but meeting in Miami to connect. His first flight was delayed due to crew issues, which then had his connection put on another later flight to Panama. AA said there were many seats on the second flight but it would cost me 200$ for switching. Even though it was a mess up on their end, I tried to address it nicely but they refused to work with me. They don't care. Sat at Panama airport waiting for him. I refuse to fly with this airline again. I've never had issues with Southwest when I had to cancel my flight with full refund. American Airlines just wants your money and not your satisfaction."
"Second time this year American Airlines has changed my flight causing me and my wife to be seated separately on the new flight. The only seats available next to each other were premium seats that they were requiring me to pay for. Fist time was our 35th wedding anniversary. Never again."
"American Airlines cancelled my ticket without notice, then overbooked the new flight delaying me 5 hours on the beginning of my trip. They then did the exact same thing on the return. Horrible customer service. I asked to speak with a manager and the lady sent me to Alaska Airlines, and I had to call the 800 number to talk to anyone associated with American Airlines. I'm canceling my next 2 flights and moving to another airline."
"We booked a flight with British Airways, but it was actually American airlines that we travelled with. I have flown with quite a few airlines in the past and never came across such rude staff. The staff in Manchester Airport were lovely but the American Airlines flight attendants were extremely rude. On the return flight a smile never crossed their faces. Sullen, miserable and very very rude, flown with them once and would never fly with them again."
"On our way to Barbados Airport we got an automated phone message from American Airlines that our flight was delayed by two hours. This delay meant we had a slim chance to make our connecting flight home. The flight to MIA was good, pilots knew there were a lot of passengers who needed to transfer at MIA and gave a lot of information. Although cabin crew offered a drink service (many of which you need to pay for) only once, they did everything in their power to assist passengers making connecting flights. Unfortunately we missed our connection due to the unwillingness of American Airlines check-in staff to help us, and spent the night at MIA. The cabin interior on this flight was modern and seats comfortable for a 4 hour flight."
"Sadly I read these reviews of American Airlines, aircraft and route after I had booked. I can confirm what others say. Old planes, older cabin attendants and a Mickey Mouse type service by crew. No seat back entertainment centre, only central screen every 5/6 rows and programmes started before headsets even given out. Could hardly see the screens. Food absolutely terrible, especially on return leg to UK. Really cold on the flights. Our return flight was over the Atlantic when a warning light came on and the Captain returned to JFK. You could hear the alarm screeching in the background of his speech to the passengers. Escorted to stand by Fire Service after brakes checked. Second worst landing I have ever had in 45 years of flying. The landing in the replacement plane by the same pilot was only marginally better. The airline industry has moved on, especially the Middle East carriers, but American Airlines has not. I paid more for these 6/7 hour flights than I do for 14 hour flights to Asia. Pay a bit more and get a proper airline next time. Like many other reviewers on this and other sites, I will never use American Airlines again."
"I've flown on different US airlines and American Airlines was the worst. Ready to board the Boeing 767 on our 4 hour flight to Barbados, I saw a good looking aircraft. New paint and equipped with modern wingtips. The interior however was extremely outdated and worn. No IFE and one moment of inflight service (with everything practically costing money). The cabin crew was adequate. The flight was full and service practically non-existent. The aircraft departed with a delay and arrived at Barbados later than scheduled. The drop-off in service and airline/aircraft quality compared to our previous flight was huge."
"Dallas/Ft Worth to Boston on an old American Airlines Boeing 757. Thankfully I was tired enough to sleep the majority of the time. There are center aisle ceiling TVs showing something which I couldn't see that well from the window seat anyway. Woke up around a period when they served drinks. Requested an orange juice, and the attendant dropped the box next to the person in the aisle in the row behind. I couldn't see how the box was dropped, but she then picked it up and proceeded to pour my drink! How disgusting! And poor girl behind. Flight was packed, as you get connecting through a hub dominated by one airline. Benefit of the old Boeing 757 is that the seats were fairly wide and comfortable, despite age."
"Wish I could rate American Airlines 0/10. Do not get the AA Advantage Card. There are barely any advantages. Fine print seems to be what American Airlines is all about with its loyalty program. We booked a multi-city trip with up to 8 days in a layover with our AA Advantage card, expecting to be charged for baggage on our international legs of the flight. But since we have the AA Advantage card, the domestic check is supposed to be free for the first bag for each person, up to 4, on the reservation. Well, American Airlines charged us for checked bags at every point. The agents claimed that we would have to call Customer Service to get reimbursed. Customer Service said that they could not do anything, so we have to go to the online site and leave a complaint. The American Airlines representative left a terse email stating that since all our flights were booked on the same itinerary, which included an international leg, we had to pay for checked baggage on every flight. We flew to 4 different cities in the US over the space of 2.5 weeks and were charged every time for baggage. What is supposed to be a benefit of our card that charges a $95 annual fee! So American is saying that we need to divide our travel reservation into international and domestic portions when purchasing our tickets in order to enjoy a complementary checked bag. The only perk: get 5% off if you buy the poor excuses for refreshments on American flights."
"American Airlines ticket counter in Boston is severely understaffed and grossly mis-managed. Arrived at the ticket counter area the pre-requisite 90 minutes prior to domestic flight time. Three or four AA agents checking in approximately 200+ people at the same time. Total chaos. No organization, no expedited lines. Complaints to AA go for naught. Had to fly out 5 days later and pay over $1,100 in change fees and airfare increases. If you fly American Airlines out of Boston on 5am flights, you better get to the airport at 2:30am or earlier."
"Horrible. Every American Airlines staff member (except two of the flight attendants) were extremely rude and unhelpful. Not to mention when our flight was delayed - no one helped us get another flight. When we missed our connection we had to look up our own flight and physically take the details to the desk and show them there was space. Bag checks are 25$ each which is pretty ridiculous as well. Will not be flying with American Airlines again."
"From the disinterested American Airlines gate agents who did not care to even figure out your problem, to crew onboard who exhibited awful attitudes and service - and then were shocked when you did not immediately fall over yourself thanking them for their poor service and almost uniform misinformation, American Airlines is awful. We recently took a long honeymoon trip out of the country and American Airlines lack of concern, poor attitude, and abysmal customer service frustrated us at almost every turn. My spouse travels quite a bit for her job and accrues AA points regularly. I will not fly this airline again."
"I left Maui at 9:30 pm to head back to Michigan. Unfortunately flying back I have a 6 hour wait at airport in Chicago. They charge $75 to change your flight time to a earlier flight which I was willing to do. What they don't tell you is you can only change to times they already picked! I found a flight on American Airlines that would have me at the airport for only 2 hours waiting but customer service said that the flight I wanted was not one of the choices, and if I wanted to go on that flight it would be $400 extra. I could drive back home from Chicago in a rented car and it be less than that! Then arriving to the airport I found out I could change my flight and be standby for $75. I was put on the list as number 8 and was not able to catch the earlier flight."
"What is happening with American Airlines? Worst aircraft I have ever been on for an international flight. I am Exec Plat, One World Emerald. Cabin staff pleasant but plane was ridiculous. I was in Exit row and fold out table was so old it dangled at an angle and I had to use a newspaper to prop it up. Rubbish single aisle TV so no personal media options. AA is not keeping its side of the One World agreement. This would never happen on BA and Qantas. I thought the merger with US would make AA better. Feels like they are a budget airline charging full service. I am thinking of switching to Delta."
"Very poor service from American Airlines. Flight from Laredo to Dallas was delayed 3 hours. No apology, no attempt to provide even a soft drink during the wait. Had to practically beg them to reschedule the connection. Missed a very important connection because of this delay. Very dissatisfied."
"Las Vegas to London Heathrow via LAX, and I initially booked this fight with a 2 hour changeover in LAX. I had concerns when received an email from American Airlines advising of 45 minute changeover, I sent several emails advising of concern, their response was to request I call them in USA. I find it strange that a company that you are paying good money to, contacts you by one option but then you have to contact them by another, I feel this needs to be addressed, I never in the end used the phone as I have had to do this with other airlines wasting time and money and just hoped all would work out. Checked in at Las vegas 3 hours before flight and was told there was no Business Lounge for American Airlines, strange as their main competitor has one and there are other lounges which you can pay to go into, why does AA not do this? The internal flight to LAX was ok, plenty of legroom in Business seats with some recline, we were provided with a bag of chips and a drink. Changeover at LAX was very efficient, arrived at gate next to where we had to get our plane to LHR, arrived with 10 minutes until boarding started. Boarded plane with no greeting from cabin staff they seemed to be engaged in conversation with each other, this caused issues when seating as my wife had to go all the way back to the front. Seat was a great set up, same as Cathay Pacific. Good seat storage, good choice of movies on large screen and comfortable seat and bed, although those over 6 foot might find ther feet feel restricted with limited foot space when in lie flat mode. Cabin staff were efficient and professional although they were not vey welcoming and did not smile - I managed after many contacts to get a smile from a hostess, but it seems to me that most do not want to be doing this job? It is strange that American Airlines would not choose to focus more on customer service especially as this is their new flagship plane. Suitcaes arrived at detination which was good. Overall experience was reasonable with food and seating being the best part of the experience."
"On both outbound and return trip with American Airlines from Los Angeles to London Heathrow, there were couples including ourselves who had been placed automatically into slightly suboptimal seating arrangements eg across an aisle or with a singleton between them or in different rows in close proximity. This encourages you to pay extra so you can sit together on a long flight. I am suspicious that they do this deliberately, and if so, this is a particularly cheap and dirty trick. Also, we were placed in the rearmost row, meaning you get no choice of meal when they run out of one meal option. When I asked if this is going to happen for every meal for the whole flight, the attendant was rude and said, of course - hadn't I ever flown before? An apology would have sufficed. We found the staff dismissive, talking amongst themselves while customers were disembarking instead of saying goodbye like they do on other airlines. They're clearly not a quality liner, and we won't be looking to fly with them again."
"Received an email notification that our American Airlines JFK-SJU flight was delayed 3 hours, had to inform the Premium Check-in Desk Agent myself. At gate, was told that a new aircraft was being flown in. After waiting 3 hours was told that the aircraft was used for another flight instead. Re-routed via MIA on flight that got us to SJU seven hours later, which meant we missed an entire day of vacation. After asking about our bags (nobody communicated anything prior) had to reclaim bags and recheck with just 30 mins before MIA flight departed. On MIA flight, they knowingly put our 12-year-old in an emergency row (against FAA policy). Lack of communication, surly agents, cramped flights. American Airlines seems to be going down the tubes."
"I have many complaints about my first class trip with American Airlines this month from La Guardia to Charlotte, which were all answered with a canned response from American Airlines. I was most appalled by the filthy and run-down condition of the plane interior from on this flight. Since AA did not respond to my request to provide them with this photo of my first class armrest, perhaps they will view it here."
"I have only flown American Airlines twice, once in 2012 and now in 2015. On both occasions I felt that staff interaction with me was simply in bad taste. On this most recent flight from Palm Beach to Dallas Ft Worth, I was delayed by staff at the counter because he wasn't sure about how to proceed with a passenger with an international destination. As soon as I told him my final destination was Cambodia, the look that came over face told me things might get bumpy (mind you this is in South Florida and they probably don't even know where Cambodia is). Nevertheless, after looking at my passport, he felt the need to get his manager. She comes out and tells me my visa is expired. Indeed, it was expired but she was looking at my Vietnamese visa. At this point I'm upset because I'm thinking, why are these people trying to stop me from getting on this flight? They were acting as if I just woke up that morning and decided I wanted to leave the country. I finally explained to the manager that American citizens can get a visa-on-arrival once they arrive in Cambodia. After she check on the internet to confirm, she issued my boarding pass and let me be on my way. The international leg of the trip from Dallas/Ft Worth was handled by Qatar Airways (who I love) so did we really need to go through all that? Back in 2012 I was sitting in First class and just before take-off, the attendant serving the first-class cabin comes to me, of all people, and asks “Where are you supposed to be sitting”? I was befuddled by her question because I was irrefutably sitting in my assigned seat! I don’t want to jump to conclusions but could her questing have been prompted by the fact that I look more like the average basketball player than the average businessman."
"If I could give American Airlines zero stars I would, but the lowest I can go is a 1/10. Terrible and stressful experience! Worst airline I been on in years. We took a 7 day trip to Turks And Caicos in August. We arrived at Logan International Airport for our flight on August 27 to find out it has been cancelled. I was so irritated and we had to scramble to find another flight, deciding whether or not we would take another flight the next day or book another flight on the same day. Then we decided to book another flight to Chicago. We had to fly to 2 places before we officially got to Turks And Caicos! From Boston to Chicago then from Chicago to Miami and then from Miami to Turks And Caicos! Absolutely terrible. As if this wasn't bad enough, the planes were extremely old, and it looks as though they haven't been cleaned in a long time. Interior of the planes we flew were worn out, dusty and grimy. No personal TV's. The only TV's were those old fashioned TV's hanging from the ceiling every few rows that are largely defunct nowadays I was sitting pretty far away and couldn't even watch what was on there. Seats were old, worn out and very uncomfortable. Food was just terrible. Flight attendants were rude and had a bad attitude, making the flight even more miserable. The bathrooms were small and dirty. The return flight was somewhat better, but still quite unpleasant. We had to go the same route all over again. American Airlines is among the worst airline I have traveled."
"La Paz to London Heathrow via Miami with American Airlines. This was the worst journey ever. Disgusting staff attitude, no personal TV and terrible food. Missed our connection in Miami but their staff couldn't care less. It took us hours to get them to work with us and give us somewhere to stay overnight. We were told we missed the connection due to bad weather conditions, and apparently bad weather conditions is the fault of the passenger! Most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. Cabin crew just seemed like they couldnt be bothered and were rolling their eyes at passengers, signing loudly and treated us very badly. Two staff members even had an argument in front of passengers. So unprofessional. Never fly with American Airlines, they make your journeys thoroughly unpleasant."
"I would give American Airlines no stars if possible, our flight was delayed for a mechanical issue last minute (even though the plane was sitting outside the terminal for 3 hours before the flight). Our delay continued as the pilot informed us we could not leave until the log was signed, that took another 30 minutes. We expressed concern about making our connecting flight, they told us it would be fine. It was not fine, we missed the flight, we landed at 7:00 am in Dallas, the flight was scheduled for a 7:05am take off, they left early at 6:58am. We were sent to 3 different gates trying to get on flights, had to rush with our bags all over the airport and finally had to settle for flying into Reagan rather than BWI where our car was. We agreed to this because the 2 women working with us said the airline would reimburse us the $55 shuttle ride if we wrote to them,. We were not offered a voucher for food at the airport or for a shuttle like we saw other customers being offered. I was just informed by customer service that they will not reimburse as it is not their policy, but they did try to give us two $100 vouchers to use on a future flight. If I was going to fly anywhere within the 1 year they give us to use them, I would not be doing it with American Airlines and $100 will not get you far with their prices. Do yourself a favor and go with a different airline. On top of all this they will put you in the oldest plane they can find for a 7 plus hour trip to and from Hawaii, and no WiFi of course."
"The American Airlines plane was old, dirty and horrid. Birmingham to JFK was a new flight started in May 2015 and they must have taken this plane from the scrap heap. They boarded us on time but sat us on the plane for 2 hours - nothing offered. Finally get going and actually make up a bit of time but then waited on tarmac at JFK for another 1.5hrs. Did we have to rush to get a connecting flight to Orlando. Security at JFK is a nightmare and we got on plane with minutes to spare. Closed the door, taxi out but then everything stopped and sat for another 1.5hrs. Got to Orlando, circle over Daytona for 1 hour land and then yet more time waiting to get to the terminal. We left UK at 0600, and arrived Orlando at midnight. 18 hours on the plane - never again."
"American Airlines from Miami to Milan. This is probably the worst travel experience I can state, to date. The aircraft was extremely old. I arrive to my business class seat with my daughter, it felt like we were on a flight in a third world country and instead of the screen being behind the seat, I was given an old, breaking tablet with some blue tape wrap around the charger (Photo), which cause the tablet to be almost dead throughout this flight. Next we have the bathroom, which I will say is the worst! It was so tight and dirty. The food was disgusting and sloppy (Photo). The seat in front of me, the trim was lifting and not even attach to the seat(Photo). Where I was seating exactly, the air vent was without the turning knob to adjust - just 2 holes! Everything was dirty and I wouldn't recommend American Airlines to anyone."
"I am totally fed up with American Airlines. AA1021 departed Las Vegas without incident and on time. The flight to Dallas/Ft. Worth is only about 2 hours. The A320 can easily fly for over 4 hours. While over Wichita Falls, the pilot announces that he is low on fuel and has to divert to Wichita Falls. Later, the pilot comes over the intercom and tries to explain that it is because of weather around Dallas. Savvy passengers on the flight check this and find there are no current delays at DFW. Why does he not have enough reserve fuel? Maybe the FAA should look into this. Needless to say, we missed our connecting flight to Richmond from Dallas. American Airlines had only 2 customer service reps to process about 125 angry passengers. It was after midnight when we got our new airlines tickets for our continuing flight. Our flight was 9:30AM the next day. American Airlines offered us a hotel, but at our own expense. No food vouchers were ever offered. American Airlines left us stranded waiting for our next flight. This was not the passengers fault. Just saying sorry just doesn't hack it. So this is the new American Airlines? I'm not impressed."
"Minneapolis to Chicago on American Airlines, in Economy class on a vintage MD80. Friendly check-in, where the agent worked with me to avoid the USD 100 surcharge because my hold luggage was initially 8 lbs over American Airlines 50 lbs. limit. This was appreciated. After that the experience became distinctly mediocre. Once boarding was completed the pilot announced that there will be delay due to a maintenance issue that they have not been aware of before. So a packed plane waited for the maintenance issue to be solved, which thankfully “only” lasted 40 minutes. Plane has obviously not been cleaned in MSP, as the seat pocket was full of stuff including used tissues and something sticky and disgusting. Otherwise the flight was uneventful. Legroom was ok due to Economy ExtrAA seats, but service was very average. Flight attendants not exactly unpleasant, but not particularly friendly, either and not doing more than the absolute minimum. No snacks were served (also not expected as this being the US and the flight time was below 90 minutes). Drink service was limited to coffee, water and orange juice, which is pretty poor for a flight of this duration. Bags out fast in ORD with priority bags first. In general the flight as such was OK. Pretty much like taking a bus. However, due to the delay a lot of people were very anxious to reach their connection out of ORD. The only assistance from American Airlines staff seemed to be an announcement to “remain seated, if you do not have a transfer connection to catch”. Sorry state of affairs in the US skies, but American Airlines is still my default airline for domestic flights, as staff normally seem to be willing to assist, if help is needed."
"This flight from New York JFK to Las Vegas was a reward flight using frequent flyer miles, so only cost $10 for me and my partner. However, we were very disappointed with American Airlines service. The flight was delayed from leaving the gate due to a paperwork issue, but the cabin attendants did not do anything to ease our discomfort (the plane was getting hot due to reduced air con while still at the gate). After we got airbourne (2 hours late) the trolley came around with refreshments, but most food items had sold out completely (only nuts or chips remained). We were seated mid aircraft so feel there was never anywhere near enough food in their stock for this 6 hour flight. Also, the trolley only came around once which is not enough on this length of flight in my opinion."
"I ordered a round trip ticket from American Airlines. I revived no confirmation email from them so when it got closer to the flight I had to talk to the customer services. I had an emergency where I could not make the first leg of the flight and they were not cooperative with changing my ticket they suggested I had to pay at \"$200\" plus the fare difference which totaled $600 - so I booked an alternative airline. When I tried to use the return trip of the American Airlines flight they told me it had been canceled because I did not fly the first leg of the flight. My advice would be to pay careful attention to your ticket servicing."
"In August we flew to Hawaii with American. We had first class tickets and we have to say that we are very disappointed with the experience. It is a 5.5 hour flight (like JFK - London) and the first class seats barely recline. Not even a footrest! Now many airlines even on the longer domestic flights have sleeper seats. We usually don't care about the food on the plane, we don't wait to fly to get a good meal, but on the flight from Kona to Lax when asked if \"pizza\" was ok, my husband asked what was the other choice and the answer was \"pizza only\"! At least don't call it First Class. We will never fly American again if we have other choices."
"I was forced to fly from Orlando to Dallas/Fort Worth just get back to Pensacola. It doesn't make any sense to fly over my city just to get back to my city and add four hours. I accepted it and moved on. The reason why I am writing this review is because I arrived at Ft Worth about 15 minutes later than the flight expected. things happen, and I understand that. But when I arrived I almost immediately heard my name over the intercom for a final boarding call to Pensacola. I was told I had 10 minutes to reach the gate or I wouldn't make it. I made it to the gate I was instructed to reach in less than 3 mins. It was the wrong gate. They told me the incorrect gate both on the plane and over the intercom. SO when I finally found airport staff they told me the correct gate. Luckily it was just a few down. I got to it with more than five minutes to spare in my 10 minute time I was given. I walked up to three personnel from American Airlines and they didn't even want to break out of their personal conversation to help me. When I said \"I heard my name, I'm here to get on\" they told me they had just closed the gate and that I would need to be re-booked. The girl who locked me out of the flight didn't even want to help me get re-booked. She pawned it off to another employee as if it was a chore. He didn't even look me in the face the entire time and told me that I would need to fly at 8.30 that night if I wanted to fly today. I asked how to file a complaint. All he said was \"go online\". I will not be flying with American Airlines again."
"Typically American Airlines is my preferred airline, but now that I have had to work with their customer service department I question whether I will ever fly with them again. I was issued a voucher a year ago and it says redeemable at the ticket counter or by calling. As the expiration date approached I contacted them a few days before it expired to inquire about extending it. They said no. This was fine. I located a flight and booked it and then called again (September 2nd) to \"purchase\" the flight. At this point I was informed that I needed to begin my travel on that day or else lose the voucher. This travel requirement had not been previously communicated. Also, I was told they needed 2 weeks processing time so the voucher was no longer any good since I was not able to travel immediately. Had I known I needed to travel by a specific date I would have. If I knew that I needed two weeks to allow them to process the voucher (via mail) I would have gone to the airport directly. The vouchers do not come with these instructions. So I have used their poor website tools to communicate. First, I \"emailed\" customer service with no reply. Second, inadvertently I \"emailed\" \"customer relations\" (who knew they were different?). This second communication got things moving. I was told we have no record of the first email. So I| sent them the tracking number, to which the replied basically, \"oh yea, it's expired. Nothing we can do. Sorry. Keep flying with us though\". I have since resubmitted an \"email\" to them via their website. This is a horrible practice and outright poor communication on behalf of American Airlines."
"I'm extremely disappointed with American Airlines on my flight from Denver to Chicago. It is the first time I have flown with American Airlines. The flight attendants and staff are great, but the promise of wifi (that I ended up paying for and it doesn't work) is very deceiving. One of the reasons I picked this airline is for the WiFi and it doesn't work. And they have already charged my account."
"My American Airlines flight was rescheduled 1hr 20 mins earlier than when I booked it. American Airlines did not notify me, so I missed the flight on Labor Day weekend that really messed things up for me. I wrote to the airline about this, and they replied with an email telling me that it is their policy that customers should check with the airline 24 hours before the flight in case there has been any changes. Other airlines notify customers of changes. On top of that, the rep at the counter was extremely unhelpful and booked me on a flight that I told him wasn't going to work. I had to go to a second rep to get it fixed. I saw the exact same thing happen to another guy. He got out of line after missing the same flight and called the airline to undo what the rep at the counter did without his permission."
"The aircraft was okay considering it was economy but they should definitely allow more leg room. As if that wasn't enough, I was squished by 2 people who were well-rounded. Their legs came about 3-4 inches to my side of the seats. It doesn't sound like much but I was in a very tight space. I can't believe I chose them for my round trip, too. Some staff were nice, but many were rude. In fact, there was a front desk agent who was on his phone the whole time while I needed to get my flight changed. Every time I asked a question, he would answer like he was offended and I'm known to be one of the most polite people out there. He has basically inspired me to write this review. The only reason why they're not a flat out 0/10 is because there was one woman who found my wallet, came back all the way just as I was about to board my flight. If it wasn't for her generosity, I don't know what I would do. But I can definitely say she can move to a better airline considering her qualifications and the level of service she offered."
"American Airlines flight from Frankfurt to Miami on American Airlines. This flight is over 10 hours, and American Airlines thought it would suffice for such an expensive flight to have a plane with about 10 overhead cabin TVs (TVs that are obsolete and not made anymore), No personal TVs on each seat. No plug or usb for charging or wifi - so we can't even use our own personal device to watch or do something else besides watching the 1movie on the overheard TV screens on the plane because we can't charge our devices and will be dead in an hour on a 10 hour flight! I emailed American and they basically told me it was not \"profitable\" enough to have up to date planes for this flight - although it was pretty much sold out! Never again!"
"We flew American Airlines from Los Angeles to Santo Domingo with a connection flight in Miami. All flights were delayed, on of them for fuel while all passengers were already on board. On the flight from Los Angeles to Miami we were on the plane after landing for 55 minutes - supposedly waiting for a gate, and almost missed the connecting flight."
"Chicago to Minneapolis in American Airlines First class (due to upgrade) on an MD80 (an old plane, but seemed well maintained and comfortable for this short flight, with standard First class seats). Flight on time and no drama. Cabin staff in First Class was attentive and trying to give a good experience. Coffee/Drinks and some pre-packaged cookies were distributed for breakfast. Check-in in ORD was slightly weird. I was using economy check-in kiosks, as they were closest to the door where I entered the airport and had no lines. The first two machines did not work and froze immediately. Going to the next machine I was approached by an American Airlines employee and asked if I needed help. “Probably not, if this machine works”. The third machine finally did work. However, I got a lecture by this officious person that American Airlines requires to be at the airport at least two hours before the flight and actually three hours is needed to make the flight. Aside from the fact that he did not know or ask my departure time or flight number or anything else before lecturing me and the whole area was not busy at all, he was just delaying me while doing the check-in. All officious, surly and completely unwarranted. I finished check-in, went through TSA within 15 minutes and still had more than one hour left to wait at the gate before boarding started. Priority bags out first in MSP. Except for this weird encounter during check-in, the flight was ok, but of course no way near a First Class experience. Also, of course good value due to the upgrade."
"I was flying out of Maui and it took several American Airlines agents to figure out how to issue the boarding passes for my family and check our luggage from Maui to Ottawa. We waited from 7.15pm until 8.50pm for them. We were originally scheduled to fly with United as part of a code share with Air Canada. At the airport, when we checked in with UA, they informed us of the changes and sent us to AA counter as our trip from Maui to Los Angeles was now with American Airlines. The agents sent us back to UA. The agent at UA was very helpful, printed the itinerary for us and told us that all the information was in order. In the end, the AA manager made some phone call to figure out how to issue our boarding pass and check in our luggage. They could have done that within the first 20 minutes instead of wasting our 1.5 hours in that hot airport. We did not receive any apology. When they issued our boarding passes, our family of four were split into 3 groups, when there were 3 empty rows (9 seats) at the back of the plane. When I walked to the back of the plane and asked the stewardess about putting me and my husband back there, they said no. My guess was those seats were kept for them to sleep/use for storage during the flight. Crew service was average. It was a red eye flight so there was little service required. The crew did not greet the customers on arrival and departure. I will avoid AA in the future."
"American Airlines is not the airline it used to be and has gone downhill since the merger with US Airways. My wife and I were recently on a smaller plane from Hartford to National and my wife could not make the flight. When I called to see if they would change the flight for her I was told it would cost an additional $200 plus the difference in the cost of the ticket. I expected this and had a fall back of a $60 fare with another airline. Told myself I would enjoy the extra room on the cramped seats with the seat next to me being empty. American Airlines decided to put someone in the seat and after I told them I had paid for it and wanted to use it was told too bad they could take it. So this seat was paid for twice. Once by me and again by another passenger."
"American airlines has gone downhill since the merger, the personnel are rude and unhelpful especially in Phoenix. My most current flight was so cramped. They cut corners and up prices. This flight over the Pacific felt like I was on a flight from the early 90s it was so behind the times in the cabin."
"I am so disappointed in American Airlines and their customer service. On August 26th I left from Vancouver to head to LAX. I was supposed to have a 51 minute layover before I jumped on my next flight to Denver. This was not going to be a problem, I was assured by many staff members that our arrival gate was right next to my departure gate, I did not have any luggage only a carry on, and did not need to go through security, just simply get on the flight. As I boarded my plane, we were told that we would have to sit there for another 45 minutes because LAX was under construction and was not ready for us to arrive at our estimated time. This made my connection now only 25 minutes before departure of my Denver flight, but again I was reassured by staff that this would not be an issue. Upon arrival at 9pm (25 minutes before departure of next flight) the pilot informed us that even though they were aware there were many who needed to run to their connecting flight, we were unable to get off. By the time we got off the plane and ran next door to our gate, American Airlines flight to Denver had already closed the door. I ran to the staff member right away as I was only a minute or two behind the designated \"door closing\" time and was rudely dismissed and told there was nothing that could be done. After waiting 20 minutes, a member came and helped me reschedule my flight for the next morning at 6.30am. Seeing as it was 9.30 pm, I would need accommodation for the night. American Airlines offered zero help with accommodation. In result, seeing as my flight was very early in the morning and I needed to be there the night before, I had to stay at a hotel close by. I contacted AA about this issue, but my complaint and request for reimbursement was dismissed. I will never fly AA again."
"After boarding the American Airlines flight, we were kept on the plane, sitting on the tarmac for 2 hours. There were vague updates every 45 minutes and the flight attendants knew nothing about what the hold-up was. We were told that something minor had to be fixed and then were told that paperwork was being wrapped up but we had to wait another 45-60 minutes for this. Whenever the flight crew made an announcement, it didn't sound like they really knew what was going on. To top off the fact that they kept us trapped on the plane for that long, the flight attendant only came around one time to give us one small glass of water. Then 1.5 hrs after we took off, they offered us another glass of a complimentary beverage (after we took off the plane felt very stable in the air but apparently the pilot ordered that beverage service not start for a long period of time - no reason was provided). Overall, the way American Airlines crew handled this situation was very disappointing. They came off as incompetent. That entire experience was awful."
"I'm one of the passengers of AAL 95 flight that had to leave today August 29th at 10:55 AM heading from Madrid to New York. We had a technical problem half an hour after starting the journey and we have been informed that we returned to Barajas airport to repair it. Once there, just over half an hour later they informed us that the problem was solved but they had to consult with Dallas if the flight crew could conduct in question or not. Minutes later, they told us that regrettably could not make the trip and moved all the passengers to a hotel with expenses paid. Moreover, we confirmed that the flight would leave the next day at 9:00 AM and we had to be at the airport at 6:00 am in order to embark. What is our surprise now, in the hotel where we are staying, they have been placed for a notice explaining that the flight will start tomorrow at 9:00 PM by decision of the pilot. After calling the airline does not give us any reason to delay the flight 12 hours. We have wasted two whole days."
"Customer service non-existent. D and E gates at Charlotte Douglas Airport are a zoo. Planes are old and interiors dirty and in some cases broken seats or tears in the storage pockets - they look tattered and beat. With some exception the flight attendants act like they are doing you a favor with a surly attitude. I will give them the rest of the year to show some improvement and if no, I will switch to one of their competitors."
"I recently flew with my husband and 10 year old daughter and was absolutely appalled with every part of American Airlines, from the staff to the aircraft itself. The customer service was just non existent, the staff were rude and abrupt. The cabin crew were scruffy and had appalling manners. As for the plane itself well where do I start, a 7 hour flight to New York, no TVs , no radio, no inflight entertainment whatsoever. We were given an extremely thin blanket a pillow so small a 2 year old would have struggled to use it. The food was horrendous. When I complained I was told I should have brought my own if I didn't like it. We were offered 2 drinks throughout the whole flight."
"My experience travelling from Quito in Ecuador (UIO) to EWR via MIA with American was truly a very poor experience. Firstly I had a problem with my initial flight to UIO on a different airline but same alliance (One World) on an unlinked itinerary - zero assistance from American - I would be still be in Ecuador only for the help from LAN Ecuador. Rude, unhelpful and petty rule driven check in employees at AA in Quito Airport causing long lines at check in. Old B767 - my standard overhead carry on bag would not fit in the bins. In Flight Entertainment was limited to an old overhead screen about 20\" Poor food offering - meal service took over an hour to be cleared and there was no further beverage service through the flight. Had to ask for Blanket and Pillow. Cabin Crew who went through the motions but were not engaged with passengers. Glad to get off the AA plane and hope that I never have to fly American Airlines again."
"Scheduled flight to leave on Sunday August 16, 2015 from Sea/Tac at 1:31pm. The plane that we were going to use pulled up to pick us up. Then some \"newly hired flight attendant\" activates the slide - see the photo. Evidently once the slide has been deployed out the side of the plane, you can't just poke it back in and fly away. Also, who would have guessed that there isn't a backup plane available. So now we have to wait until 8pm for another plane to fly from Dallas to pick us up. Does it take 6 hours to fly from Dallas to Seattle? I think not. We are notified that we will miss all our connecting flights. The next seats available to Des Moines aren't until Tuesday or Wednesday. Well that isn't going too well with our employers, so we negotiate through a supervisor with \"finance\" to get reimbursement should we fly to another city and take ground transport home. BTW, we were offered snacks for sale and a movie headphone for sale while we were on our flight with 200 passengers that also sat at the airport all day waiting for this flight. Absolutely rude. Okay so we were up all night flying and arrived in nearby city at 9:30am on Monday so we could drive home 2 more hours. We were sleep deprived but finally home around noon on Monday. Sent email asking for refund for airline tickets and ground transport. We are being offered a voucher for airline tickets with American and nothing for ground transport. They say because we took a flight to another destination that they don't pay for ground transport."
"This is an impressive and smooth aircraft and I had waited months to my first AA787 experience. For that reason I flew from NY to Buenos Aires via DFW. I've flown other 787s and this aircraft's first impression is created by the incredible effect of its smart lighting and design. Boarding AA's 787 from DFW to EZE was nothing like it. The cabin was quite dark and it felt very cold and claustrophobic. Overall the crew showed a lack of knowledge of the product and did not know how to help passengers enjoy the excellent experience flying a 787 is in itself. AA's 787 has, in my opinion, very decent and comfortable seats (I slept over 7 hours) and great personal space. But entertainment did not work for a portion of the flight and crew members did not seem to know how to fix it. Service was very slow and very impersonal and it seemed as if it was short of 1 or even 2 crew members. There was nothing memorable about the food, but who flies AA for its culinary virtues? So it was ok. Although I did not pre-order my breakfast before falling sleep, I was fully awake when that service started, yet they skipped me, and I was informed that because I did not tell them a few hours prior that I wanted to eat in the morning, they might not have much left for me (at the end I was served the full meal). I loved being on this aircraft and will look forward to my next flight in it. Too bad AA is missing the opportunity of incorporating decent service to an amazing aircraft in order to deliver the wow factor of other carriers' 787 operation. Beautiful brand new plane and very smooth ride with the poor service of and old 767-200."
"This summer my family and I took a vacation to see Europe. We chose an overnight flight so that our children could sleep and the first row so that we could have more room and be comfortable. Needless to say my girls fell asleep and my two year old laid down under our feet on the floor and fell asleep. The seat belt sign was on pretty much the whole flight with no turbulence. My two year old, as mentioned before, was completely out of the way so passing people and airline staff had a clear path way but I was continually harassed instead of helped by staff telling me that policy states she can not be on the floor with the seat belt sign on. Thus, I had to wake up a peacefully sleeping child who then cried and disturbed others. If I could have come up with a better solution I would have but the hand rests on these new planes do not move up in the front row due to there being TV's in them and the seats only go back so far. On the flight back the movie was acting up and instead of going to check to see if it could be fixed they just said that nothing could be done about the bad quality of the movie. This is not the first time I have had such an experience with American Airlines. Their customer service is terrible and they should be ashamed of treating customers that way and have a little more compassion for traveling parents with children."
"Business class? Are you kidding. Seats were wider than economy but that's it. No more reclinable or comfortable than coach. The only half decent perk was the food because it was warm vs. the humiliating sandwich offered in coach. The movies were free in business but I can't believe that they charge for movies in coach on an international 6 hour flight."
"Admiral Club Lounge in JFK terminal 8 was decent, truly nothing special with limited drinks and food served without additional charge. Business class seats onboard the 777 were comfortable and one could easily spend even a bit longer flight browsing the sufficient entertainment selection on the flat screen tv. Food was ok, dinner nothing special but breakfast with lots of fresh fruit and berries great. Cabin crew were mostly very bored, even rude. Hardly any smiles to be seen and no real passion to make ones flight a real experience. Won't spend my money on American again, if I can choose something else instead."
"Poor overall compared with other flights, particularly the BA one we got from Manchester to Heathrow then to Washington on the way out to the US. The flight was delayed overall by at least an hour, we spent the majority of the delay time sat waiting to set off due to a \"Minor repair\" which was announced by the pilot over the tannoy once we were on board quite some time later. Our delay continued probably due to missing our take off slot, it wasn't clear because no-one really explained what was happening. Within this time period, the cabin crew turned up and suggested we should move to another seat, we'd been settled into our seats for 20-25 minutes and had chosen seats towards the rear of the plane close to the toilets. When we tried to reserve a seat together before flying, it was fairly limited at the time and we were happy enough to be here however the lady suggested they'd be making a lot of noise behind us and would probably be bashing about around the seats as it appeared they'd used up the back row for their stuff and seating, we said this was OK initially but she continued to prompt us to move, we started to do so with us having to start moving and packing up our stuff, there wasn't much in the way of help on offer and we were made to feel like we were causing more of an inconvenience by booking ahead to get our seats, no suggestion of where were going was made initially which resulted in us moving without our stuff and in the end all the confusion and messing about just raised our stress levels. It appeared in the end that some of the cabin crew had taken up the seats around us and thankfully some of the crew, particularly one of the younger female crew members and another gentleman were very courteous and offered help with a clearly very upset passenger, the other more senior staff could do to perhaps follow their lead as their idea of customer service was far below expected. Aside from this, this particular plane had screens above rather than individual ones on the back of the seats, one film was offered, food was OK, same usual fare, I assume from the amount of chatter about drinks I heard that there was a shortage of certain drinks, particularly beer at one point. Generally, I'm disappointed as this is one of the longest and one of the most expensive flights I've been on. I've flown on the more notoriously bad budget airlines and still found that despite all the shortcomings at least the staff seem to care and they also seem to be a bit more apologetic about late flights, I don't think I'd use American Airlines again if there was another choice."
"In all surprise by the low level of the service provided. Flight on time, and check in and on ground service ok. Once on board, FA desinterested. No a single smile. Robotic service provided. Food ok, but not great, Wine service basic. Welcome drink on a plastic cup. Seat on the 767 comfortable, lie-flat. Terminal 8 in NY easy to walk and fast passport and customs clearance."
"Unbelievably poor service, communication, and accommodation provided by the AA staff in Chicago. After delayed flight from Traverse City, MI, my flight from Chicago to San Diego was also delayed. Very little communication at the gate by staff, as we watched the monitor change the departure time over and over again. First a delay of two hours, then half an hour, then two minutes here, 10 minutes there and before you know it, the flight was delayed until 11 pm. This was extremely frustrating to be strung along for so long. At the very last second, the gate crew made an unintelligible announcement that our flight was being rerouted to LAX. This created chaos and provided only minutes for people to try and make arrangements at their final destinations before boarding and take off. Announcements were difficult to hear and brusquely delivered. On the plane, the crew was perfunctory and unhelpful. The reason for the rerouting was that the San Diego airport would be closed at midnight and we would not make it in time. I am sure the airline staff knew this and could have provided that information in a much more timely fashion than it did. Very disappointing to be treated with such disrespect, disregard and callousness. A bus was provided for the final leg to San Diego, making the trip a grueling all night, uncomfortable affair. My last flight with AA."
"I took 4 flights with them, 3 of them were late by a minimum of 2 hours. My eticket mentioned the wrong time for the flight from Sao Paolo to Miami and if I had not checked the day before I would have missed it. In Miami there were over 300 passengers waiting to board when we were told that they did not have a plane. When I expressed surprise at this fact I was told that I could walk if I was not happy with the situation. The staff in general were not helpful apart from a wonderful woman in Sao Paolo who sorted out my luggage effectively. The other passengers had sorry tales of missed connections and rudeness from staff. The only positive thing I can say is that my luggage was not lost. Altogether an experience I do not want to repeat."
"A truly dreadful aircraft, older than most of the people on board. Took this flight for convenience to Manchester and expected a decent business class standard. Everything was below standard, the seat, the inflight entertainment (there are no personal screens on this aircraft), in business we are given a tablet. American Airlines obviously do not value Manchester based passengers as this aircraft should have been replaced or updated years ago. Even one of the crew said they had requested to be taken off the route as there are so many technical issues with this aircraft. For info I am writing this awaiting the return flight which has just been delayed by an hour due to local weather in Chicago whilst most other flights are leaving on time, again American don't value Manchester customers, and they should be ashamed of all of the above."
"Minimal room between seats. I could not open or use my laptop as the person in front of me reclined their seat, but I could easily rest me head on the back of their seat, it was that close. Served a single beverage. Arrived on-time and tried to get on a flight that left for Syracuse 4 hours eariler. Since I am not a premier American flyer in this airlines computers I was not allowed to board even though there were several empty seats according to the agent. Called customer service and was told the same thing. American Airlines cost me four hours of my day just because I was not a premier flyer?"
"I am once again reminded how horrible American Airlines has become. I flew this route many years in the 70s and 80s when American Airlines knew how to treat their customers. Now you can expect delays, pray that you get your luggage and brace yourself for rude agents and almost no assistance with any problems related to delays or connections. As I head back on the last leg of this trip, I vow to never fly American Airlines again. I will take a direct flight on Jet Blue to Newark and make the drive to Syracuse. Other airlines have learned customer service. American Airlines has not."
"If I could sum my AA experience in one word that it is disappointing. The Boeing 757 was really old. You could tell the aircraft was at least 20 years old by looking at the seats. American Airlines is promising a lot of new aircraft and improved hard product (one new aircraft every week) but I've done a lot of travelling over the past month (Miami-St. Maarten, St. Maarten-Miami, Miami-Los Angeles, Las Vegas-Miami) and only got to fly on a new Airbus A319 once. That was also disappointing because you had to pay both for the entertainment and the food. The inflight WiFi worked and offered three options: GoGo InFlight: Pay to browse the internet, check e-mails, etc. Prices like $4 for half an hour. Not bad. American Airlines Entertainment you can rent a movie for $5-$7. Ridiculous. Two free movies were available but none of them would play."
"I knew not to expect too much from AA, but wanted to make my own judgement. I can just confirm the opinion of the majority of the other reviewers. Old plane, pretty cold cabin crew, basically no inflight entertainment, meal not worth it, coffee and wine just awful. The only plus points - good connecting time to my final destination (ORD) and we were on time."
"To start off they were overbooked, and I was not even sure I had a ticket until last minute. The seats are rock hard, and I ended up standing half of the flight. I was supposed to be on a Korean Air flight, and that is how it was labeled, but there was nothing Korean Air about this long and horrible flight. I had fourteen hours in a seat that was so uncomfortable. The entertainment was rubbish, and there was little choice in movies. You could not pause a movie once you started it, you could only stop it and start it all over again. The remote on my seat would not go back into the holder and I had to force it back in. There were not enough bathrooms and always a line. I would never consider this airline if I was flying over three hours again."
"On hold for 20-30 min about my missing checked luggage at this writing. My miserable experience began with their two competing online sites - one to make reservation thereafter just to be told to use other site to select seats, asking me for a \"locator\" code which wasn't given in the first instance. After much struggles and hassles connecting by phone with life agent adding a child to my travelling party, and entering payment info, screen got stuck at \"please wait a moment while processing etc\" through the night. Next morning I finally woke up to the idea of installing their Android app on my smart phone. When at long last I managed to reach the seating plan, the two last remaining economy seats I selected were no more and I was left with having to pay extra for the extra legroom seats. Upon boarding I was appalled by the aged aircraft and obsolete amenities. No individual screens, no plug-ins for phones, not even basic earphones provided unless you pay $5. Both featured movies were 2nd rate and displayed on some heavy CRT suspended units which emitted a very annoying glare during the red-eye flight. The extra legroom was not worthwhile or all that noticeable, as an equally crucial attribute was the lateral tightness of the seats which caused the usual shoulder-rubbing and sleeplessness. It was all-in-all was a strange throw-back to the 70s. For a flight of such duration, there was only one serving of drinks but even then, no snack of any sort. There were no pillows, but some left-over garbage from an earlier flight in the seat pocket. I arrived at baggage claim before others and there was a very long interlude for belt to start moving. Eventually after a prolonged and futile watch, my checked luggage was never forthcoming so I headed to their baggage service to report missing luggage. Luckily agent was helpful and wait wasn't long to write up the delayed baggage claim. However I was perturbed by the sheer number of displaced/delayed baggage affecting over hundred other passengers. An agent finally picked up my call after 35 minutes wait. Their online baggage status still has no update on my luggage where-about. Agent could not give any reason why, despite luggage was being checked over an hour and a half prior to flight departure."
"Service was shocking. The flight from MIA-CUN was delayed due to a thunderstorm which grounded all aircrafts and closed the airport. American Airlines had informed passengers and since there was nothing which could be done, we waited in lounge for boarding to begin. Upon boarding aircraft, the FA's offered drinks and that's where the hospitality ended. After takeoff they came around once more with drinks, and packaged snacks. Afterwards, they stood in the gallery gossiping rather loudly and complaining about the airline (found it rather off putting). On the return leg, similar service. Loud FA's, packaged snacks and less than mediocre service. Older planes on both legs, but they were clean and seats were comfortable. Check-in in CUN was quick and efficient."
"Arrived at the airport 2.5 hours ahead of my scheduled departure. When I arrived at the ticket counter to check my bag, I was advised my flight had been cancelled at some point late last night or early in the morning due to a flight crew issue. I was placed on a flight that was four hours later than my original flight. All other flights were full so I had to enjoy my six hour visit at the airport. My complaint is for this reason only, other airlines I fly give you email updates when a flight is delayed or cancelled. If American Airlines had taken this approach I could have possibly made another reservation or at least, hung out in my hotel for another four hours. Instead I had to hang out in an airport for six hours."
"Onboard we were told the aircraft had mechanical problem ant we have to disembark and go to another similar plane on another gate. Everybody boarded to this alternative plane with no air conditioning in the hot August in Texas evening. The destination airport was also changed. After waiting more than 1.5 hrs in the plane we told by the crew that plane is going nowhere, and we will be given hotel vouchers until the flight next morning. Everybody got off the plane. The hotel given to us had no shuttle running. We were told that ever 15 minutes shuttle pass by the hotel. We had to hire a private van to get to the hotel. It was already 12 midnight with my four children and wife with one of the most miserable trips of my life. Our next flight was at 7:30am but no hotel shuttle until 6 AM. We had to pay again to hire a cab to the airport. Will never ever travel again with American Airlines."
"American Airlines delayed my flight for 3 hours because they didn't have the \"proper crew with experience to fly from San Jose to Dallas\". I finally get to Dallas and they have canceled my flight to Houston for weather reasons. Other airlines would have delayed the flight as the weather passes. The 3 times I've had to fly them it's been the same experience."
"The flight back from Tokyo was awful. My in-flight entertainment was broken, they tried resetting it 3 times but it never worked. No music, movies, TV, games, nothing. Just a green screen the whole flight. The food was disgusting. Drinks and snacks were offered sparsely. I emailed American in regards to my in-flight entertainment being inoperable and received a basic \"sorry, your experience doesn't qualify for any sort of compensation.\" The American Way magazine advertised our 777-200 with WiFi however WiFi was not available to us. Overall the worst experience I've had aboard an airplane."
"I actually flew American four different times in one week, and experienced significant delays each trip, resulting in my not reaching my destination until 3 to 4 hours after the time I was originally supposed to arrive. The airline was completely unapologetic about the delays, which caused problems with rental cars and also made the entire travel experience exhausting. I will not fly this airline again. In addition, the airline charges for everything - wifi, baggage, snacks, even additional foot space."
"A dirty and smelly plane, horrible food, dreadful coffee, and bad American Airlines service. Separated from my partner because the flight was overbooked - buying your tickets 8 months beforehand is apparently not enough. First time and last time ever with American Airlines, I have had a better experience in a low cost Russian Tupolev."
"Missed my flight. Been on standby all day. They were letting several American Airlines staff on every standby flight, totally disregarding the customers. Don't ever miss your flight with American Airlines. You will not be compensated or put on first availability standby. You will be at the airport for hours or maybe even days. Zero customer service. They are better about customer service on the phone versus in person at the airport. American Airlines tried to make me check my bag which clearly fits the carry on size and I threw a fit. They didn't make me pay for my bag only because my departure time was coming up."
"Prior to take off the air hostesses wandered the aisles for what looked to be a general safety check. Not the case it would appear. Passenger next to me had their seatbelt undone, tray table down balancing an open drink? The row in front had their armrests up with seats reclined. Across the aisle passengers had their sun shade down while using their cell phone. This was just within 3 rows."
"This was our first time in first class and the experience was horrific! We flew to Montego Bay from Killeen Tx and when we arrived, our luggage did not. It would've been ok if they were courteous and respectful but they were horrible. We arrived at Montego Bay at 3.55pm and didn't get to speak with anyone about our luggage until 6.15 pm because the person who was suppose to be at our counter (AA) was \"busy assisting someone else\" as they kept telling us. When we did speak with someone, they informed me that our luggage was still in Dallas but will arrive first thing in the morning. We were excited to hear that and continued on to our resort. First thing in the morning came and went, afternoon came and went, evening came and went. We had the hotel call the airport (we tried calling ourselves but the room phone wouldn't properly dial out the 800 number) they were told the luggage would be here soon. Our luggage came at 11 pm the second night we were there. Our vacation was only for 6 days, two days have already passed when we received it. No one knows why we didn't get it until and when the resort called they kept lying (AA representative) and said it was already on its way and would be here in two hours. We heard two hours for two days. Fast forward 8 days. We used AA once again for our trip to Aruba which was 8 days after this first disaster. When we go to check in (again first class/business class) the airline double booked us and had us flying to multiple locations. AA rep informed us we would have to check in at counter. We went to check in at the counter and it took us TWO hours, yes two hours to fix our reservations. I am traveling with my SO who is a disabled veteran (we both are veterans) who was told he had to stand those two hours because they didn't have a wheelchair available for him. It takes AA two hours to issue us tickets and then they change our flights making our stay in Aruba airport 4 hours. When I expressed how disappointed we were the AA rep informed me that this is the norm for AA. He said we shouldn't be complaining about only waiting two hours to get our tickets printed. He was rude along with the manager who kept talking in Spanish. We fly often, very often using American Airlines and we are embarrassed for you guys treating customers this way."
"My 3.5 hour flight was scheduled to depart at 5am going to Dallas. Ground crew announced the flight was overbooked. Many passengers were on standby which caused some problems. Boarding was chaotic and unorganized but fortunately managed to close the doors on time. The aircraft was their new A321. Cabin was clean, seats are ok with IFE and legroom is spacious. Take off was smooth. To my horror we had to pay in order for us to watch a movie and even use the wifi. For the whole flight nobody served drinks to passengers. A lot of the passengers were complaining. Flight attendants were at the back chatting."
"US Airways now merged into American Airlines does not seem to have made much effort into improving service! Despite a good aircraft and a well extended network, with an IFE not functioning on my seat and a crew with a \"it's just a job\" attitude, the experience was unpleasant!"
"We were delayed 2.5 hours in the airport. Then when we do board we sit in the airplane for another hour with no updates as to what was going on. Finally the captain tells us the flight crew \"timed out\" and we have to return to the terminal. We waited another 20 minutes to get in to the terminal and were told to go to the help desk to reschedule. We returned to the line containing about 4 separate flights worth of people. They would only put us on AA flights so we were very limited. We received no compensation or food vouchers and were forced to sleep at the airport. The next day we caught our flights and though we were told our baggage would be in Philadelphia to meet us, it was not. We had to wait in another long line to give our information to have it delivered."
"Every single one of my flights was either delayed or canceled. It took me over 10 hours past my flight time just to get out of Boston. I was promised another connecting flight since American made me miss my original flight because they didn't have a document giving them flight clearance (it took them over 2 hours just to get a piece of paper that said we could take off faxed over). I get in to Chicago and I'm told that I can't get on the connecting flight (over booked of course). They put me on a plane that leaves 14 hours later. I am refused a hotel voucher even though it was Americans's fault I missed my flight. I had to sleep in a cold airport terminal by myself and wasn't even offered a food voucher or given an apology."
"Our flight from MAN to JFK was cancelled due to engine issues which resulted in us having to rebook and we ended up flying via LHR. Our rebooked flight was with British Airways which was much better as they offered individual inflight entertainment systems unlike American who are still on an old system of overhead TVs. Our flight back from JFK was delayed and when we eventually got on board the aeroplane was quite possibly the oldest plane I have been on with a cabin crew to match. After 10 minutes the pilot informed us that a member of American Airlines staff had attempted to open the cabin door when it had already been locked which resulted in the life raft falling off the plane! We had to all disembark and after an hours wait we were told our flight was cancelled and we would need to rebook. We were put on flight the next day via Dublin which resulted us being over 24 hours late home. Appalling service and we will never travel with them again."
"We flew from Boston, MA to St. Thomas U.S.V.I. on July 14th 2015. Flight #1619 from Boston to Miami was our first leg of the trip and that went smoothly. Then we got onto flight #2421 from Miami to St. Thomas. It was delayed a half hour. We landed in St. Thomas still being able to make our ferry to Tortola. However, it took 1 hour and 45 minutes for all of our luggage to be deplaned. During this time three other planes landed, all of their luggage was sorted out and the passengers from those planes left the terminal. We found one of our pieces of luggage was still in Miami. Our flight came in at 3.30pm, originally supposed to land at 2.57pm. It is well know that ferries stop running from Charlotte Amalie at 4.30pm. American should have done everything in its power to get people on their way. At least one third of the passengers were in the same situation as us. Four others lost baggage. My son spent the next morning trying to reconnect with his luggage and were told we would have to make a trip to the ferry terminal to pick it up. Now on to our flight home, July 25th 2015, we arrive at the airport three hours before our flight. The six of us were flying from St. Thomas to Philadelphia, PA on flight 837 leaving at 3.05pm. We arrived at the airport at 11.45am. We went to the kiosk and got our plane tickets and then joined the extremely long line (1.5 hours), at the ticket counter, just to get our luggage tags."
"Be well warned that if you cross the Atlantic with American Airlines, they are likely to put you on a small 3x3 plane with absolutely no entertainment system. I was charged $85 for a few pounds luggage overweight where practically any other airline crossing the Atlantic would have let me pass through with it."
"My flight was scheduled to leave at 7.45 to Newark after it was delayed twice, we finally boarded close to 9pm. The staff did not give a reason as to why the flight was delayed and then told me that all other flights to Newark were booked up."
"Because of a delay caused by weather we missed a connecting flight. However thats' not the issue. We arrived at Chicago late and missed a connection to Greenbay. We were put on a standby flight to be told that it was unlikely that we would get on. This was a Sunday evening. When we pressed for information about the next flight, we were told that this might be 8.30pm on Tuesday, as if this were not a problem. Pardon, not a problem! A family of three in the middle of Chicago, stranded for 3 days. There was no help at all. No useful information as to where we might go, what we could do, what transport we might be able to get. We were stranded and they did not give any assistance at all. It was a crisis for us."
"This review is about their ridiculous process to get credited for miles on their and their partners flights. Last week, it took me all of ten minutes to ask United to credit me for flights I flew on SAS Airlines, and all of two days to credit my account. I flew Iberia Airlines in November - filled out my request for miles from American in December - didn't hear anything by March. So I asked again, and now I have been asked for receipt, name, boarding passes, and advantage number - three of which I have provided, and the receipt is really moot at this point. Honestly, I believe this whole issue is because I have an apostrophe in my last name. Every time I tried to add my AA number to the reservation before I left, I was told, \"The last names don't match\". This is ridiculous."
"I cannot think of one good reason to fly American Airlines in the future. I cannot think of one reason to keep any credit card that only allows redemption on American as well. Customer service is becoming almost fight as they are not willing to negotiate or explain or accommodate customers anymore. I paid 178.00 cash to buy three thousand aadvantage miles for a $200 ticket, due to all the fees, they even rewarded me 5,000 miles for my purchase. Every single customer service rep I spoke with told me I should read all their fine print online to add up the fees prior to booking. I could not cancel even within the first 5 minutes. They are aggressive and used tactics trying to make me feel I was inadequate in my booking purchase. Yikes. No reason to fly with them again, their prices are not competitive and their rewards program is not user friendly nor offers half as many perks as other airlines."
"I gave AA a one star rating because I had to choose something. Otherwise, I would have given it a negative. This was my worst flying experience and my children's first flying experience. We were supposed to fly out Sunday morning at 7.45 am and due to a mechanical issue the flight was delayed (at first) and ended up getting cancelled. The next flight out was full, so we had to take the next available flight at 4.45. Spent all day at the airport waiting to start our Orlando vacation. I was thinking this would be the worst part of our trip - but it wasn't. On the way home - our flight was delayed yet again. We flew out 2 hours after our original flight was scheduled, which caused us to miss our connecting flight in Chicago. There were no later flights, so we had to stay overnight. When I asked them about a room, along with many other passengers, we were given a discounted rate at a hotel 15 miles from the airport. The discounted rate was $75 and they didn't offer to pay for a cab (the shuttle wasn't running this late). Rather than taking the room, we slept at the airport. Definitely not what you wish for your children's first flying experience."
"The aircraft was old and dirty. The cabin crew did not engage with passengers, (they only seemed interested in chatting to each other about their layover in London). The aircraft was freezing cold but they refused to notice that the passengers were wrapped up in hoodies and blankets even though passengers complained. Tickets are expensive and additional charges are applied for a second suitcase, if you want to choose a seat and $9 for an alcoholic spirit! The food was nothing short of disgusting. Many passenger bought their own packed lunches. The IFE was like something out of the 70's. Overhead monitors with no choice of movie. Tiny in-ear headsets were begrudgingly handed out to passengers unfortunate enough not to have brought their own. American Airlines are complaining about unfair completion from middle east airlines. Given the choice I would fly on Emirates or Qatar every time!"
"Every time I fly on an American Airlines they lose my luggage, and the planes are always broken. On my way back to MO last time, the plane was delayed in Phoenix for 4 hours, before they finally switched us to a new plane. They still managed to mess up getting my luggage back that night. This time, my flight left an hour late because of AC issues. When we land in Dallas for my transfer, I went from a 45 minute layover, to run as fast as I could to catch my gate. Got there as the door was closing. Turns out that didn't matter, because there was an issue with this plane too. Apparently, one seat was not functioning. I will never fly AA again."
"It took 37 hours to get to our destination. It was suppose to take 18, or so. My confirmed booked tickets, for my wife and I had two transfers. One in Dallas and one in London. In the end it was 3. Our plane to Heathrow was late and we missed our transfer, so when we got off our plane at Heathrow an American employee gave us new transfer tickets and told us to hurry to our next gate to catch it. So we ran to the next gate which took 30 minutes (Heathrow). When we got there my wife looked at the tickets and the layover was 4 hours. So why did the employee have us run? Because the flight was to Florence, not Pisa and they probably didn't want us to notice. So we went back through security (1.5 hours, Heathrow) and we got new tickets through American through British Airways to Pisa. We had about an hour wait after another run through security (1.5 hours) and back to the proper gate. So why didn't American put us on this flight in the first place? They work with British Airways to get customers to Pisa! Since we got back I contacted American about this issue, they sent us a voucher for $200 for a luggage mess up on the way home. It didn't have anything to do with the sending us to the wrong city."
"I am a US college student currently in Buenos Aires, Argentina. I was traveling from Columbus, Ohio with connections in Washington and Miami. I board in Columbus without any problems however once on board I dealt with rude flight attendants. The flight to Washington arrives to DCA on time, I had enough time to board my flight to Miami, where I boarded without any problems but once again faced rude flight attendants. Arrive in Miami 20 minutes delayed where I was called up to the counter by an agent where I was asked to switch seats with another passenger because a family was traveling. I paid extra for this seat because all that was left was the preferred seating, I asked the agent if I would be moved to a preferred seat, she said yes. I get in line to board and am told rudely that I was in boarding group 4 and that they were only boarding group 1 at the moment. I paid extra to be in boarding group 1 and will never again switch seats with someone. Finally am able to board and the safety video plays on the screen on the backs of the seats. The pilot comes over saying that there are two minor problems that need to be taken care of before we can take off. After waiting for over an hour the pilot comes back over the intercom again to explain that we need to deplane. So we got off the plane and wait at the gate for another hour before we are finally told that the flight won't leave until 11.30 the next morning. After waiting forever to speak to the ticket agent and was only offered a transportation voucher. I had to pay for a hotel in Miami."
"American is usually okay for me but they aggravated me this time around. I'm assuming the airlines set the flight times. We had a 2 hour layover which is usually enough time but due to the size and unecessary complexity I already reviewed the airport separately) of Miami airport, it was not enough time and we had to run to make final boarding call. I feel like an airline should understand times and how each airport is and should not schedule flights if they know it will be almost impossible for their customers. We were so close to not making it even though we were responsible with booking the layover times. If there is such a risk of passengers not making it don't schedule flights for those times! Part of the problem was the need to claim baggage and recheck it which we were not informed of when we booked the flights. It took far too long for our baggage to come and there was no one around to answer questions about whether or not more baggage was coming. Then after running to make it we still didn't take off on time. We sat for 30 mins at the gate while they fixed some problem in cargo. Some smaller complaints: they did not serve snacks on any of their flights for this trip and they did not show any good entertainment. They kept showing show after show instead of movies and not any good shows either that are popular."
"Anytime I have ever flown with American Airlines there has always been a way to go above and beyond of making flight travel as miserable as possible. I'll give American Airlines the benefit of doubt. Not all of the people who work for American Airlines are rude. They will acknowledge you if you are persistent and polite enough. When I was at the Denver Airport I was not impressed with the agents. The flight crew did their best to help me. They were able to inform me that I would miss my connecting flight to Pittsburgh. There was only one agent who seemed to address my issue in concise and respectful manner - other agents were rude. I don't need outstanding customer service."
"I haven't flown with AA for a while and my July flight to AA is the most horrible experience I have ever had. The aircraft is not clean and new compared to other airlines like UA or JetBlue. On my flight from Dallas to New York City, I was asked to check my carry on baggage before boarding (I am the last few to board) saying there is no enough over seat space. But after boarding the airplane, I found that there are much more space near my seat and there is no need to check my carry on. On my experience with JetBlue, the flight attendee will arrange the carry bag space for you."
"My plane was diverted from DFW to Shreveport, LA, left on the tarmac for almost 3 hours and then abruptly cancelled. No flights out meant that everyone was stuck and no rental cars were available. No help w/ hotel costs or car rental. Will never fly American again"
"We were set to travel from Vegas to Dallas then to Orlando then to Gatwick. The nightmare started on our first flight, flight was delayed due to cabin crew being late, when we got to Dallas we had missed our connection due to the previous flight delay, we then get told we can go on the next flight but it was fully booked so we would be put on standby. We made them aware we had more connections to get to, they couldn't of cared less! After my partner explaining we needed to get home due to commitments etc they put us on a direct flight, after they booked it then told us it was to Heathrow airport which is 45 mins from where our car was in Gatwick. Advised that the airline would pay for our bus journey so we took it. When we arrived in Heathrow our nightmare continued as American airlines had now lost our luggage. When we realised the luggage was missing we went to a help desk just to file a report and to be told to go home and our luggage should arrive later that day and all will be ok. Well I've been home a day now and numerous phone calls to American Airlines have not been helpful to us."
"Flight from Boston to O'Hare, fair to good. Basic experience. AA did not handle the flight delay well in O'Hare - assigning late inbound pilots who were near time-out for active service on an already delayed departure flight to an airport with a curfew time. O'Hare frequently has runway holds and queues to make things even later. We ultimately returned to a different gate due to timed-out pilots for our now cancelled flight but then they didn't have the staffing available to open the gate and get us started with rescheduling flights for an additional 20 minutes - blowing any chance of catching some of the last flights to Southern California for the night. It was just one setback after another. My recommendation, if your flying AA - stick with the hub in DFW, at least they may have the extra resources there to keep things moving. I was dumbfounded by the decision tree and mitigation process for the not so uncommon event of a cancelled flight at O'Hare. No hotel help, a silly dinner voucher for some restaurant that might be open in the terminal after midnight, and just not a whole lot of explanation. Yes, the rain did cause part of the delay, but really no responsibility was attributed to the airline for the other factors that weighed into the cancellation. I am now flying home on a competitor along with at least 5 others I recognize from that fateful night."
"A depressing experience. Flight delayed nearly 4 hours with no explanation. We went through a secondary security check so water purchased after primary security was confiscated. I should be grateful that AA takes security seriously but several people came through that check with water not found by the baggage checkers. The cabin crew were rude, unfriendly and very unapproachable especially when we needed water. There were passengers in the front seats who we assumed were airline employees. They were given priority treatment with much joking with the crew. All very unprofessional. At take-off and landing there was very little attempt to ensure seat-belts fastened or seats upright. To get on to a British Airways ongoing from Miami was a true joy."
"Flew from Vegas to Chicago O'Hare, en route to Buffalo. Was informed via voicemail my next flight was delayed and then another canceling. I called the given number to get booked for the next flight it was not until 8.30 am. She said I would get info through email that never came. They had cots present to sleep on but failed to mention they wake you up at 4am. Sat at my gate for 4 hours just to find out they had changed it without me knowing about it so I had to run to my next gate. I got there with 10 minutes to spare but they closed the gate, would not let me on, and said that my ticket had not been issued when I had it present on my phone. Next flight was not until 3 pm, luckily was on standby at 12 pm where I managed to get on an \"overfull\" plane last minute. Arrived home 14 hours later than I paid for. Used their gogo service and paid $6 for a movie that cut off after 30 minutes, no refund. They don't even offer complimentary peanuts on a 4 hour flight. Never will fly with them again."
"Our flight was delayed 5 hours due to a bad computer part. We were repeatedly given inaccurate information about the length of the delay. Told AA had to get the part from UA, then told part had to be flown in. Then part was on UA plane in hangar. Told it would take 5 minutes to swap out. Took an hour to remove, another hour to install and then testing began. After 2 hours of delay, given $12 meal voucher. You can't even buy a pre-made sandwich at ORD for that amount. Missed our connection and the rebooked one too. Trip that should have been 16 hours to my home took 24 hours. AA gave me 5000 air miles, which costs them nothing."
"First they changed my flight time in London so my layover was 5 hours, then I get to Chicago and they wait until the last minute to change the gate which was a 15 walk from the original gate. They changed my flight time there to another 5 hour layover then the flight was delayed again to leave at 9 pm. Because of AA my travel time was 31 hours in length with no apologies. No one wants to help or answer any questions they don't care about the passenger I will never fly AA again."
"Awful plane, dirty, very cold, unresponsive crew. I am platinum with this lot but it is out of necessity. American Airlines really is the bottom of the barrel."
"Firstly, the transatlantic flight from BHX to JFK had no IFE, the staff service was inefficient and toilets dirty. Why on earth use a glorified 737 for long haul? After the flight from NYC to Dallas, which was delayed by 1hr, the final leg - Dallas to Lima was the same as above - with the added extra of a broken AC socket. Now I have found out that American have taken us off the return flight of MIA to JFK (then BHX) and given us a detour of MIA to ORD, ORD to JFK, so now have 3 stopovers, without notifying us. Awful."
"This was the worst experience I have had with an airline and if at all possible, I will choose another airline for my next travel plans. We had a delay and then cancelation going to Montego Bay and the same (but worse) on the return flight. On the return home, we missed our connecting flight in Charlotte because there was congestion on the runway. The next flight was not for three hours. Then that plane was late and needed repairs, so after seven hours in the airport, we finally got on a plane to fly the 45 minutes from Charlotte to Atlanta. The airline offered us nothing, no vouchers or anything else, for causing us to miss our connecting flight. We just got attitude from the employees."
"We arrived at Reagan Airport from LaGuardia to connect to an 8.40 am flight to Los Angeles. Predictably, the flight was late arriving, which was fine, as the connecting flight to LAX also was delayed. To 10 am. Then 11 am. Then the sign at the gate said to check at 3 pm. The aircraft was having \"maintenance\" issues which I learned only by calling the Platinum Desk. The plane was removed from the gate and taken back to the hangar. We were told we'd be boarding at 3.30 pm. And some of us - perhaps 10 - did board, only to be told to disembark. The pilot had \"timed out\" after waiting around all day like the rest of us. A few minutes before 4 pm, another pilot showed up and boarded the plane, but he strode off after a few minutes. The flight was then canceled altogether. I managed to secure a seat on a 6.17 pm flight to LAX via Chicago. In the meantime, I complained to a gate agent about the inadequate service and \"surly, ill-mannered, uncommunicative\" agents. The flight to Chicago eventually took off, and we connected from there to LAX, arriving at the California airport around 11.15 pm. My original itinerary had me arriving at 11.29 am. No explanations, apologies nor compensation. Just an awful experience all-round - and all too typical."
"Coming off flights with Qatar Airways, I was on my last leg to New York with American Airlines. To start, the boarding began 20 minutes late because a previous American Airlines flight to Seattle was delayed. CDG is a shocking airport. I wasn't looking forward to the old B767 that we would fly either. But flight took off on time and wasn't that bad. I slept most of the time, partly due to a lack of personal entertainment. The only entertainment was an overhead screen showing some terrible movie. Crew was good, particularly one. Can't remember his name but you'll know when you meet him. Food was okay, main meal was decent, the ice-cream and snacks were excellent. Flight landed on time. So all in all a very average flight, but I won't recommend it."
"Our flight from Miami to Boston was supposed to depart at 7.45. We did not leave the airport until after midnight. Nobody was offered an explanation as to why we were delayed. We had not one, but 3 gate changes, and our party was traveling with someone who needed assistance. The airport in Miami is huge and after the last gate change, we were told that our flight would leave in 30 min. The AA agent made one phone call for assistance and then left us to our own devices. We had to frantically scramble to find a golf cart, wheelchair, someone to assist. Many of the other passengers on the flight were outraged and not one AA representative gave us any reason why our flight kept getting postponed. Finally, when we boarded at 11.30, the pilot explained that extreme weather kept us from leaving on time. Not sure if I buy this explanation, as other flights departed, but at least he offered an explanation and an apology. Not even a packet of peanuts. Our original departure point was Aruba, and we'll fly JetBlue next time."
"Flight cancelled from JFK to Cancun. I have had mobile app downloaded from American Airline's website that told me all the time the flight was on schedule. Arrived at airport to see on the boards that flight cancelled. Directed to counters to deal with and maybe try and book next flight. No apology, staff were unhelpful and counter staff downright \"offish\" to the situation. I was even told the mobile app doesn't communicate with flight counter so its information can be incorrect. So the question is what's the point of the app if doesn't provide up-to-date info. Flight booked for next day. So we incurred cost of overnight near JFK and incurred cost of night at destination. No offer to assist with accommodation for overnight caused by the cancellation. We were made to feel as if we as the customer was an intrusion to the non-operation of this flight. I lost my confidence with the airline, and return flight from Cancun to Dallas, the flight was delayed by almost three hours. So we had cancelled flight, then our scheduled return flight to connect with another international flight was delayed by hours."
"Flew American Airlines from Tokyo to Chicago, 11-hour flight. We were a little delayed, but that didn't matter, the pilots did their best to make up for it and we arrived 45 minutes before the estimated arrival time. The flight was full, and as usual, the airspace around Tokyo Narita was congested, and there were about 7 planes queuing in front of us to take off. The little TV screen monitor that they had on the seat in front of me was tiny, and didn't have very many shows to watch. But, the staff were extremely friendly, and they had multiple drink options. I was seated in the window seat of row 41, and I had to try to climb over the person sitting next to me, who was sleeping, in which I failed. If you can find a flight with another airline, I'd probably take it."
"Booked 5 American Airlines flights on January 13, 2015 for 4 of us going fishing in Alaska, flight out on June 24 and return on June 25. Called airline reservations agent in order to book flight and to specifically book seat assignments. Received confirmation January 13, 2015 for all. American Airlines changes outbound flights to a different route on May 20. Did on-line check-in on June 23 and discovered there were no seat assignments - AA refused to acknowledge or change to requested seats. AA as usual requests kiosk check-in at airport, even though we had boarding passes in hand. Newly kiosk issued boarding passes were not acceptable at any of the boarding gates and we had to re-check in at the boarding gate to receive a gate acceptable boarding pass. Bad, unpleasant, un-acceptable experience."
"We didn't fly from Manchester to New York as the flight was cancelled. We sat on the runway for 2 hours whilst the pilot waited for maintenance staff. We were then de-planed without a single apology from the staff. We had to go back through airport security as if we had arrived in the country! All our duty free was taken off us. We then had to re-queue at check-in for over an hour and a half, staff were rude, brusque and aloof. Told that our only options were to cancel altogether or fly 9.5 hours later to Heathrow via British Airways. As we only had 3 nights in New York we would lose a third of our trip. We asked to come back a day later so we would actually get the trip that we had paid for, meaning adding on the day we lost onto the end of our holiday but they wouldn't honour this. We had to pay for our own additional night at the hotel in New York which they gave us 15 minutes to decide and organise. We flew back with American Airlines at the end of our trip and even on this flight staff did not smile and were brusque."
"My family had the most frustrating experience trying to fly to Toronto for a week-long vacation with United Airways (post-American Airlines merger). We bought tickets a month before our flight and ended up paying almost $700 each roundtrip (for 4 of us). On June 21st we drove 2 hours to Charlotte Airport and on our way we got an automated call telling us our flight had been cancelled for maintenance (at around 11.30) on a beautiful, clear day. Not knowing what to do we continued to the airport terminal and through the check-in line. The employee at the check-in said we had been rescheduled on a flight for the next day at 5.30am. This wasn't an acceptable alternative for us so we were put on standby for a 4.30 flight but then we had to check-in our stowaway luggage. We asked how we would get our luggage back if we didn't make it on the 4.30 flight, and were told that the luggage was marked for standby and would not be put on the plane without us. Past security we checked with other United Airways employees who assured us this was the case. These employees were all helpful and patient with us. We waited in the airport for hours for the standby flight, which unsurprisingly did not have space for all 4 of us. We were sent to baggage claim and waited for luggage that never showed up. Our bags had been sent to Toronto YYZ without us. I called Toronto Pearson airport where a helpful woman connected me to the United Airways baggage office. Finally I was satisfied that they probably weren't going to send our luggage back to Charlotte, and we drove up north. At Toronto Pearsons we found customer service who made a call and told us exactly where to find our luggage. A 1/10 rating is generous."
"I flew out from Pensacola on June 23rd at 4pm. What was supposed to be a connecting flight in North Carolina turned into a disaster. My flight kept getting delayed with minimal communication of when our flight would be taking off. The flight time continued to change and hours passed by with little communication as to why. The flight that was suppose to board at 9.40pm did not get cancelled until just before 2am. I had already been traveling for 14 hours. I waited in a ridiculously long line only to be told that the hotels in the area were all booked and that the cots at the airport were taken. I did not sleep at all. I had to re-route my original flight from LAX twice because one of the workers routed me to San Jose which was 6 hours away from my destination (LAX). They re-routed me again an hour out of the way at John Wayne airport and had to find someone else to pick me up because of the change of my arrival. When I arrived my checked bag was nowhere to be found. My bag arrived a few days later. I have flown with US Airways / American Airlines many times but this customer service is completely unacceptable."
"American Airlines displayed appalling customer service to its stranded passengers in PHL on the evening of 30 June 2015. Several of us were late by minutes to connecting flights to Europe, after being encouraged to run to catch our connections, all flights left without the 15-20 of us. These things sometimes happen, but what followed was not acceptable. Customer service representatives had no solutions for anyone, other than bookings for the next flight 24 hours later. No hotel, transportation, nothing. My service at the desk was dismissive: we can't help. We have no solutions or contingencies. It was only after my pestering them, when she handed me the dreaded \"pink slip\" - a generic phone number and website for \"discount\" on a hotel. The biggest problem is that customer service failed spectacularly at the point where the client is most vulnerable and alone-in transit. There should be a representative for each imperiled connecting flight, or group of flights. On-ground coordinators should be communicating with gate agents and in-flight attendants. Even when connections are simply impossible, let us know and give us options, at the point of debarkation. All it takes is for someone to actively monitor and question the line."
"They decided to detour and refuel the plane in Austin. As a result, the plane arrived almost half an hour after my connecting flight to LHR had already left. I was told the next flight wasn't until 3.30 pm the next day (being today, I'm sitting in the airport), leaving me almost 14 hours between flights. I couldn't afford a hotel. I was given no vouchers for food or anything else, was given minimal assistance, just a slip of paper and \"hope they have room for you on the next one\". Re-figuring my pick-up at Heathrow was more expensive and inconvenient than I could really afford. The airline was less than apathetic. The entire experience has been appalling."
"We booked a companion certificate through the old US airways. We missed the outbound flight and had to take an alternative one way flight. When checking back in for the original return flight, American said there was no reservation in the system. As a result of not making the first flight, American told us we broke the contract, they canceled our reservation without notification to us and we had to purchase another full fare one way flight to get home. In addition, we were stranded for two more nights in the airport hotel. This was insane! Who treats their frequent flyer passengers and credit card holders this way?"
"We were overcharged for checking a 7th bag on a ticket of 5 people. Even after I explained to the ticket AA agent that the charge should only be $40, she still insisted on charging us $150. When our flight on June 25 (2971) from ORD to MLI was canceled due to mechanical issues, we were given incorrect information from multiple AA gate agents (ie. couldn't provide a rental car, couldn't rebook us on another airline, couldn't get us out of ORD until two days later), and after finally connecting with an AA representative on the phone (more than a 2 hour wait), we were told that we were indeed overcharged for our bag, and we should have been offered voucher per ticket because our flight was canceled due to mechanical issues, which caused more than a 5.5 hour delay. We were neither told this, nor were the gate agents helpful in trying to resolve the issue. We were told we couldn't file for a refund over the telephone and had to submit an email on the AA website, which I did four days ago - still have not heard back from anyone yet."
"Both flights to and from destination had delays. First flight was almost 2 hours delayed due to mechanical failure, we ended up boarding a new plane, then sitting on the runway for another 20 minutes. Return flight didn't have working DC outlet under seat, and GoGo flight entertainment application wouldn't work on the phone, a terrible application. This isn't the first time I have had delays with AA (2+ hours delay due to Mechanical failure on a flight to Cancun via DFW) and if I keep on flying with them, I would assume it wouldn't be the last. Other customers were voicing the same complaints."
"My flight from London to Chicago was in an ancient plane with no in-flight entertainment. The crew were not very friendly and the food was poor. I was told I would have to pay for spirits (on a long-haul flight!). I would avoid where possible."
"It was about 82 degrees on the flight home tonight. FA's didn't seem to care about passenger comfort. Passengers were complaining about the air. Television at our seat was intermittently working. This airline needs an overhaul, sadly, just when I'm about to achieve status."
"You get what you pay for, is how I feel after my second trip with American Airlines. But to be honest, was expecting a worse so I was pleasantly surprised. Flights were on time. Food and drinks were served during the flight. Wine, beer and soft drinks were served for free. Staff was polite, efficient and a few almost friendly. Plane new and clean. Water and juice or soft drinks were left available overnight to be self served. Lots of movies for entertainment. But Online check in was impossible. Especially with a connecting flight (even OneWorld one). Ground service was badly arranged at LAX. No signs or staff to seek help from. Seats in economy uncomfortable. Leg room absolutely minimum for a long-haul flight. Entertainment system worked well but selection in music was terrible. Screen didn't turn so when seats are reclined it's almost impossible to watch anything on it. Quality, taste and portion size of food was a little disappointing. At the end of the day we got where we wanted to go. On time. With no sleep but very, very cheap."
"We travel every 1-2 years internationally and often use American because of the flight availability out of Tulsa. Two years ago we flew Delta business class while we chose American business class this time - the difference was startling. Delta was great service, great seats, great food. American Airlines seats were nowhere near as comfortable, the amenity bag was a relative joke, food was acceptable but not as good. The staff were less helpful. almost every flight was late to some degree which meant having to rush to connections. They did a fairly good job in O'Hare of expediting the process. the flight out of O'Hare was one class and despite paying for business class, we received nothing."
"Flight #116 departing Maui on June 22 at 8:35pm was delayed 3.5 hours. All the restaurants and stores at Maui close at 10pm. We asked the flight attendant for one bottle of water to share amongst the four of us (me, my husband, and 2 children) when boarding the flight at 12:15am and were told they have a limited amount for the flight and do not give bottles to customers. Plane had no power outlets in economy class cabin. Even though DFW is closer to my home I will make the extra drive to Love Field and take Virgin to LAX and connect with Hawaiian on my next Hawaii trip."
"I chose to fly American Airlines because they offered the cheapest flight at the time I booked. I wish I would have paid the extra money to fly another airline now. While leaving Louisiana we boarded the plane twice only to be told to go back and wait in the terminal. We were not informed as to what was going on and when asked if I would make my connecting flight in Dallas I was told that I would find out when I got there. When landing in Dallas I had an hour to get to my other flight (or so I thought). We sat on the runway for over an hour, which of course we were not informed as to what was taking so long. The only thing that made the flight bearable is the fact there was movie service from the flight from Dallas to Las Vegas ($8 for a movie). I attempted to just check in online for my flight leaving tomorrow morning only to find out it told me my request could not be processed and I had to check in at the airport. I called the customer information number listed on the website only to be told it wasn't processing because I did not have a seat on my connecting flight from Dallas to Monroe. To say the least, I will never fly American Airlines again. I will spend the extra money on an airline that I trust and is less stressful to travel with."
"I have never encountered less friendly cabin crew than the ones supposedly serving on our flight from Miami to London on June 19th, 2015. That lot was comparable with perhaps the Aeroflot \"of old\", whereas today you get a smile out of Aeroflot crew. American Airlines has a lot to do in this respect, if they even care. I would feel embarrassed to work for AA, it is a pity that the customers are more polite than their staff."
"Chicago to Manchester on Boeing 767. After an unexplained three hour delay, which kept being pushed back 15 minutes, then waiting for further updates, whilst all passengers ready and waiting at the gate, it transpired that we were waiting for cargo to be loaded at the inconvenience of fare paying passengers. Economy class has tired, hard, uncomfortable seats, limited leg room. No personal TV, just overhead TV showing (bizarrely, childrens films). Cabin staff were surly, not a smile between them. All older staff, and so rude at times. The way the breakfast boxes were thrown out was embarrassing, customer service was non-existent. No offers of second drinks, all they seemed to want to do was to get the meal service over so that they could sit down and rest. During the night time hours, it was freezing cold, even the blanket did not suffice to keep me warm. Strangely, they kept turning the lights on every now and then, so sleep was impossible. Probably the worst airline for onboard customer service I have ever encountered."
"The seats were uncomfortable, service was a straight menu with just 3 types of drinks (coca-cola, water, and orange juice). The seats did not have a screen, and the general screen failed and no one can listen when the safety video was played. The crew did not give us something to drink, and no headphones."
"A window seat was paid for, confirmed, and I had paperwork proving this, but when checking me in American Airlines randomly changed my seat. When I questioned the service representative at terminal D5 her response was, \"well I don't have a window seat to change it to sorry.\" I will never fly AA again. Terrible customer service, very disorganized and rude."
"Throughout my recent trip, there were difficulties due to under-staffing at the terminals and ticket check-in, leading to several long delays. Several of us missed our first flight out of Gainesville since there was miscommunication leading to no one being at the check-out counter prior to our departure and none of the boarding pass kiosks working. The return flights were equally difficult, with only 1 kiosk working and only one person working the ticket counter, which lead to check-in requiring about an hour. Several of the initial flights were delayed, leading to several of us missing our connection. While this is understandable and does occur at times, it took approximately 2 hours to receive our hotel vouchers even though the flight arrangements were made prior. This was again due to being under-staffed as only 1 person was working this terminal. The following day, multiple flights were cancelled due to \"mechanical difficulties\" leading several of us to again miss our flights. This again lead to an almost 2 hour wait in order to re-book after already waiting an hour prior to the flight being cancelled, causing many of us to miss our chance at making a compatible connection flight. I was initially told I would again have to stay over-night and was not given further options. After calling customer service myself, I found a flight to an airport 2.5 hours away although I was required to pay the rental car fee to drive back home. In summary, due to consistent under-staffing, there were numerous long waits which ultimately delayed travel planned. This combined with several flight delays (due to mechanical difficulties - not weather), lead do my initial flight leaving a day late and my return flight being delayed 2 additional days. I travel fairly regularly, and have never ran across this issue previously. I will avoid using American Airlines in the future if possible."
"First, the good. The customer service was friendly and engaging. They checked my bag for free because of my military service and put my girlfriend's bad under my name too. Good deal. Well, that's about all. I accidentally went to the wrong airlines line for me and my girlfriend to check our bags so we were running a little behind. That was my bad. Now, the bad for them. The flight was canceled. The delay was exceptional. Before I even knew that, there were two workers behind the counter and both were tied up. One had a problem with an international traveler couple. Second, a family had their flight canceled or rescheduled. American was attempting to help but the mother refused the offer of a taxi because she requested a carseat (which is understandable). Things slowed to a crawl at this point. Now we resume to a positive note. Did I mention the staff was friendly earlier? Yes, they were nice. Disclaimer: I reviewed this prior to boarding."
"Poor customer service after the returning flight was delayed. It took 48 hours, another delayed plane, a trip to Miami, then Charlotte, then Detroit! To get from Tampa Florida to Louisville Kentucky. You can drive it in 10. No one in customer service in Miami spoke understandable English. Not one person! And all I get from American Airline is \"We know you are disappointed\" and \"We are confident we can do a great deal better\"."
"I can't believe what a dissapointment this company has became, I had a flight from NYC to Memphis, on Friday 12th, my flight was cancelled at the last minute without any explanation. I catch a early flight in the morning of the 13th, then I have my return flight from Memphis to NYC on the 14TH June. When I got to DCA my flight was delayed and as always at the last minute they cancelled my flight, they didn't even give us a hotel room., I slept at the airport thinking I would leave the airport first thing in the morning, to my surprise I didn't, they put me on another flight with US Airways which was the same, as I was waiting for my flight, they cancelled again, then they put me on an AA flight leaving at 9.47 am and now is leaving at 10."
"The worst exeprience I have had. Completly disorganized routes. In 1 day 2 delayed flights, one with 4hr, second one with 2hr delay. Next to that 2 changes of gates - terrible!"
"AA has completely lost my trust. The woman at the check in counter knew nothing about free bags for military civilians. After paying for our bag, she gave us our boarding pass and mentioned nothing about it being delayed. We found out after I noticed that the time was different on our boarding pass. When the time came to board, we find out that the flight is cancelled when we noticed no plane at our gate. We approached some AA attendants and the woman apologized for forgetting to announce it, and then looked for another flight for us. She found one for a 5am flight - 4.30am check in and gave us a hotel voucher of which the shuttle runs every half hour. That means we would have to leave the hotel at 3am in order to make the flight. At 2.30am, my boyfriend finds out through the flight tracker to discover it is cancelled again! He tries to call customer service to reschedule but had a 1 hour wait time on the phone. When he finally gets through, the man on the phone suggested a flight at JFK at 7am, which we wouldn't be able to make it in time even if we left at that moment (3.40) because we would have to wait for the (every 30 min) shuttle, get on the airport train, get to the stop for long term parking, then get the bus to get us to our car, and then drive over an hour to JFK. So then he puts us on a 3.50 flight to Chicago getting us there at nearly 6pm. Our whole Saturday is gone. AA wasted us a lot of money and time. I will never fly with them again."
"What has happened? Airlines have revolved into greedy money making machines and in turn allowed people to become smug and uncaring for others. What used to happen in my day when a person of 6ft 5ins boarded a plane there was consideration and care? Now it is all about extra money! I distinctly remember when this situation arose we would kindly ask smaller exit seated passengers to swap and 9 times out of ten people would be happy to do so. We maybe would offer a few drinks in return and everyone was happy. My son who is 6ft 5in was like a caged animal on our recent American Airlines flight, 10 hours of absolute hell. Yes we could have paid more for an exit seat but he is a student and this was not an option. While shorter passengers get seats for less he is now faced with either having to pay more to travel than shorter people or not travel at all. It is not as if he can do anything about his height, if he was simply overweight – then he could diet – but this is not the case. American Airlines allowed him to stand up all the way from LA to LHR for 10 hours, when he had to sit his legs had to be wide apart and any chance of a brace position would be completely ruled out. American Airlines – shame on you for your greed! I am not sure why trolleys were used for the meal service – they could have just chucked boxes of junk down the cabin and asked those interested to catch them."
"I flew non-stop from SLC to MIA on a redeye, 4 hours of flight time, no problems, delighted to find a non-stop flight. A week later, coming home, (June 10 2015) was a totally different experience. The flight to DFW was delayed for a mechanical problem (air speed indicator), so they re-boarded us on a different plane, but after all passengers were seated and the safety video shown, they said there was another mechanical problem (didn't identify it) and sent all 200 of us to a re-booking desk which couldn't possibly accommodate all of us. Meanwhile after an hour standing in line, they called us back to the second airplane and the ones of us who hadn't left in search of another flight, toted rolling bags etc on board yet a third time and we sat and continued to wait while the baggage was loaded. This leg of the trip had begun with the supposed 12.25 pm departure of Flight 2407, but by now it was 5.30 pm, with no signs of hope. I knew I'd already missed my connecting flight to SLC, and was able to book another DFW flight for 6 pm. I made it in time to board this different flight, but the 6.00 departure time turned out to be 7.00pm. The delay here was for yet another unexplained reason. Still, I was able at DFW to make my connecting flight to SLC on a 10.00 flight, but this interminable day stretched out far longer than it should have, and I don't see how it could be, that every single AA flight I was on that day, all had delays. The staff were friendly and helpful, but, I can't recommend this airline."
"A friend and I flew JFK-BOS-MIA-CUR last minute and at an incredibly low cost. BOS-MIA we got 'upgraded' to Main Cabin Extra for no apparent reason. Check in was actually surprisingly smooth and efficient, friendly staff. Out of the 12 Cabin Crew on the 3 legs 9 didn't spare a smile, didn't manage to finish the 'service' (consisting of 1 complimentary drink) and seemed to be tired and/or just hated their job. 2 were plain rude to fellow passengers for no apparent reason as well as unprofessional and only 1 of the 12 was outstandingly nice and cheery as well as professional. Aircraft old but decent enough, no entertainment (one leg not even safety demonstration after all screens didn't work). On ground experience and price top, inflight flop."
"This is the 3rd time this year that I have flown with American Airline, I give this airline 1 star out of 5 stars. Number 1 reason is this airline has constant delays all across the board, every flight I have flown on has been late or delayed for the past 3 times this year. I will never fly with this airline again. I am extremely dissatisfied with the quality of service and the delays they have for every flight."
"Just returned from a trip to the Caymans for a wedding, and as usual had a bad experience on American. I had hoped that the pending merger would improve Americans quality, but instead I'm afraid it will make USAir worse. I used miles and flew business class on USAir - cost 120,000! The plane was actually an American plane, and was dirty, with torn, worn out, uncomfortable seats. Service was marginal. I keep having bad experiences on American, and have actually decided to use up my miles and change to another carrier - it is sad to see how airline travel has degraded - dirty, worn out, cramped, buses with wings."
"I travelled to and back from LGA. Going was actually with US Airways. The staff on both journeys were rude although the LGA to LHR flights were better. Going to LGA staff were rude and not helpful when serving food. The entertainment system was okay although have seen better the touch screens do not work properly. I was sat at the front so luckily had good space however the other seats seemed tight. The second part of the flight (domestic one) was a two by two carrier and the tiniest aircraft I had seen. I would not recommend and I would avoid at all costs."
"My husband and I flew to London in business class on 4/29/2015. Plane was old business class seats were too close to each other the food was the worst ever. Toilets were dirty. We will never fly American Airlines business class anymore. Very unsatisfied customers. We usually fly Qantas business to the U.S. from Australia and let me tell you that it is a first class airline! I'm flying back to London on July 9 business class flying with BA never again AA. Very dissatisfied customers."
"Flew with my wife from Seattle to Charleston with stops in DFW and DCA. Selected the least expensive flights and we are not frequent travelers so I did not expect a great experience. Our flights did get rescheduled probably due to the merger with US Airways. Delays were manageable with just one hour on the first leg out of Seattle. What I did not expect was for the flight attendants to be so curt and rude. When I was denied a blanket I could almost read the attendants mind (\"please put me out of my misery\"). Impolite doesn't even begin to describe their attitude."
"A very frustrating experience. First their flight is delayed due to \"bad weather\" in LGA whereas we can see that United and all other airlines are taking off and the weather looked good enough. Initially they said it is delayed by an hour so we thought fine lets wait for an hour then they tell its delayed by another 2 hours. We had to catch a connecting flight at ORD which had just an hour layover. Then finally this flight from LGA is scheduled to take off 6 hours later than actual scheduled timings which means the connecting flight has already left. I called the customer care to check for the status and they tell that there are no more connecting flights from ORD to XNA for the day. The next connecting flight was only at 9.15am from ORD. So we decided to wait until 6.30am that day and leave directly from LGA instead of going to ORD and waiting till 9.15am. We (including my aged mother) finally landed up sleeping in the airport all night. The TSA officials were kind enough to give all passengers sleeping in the airport a cot and a bed sheet. Next day morning we start at 6.15AM and then again the flight is delayed by 2 hrs. One of the passengers asked the flight attendant if she will get her connecting flight and the attendant replies \"We just have to keep hopes. That is all we can do\"!"
"A very frustrating experience. First their flight is delayed due to \"bad weather\" in LGA whereas we can see that United and all other airlines are taking off and the weather looked good enough. Initially they said it is delayed by an hour so we thought fine lets wait for an hour then they tell its delayed by another 2 hours. We had to catch a connecting flight at ORD which had just an hour layover. Then finally this flight from LGA is scheduled to take off 6 hours later than actual scheduled timings which means the connecting flight has already left. I called the customer care to check for the status and they tell that there are no more connecting flights from ORD to XNA for the day. The next connecting flight was only at 9.15am from ORD. So we decided to wait until 6.30am that day and leave directly from LGA instead of going to ORD and waiting till 9.15am. We (including my aged mother) finally landed up sleeping in the airport all night. The TSA officials were kind enough to give all passengers sleeping in the airport a cot and a bed sheet. Next day morning we start at 6.15AM and then again the flight is delayed by 2 hrs. One of the passengers asked the flight attendant if she will get her connecting flight and the attendant replies \"We just have to keep hopes. That is all we can do\"!"
"Flew May 9 2015 from Boston to Paris. I am 75 yrs old and having lived both in South Africa and Europe have done a considerable amount of flying. This flight was absolutely the worst ever. Conditions regarding space and comfort (lack thereof) were beyond appalling. People who could not fit their feet under the seat in front of them were forced to stick them into the aisle. I feel that safety is compromised by these conditions and both the US Transportation Department and American Airlines need to seriously consider this issue. I will of course never fly with this airline again. In addition the food was not fit for consumption."
"I flew from Orlando to Barcelona on May 6th with a return on May 18th. It was by far one of my worst experiences in commercial flying. The reasoning for this rating is extensive and ranges from their computer changing my times and seats three times from reservation to flight to inoperative bathroom in flight to massive delays both ways ranging from almost 2 hours to cool down an aircraft cabin before boarding to waiting over 2 hours for flight attendants to arrive in Miami from Philadelphia. It is obvious that no longer is the passenger important but rather all the extra charges and cramped seating that rule the day. In terms of choosing an airline carrier it is sadly my opinion that airlines such as KLM or Lufthansa offer better service and would be my first choices on international flights."
"Flight 55 to Chicago due out Sunday morning at 9.30. Sat in airport all day to find out at around 3pm that the flight had been cancelled due to a technical issue. No information from the staff all day. Had to find out what was going on via the website. The flight got rescheduled for Monday. After another hour delay we finally boarded the same aircraft that they where having issues with the previous day. We set off to the runway only to turn back with a technical issue. We were then sat onboard the aircraft for a further 6 hours as they where having the same issues as the previous day. After the 6 hours we where informed that the flight was being cancelled yet again. By this time it was to late to make alternative arrangements. The downfall for me was the job I should have been at on Monday morning had to be cancelled as I could only get there by Wednesday. Total disgrace."
"I had a flight from Chicago to London Heathrow. Flight 46 on 14th May. A Boeing 767-300. Delayed by 2 hours so missed my British Airways connection. Cabin was dull. Worst part no personal screen and seats short on legroom. Felt like all economy passengers were refugees running to some other place. Food was ok but not as good as compared to Air India. Staff were ok too. Will never recommend AA."
"After a 24 hour delay during which time we were not kept informed of what was happening we board another plane. The new plane sits on the tarmac 45 minutes past take off time and only then the pilot informs us there appears to be a problem with the plane so the plane returns to the gate. There are no apologies there is no information and it seems total indifference to people like myself who will miss their connection resulting in a further 8 hour delay. Service is zero professionalism is zero however the aircrew do appear to be putting in a lot of effort to avoid passing among the passengers or making eye contact. Flight 9268 to Chicago."
"I flew Baltimore to Seoul (BWI-DFW-ICN) on 10 May 2015 the flight out of Baltimore had to return to the gate due a cockpit display not working making the flight an hour late on take off. We were then diverted due to weather - admittedly the crew were helpful during our enforced 4 hour plane-bound ground stop in Austin. We finally got to Dallas 5 hours late – ‘to be greeted by a (non-existent) customer representative’ the queue for the customer service at C25 was pathetic – two people and a queue of several hundred snaking around the terminal. Fortunately I had my BA executive card and got into the Admirals lounge were the queue was only about 20 people. We (three of us) were rebooked on the flight to Narita (Japan) and onto Seoul the following day. Although technically that flight would have left technical ‘issues’ meant that we left 7.5 hours late arriving in Narita at about 11pm. What a contrast - upon arrival there were about 15 Japanese customer service people with individual ‘packages’ for passengers containing onward boarding passes details of buses to pre-arranged hotel accommodation and a food box. Next day a special bus took us back to the airport for our onward flight to Seoul. Our luggage was not so lucky – even with the 7 hour delay at Dallas AA was unable to send our luggage out for another 2 days! The return flight was ‘better’ – in that there wasn't a delay but the flight was cramped – the 777 clearly had not been ‘spring cleaned’ since its delivery many many years ago the food was mediocre at best and the ‘entertainment system’ simply because it was entertaining trying to find anything of interest to watch/listen to. Quite simply AA (as do other US carriers) provided the absolute bare minimum. Unfortunately it is ‘company policy’ to only fly American carriers – and probably the only reason that American carriers still exist."
"Flight 2256 to depart IAH at 6pm on 5/12/15 was delayed by one hour. Myself and 2 daughters were on our way to Branson MO for a short vacation with family. This delay made it impossible to connect to our flight at DFW so we had to reschedule our flights to the next day cutting into our planned time with family. I have not flown AA in years due to lost luggage issues previously and this is my experience the first time I tried to use them again. Not only was this a huge hassle with 2 kids to get to and thru the airport (then out again and back the next day) but I'm very disappointed in the fact that our vacation is having to be cut into as a result of the flight delay. Extremely disappointed."
"AA138 DFW-DCA first class. I've really stopped expecting anything when flying domestically in the US or Canada. Flight departed late due to heavy traffic and weather. Seat ok but nothing special on a 737-800. Was in 1A. Having just got off QR from Doha a big change. Cabin crew not friendly Basically had my meal tossed at me. Meal itself was tasteless and over cooked. No control over economy class passengers using first class lavatory even while the seatbelt sign was on. It is getting me home which is about all I can say that is positive about this flight."
"It is not a good feeling when you get ashamed of the company that is representing your country to the world. But it was how I felt when I boarded AA 91 from London to Chicago. The oldest plane ever out of 4 overhead TV (they didn't even fold-this ancient) 2 didn't work. How can you still not have an in seat entertainment on an 8 hours international flight? Noise level in the cabin was at times unbearable. It was the last leg of our round-trip to Greece. First 3 legs were served by British Airways - what a dramatic difference."
"Just returned from a two week trip to China using AA into Beijing returning from Shanghai. We've traveled to over 70 countries world wide and this was the first and last time we'll ever use American Airlines. They use a 777-200 out of Chicago which resembles a cattle car the way passengers are packed into the economy section. 2-5-2 configuration and while we paid extra to sit in the two side the seats were so cramped there wasn't enough room between rows to put the tray table down for meals. When the passengers in front reclined their seats it was claustrophobic. Keep in mind this is a 14 hour flight. Ironically enough the flight attendants who refer to this equipment as the Slave Ship told us AA is talking about adding another row of seats. Meals were horrid power port and audio jacks didn't work and the \"entertainment\" system is laughable. We had three flights in China on China Eastern Airlines while we were there and their aircraft were all modern clean and spacious. If this is what we can expect from the American/US Airways merger I will avoid the new company at all costs."
"This was the worst travelling experience! The staff are rude and abrupt at check-in the meals are terrible and you cannot purchase anything else on board they didn't have earphones or the option to purchase on board (for a long haul flight from Philadelphia to Dublin) and none of the reading lights worked in our row. Aside from this the planes are extremely old to the point where it was genuinely terrifying. The insulation is extremely thin in comparison to other planes so you can hear every noise the engine makes! Also the navigation system didn't work as we were landing but the pilot told us not to worry he knew Dublin so he could find the airport!"
"I just traveled with my mother to Miami Florida from Calgary Alberta in April we bought our tickets online a month before our trip. We received the flight information by email everything was going fine. The flight down to Miami was great however the return trip was a different story again we checked-in the night before to save time but they overbooked the flight from Dallas to Phoenix and my elderly mother had to pay an extra 35 dollars to be guaranteed a seat on the flight to be able to stay traveling with me. I was asked to check in my carry on in Dallas because they were not going to have enough space in the overhead compartments. When we arrived in Phoenix they announced that the flight was overbooked and asked if anyone was interested in staying overnight and catch the morning flight to Calgary they offered to pay for the hotel and give you a travel voucher I could not take them up on the offer as I had already checked my carry on in Dallas. We bought our tickets a month before I felt that our seats should be guaranteed. The only saving grace of the trip was that the stewards were very nice on the flights."
"As two couples we traveled Heathrow to Palm Springs via Dallas Fort Worth. The Heathrow flight was on time and the service was ok but not great. A little too \"matter of fact\" if I can use that term. Our flight from DFW was a different affair. Because we couldn't book our seats we were advised to ask at the desk at Dallas. When we arrived I was impressed that they knew we were coming but added\" we think we have four seats spare but leave it with us\". I had already had trouble booking seats from Heathrow with not wanting to pay and extra £30 pre booking fee! We eventually did get 4 seats. 2 at the front and two at the back. The attendants were efficient although abrupt. On our return flight again we couldn't book the seats we wanted and got split up yet again on DFW to Heathrow leg. The Staff were quite rude to all passengers. One fellow passenger asked what choice was for breakfast? \"Only one option\" was the reply \"take it or leave it\"! We got the impression that they didn't really want to be there. Many reading lights and video screens were not working just what you need on an overnight transatlantic trip! We bought our tickets in September 2014 and we couldn't get seats together when it came to the 24 hr check-in. So what gives. I will say this now; we wont fly AA again and I will not recommend them either. They are advertising \"We are Adding new planes every week\" I think they should repair some of their existing ones first!"
"This review is being written after a number of times flying with American Airlines. You can almost always expect delays terrible customer service and just an overall bad experience. We had a two hour delay from MIA to SFO which would connect to LAX. The airline representatives were not helpful and made our travel anxiety even worse. Absolutely the worst airline across the board-from aircraft to personnel. How could the customer service be so terrible? The only reason I chose this airline was because it was cheaper than JetBlue. American Airlines is truly a disappointment."
"Will not be flying with this airline again. Was traveling from Seattle to Houston Hobby through DFW. Plane was delayed on the runway for over an hour because American couldn't communicate with their own computer system in Dallas. Because of the delay we landed in DFW just 20 minutes before my connecting flight was scheduled to leave in another terminal. Hauled over to that terminal only to see a completely different flight posted at my gate with no agents in site. Found another gate with an agent and told him my situation. He put me on standby for another flight to Houston. I was called from the standby list and put on that flight they asked me to gate check my bag. Then after I was seated they called me off the airplane saying they had double booked my seat! They could not return my bag to me. Put me on yet another flight to Houston for two hours later. But that gate listed information for another flight. Talking with other customers it became clear that none of the gates displayed the appropriate flights it was utter chaos with agents switching gates for flights every 15 minutes or so and disgruntled passengers everywhere. Meanwhile it turns out that the flight they kicked me off of was cancelled because the pilot had reached his maximum number of hours before the flight ever left. Everyone on that flight was moved to my new flight. Eventually they boarded the flight and then sat at the gate for an hour because as the captain put it \"someone who needs to be on the flight is not on it.\" The passenger sitting next to me showed me radar on her phone indicating that a storm was rolling in that would prevent us from leaving if we didn't leave soon. Many passengers started shouting to the crew asking why we hadn't left yet and many openly started wondering if the crew was actually making excuses to delay the flight until it was cancelled. Remember that many of these passengers had been on a cancelled flight just a few hours before. Anyway the captain did wait long enough that a storm rolled in as predicted. We were told we would need to fly out of the other side of the airport and circle around the storm so we taxied over. Once we were all the way on the other end we were told the new route required more fuel than we had so we had to return to the gate. Then we were told the ramp was closed so there was no gate for us to refuel at so we had to just wait. Finally a gate opened up for us but we just sat there for another hour. Then the captain told us that he reached his maximum number of flying hours so the flight was cancelled. At this point I cut my losses rented a car and drove to Houston from Dallas."
"A321 TPA-IA 737 MIA-YYZ. First leg delayed by over 1.5 hrs. Missed connection by 12 minutes. No apologies and stupid explanations. Put us on flight over 5 hours later. Once boarded we sat over an hour waiting for a pilot! Two different stories. Pilot delayed in traffic or pilot was timed out for his duty day and had to find someone else to drive the 737. And of course they lost our luggage. Is this any way for a major airline to operate?"
"We had two flights with AA from Madrid to Miami with their 777. The first flight was five hours late no excuse no money. The B777 is one of the worst you can fly with - 2-5-2 seating but AA charges 100 Euro extra for the 2 seats-row. The seating is horrible no space in economy the in-flight entertainment is like 2002 with a small amount of films on re-run every 15 or 30 minutes (by the way my LCD did not work). The worst about AA is the staff - unfriendly tired and virtually throwing the trash food on your seat. Even for a US-carrier AA is under all poor standards. So - stay away. American is like Ryanair but not as cheap. Never again!"
"Wife and I booked a trip from Houston to see the son in West Palm Beach on 4/17/2015. Our flight was supposed to be one of the first that left that day so we were ate the airport very early. Check in was 4 am. Of all the flights in the entire airport ours was delayed 2 hours. Why? Because they said it did not get in till late the previous day. Well that delay messed up our connecting flight in Dallas-Fort Worth so the day got worse and our total day was extended 6-7 hours. I understand that there are times when issues cannot be avoided but the airline booking personnel just didn't seem to care. We paid extra for the priority seating but they just threw us in the pool of last place seating until we got in their face. They did give us a meal voucher good for one of the vendors in the airport but only when we had to demand it. The pilot explained that there are rules of mandatory rest between flights which we understand but that news was known the previous day so why did we not get notified? The connecting flight was also delayed due to maintenance of passenger seats. For our return flight home my wife and I were praying for no issues but American Airlines made sure that we would not go home happy. The flight from West Palm Beach to Dallas-Fort Worth was pretty routine in the air but flight was delayed leaving the airport due to some \"auxiliary power\" issue that maintenance had to remedy before take off. When we arrived in Dallas-Fort Worth the powered boarding shute needed maintenance's attention before we could exit the plane into the terminal so we had to wait for that fix. As luck would have it our connecting flight was delayed another 1.5 hours! I will definitely find another airline before I choose this one again. The money you save does not justify the agony or grief this airline dishes out."
"I was scheduled to fly from DFW to HOU Flight 5770 departing DFW 3.10pm arriving in HOU. Instead they notified us that there was no plane. We didn't have a plane to board until 5.30pm and the plane didn't depart until 6.20pm that evening. Over a 3 hour delay due to not having an available plane. Before we took off the pilot notified us that due to weather they were going to have to take a more Western route and were not sure if they were going to have enough fuel. Instead of actually getting more fuel we took off anyway. 30 min into the flight they notified us that there was a line to land into HOU due to weather and that they didn't have enough fuel and needed to land in San Antonio. Not only did we not get into SA until 8pm but the crew notified us that they had flown too many hours. So even if we did get more fuel there was no crew to fly the plane. At this point we were stranded in San Antonio and the weather had become so bad in Houston there were no planes out. We were stranded. After 2 hrs waiting in line the representative informed me I could not get back to Hobby until 7.30pm Monday. Monday I flew back to DFW 1433 to catch another plane 1489 to get to IAH by 12 noon. I took a cab from IAH to Hobby where my car was at b/c this was a better option than waiting all day to get back home. Practically over 24 hours to fly from DFW to HOU. I am extremely dissatisfied with American that I will no longer be flying this airline. Even though American did supply meal vouchers and put us in a hotel this is completely unacceptable."
"I know American is now responsible for US Air so I will put my comments here. I had a 4 leg trip from Houston to Ashville through Charlotte. Tickets were cheaper flying out of Bush but I will go through Hobby next time. Every leg of trip was delayed crowded or a rough ride. Seats were cramped. Snacks were to expensive. I checked my small bag to avoid the storage bin struggle. Our gate at Charlotte was doubled up for two flights from two major airports the information on screens was not updated with delays and confusing. I will pay more and fly another airline or drive before I fly American (US Air)."
"My family and I were traveling on March 27 on flight AA 238 from (DCA) Washington Ronald Reagan National D.C. at 5.35 pm to (MIA) Miami International Airport. The airplane was old. We could see where the paint was chipped on the right wing. We had seats 15D 15E and 15F. The seat next to the window would not move back up after it was inclined back. We were landing and we pressed the button and could not get the seat to move back in an upright position. A male flight attention called my attention and I said I could not move it. He said that seats on American were more aesthetic than they are functional. The airplane lacked tray tables. Accordingly when served drinks there was no place to put the drinks. Furthermore not only were tray tables absent from this old plane but even the lock to hold them in place was gone from the plane. The plane had not been properly cleaned before the flight and our flight was overbooked. The seats were very narrow even though we paid for more better seats. My mother who is of normal weight and body proportions had difficulty getting in and out of it. Our earlier trip to Washington DC from Miami was on a newer plane and we didn't have these problems."
"AA flight 2891 on 19th Apr 2015. Flight was late 140 mins due to which I was sure to miss my next connection to Calgary. Technical faults do occur and are understandable. But the issue is how rude and uncooperative the staff were. They had a permanent no for an answer for everything in a most unprofessional way. As a last resort I was booked on same day from San Francisco to Calgary as it was very important for me to be there in Calgary. I had to rush and take ground transportation from Sacramento to San Francisco and working out the next step as I was moving ahead. Forget help no guidance was provided on how I can get to SF airport. Would have accepted same sequence of events if they were delivered to me with a smile. AA staff needs serious training in this aspect of customer service."
"8th April AA57. Return on AA56. This was our first and last trip with AA. We were told we would be flying on the new AA planes. This simply was not true. Why should one pay the same price if you are going to fly on a dirty broken old plane in business with a ridiculous 2 3 2 seating arrangement and the entertainment system broken. We will never fly AA again. They seriously need to up their game to compete with Emirates Singapore etc."
"This is a rough review because we flew first business and coach. We usually fly coach but for a trip to Napa we used our points to go first class. The AA/United merger combined the worst two airlines in the Western world. Flew on 4/7 (260 / 193) - BAN-DFX-SAN. Service food seating excellent. Plane a little old and shaky but all in all a good flight. Returned 4/13 (193/5290) SAN-Charlotte-BNA. Although we had first class we were relegated to business with an accompanying drop in quality across the board. The trouble is the age of the planes - it's like something from a museum. The noise from the engine was so loud it was like sticking your head under the hood of a car. But for once all flights left on time without mechanical problems. We were closer to the real world of 95% of all travelers with tasteless food (a box handed out at the end of a 6 hour flight with a roll candy bar and smoothy). Entertainment (quote unquote) was from attached dirty ancient screens for which AA would kindly sell earphones. I had my IPAD and kept busy while the Mrs tried to doze. Then at Charlotte it's Reality Time. We got bumped to economy (first row) but the constant groans reminded us that these \"seats\" were once used for unruly reform school students. That was in the 1940's since they were tiny dirty torn and stretched. The place looked filthy. A webbed shower curtain in several pieces separated \"first class\" (real classy) but they did manage to pass drinks to us in the cattle car. Yes we are switching carriers to anyone who has bought a plane in the last 30 years."
"AA 954 on 12th April 2015. Truly awful service from Buenos Aires to NYC. Flight staff were alternately incompetent angry or non-existent. Bizarre lack of professionalism creates a stressful flight atmosphere. With so many international options never again will we fly American. Not worth the few dollars saved on the ticket price."
"On April 9 2015 while my wife and I waited to board a flight from Barcelona to NY-JFK there was an announcement that it had been canceled. It was hard to hear and broadcast only once. Several of us had to confirm with an attendant that it was indeed canceled that we had to pick up our luggage at the baggage area and return to the check-in counter. My wife and I along with the others scrambled to navigate our way through the airport area finally to the baggage area. After what seemed like a very long wait our luggage along with a handful of others' came out last. This meant that when we finally found our way back to the AA check-in area we were at the end of an extremely long line. Eventually my wife and I \"split\" with her waiting on a long line at an AA service counter. After about 3 hours she made it to the front while I still had many people ahead of me. AA booked us on Iberia flights for the following day and a hotel with paid meals. We were then given directions to a free hotel shuttle. We never found it and ended up paying for a taxi but the driver took us to the \"wrong\" airport hotel. Fortunately that hotel let us take their shuttle to the \"right\" hotel. It's surprising but almost understandable that AA had no \"backup airplane\". My complaint is less about the cancellation and more about the lack of assistance at Barcelona Airport. Announcements and guidance was poor. There was no one to help us navigate back to the baggage area. We had to wait on a customs line to get back \"in\" so that we could go to the baggage area. We and others had to grab AA personnel passing by to find out anything even in the baggage area. It was an upsetting experience that cost us a day. We will think twice before using AA again & have spread the word wherever we can."
"My husband and our teenage son went to visit family in Nashville for two weeks this Easter. We booked our four flights each London-Chicago-Nashville and back through BA. BA were supposed to take us as far as Chicago with American Airlines doing the Chicago to Nashville bit. We missed our connection at both legs of the journey which was hugely inconvenient particularly when returning to the UK. To be fair AA brought us back to Chicago airport in time but for some reason the they were not given a gate for more than an hour. I approached the flight attendant asking whether AA can communicate with BA about this delay particularly as there were several people apart from us who were due to catch the same flight. She said that the flight will probably wait for us they know that we are being delayed. This resulted in a mad run between terminals 3 and 5 in vain. We were then sent back to AA desk in Terminal 3 to rebook our tickets for another flight. AA staff took a very long time to process each person. By the time we finished it was more than 1.5 hrs after we started queuing. We were told that the we will be put on AA flight to London tomorrow afternoon. There are many flights between London and Chicago and we requested an earlier flight. The person dealing with us said that if we wanted tickets to an earlier flight we should have come earlier. She refused to check whether BA had any flights the next day. In fact they were as unhelpful as possible. I made a point that we paid tickets for the flight that just left and had we managed to be on it we would not be asking for anything. We were told that we cannot collect our luggage as 'it has gone to BA'. We were given vouchers for an airport hotel and forced to stay overnight without luggage and they reluctantly gave us two sets of very basic things such as toothbrush and toothpaste for us three. The next day at AA check in desk we were told we need to collect our luggage at luggage collection No 5 after which we needed to bring it back upstairs and check them in. They could not locate our luggage. As the time for our next flight was approaching my husband ran to the check in desk to let them know that our luggage never materialised whilst I waited at carrousel No 5 in case it does. We asked if we could be upgraded if there were any spare seats in the premier class and the staff member said 'we do not upgrade for such a reason'. No other option would make me use this airline again."
"Non-existent customer service. Recently flew JAN-DFW-ELP. Delayed and missed connection in DFW due to weather. Had to overnight. No help whatsoever from AA because of \"weather\". No vouchers no distressed travel rates no phone number to call for booking my own hotel and had to walk 20 gates for hilariously cheap toiletries kit that was given grudgingly. Surly agents throughout. Truly an example of the worst in airline culture. To top it all off was unable to be booked on next morning flight and missed work. Agent could only put me on a later flight. Said I was put on FC upgrade list however. The next day when I was told I was upgraded they wanted $70 for the 1 hr flight. Agent said \"well it's not free\". I am AAdvantage Gold which is meaningless. Now a hostage to them with my new location but will take United or Southwest whenever possible in the future. People understand weather issues but the total lack of even the most basic customer service and rude behavior/attitudes is appalling about this \"airline\". Previously flown with Delta extensively and they always handled weather delays and misconnections in ATL professionally and courteously. So it can be done AA just doesn't care."
"Original flight was scheduled to depart at 10.30 am from DFW. Flight delayed too many times to count. Right now we are at 4 hours past (2.30 pm) I am on the plane have been sitting here with no air flow or electricity for about an hour. We were told that the flight crew was coming from OK however all the passengers from OK are on board and the flight attendants said they could not find pilots. This type of incompetence and lack of communication does not instil a lot of confidence in my safe arrival at my final destination. Although AA was $100 cheaper than United I will never fly with AA again."
"Flew American three times in the past two weeks. All domestic. 1) San Francisco to O'Hare Chicago. 2) LaGuardia NYC to O'Hare Chicago. 3) O'Hare Chicago to San Francisco. Good: on time performance. Did not experience delays Bad: 25$ for a checked luggage? Come on! What are you? A Low Cost Carrier? And because of this many people opted for a carryon resulting in overcrowding of overhead bins. There were simply not enough space for all carry-ons. Bad: flight attendants! No smiles! Not very attentive. They looked tired grumpy and stressed! Bad: IFE! No individual screens. Bad: old single aisle Boeing planes. Bad: you have to pay for everything. Complimentary drinks limited to water canned sodas and juices."
"LHR-DFW return on 777-300ER. I booked this route especially to take this newer plane for the inflight entertainment which did not disappoint. I found the crew okay and some even smiled! What I disliked about AA was the exorbitant prices they charge for pre-allocated seats which was a necessity in order to seat a family of 4 together. The food was mostly below average but having read reviews I wasn't surprised. I don't like the way they have chosen to add another seat to each row in economy. So instead of 9 abreast they have made it 10. This makes the aisle ridiculously narrow and I don't see how hundreds of people would be able to escape in an emergency so I'm surprised the FAA permits this higher density seating. Legroom was tight for anyone of above average height. I also found it strange how the seat belt sign was illuminated for virtually the whole flight - in both directions - and there are hardly any announcements from the flight deck even when turbulence is quite choppy. I chose AA for the equipment they use on this route but I would think twice about booking them again due to the hidden costs that aren't factored into the ticket price."
"I have just flown American from London to Miami with a connection to Cancun. The flight AA 57 due to leave at 9.45 am from London was delayed by 1hr 35 minutes with no apology or explanation as to why. The delay coupled with a customs shambles in Miami meant we missed our connection. The Express tickets (red ones) were a complete waste of time we just joined the queue with everybody else and the lady at the next baggage check in was totally disinterested and dismissive. I am frequent flyer an this was booked via BA and was a very poor customer experience. I will avoid American at all costs in future."
"Flew Boston to Barbados via Miami March 10 returning March 17. Managed to buy a cheap upgrade to First Class Boston to Miami which was good - though American airlines first class doesn't measure up to the first class of other airlines. One good flight out of four. The rest was economy all the way and truly miserable. Miserly leg room have to pay extra for everything ground staff ranged from hostile to comatose cabin crew completely indifferent. Was made to feel like a dollar bill squeezed till I squeaked. AA operates for its shareholders not its passengers."
"Flew from San Francisco to DFW (Dallas) for my connection into Houston Hobby (04/05/15) just to sit around for hours the airline changed the departure time at least 7 times then in the end it was cancelled and do you think they had the decency to have a ticket agent at the booth no mysteriously the agents all disappeared right before the cancelled notice went up on their board. No one instructed us to do anything I went to other agents and they just told us they could not help. Just ridiculous all around meanwhile Mother's and children traveling alone sitting at the gate crying trying to figure out how they were going to get home. I ended up having to get a rental to make it to my final destination on my own. All American Airlines does is inconvenience people the final straw was when the agents at the rental car counter stated that American does this every week to folks who are going to Houston Austin and Lufkin so it was nothing new to them they claim mechanical failure! If they supposedly have new planes and they are investing in all this new equipment where is it? Why don't they use some of those new so called planes they have purchased! This was a less than an hour flight come on American have some common sense!"
"From LAX to PVG (Shanghai) the worst business class. Most of the flights to Asia have much better business seating. The middle row has three seats if you are in the middle of the middle row you must cross someone to get in and out. The seats configuration is old and looks very dark and unpleasant. Larger screen for movies but not very many good selections."
"AA are making a big thing about all the new planes they are buying. I flew from Heathrow to JFK 27th March on a really smart 777. That's where the complements end though. I have never flown with a worse cabin crew. They all wore different clothing as though they had turned up from home and not bothered to change. They were totally uncommunicative - amazingly not a word was spoken to us through the entire journey. One of the crew fell asleep in a seat at the back of the cabin. Food was served as though they were doing us a favour and just dropped in front of us without a word there was not a friendly smile between them. One of the crew was not tall enough to close the overhead lockers. I cannot believe AA are spending so much on renewing their fleet yet seem totally unconcerned that their staff are behaving in this way. I flew back on BA - a fabulous crew who worked their socks off for the customers what a contrast!"
"AA flight 397 on March 25th. The first leg of our trip was delayed so we arrived at the gate 7 minutes before the flight was to take off. We had notified the gate agents that we were on the way to the flight but they shut the door in our face and would not let us board. We found out they had overbooked the flight by 50 seats. On the next flight we watched as friends of the gate agents boarded on standby while the rest of us were bumped > again. No gate agents seemed interested in helping us get home. We eventually had to rent a car and drive home since American Airlines would not give us a seat on any flight to get home. An extra $100 and 10 hours delayed we arrived home."
"Travelled with AA February 2015 LHR-MIA return flight out older plane - adequate for a day flight. Thankfully new plane with fully lie flat bed. On return excellent service from cabin staff food also beyond expectations."
"I flew Manchester to JFK and return with AA. On arrival at Manchester the airline staff quizzed us in detail about where else we usually travelled to why we were going to the States what jobs we did. This took about 10 minutes. Check in was via a machine designed to make AA a staff saving however it did nothing for their customers most of whom were frustrated at its inability to work. The whole crew were late and ran through the airport together to take up their posts. Did this account for them not checking whether the passengers had on their seat belts or arm rests in the correct position? Apparently not as it was exactly the same on the return flight. The safety video could not be viewed by passengers seated by the window due to the low overhead and central hanging videos. Did the crew have a uniform? They all dressed differently some wore extensive amounts of jewellery and chewed gum others had not even combed or tidied their hair. All were markedly scruffy compared to every other airline I have ever flown with. More worrying was that none of the crew advised passengers to remain seated when the seat belt light was lit and passengers proceeded to walk around the cabin throughout the flight. Or maybe it was the Captain's error in not turning the light off at all. Who knows whether we even had a Captain as on the out flight no announcements were even made! Not impressive on safety at all. Lets face it food comfort etc are also important but if an airline fails on basic safety the rest pales to insignificance."
"I have the time to write this review due to the third delay I've had with this airline. Not a single good thing I can say about my experience with American. I have flown Southwest Delta Jetblue Frontier and this is by far the worst airline I have flown. We had an hour and a half delay the first flight plus an emergency situation so we missed our connecting flight which has never happened to me. They supplied us with the worst hotel overnight. It wasn't just us that missed our flight 5 other families on separate ones missed theirs too. Then the flight the next day got delayed 30 minutes! So our three day trip turned into one day from all the delays and missed flights. Finally heading home and they announce mechanical problems with the plane. So now the flight is delayed 2 hours and we are missing our connecting flight to Salt Lake. So we get to board on a 6 pm flight but let's not kid ourselves that'll be delayed too so probably 7. And then it's a 4.5 hour flight so I'll be getting home at 2am. Other airlines can figure it out so please do to and spare us all the pain and frustration."
"Flew RDU-LHR on a free economy ticket. I prefer other airlines but the RDU-LHR non-stop convenience trumps all. It also gives me the opportunity to judge the progress of the AA/USAir merger. On the downside the venerable 767-300 is one year older (27 years and counting) still has the mail slot overhead storage bins the ancient hanging screen entertainment and the excruciatingly uncomfortable seats. I did notice that this old warhorse had been updated with blended winglets to save money which I'm certain they pass along to those paying for tickets. On board the hot breakfast croissant has been replaced with a box of sugar laden treats and the dinner has regressed from merely uninteresting to inedible. The flight attendants are excellent given what they have to work with - even giving up their crew rest seats to accommodate the spring breakers who made this a 100% full flight. On the plus side a current movie that I had considered paying to see (Whiplash) swift check-in and 45 minutes early into LHR. AA doesn't seem challenged to upgrade their transatlantic game but unless you're flying from RDU there must be a better option to get from the U.S. to the UK."
"Flew JFK to Manchester. First disaster came when checking in for flight to be told as a group of 6 we couldn't be seated together. Then it got worse as we couldn't be sat as couples unless we paid $260.00 per couple. Once on board we were sat apart. The cabin crew were at best unkempt and rude. The meal we were served was awful. Only 1 toilet was working for the full economy cabin on a 757 this is not good on a 6 hour flight. Overall a disappointing experience and will not fly on American again."
"I traveled reluctantly on American Airlines Buenos Aires - New York and return in early December 2014. On the most recent trip I can only say that the seating was horrible the flight attendants inattentive. I did like two attendants on the return flight one a male who saw the girl sitting next to me unwilling to put her tray up for takeoff and he firmly said 'you know the drill put the tray up'. You could sense his professionalism and no nonsense approach. He was quite professional. Another attendant was very personal with me and admitted that flying was not what it used to be said that the 777-300 had two back seats that you could not recline and actually defended the passenger in terms of lack of comfort. She said that now it is a question of bringing your own entertainment food all of which surprised me since she was not party line and quite personable apologizing for making me wait ten minutes for some water saying 'I'm sorry I'm in another world today' not so reassuring but she was on top of things. A mixed bag. On the flight to New York the food was awful but a flight attendant when telling her that I need a lot of water subtly gave me an entire bottle in a plastic bag. Perhaps it's because I helped an older passenger with her luggage but still what a shocker. I find that I am very uncomfortable getting off their planes. They have twice lost my luggage once on an earlier flight but found it days later. The latest was really just uncomfortable because of the 2x5x2 seating arrangement on a 777-200. I cannot recommend them for comments like 'whose the next victim?' or 'the entertainment system is not working. We suggest you read a good book and go to sleep'. This was on a flight Buenos Aires New York about three years ago stated in Spanish and English by a flight attendant. Passengers laughed but you could see many were offended by her suggestions. It used to be a great carrier."
"London - Miami Return January 2015 (Boeing 777). I could only choose where I wanted to sit 24 hrs before my flight which was fine as most airlines have that policy but what really threw me back was that all aisle and window seats cost an extra $69 - $100 each way depending where the seat was located! You have to pay extra for an aisle seat at the back of the plane on a 10hr transatlantic flight? This is not easyjet or Ryanair for goodness sake! The so called cheap flight on a major airline was not so cheap after all as they were already nickel and diming before getting off the ground. I refused to pay and went for a free middle seat which I loath I have wide shoulders and have to hunch inwards my plan was to arrive early and hope the check-in desk could sort me out with an aisle seat which they were able to do but that is where the Customer satisfaction stopped.) Plane was on time and boarding was reasonably quick and I was perched in my aisle seat which was very narrow I also noticed many people getting their roller cases stuck in the aisles as they tried to roll them down but it turns out that in an effort to squeeze an extra seat in each row American Airlines compromised with narrower seats and aisles. In the air nightmare #1 The narrow aisle caused one particular cabin crew to bump the trolley into my shoulder or elbow without even so much as an apology. #2 You get free beer and wine but the entire cabin ran out beer and white wine before the first drinks trolley finished its first pass. #3 The plane was old and the only movies available played at set times (not on demand) that's right 2015 with 90s technology - AA may have painted their planes but they are still old and nasty inside. Worst of all it was the same experience on the return leg mercifully the flight was 60 mins less - A truly awful transatlantic flight!"
"London - Miami Return January 2015 (Boeing 777). I could only choose where I wanted to sit 24 hrs before my flight which was fine as most airlines have that policy but what really threw me back was that all aisle and window seats cost an extra $69 - $100 each way depending where the seat was located! You have to pay extra for an aisle seat at the back of the plane on a 10hr transatlantic flight? This is not easyjet or Ryanair for goodness sake! The so called cheap flight on a major airline was not so cheap after all as they were already nickel and diming before getting off the ground. I refused to pay and went for a free middle seat which I loath I have wide shoulders and have to hunch inwards my plan was to arrive early and hope the check-in desk could sort me out with an aisle seat which they were able to do but that is where the Customer satisfaction stopped.) Plane was on time and boarding was reasonably quick and I was perched in my aisle seat which was very narrow I also noticed many people getting their roller cases stuck in the aisles as they tried to roll them down but it turns out that in an effort to squeeze an extra seat in each row American Airlines compromised with narrower seats and aisles. In the air nightmare #1 The narrow aisle caused one particular cabin crew to bump the trolley into my shoulder or elbow without even so much as an apology. #2 You get free beer and wine but the entire cabin ran out beer and white wine before the first drinks trolley finished its first pass. #3 The plane was old and the only movies available played at set times (not on demand) that's right 2015 with 90s technology - AA may have painted their planes but they are still old and nasty inside. Worst of all it was the same experience on the return leg mercifully the flight was 60 mins less - A truly awful transatlantic flight!"
"Flying home from Rochester NY to Los Angeles CA I had to change planes in Chicago. Our flight from Rochester landed with plenty of time to make the connecting flight. One problem is that we had to park on the tarmac for one and a half hours. Another plane was occupying the gate. When we reached the gate it took the employees forever to bring up the valeted bags. I missed the connecting flight and it was late in the evening so there wasn't any available flights. I asked about other airlines in the morning and was told nothing was available. I was given stand-by for AA in the morning and if I didn't make that then an 8.05 pm flight was booked for me. AA wouldn't pay for a hotel room so I was on my own. Once I got to a hotel and started my computer I found a United and Virgin America flight for the morning. Of course it cost me more money but I had a meeting the next day and couldn't risk the stand-by status. What a difference dealing with Virgin America customer service over American Airlines. I will only use AA as a last resort in my future trips. American couldn't tell me how many people were on stand-by for the morning flight so I could evaluate my chance of boarding."
"What is the point in paying extra for Priority when the seats are still the same size? Not to mention the overhead bins are not full yet you made me check my one carry-on. This is ridiculous. I planned ahead and packed lightly so I could use a small carry bag. I have an appointment when I land and cannot wait for Baggage Claim. What should have been offered was Priority Baggage PickUp. These items should come off the plane first and be stowed with strollers or other items along with First Class baggage. I will avoid this airline at all costs going forward."
"DUS-ORD-Tampa-LAX-ORD-DUS. We fly on European carriers quite often - but American Airlines have made an art of employing non caring - ignorant and unfriendly staff. I have never encountered such condescending flight attendants - and such arrogance. We flew from Dusseldorf to Chicago as first leg. The seat allocation was a disaster at the airport - my wife was in a middle seat 6 rows behind me. When we asked the check in crew to change it - we were told to take care of it at the gate at the gate we were told to sort it with the cabin crew and the cabin crew? Not our problem - you should have taken care of it before boarding - end of interest. Only after I really got angry - and walked off the plane - telling them to get my luggage off - a steward from the front end of the plane got involved and shuffled people around so we could sit together. Our friendly stewardess then managed to ignore us for the whole trip. Second leg - we were on the last row of an ancient DC9 - with the galley next to us and a toilet door that would not close properly. Return trip uneventful - but one thing is certain - never again American."
"AA78 DFW-LHR March 6 2015. What a disappointing flight on one of AA's ancient 777-200 cabin feels more like a prison cell than business class. Seats in 2-3-2 configuration (haven't had this for 15 years now). Instead of lie- flat seats they still offer lie in s-style and be careful not to slip down to the floor while you sleep. Stewardess climbing over me to cut off the way she had to walk. Food was disappointing as well. Only highlight was the wine selection that was a little bit better than ok. No way that I will use AA again."
"Sitting at AEX. Flight 3271 was scheduled for 6.05am. It is currently 8.20am and still not boarded. There is always delays. I travel for business and American is so inconsistent it makes it hard for the business traveler."
"Recently we traveled to Cancun from Calgary Canada with an over nighter in Dallas Fort Worth. Our flights down were for the most part uneventful with only minor delays out of Calgary and Dallas. However coming back on the 28th of Feb was the worst experience we have ever had in over 30 years of flying. We were stuck in an enormous backlog of passengers in Cancun Airport the majority of the backlog was with American Airlines. Not withstanding the fact that there were storms all over the southern US the American staff assisting passengers in the line-up un-organized cluster that accrued in the terminal was appalling! They could not organize anything and upset passengers constantly. They were so incompetent that they would have had difficulty organizing a staff bathroom break. We where in the line-up for 5.5 hours and never saw a listing for our flight till we finally went through security and even then they had the gate location mixed up. A horrendously poor experience."
"I had an unpleasant experience with this airline on Sunday March 1st. I took a flight from Houston to Chicago then had an hour to connect to my flight to Toronto. The first leg was fine on time and was surprised that a meal was served on a short two hour flight. I got to Chicago checked the departure board and saw my flight was delayed an hour. That was not too bad so I used the washroom came out to get a coffee and decided to check the board for the gate again and to my surprise my flight was then listed as cancelled. Told that even though I had booked first class if I wanted to get to Toronto the next morning it would be in the back of economy told that the only first class available would be in two days. The biggest surprise came shortly thereafter when I went to search for a Customer Relations desk: there was none! There was a system of phones. Eventually a CS agent came to the phone. She told me that the previous gate agent booked me for the following night from Chicago to Philadelphia then a six hour wait to board a 7 am flight back up to Toronto getting me to my destination two days after the original time. I instead took charge and asked if I could get a flight to Buffalo and was placed on one for two hours later. Of course \"weather\" was the cause for the delay but oddly enough only my flight was showing up as being cancelled. I fly often so if weather was a major factor the board should have at least a few more cancellations or delays. Because of this \"weather\" excuse there would be no assistance for a hotel. I was to depart from the L gates and just before boarding there came an announcement that we had to go over to the H gates- - with just minutes to spare. Service has been much better to me by other US based airlines when faced with unusual changes such as weather or mechanical delays-I have had them all. I will stick to my preferred airline and not use AA anymore as this experience plus a similar one last summer with them has completely eroded any confidence that this airline can get me from point A to B on the same day."
"MSP-MIA. A battered old airplane arrives at the gate looking like it would be from 1960. We got inside and some of the monitors were not working and the seats barely reclined. The flight attendants were very nice and passed out drinks but I still don't understand why they do not offer snacks on a 3.5 hour flight. My flight from MIA-MSP was terrible. We arrived at MIA airport getting ready for our flight at 1pm. We find out it is cancelled and the airline did not give us a reason why so we were rescheduled for a 2pm flight. When we went to board the 2pm flight we find out that they cancelled our seats for that flight and replaced them with a 9pm flight. We had to stay in MIA airport for an additional 7 hours! Once the time finally comes to board the flight bound to MSP we get onto the plane which previously came from Mexico City. The flight attendants were very welcoming however they then tell us over the speaker that this plane was out of service and that American Airlines must find us a new plane to fly on. So we get all of our luggage off the plane and leave the gate once again tired and exhausted. We wait in the gate area and find out our plane is located at the opposite end of MIA airport a 25 minute walk/train ride to get to. So we get all of our stuff together and head towards the other gate. Boarding begins immediately on one of the brand new planes and it is delayed an additional hour. The flight finally leaves at 11pm and I was supposed to be home at 6pm originally. We got to Minneapolis at 2am. Do not recommend this airline if you have little kids with you as changes to occur commonly but the flight attendants are great. The flights not so much. American has really gone down in service."
"Flew from Philadelphia to Dublin old plane unfriendly staff - one screen for 50 people and 1 movie in 5 hours. Pasta and bread tasted the same and fixed recline for seats. Unsatisfactory! Will switch to another airline next time."
"I cannot find one thing to say about this airline that is complimentary. Had a flight from Orlando to home and arrived 2 hrs early. Line and kiosks were absolutely packed. And why is that? Because there are only 2 check in people working. Of course I am late for my flight and spend the rest of the day trying to get on a stand by. AA workers at the gates very unhelpful and dismissive. Tell me if I am not some kind of gold customer I cant be put on a stand by list. Terrible customer service in every way. I will never fly them again and do not recommend anyone else to either!"
"After a cruise in Ft. Lauderdale we took a connector flight to Dallas on the way to Phoenix. Upon arrival had to sit in the plane 2.5 hours as there was a plane in our gate. Because of snow and ice on runway and also because Dallas is not prepared for this and American could not find a pilot we were cancelled. So for the next 24 hours we spend in the Dallas Fort worth airport we spend 8 hours waiting in lines for a flight and slept along with about 100 people on the floors and in chairs in the airport as the hotels were full. I felt sorry for seniors would had to endure this drama as there was little to no help from American Airlines. Finally after 2 cancellations and 1 standby refusal we found a flight to Phoenix."
"Flight from MSP to DFW to MIA was late both flights and each time they were highly unorganized. Late to board and very uninformative to passengers. Flight itself ok. Very uncomfortable seats and I'm an extremely small figured person. Flight returning from MIA to DFW and then to MSP was a disaster! Got to the airport 2.5 hrs early and had American Airlines bump my flight unbeknown to me to a following day! They put me on standby with a confirmed seat and then argued when I didn't get on that I was late when I was there an hour before departure. They did not out me on and when talking to a supervisor and his pawn they did nothing claiming it was not their fault even though I had a confirmed seat on time and they bumped me. They did nothing to appease the situation and the girl behind the counter was very rude! I will never fly them again. Disorganized unprofessional and expensive!"
"After 30+ years of flying American I will now avoid them. My flight from Heathrow to Miami \"First\" was appalling with a complete lack of the usual amenities. The plane was old and tired media system small and ancient only 1 current movie of interest terrible food (inedible) and tantamount to false advertising in my eye to call this \"first class\". Be warned that unless you know the exact year and configuration of the plane you are flying the customer service department won't give you a definite answer you may have the same experience."
"Flew AA Cost Rica-Miami-Toronto. Ancient airplanes with drop down televisions every few rows. Couldn't read anything on the screens. Staff unhelpful and I never saw one of them smile. The man beside me (mistakenly) asked to purchase some cheese and crackers. The attendant literally threw a menu at him and hissed that they didn't have cheese and crackers. The seats were painfully thin and I could not get comfortable even in the Exit row isle. The only bonus you got a full can of pop although I asked for ginger ale and they didn't have any. Service only came through once and people were all complaining that they were parched and would like water."
"Booked on a Sunday morning flight from Miami to New York. Arrived at 6.50 for an 8.10am flight. There must have been 10 lines along a large expanse of the terminal. We were misdirected 4 times to the wrong line. The lines were 4 layers thick and moved incredibly slowly. We stood on one line for 40 minutes before we began to fear we would miss our flight because of the slow pace of check in. The American line attendants were unhelpful. They suggested self- check in but I explained that I had a dog. He then told me I was in the wrong line. The correct line was equally long and I missed my flight. I will never travel AA again. There are other choices between Miami and NY and AA is not less expensive."
"People are getting bigger not smaller. The seats were uncomfortably tight and small. Entertainment terrible can't they put on a recent movie. Not even a cookie was served! The airline attendants were stone faced. When leaving the plane no attendants present. This is the worst airline we have been on. We will never use it again even if it is cheaper. Flights both going and coming were 45 min to 1 hr delayed. We almost missed our connecting flights both times we were the last to board the plane with rude comments from workers that they are waiting for us!"
"All four of my flight legs were substantially delayed (one because they couldn't find one of the crew members). The airline took no responsibility for the delays-they did not have enough gate agents did not accommodate passengers who missed connecting flights or were trapped in airports overnight as a result of the delays and were extremely rude to passengers who asked for compensation. The seats were also very tight and I could not fit a normal sized backpack fully under the seat in front of me."
"Very poor long haul experience with American Airlines. Aircraft was ancient with one TV per 6 rows; wording on screens was illegible if sat at the side. Food was in edible. Crew failed to conduct a full cabin secure check with many hazards going unnoticed. Will not be flying American again."
"We paid a premium for a flight from Albuquerque to Orlando getting in at 5pm. As it turned out we could have arrived earlier on the cheaper flight with another carrier. We were delayed as always when flying AA. Eventually got in over 3 hours late. Asked for some level of compensation for getting in late even though we paid a premium for this particular schedule. Received an email saying we won't be giving any compensation and of course could not reply to the email. Sadly I will no longer fly this carrier. It has just been too many problems delays etc."
"Travelled from Miami to London on January 8th 2015 in first class. Very bad service and very shabby cabin. Here's a warning. Our meal was extremely disappointing it was cold and when we complained the meals were taken away and re-heated not safe. Also and worse still was my wife's meal. She needs Gluten Free food but her meal was terrible some chicken and rice which again was cold. When my wife made comments to the senior steward she told us that due to AA cutbacks they are withdrawing special meals. This was not denied by AA customer relations so if you have any kind of special dietary needs do not fly AA. Be warned."
"AA from BOS to MIA on Jan 26 (rather than on the 28th to avoid the storm) next in business MIA to Santiago Chile on the 28th as scheduled. Returned in economy Montevideo Uruguay on Feb 10 to MIA (rather than on the 11th to avoid a predicted storm). Finally on to BOS in first on February 12. I wish the in-the-air product always equalled the consistently excellent service we receive at the Platinum desk. Based on three of the four flights we found the experience professional. The flight however from Montevideo to Miami was characterized by perfunctory service with the crew basically invisible expect for the required meal service. When we boarded they were clustered together laughing. No assistance in boarding the very full plane and throughout the flight. AA has a lock on this flight; should do better. Primitive inflight system not working. Ratings below based on MVD-MIA flight not the other three which were fine."
"JFK to GIG on Nov 21st and return on November 30 from GIG to JFK. Flying business class all over the world with different airlines. They are by far the worst that I have experienced. Lousy old planes broken seats and tray tables entertainment system consists of ipads horrible food and drinks selections (half of what is on the menu not available). They are known to cancel flights for mechanical failures. The crew were nice and were aware of their company's issues."
"LAX-DFW-MEX and return - First/Business Class. My expectations were set fairly low as these were my 11th and 12th transit of DFW on American over the last 6-7 years but wanted to burn off some miles. Of these trips I can now say that 2 have departed on time out of this place. That said my trip down to MEX was uneventful. Food was fair at best and F/A's smiles seemed missing but was on time. The departure out of MEX back to Dallas was delayed by Radar problems at MEX. This set off a chain of events that resulted in a missed connection at DFW and while 90% could be attributed to the Radar problem. The flight was not posted on airport monitors and the gate was changed. The departure gate did not have the flight displayed so people had to ask if this was indeed for the DFW flight. Once on board the pilot announced a 59 minute traffic delay due to an early full ground stop. That 59 minutes went by plus another 20 or so with no further word from the crew. Late passengers arrived about an hour after the scheduled time and once loaded the door was shut and we pushed back. Since I signed up for Emails I received no fewer than 14 Emails that I didn't read until arrival in DFW which caused connection confusion that even one of their agents could not explain. As it turned out due to carry on bag only I could have made my first flight but apparently they gave my seat away thinking there would be no way I could make it. Coming into DFW I checked online and it showed what looked like I had been rebooked on the 2nd of 2 remaining flights but Emails after arrival which were generic made me think I had been rebooked on the first of the two. All 3 remaining flights were at different terminals which didn't help. Food offered on both return legs was ridiculous same thing on both flights which means they boarded the little biscuit sandwiches at DFW flew them to MEX to serve on the return flight."
"Travelling from Bogota to London via Miami we lost our connecting flight at Miami Airport due to delay of our first flight with American Airlines. We waited 5 hrs in a long queue with other passengers that have also lost connecting flights with AA. AA staff was really impolite. Their only offer was to travel to Dallas next day and from there to London. They didn't offer accommodation and we stayed all night at Miami Airport (12 hours) We finally reached London 24 hrs after our initially scheduled time. They didn't offer any kind of compensation. Never travel again with AA."
"JFK-Bermuda-JFK. Flight to Bermuda uneventful though only soft drinks served despite being an International flight at dinner hour nary a peanut to be seen. Seat comfort was reasonable for a 1 hr 37 min flight. One flight attendant was extraordinarily rude and sassy loudly scolding numerous passengers about a number of trumped up infractions. Return flight to JFK was overbooked so we and others were hauled into an American Airlines office told we would have to be rebooked the following day. After waiting a while with no further time left to clear customs American told us to be re-booked each passenger would have to pay an additional $298 above the flight ticket already paid plus a fine. American refused even to ask if other flights (Delta or Jet Blue) had space later that day when no one was willing to pay all the extra charges to re-book on American the following morning or even tell us where the other two airlines were located. As it turned out Delta had only Business Class seats available (they said) but Jet Blue could accommodate everyone for a charge of $198 per person. American is clearly not very customer friendly and one would think twice about flying with them again in the future. JetBlue as it turned out had more leg room served a snack and their crew onboard was much better organized and politer than American had been."
"AA0071 1/12/2015 FRA-DFW. Actually my flight was with Etihad however the connection from Frankfurt to Dallas Fort Worth was with American Airlines. The plane outside looked great however once I boarded it looked like I was still in the 1960's. Damaged/not working light switches ugly and dirty seats and the 12 hour long flight had no monitor to watch anything. I will try to avoid American Airlines in future."
"In spite of the fact that we booked and paid for a $4K vacation a month before the actual travel AA wouldn't assign my husband and I actual seats. This meant we couldn't print out boarding passes before getting to the airport. However if we were willing to pay extra $ they would give us seat assignments. In coach. They were basically holding the seats hostage unless we paid a ransom to free them. When I enquired w/ AA as to why they actually said that our $4K payment gave us the \"service\" of flight/flying not the actual seat. They also said seat assignments were handled by the gate. An out and out lie since an extra $60 or more would have gotten us seat assignments on the spot."
"We used American for the first and last time 1/5/14 for a flight to Cabo (flight 1087). We had a transfer in Chicago that's where the nightmare began. We arrived 15 minutes early but had to wait for almost 1.5 hrs to get off the plane. The pilot said the gate was not clear yet because we were early then they were de-icing then the baggage handlers then crew problems. Our connecting flight was delayed an hour so we would just make it. The flight was scheduled for 10 am delayed until 11 but no gate given then 12 then 2 then 3 then 4 then 5 then 6. We found out sometime after 2 that the plane was in Seattle. They never offered an apology although they did give us 12 dollar meal vouchers. We got 2 sandwiches and had to pay for our sodas. We were scheduled to be in Cabo at noon that day but did not get there until 10pm. A day of our vacation was lost 9 hours of aggravation and never offered any compensation for this terrible service. Just a quick comparison we went to Cancun in November on Southwest airlines they had a problem processing our boarding passes 20 minute delay we were afraid we were not going to be able to go but they got the problem fixed. If you have a choice for flights choose a company that cares."
"Flew from Seattle to Santiago via Miami. The flight to Miami was uneventful on a 737. The flight to Santiago left much to be desired on an antique 767. Seats were uncomfortable and stained. The meal was bland and unappetizing to look at - made the mistake of having the chicken. The old school \"entertainment\" system was a throwback to the 70's and the movie was only available in Spanish. It was a moot point though as I could not see the 12\" screen from a dozen seats away anyhow. The return flight was canceled. We were rebooked the next day on a 777 which was a welcome change. Unfortunately this plane was filthy and the FAs were quite rude. To cap it off as we were boarding we were stopped on the jetway and told that AA has a no outside drinks policy so we would have to throw out the bottles of water we bought airside before boarding our 10 hour flight. On the plane I timed it and after the original thimble of water it took 5 hours to get another one. I learned my lesson and AA will not get my business again."
"Flight 1021 on January 24 from Granada to Miami. This was a terribly crowded and hot plane. Flight duration was about 3 hrs 45 mins. The flight attendants made a single pass through the cabin to offer drink service and pick up cups which took no more than an hour and a half. After this they were not seen for the last 2 hrs 15 mins of the flight. I found three flight attendants seated at the rear of the plane. I have never had worse inflight service and had never seen a more lazy group of flight attendants."
"Booked flight and hotel with Travelbag and was horrified to discover that I was flying with AA! We flew economy from Heathrow to Miami Miami to San Jose. Check-in was good and we got good exit row seats on the first flight. Second flight we got bad seats and rude staff. Return journey again we got good exit row seats but had more bad staff does AA specialise in them? Not as bad as I thought but due to rude staff I won't be rushing to fly with them again."
"Flight 287. Our Flight was supposed to be non-stop from Miami to LA. Plane developed a problem as we sat waiting to leave the terminal. It took 2 hours to determine it was not fixable. We were compensated with headsets and two granola bars while we waited for the news that American Airlines was trying to find another plane. No plane was available so we deplaned and waited another hour in the terminal for the decision to fly to Phoenix where we could refuel on the same plane and go on to LA. By now the flight is 4 hours late leaving. Arriving in Phoenix the captain said \"Good news is we are in Phoenix the bad news is the crew has to stand down due to FAA regulations.\" Another delay - All the passengers were shuttled around to other flights. It's late we are all exhausted and had been lead along by a string of lies. We missed our connecting flight by 6 hours and had to stay in LA. Two granola bars and a pair of headsets. One lie leads to another creating distress for the passengers and the consequent employees that had to deal with the avalanche that resulted from a full-flight of unhappy flyers. It was a nightmare. I will never fly American again."
"DFW to Milan Italy via JFK in December 2014. On check in for this flight at DFW the agent informs us the flight is over sold in economy so we inquire about being switched to British Airways on the non-stop to LHR then on-wards to Milan. The AA Agent looks puzzled and quickly said we cannot switch you to BA. At this point we are confused as AA/BA have a tie up we know for a fact Delta can put you on Air France if the flight is over sold. So then we head to JFK with the domestic leg good on a new plane. At the AA terminal 8 at JFK we come to find out the AA lounge coupons given to use are no good but the AA Agent in the lounge makes an exception for the lounge since Christmas is around the corner. Finally we board the AA flight to Milan. Since we own the AA credit card we are allowed to board with Zone 2 but the red jacket agent stops us saying your AA Credit Card is useless and does not work for zone 2. Finally get on the flight and the flight leaves on time. Meals and service were good as AA has to compete with Emirates on this sector but AA really lacks any economy class in flight entertainment. There are no personal TV screens in each seat like Emirates offers. The seats in economy class are too small on AA. Since AA has put TV screens every few rows no one can sleep on this flight as the lighting from the TV screens is very annoying. To end the flight the Breakfast was very good in economy. Overall if AA would match Emirates with proper in flight offering in economy class they would have a good product but till they do this one is better offer taking Emirates if flying to Milan in Economy class."
"I have 2 children. One is 8 month and the other one 2.5 years. They don't give priority to board the plane to families with babies nor seniors. Secondly the staff who help you when you are checking in are useless. When you get to the airport you have to check in using their computers but if you are traveling with infants you have to line up for more than an hour. When we lined up an AA employee approached us and confirmed that we were in the right line. One hour later the staff member who was about to help us check in said that we were in the wrong line. Once at the gate they didn't give preference to families with babies. Somebody said through the speaker that there wasn't enough room for our carry-ons and that we had to check them in at no cost. When we approached the staff member at the front desk guy to ask him where to leave the carry on he ignored us. Lastly this airline charges you extra for your luggage. Our ticket was very expensive and on top of that we had to pay extra for our baggage. This is the first and last time that I travel with them."
"I try to avoid them whenever I can but as a student I have to go for the cheapest so I gave them another try from Miami to Milan. First of all no private screens on a 9 hour journey should be banned. Although I did sleep most of the time I would have liked to listen to some music or watch a movie of my choice not chosen by them. Besides that the aircraft didn't seem very well kept and the food was just bad. To make the matter worse the plane was delayed by 6 hours and they kept changing our gate telling the plane was broken. Would try to avoid them if you can."
"Why is there always some \"breakdown\" with American? I live in Alexandria LA and only have three choices and unfortunately I am forced to fly AA. Normally only 1 out of 4 flight go without some type problem. Always late or delayed. Flight Crew doesn't show up. Gates are changed sometimes up to 5 times. And lost bags are the norm. Why can't AA get their game together?"
"I recently flew from Brazil to Los Angeles on American Airlines and it was the longest most uncomfortable international flight I have ever been on. In addition to the dirty looking and old interior the broken flush button on the toilet and the only semi-functioning \"entertainment\" device the staff were rude and had horrible attitudes. One flight attendant actually rolled her eyes at me when I asked for headphones. Her response was \"Don't you have an iPod or something that you have headphones for\". When I said no she rolled her eyes and said she would see if they had any but everyone brings their own headphones now. The food was horrible as well. It was the most unpleasant flying experience I have ever had. I will avoid flying American Airlines at all costs in the future."
"New York to San Francisco 20 Dec 2014 AA179. San Francisco to Los Angeles 25 Dec 2014 AA2378. Los Angeles to Las Vegas 30 Dec 2014 AA182. Las Vegas to New York 4 Jan 2015 AA120. My partner and I were extremely disappointed with everything. All 4 flights were delayed not by few minutes but by hours. Later the staff would board all passengers on to the aircraft and in all the flights we would just sit on the tarmac for hours. Usually when you board the plane the CSD or the purser of the flight would greet you with a friendly smile and say welcome aboard or good morning etc. But in all the flights with AA they could not care less about passengers. Flight attendants were too busy talking to each other or. The grooming of the flight attendants was atrocious! Above all the flight attendants on all 4 flights were very rude and arrogant. They don't even bother to look or smile or talk politely with the passengers when they are boarding the flight. The seats in economy was so uncomfortable with minimal leg room. There is no comfort. It is okay for short flights but not very good for long flights like New York to San Francisco or Las Vegas to New York. We paid extra for extra legroom economy seats. Well AA should learn what extra legroom means. There was no extra legroom. The seats are terrible for tall people. I will never recommend AA."
"I have never seen anything like I saw today at MIA. We arrived an hour and a half before my son's domestic flight and could not believe the chaos at American's ticket counters. There were long lines at every kiosk and even longer lines at the checked bag line. After finally checking in at a kiosk my son could not print his boarding pass because the machine had run out of paper. I had been standing in the checked bag line and when we approached the employee and explained that we had a luggage tag but the boarding pass had not printed she directed us to another line that had easily more than 60 people! I then approached another American Airlines employee and asked for assistance and she was incredibly rude and offered no help. Fortunately we were able to get my son's boarding pass on the phone. Despite a ridiculous security check-in line he was able to board his flight on time. A friend of his that was on the same flight had to forcefully argue with other employees to get on the flight because they said they had closed the gate and would not let him board even though he was checked in!"
"Last January 13th I took my flight back from Madrid Spain to JFK AA 095 we started our flight two hours late not being informed about time or anything similar we were not allowed to leave the area inside the airport where our plane was and if we wanted they said that they would open our carry-on bags totally. We boarded and when we were boarding they informed us that we had a stop in Goose bay Canada to have gas otherwise we would not be able to get to New York the stop was 1h 30m long. We arrive in JFK so late that almost everybody lost their connection. However we were given new connections once we got out of the plane. But they did not give us any voucher or anything in compensation for this horrible flight. I would try not to fly American Airlines again."
"Flight Miami to LHR 13/01. Technically the flight was good early arrival very soft touchdown and excellent information from flight deck. However the cabin service left a lot to be desired. The crew were very unhelpful and the food poor by the standards of comparable airlines. Our return trip to the UK (operated by AA) was far inferior to our outward trip to Boston operated by BA. Given the choice at a comparable price level I would not fly with AA again."
"Itinerary: Chicago - Miami - Campinas Brasil. Flight from MIA to VRP was canceled because the AA crew did not show up. Service crew for the make-up flight were very nice and accommodating but the AA staff at MIA were not very friendly at all and we had to search for them after seeing our flight was canceled. On all legs the planes were AA and not very clean at all. Overall I lost a couple days traveling and when I arrived I felt dirtier than when I have flown better international carriers not to mention no personalized inflight entertainment or WiFi. Two thumbs down for international AA."
"I recently flew from Brazil to Los Angeles on American Airlines and it was the longest most uncomfortable international flight I have ever been on. In addition to the dirty looking and old interior the broken flush button on the toilet and the only semi-functioning \"entertainment\" device the staff were rude and had horrible attitudes. One flight attendant actually rolled her eyes at me when I asked for headphones. Her response was \"Don't you have an iPod or something that you have headphones for\". When I said no she rolled her eyes and said she would see if they had any but everyone brings their own headphones now. The food was horrible as well. It was the most unpleasant flying experience I have ever had. I will avoid flying American Airlines at all costs in the future."
"New York to San Francisco 20 Dec 2014 AA179. San Francisco to Los Angeles 25 Dec 2014 AA2378. Los Angeles to Las Vegas 30 Dec 2014 AA182. Las Vegas to New York 4 Jan 2015 AA120. My partner and I were extremely disappointed with everything. All 4 flights were delayed not by few minutes but by hours. Later the staff would board all passengers on to the aircraft and in all the flights we would just sit on the tarmac for hours. Usually when you board the plane the CSD or the purser of the flight would greet you with a friendly smile and say welcome aboard or good morning etc. But in all the flights with AA they could not care less about passengers. Flight attendants were too busy talking to each other or. The grooming of the flight attendants was atrocious! Above all the flight attendants on all 4 flights were very rude and arrogant. They don't even bother to look or smile or talk politely with the passengers when they are boarding the flight. The seats in economy was so uncomfortable with minimal leg room. There is no comfort. It is okay for short flights but not very good for long flights like New York to San Francisco or Las Vegas to New York. We paid extra for extra legroom economy seats. Well AA should learn what extra legroom means. There was no extra legroom. The seats are terrible for tall people. I will never recommend AA."
"In the air American was decent. We flew TUS-DFW-BNA and EVV-ORD-TUS and found the flight crew to be friendly and helpful for the most part. The issues we had were with customer service on the ground particularly in Dallas where our missed flight did not result in any support for our troubles. They also lost our luggage but they apologized and compensated us appropriately sending a check in a very timely manner. The MD-80s they fly are fine but the fact that I flew in a plane 5 years younger than me doesn't do much for my faith in the company. American Eagle's ERJs are horrible for anyone over 5 feet tall and they feel dated. The newer 737s were nice however."
"Itinerary: Chicago - Miami - Campinas Brasil. Flight from MIA to VRP was canceled because the AA crew did not show up. Service crew for the make-up flight were very nice and accommodating but the AA staff at MIA were not very friendly at all and we had to search for them after seeing our flight was canceled. On all legs the planes were AA and not very clean at all. Overall I lost a couple days traveling and when I arrived I felt dirtier than when I have flown better international carriers not to mention no personalized inflight entertainment or WiFi. Two thumbs down for international AA."
"I just flew on a Milan-Miami route with AA and thought the interior was extremely run down and dirty. No personal TV's poor choice of 2 films for a 10 hour flight cheap headsets dirty and broken toilets and disgusting food. My kids flew over thanksgiving one from Dallas to Madrid and another from JFK to Milan and the plane conditions were the same. Will never fly again AA on International flights!"
"NRT/ORD 777-300 I hesitated booking F/class on AA even with award travel because of their flight attendants' general culture of hostility towards passengers but I reasoned I'd be asleep for much of the flight. We sat on the tarmac for 45 minutes before taking off. When returning to my seat from the lavatory after we'd finally reached cruising altitude a flight attendant looked at me coldly and barked \"Put your seat belt on!\". There was some turbulence but this was not the way to handle it. The purser was friendly and efficient but he referred to my husband as \"Mr.---- \" and called me \"Dear\". The new seats were very comfortable though and I liked that my husband and I could spin the seats to face each other while dining (although the food was surprisingly bad). I slept well on the comfortable flat bed. If the food and service were comparable to the seat it would have been a great flight. Until then I'll continue to book transpacific premium travel on Asian carriers."
"I dread flying with American Airlines but with their association with British Airways (Who are fantastic) I have to for internal American Flights. Last flight was from Boston to New York with an onward BA connection to London. Arrived at Boston airport for check in very rude AA check in attendant who was unhelpful and just plain miserable. Onwards to the departure gate screens indicated a 25 minute delay. Was not too concerned as had around 4 hours to connect onto BA flight once landed in JFK. We then spent 2.5 hours waiting at the gate with hardly any communication from AA staff apart from \"Its a weather delay\" turns out it was due to a faulty aircraft door. Anyway the four hour connection time was fast approaching and people were starting to become annoyed and very irritated. Finally ushered onto the aircraft at speed as we only had a window of 25 minutes to board and be airborne if not flight would be cancelled as the crew would be out of hours. We boarded the aircraft and took off with around 4 minutes to spare. Seatbelt signs stayed on for the whole flight and apparently due to adverse weather the crew would also remain seated so no food or drinks would be served. I have honestly never been on an AA flight whereby the crew are smiling happy to serve you and are actually grateful for you flying with them and I have taken around 8 AA flights including across the pond the attitude at times is appalling. On the same holiday I was on a delayed Delta flight from Atlanta to Boston and the difference between staff was unbelievable was even given a free beer and sincere apology for the delay and more importantly was kept informed and the crew were cheerful and happy. AA manners cost nothing!"
"I am a long time traveler and loyal to American Airlines however whoever designed these \"new\" planes must have been 2 feet tall. The design is terrible. I am a slim 5'10\" and sat in a \"premium\" economy seat from Washington DC/LA on a nearly 6 hour flight. I sat next to two other tall people making it even more unpleasant. I will start with the good American has finally come into the 21st century and provides individual screens for in flight entertainment but still not nearly as good as Virgin America which also offers many free viewing options TV etc. Chargers USB are improved as well. Now the bad - the leg room and more so the seat/tray table configuration (even in premium) is appalling and even worse if the person in front of you reclines their seat which is highly likely. In my case they did and my drink ended up in my lap. If the seat in front is reclined you are pretty much trapped. The head rest \"wings\" that allow you to rest your head from side to side are so small anyone with a normal size head could not possibly use. They are ridiculous. The seat pocket basically holds nothing forget stocking up on magazines and books for your long flight as you will be carrying them in your lap or chucking them on the floor. Though it's nice to fly in a nicer and newer plane it is just shocking that no consideration was given to traveler comfort on these new planes especially if you are a over 5'2\". Not sure how the American or Boeing CEOs didn't catch this. They must have only tested out first class or they are all really short!"
"AA174 (Raleigh RDU-London LHR) on Dec 23 2014. We initially boarded the old rust bucket that is the 767-300 only to be disembarked a couple of hours later due to mechanical problems. They told us mechanics would have the problem fixed in 2 hours only for the inevitable announcement 3 hours later that they couldn't fix the plane and that we would depart the next morning. AA did provide hotels overnight but it was another 2 hour ordeal with 250 passengers lining up to see ONE representative. The next morning we all made our way to the gate boarded the same plane which the captain announced had been fixed and tested and waited for departure. Only we never departed. One hour later the captain announced the plane was STILL not fit to fly to the annoyance of us passengers. We had to wait a further 7 hours at the airport for another AA rust bucket 767 to come save us from London. After a 24 hour delay and 3 separate boardings for 1 flight we finally made it to London Christmas morning. My return flight (AA105) from London LHR to New York JFK operated on a brand new 777-300 was of course flawless. Lesson learned and tip: Do everything you can to avoid flying the 767 because chances are you won't be flying. They were good planes back in the 90's and 00's but they're unreliable these days. Moreover if you want entertainment and comfort avoid 767s at all costs. Ultimately AA is a good airline if you fly the right planes."
"January 1st Denver to Dallas Dallas to Wichita Falls. 5 hour delay in Dallas then canceled our flight. Told us no flights until Sunday/Monday refused to pay for food hotel rental and wouldn't give us our luggage. Ended up paying for my own hotel and splitting a rental with 3 other passengers. Luggage still in Dallas with no eta to get to me. 3 different calls to make a claim on luggage all three have said different information messed up my address each time and can't tell me why it wasn't delivered on next flight. Zero customer service. I will never fly AA again. I'll drive to Dallas and pay 3x as much to park my car to fly with anyone else."
"On flight from Austin TX to Manchester UK on 12/21/14 - paid for the additional leg room which could be better but was ok however the seats are the most uncomfortable seats ever. The more leg room you get the narrower the seat gets! 8 hrs in a cramped seat is ridiculous. My husband and I had seats 15a & b and left the armrest up between us to give us room for our arms the passenger in seat c I am thankful to say did the same thing. Seriously removing rows of seats to gain additional leg room is one thing but reducing seat widths to cram in more seats is in my opinion the most ridiculous idea they ever had. The staff were not the best and a little on the rude side. I have flown AA every time I had flown to the UK but I am considering a different airline for future trips due to the seats mainly. The captain did a great job - the entire flight was smooth."
"I had to book a flight from Orlando to Manchester UK the day after Christmas for a family emergency so naturally looked for the most affordable flight which by a few dollars was AA also taking into account flight times. I have flown this route with many other airlines in the past and AA was by far my worst experience. Flight left 40 mins late but did make up the time with a tail wind so we arrived on time. Some of the cabin crew were downright surly others were very pleasant. As I can't sleep on planes I rely on watching movies to pass the time but with no in-seat screens there was nothing to watch. I will never fly AA again even if it saves me money."
"American Airlines seriously needs to reconsider its business plan of overbooking every single flight on one day and how that affects passengers trying to make connections when one flight is late. They also need to train their employees to treat passengers with respect and provide more telephone customer service options that don't leave you waiting 45-51 minutes. My flight was 90 minutes late out of Miami and I therefore missed my connection to San Francisco and apparently every other flight was overbooked for the next 24 hours which is completely insane."
"Dec 10 & 15 Economy flights - DCA to LAX & back. To LAX we were forced to sit row 11 even after we reserved \"main cabin upgrade\". Crew member informed us that the aircraft was switched. Then on the way back from LAX to DCA Dec 15 after paying extra for the upgrade ($81 for my husband's 11D & $78 for my 11E - Boarding Group 1 already included) I had to pay on top of that $15 each for Group 1 boarding - the website just did not allow me to proceed with on-line check in! Our multiple calls to Customer Service/their response were really unacceptable! E- mailed the AA Senior Leadership no courtesy response at all. Never again."
"January 1st Denver to Dallas Dallas to Wichita Falls. 5 hour delay in Dallas then canceled our flight. Told us no flights until Sunday/Monday refused to pay for food hotel rental and wouldn't give us our luggage. Ended up paying for my own hotel and splitting a rental with 3 other passengers. Luggage still in Dallas with no eta to get to me. 3 different calls to make a claim on luggage all three have said different information messed up my address each time and can't tell me why it wasn't delivered on next flight. Zero customer service. I will never fly AA again. I'll drive to Dallas and pay 3x as much to park my car to fly with anyone else."
"On flight from Austin TX to Manchester UK on 12/21/14 - paid for the additional leg room which could be better but was ok however the seats are the most uncomfortable seats ever. The more leg room you get the narrower the seat gets! 8 hrs in a cramped seat is ridiculous. My husband and I had seats 15a & b and left the armrest up between us to give us room for our arms the passenger in seat c I am thankful to say did the same thing. Seriously removing rows of seats to gain additional leg room is one thing but reducing seat widths to cram in more seats is in my opinion the most ridiculous idea they ever had. The staff were not the best and a little on the rude side. I have flown AA every time I had flown to the UK but I am considering a different airline for future trips due to the seats mainly. The captain did a great job - the entire flight was smooth."
"I had to book a flight from Orlando to Manchester UK the day after Christmas for a family emergency so naturally looked for the most affordable flight which by a few dollars was AA also taking into account flight times. I have flown this route with many other airlines in the past and AA was by far my worst experience. Flight left 40 mins late but did make up the time with a tail wind so we arrived on time. Some of the cabin crew were downright surly others were very pleasant. As I can't sleep on planes I rely on watching movies to pass the time but with no in-seat screens there was nothing to watch. I will never fly AA again even if it saves me money."
"Flight 3314 supposed to depart 845pm. Six gate changes rude staff. An hour and counting delay while we wait for catering truck. I hate flying American. Will use it only as last resort now."
"Supposed to leave Miami to Milan at 14.30 but delayed twice. In the end we left with 4 hours of delays. The plane was an old fashioned 767-300 seats were small and dirty. Entertainment was overhead screens far from our seats. A real nightmare."
"Flew First Class from Buenos Aires - Dallas/Ft Worth on a 777-200. The seats while dated are roomy with lots of leg room and storage space. Boarding was quick although the agents and gate security at EZE leave a bit to be desired. Our flight attendants were ok nothing remarkable. Food was filling and of fair quality. The seat is lie- angled and not super comfortable but comfy enough to relax and watch the dated IFE. I can't complain about sitting in First Class on this 11 hour flight but the whole experience was just mediocre."
"AA63 CDG to MIA AA931 MIA to EZE AA990 GIG to MIA AA62 MIA to CDG. Worst cabin service unimaginable seats still using the ancient TV screens on ceiling on Trans Atlantic and South American flights! Imagine looking at a small screen on top of the ceiling during a 10 hour flight. They only screen 1 movie on the entire flight."
"Flight from Miami to Phoenix flight 303. First class was a major disappointment from old plane to slowest service ever no pre-flight drinks and then waited over 1 hour before a beverage was served. Sorry to say the New American feels like to old AA famous for poor service. Loyal US Air at least they tried and had a sense of urgency."
"Round-trip from Miami to CDG Paris. Cabin seats with little to no leg space and I'm not a large person. I passed on the food on the return trip as the chicken dish on the trip from Miami to Paris was lukewarm and horrible. In recent years I have seen fares on the international flights rise rapidly and in my opinion they have done little to justify the price increase. In the future I will look for another airline."
"I had about a 10 hr non stop flight from Paris to New York. There was no in seat TV. Only 2-3 TVs in the aisle and they asked for $5 each for headphones to listen to the movies they were playing of their choice. All the flight attendants were rude. I needed a blanket but they denied this. Overall it was a lesson for me to avoid American Airlines flights wherever possible."
"Flying from O'Hare to DC - rude attendant who let several passengers on board with 2 bags some larger than my single carry-on. I had to stow my bag because I had a shopping bag. When I offered to collapse the bag and place it under the seat I was told that I could not carry both onto the plane. Once we boarded the plane we were kept on the ground for 3 hours without water and/or food for those of us unlucky enough to not have brought our own on board. When I asked an attendant if I could have a bottle of water I was told that no service could be provided and to be patient that we would be departing soon (this was about two hours before our flight took off). When the flight eventually took off we were offered options for snacks when I requested my option I was told that they had run out. Why offer an option at all? When the drink cart eventually made its way to me I asked for a coke and was given 1/2 a coke served for me in a cup. When I asked for a second one I was told that they had limited quantities. Outdated plane with the tv screens down the middle row. Horrible service - rude check-in attendants and complete incompetence from the entire crew. I will not fly American Airlines again."
"Four hour fog delay from Midland to DFW. Sat on the Tarmac for a half hour to get to a gate at DFW. Then waited 45 min. on someone to open the door. Return flight was at 6.10pm - delay after delay and finally canceled at 9pm due to weather. Kicker is an AA flight left the same terminal an hour later for Midland. We couldn't schedule another flight to Midland until two days later. Agents were the rudest most disrespectful and uncaring people you would ever want to run across. If you ever desire to travel with AA don't."
"Flight from Chicago to Paris on Thurs (12/5/14) was nothing but miserable. AA brought two planes to the gate when neither could pass safety inspection. The big question is why the planes made it to the gate in the first place. Passengers were then told that another plane had been found (another gate) but it needed to be inspected cleaned and finally loaded - they did provide soda and pretzels during the 3.5+ hour wait (big deal). We finally boarded a not-too-clean plane (I found trash in the seat pocket) and it was cold for the entire trip. We saw the staff twice - once to serve what they call dinner and once when they served a cold breakfast. The trip was just plain awful and makes me want to give up travel by air altogether. One bright spot that has nothing to do with AA - it was a SMOOTH flight and we made it in record time due to a good tail wind."
"One way trip First Class from SFO-LAS via LAX.. First sector SFO-LAX excellent service crew couldn't do enough on this short flight. LAX-LAS complete opposite. Shame passengers had to hear how unhappy the crew were about their job."
"Scheduled to leave from Sacramento CA at 8am on 11/24/14. I got an automated call Sunday evening at around 11.30pm stating that my flight out of Sacramento would be delayed until 9:37AM. I was fine with this - I realize delays happen. I still arrived at the airport as if my flight were to leave at it's original 8am departure just in case. When I arrived at the American Airlines counter the women working there proceeded to tell me that because of this delay there would be no way for me to make my connection in Dallas to Montgomery. She made me feel confident that I would indeed miss my connection in Dallas. She said she had changed my flight connection in Dallas to an 9pm departure instead of the original 3.15pm flight out to Montgomery. I wasn't thrilled that I would be arriving much later but it would work. The flight from Sacramento arrived in Dallas at 2:45PM. I had thirty minutes to make my original flight. I made it with a couple minutes to spare. The women at the counter looked up my name and said I could no longer get onto this flight because my flight itinerary had been changed. I then was stuck in Dallas Airport for over 6 hours. AA staff I had talked to about my situation had any sympathy for the situation which made me even more angry. It was nothing but a speed bump into their work day. I would never recommend flying with American Airlines."
"Terrible service for the money that you pay. We flew from Manchester to New York direct the inbound flight took 9 hours seats where uncomfortable they only had televisions in the aisle - no PTV and no headphones provided. Served food half an hour into the flight then left for 7 hours without anybody asking us if we needed a drink - received a smaller snack 40 mins before landing which made you feel you had to rush as they where already standing waiting for the rubbish before you had finished. The staff were unfriendly and rude. The flight home was exactly the same and to get a drink you had to walk to the back of the plane and ask yourself with more than one occasion being told they had ran out."
"Manchester to New York. Their standards are poor even from arriving at the boarding gate - why split passengers into groups and then not pay attention to how those groups board the plane? Surely after business class and those with priority shouldn't the next set of passengers to board the plane be those at the rear. That process would help to ensure the plane left on time rather than almost 20 minutes late. Their fleet is old-fashioned with screens down the centre aisle which cannot be viewed from certain seats. The seats were uncomfortable - 8 hours spent in one of those is not a pleasant experience. We gained the impression that the crew and their requirements over-rode passenger considerations - clearing away too quickly before passengers had time to finish the poor quality meals having to be quiet whilst in the vicinity of sleeping staff and very few drinks/snacks being offered is not what long haul flights should be about. Even the crew's uniform was shabby."
"Nov 22 AA 1520 El Salvador to Miami. AA 2487 Miami to Orlando. Will never use this airline again. Connecting flights at Miami are the worst specially international flights. They schedule connecting flights within an hour and a half apart yet they land every international flight at terminal D in Miami 5-10 mins apart. On top of all this their outbound flights are late and incoming planes have to wait to have a new gate. What is the issue with this immigration and customs are 1 hour behind making it difficult to connect. You would think the airline can have someone trying to help you get through or guide you to reconnect to another flight well that is not the case. They take their time and don't care about you."
"What began as a simple flight from San Jose CA to New York NY (JFK) connecting at LAX has resulted in frustration and anger. Upon arriving at San Jose international airport with two hours to spare my fiancé and I each checked a bag. Our flight was projected to leave at 2.45pm PST and read 'On Time' on the departures kiosk. Without any announcement or updates our flight arrived late had to be refuelled and in turn was 30 minutes delayed. We missed our connection at LAX by five minutes and after spending far too much time in the customer service office were rebooked on a 9.30 Delta flight to JFK. Told there was no need to check-in all we would have to do is go to the gate and speak to the representative at the counter. An hour before our flight we walk to the appropriate gate only to be told that while we were listed as passengers there were no seats for us and that American should have booked seats on our behalf. We returned to the customer service office spending an hour waiting in line. An American Airlines rep took us from counter to counter trying to find us two seats on any plane. The only availability was on a place via Nashville to LaGuardia with an hour layover. As we were boarding we were pulled off the plane because he had found us a direct flight to JFK which would make finding our bags that much better. Finally arriving in JFK at 7.15 am our bags were nowhere to be found."
"Based upon our experience of American Airlines' flights from the USA to the UK several years ago and to reduce the effects of jet-lag my wife and I decided to take the daytime flight AA90 which departs Chicago (ORD) at 09.05 and arrives in London (LHR) at 22.45. In retrospect this was a mistake. The Chicago Admiral's Club lounge was most disappointing. Surprisingly no food (unless you paid for it) was available except a few sad-looking bagels and muffins. So we were hungry when the flight took off. We were seated in seats 2A & 2B (the first row on the B767-300ER aircraft) and the seats were comfortable enough with good leg room. However the aircraft was certainly showing its age. In business class (there is no first class on this flight) there are no seat-back screens and the passengers are given small tablets and Bose headphones on which to watch movies. The movie/music selection was poor and was nothing to get excited about. The food that we were served (breakfast and a pre- landing \"snack\") was probably the worst airline food we have ever experienced. It was virtually inedible and it compared extremely unfavourably with the food that we were served in British Airways business class on our flight to the USA three weeks earlier. Furthermore the cabin attendants were virtually invisible. On the eight-hour flight I was never once offered tea or coffee - all I was given was a bottle of water to drink. Two hours before the flight landed in London I had to find a flight attendant and ask for a Bacardi and Coke - no flight attendant ever asked me if I would like something to drink. Unlike British Airways business class on our American Airlines flight we could see no sign of a basket in the kitchen area containing anything to snack on (like bars and sweets). American Airlines do you think that this is acceptable? Just what are business class passengers paying several thousand dollars/pounds over the economy fare for? (You do not arrive any earlier than the people sitting in the back). The food and service we experienced on our flight from ORD to LHR were completely unacceptable and based on our recent experience fear that it will be a very long time before we fly on American Airlines in business class again."
"My wife and I flew from San Jose (SJC) to Chicago (ORD) on AA1530 in first class. San Jose is certainly a very pleasant little airport but unfortunately there is no American Airlines Admiral's Club room for first and business passengers. Our seats on the aircraft (3A & 3B - the first row of seats on the B737-800) were fairly comfortable and there was enough leg room. We had pre-ordered our meal on-line and it was described as miso chicken. Our meals although nicely served were of very poor quality so much so that my wife refused to eat any more after the first few mouthfuls. The flight attendant who looked after us was pleasant. courteous and helpful. But the three-hour flight as far as we were concerned was spoilt by food of very poor quality - not what you expect when you are travelling first class."
"DFW to LHR on new 777-300. Although American has updated their fleet and now have a business class seat that competes with most European carriers they really need to improve the service standard and the selection of their cabin personnel. Flight attendants were in a hurry to finish service and rude the quality of food just average and the presentation and amenities nothing remarkable. There was not the feeling of being in Business class on this flight."
"I flew American for the first time today and will never fly with them again. My entire experience was horrible. My flight was delayed for 2 hours causing me to miss my connecting flight. So in addition to having already spent my whole morning in an airport I had to have my second flight rescheduled which cost me an additional 2 hours of wait time. Then my second flight is delayed 30 minutes because according to the pilot they hadn't removed the Jetway tunnel. Finally I arrive at my destination only to be informed that my luggage ended up on a different flight from mine and that I would have to wait an additional hour and a half before that flight arrived. Never using them again."
"Flew New York to Las Vegas - October 22nd flight #45. I´m really surprised that American is not considered Low Cost. First you must do your own check in and pay $25 for your first luggage. Second you have to paid extra if you want a comfortable seat. I paid $59 to stretch my legs and I choose the first row after business class. There was a division panel so in fact there wasn't much room. Third in 5 hours flight only 1 complimentary drink and if you want food have to pay for it. Fourth They promote the internet onboard but this is not free $4 for email and more if you want to surf the net. The flight boarded with 1 hour and half delay due to a problem with a luggage compartment door. Seated onboard for another hour and then half an hour waiting for our turn to take off after leaving the gate."
"LHR-ORD return I have come to the conclusion that AA are probably the worst Airline I have flown with. First of all the planes wouldn't look out of place in a museum I haven't seen such an antiquated IFE system since the 1990's - suspended CRT monitors and they have the gall to charge nearly $6 a head for headphones. The food is awful with no choice to speak of - breakfast on both flights was a choice between omelette or scrambled egg since my daughter will not eat egg dishes on the outbound flight we asked if they could provide an alternative were curtly told we should have ordered a special diet meal. On the return flight we upset the crew by taking my daughters breakfast on board with us. The final meal - no choice just pizza. On both flights it was served so late that no sooner had we opened our cutlery than we were begin badgered by give up our trays as the crew needed to prepare for landing. During the outbound flight having slept for four hours and with no response to the call button I walked back to the galley to request a drink for myself and my family only to be told \"You have run us all ragged on this flight so we have closed up the galley and are resting so you'll have to wait for the meal\"."
"Manchester to Florida via Chicago. I had no real issue with the internal flights to Chicago but have a number of issues with the long haul flight to Chicago. The seats were in no way suitable very little leg room and I can imagine that it was very awkward if you didn't know the person sitting either side of you. The food wasn't too bad on the way out but if you suffered any dietary requirements it was tough. The flight ran out of certain drinks outbound and on the return journey. On the return journey we were sat at the back and we had to settle for what was left food wise as they'd run out of one of the options. The majority of the attendants were either rude sarcastic and had obviously missed the training session on customer service. Inflight entertainment was poor AA seem to be stuck in the dark ages with one tiny screen for every few seats. Overall I was very disappointed with the service which made a long flight seem even longer. I've definitely been spoilt with Virgin Atlantic who I will be using from now on."
"We always travel First class where available as we appreciate the extra details. We booked our family vacation first class from LAX to Maui on AA after a four day stop over in Disneyland. We had an early morning ride to the airport from Disneyland and check in went smoothly. The agent directed us to priority screening and The Admiral Lounge to relax in while waiting for our flight. Once we got to the lounge they tried to charge us $50 per person for lounge access. Normally with a first class ticket lounge access is part of that cost on all the other airlines we travel with. Not with American Airlines. They just chipped away at customer value by that one action for our family and I would recommend not using them if possible."
"San Diego to Miami - seating was so tight I couldn't read a magazine when the seat in front of me reclined. Extra charges for everything. A truly horrible experience but it was non-stop and they were punctual."
"Never again. We booked to travel from Manchester to Orlando. The aircraft in both directions was old cramped and uncomfortable. The temperature of the cabin was inconsistent. The entertainment was rubbish no seat back TVs which have always been a standard for all international flights that we have travelled on. The aisle TVs could not be seen from window seats which was pointless and dark sections of the movie could not be seen at all. Food was terrible my salad arrived uncovered and food was average. Ground crew were frantically trying to get people to give up seats flight was overbooked with many families not sitting together and children split from their parents on the flight! AA was not much cheaper than my other flight options. Avoid travelling with them!"
"My husband and I have just flown with AA from LHR to MIA and back and was very disappointed at the poor service and the rude and off hand attitude of the cabin staff in economy. As former Cabin crew myself I was astonished at the poor and lack of service on board. On the outbound flight there was no service for over 2.5 hrs as turbulence was expected. There was no attempt at any service during this time and the meal and drink were almost flung at us. I don't recall being offered a hot drink! No more service until the snack service which was an undercooked pizza. Pretty basic for a 9 hr day flight the return flight was no better. No drinks were served with breakfast as more turbulence was expected! There was no turbulence - in my opinion the crew didn't leave themselves enough time to carry out a full service. Considering the cost of the flight and the other ways airlines have of extracting money from pax such as priority boarding and choosing seats etc I expected better service and at least some courtesy! We felt that the service we received was unsatisfactory. I will not be recommending American Airlines after our disappointing experience."
"Awful experience. The cabin crew are amongst the rudest least helpful people you are likely to come across in life. I was travelling with two small children 2years and 8months. Having spent the majority of the flight on my feet rocking my 8mth old to sleep she finally fell asleep. Breakfast arrived unfortunately I knocked the tray onto the floor. The member of cabin crew stepped over it ignoring it. When I apologised and asked for help to pick it up he curtly said he would get it later. The breakfast was strewn all over the floor in front of the toilet. I had a sleeping baby in my arms. When another passenger woke up half an hour later my fellow passenger was kind enough to pick the items up."
"My wife and I travelled overnight to Rome on AA on Oct. 1 from JFK. It was very disappointing. There were no in seat videos on the Boeing 767. The overhead screens continued to play movies until just before landing which prevented me form sleeping. The economy section food was uninspiring to say the least with stale dinner rolls and a wedge of cheese for dessert. This is our last international trip on AA."
"AA is an embarrassment to US hospitality and service. I frequently fly business class transatlantic - have you tried to get past a neighbor who is lying flat to reach the aisle? It's almost impossible as the seats are so badly positioned and designed. And what about the Business lounge H at Heathrow the food available and decor are awful compared to any other major world airline - yes including some US competitors. Finally I am tired of the grumpy geriatric flight attendants that seem to dominate the ranks. All US airlines have lost ground compared to their European peers but AA is down at the bottom of the pile."
"This was my first and last time with American Airlines. Booked with British Airways from Dublin to Orlando. Flight out was fine as it was with BA but return was with AA - as they are partners of BA I thought the service would be the same. How wrong I was - flight was 2.5 hours delayed which meant we missed our flight from Dublin to Glasgow. I had to pay £190 to rebook flights. We were only allowed 1 checked bag each but with BA we were allowed 2 each. The stewardesses only came round once with drinks service and you had to pay for spirits. Plane seemed old. No inflight entertainment system in the back of seat instead TVs that came down where everyone had to watch the same film. No leg room at all. Very narrow seats that were extremely uncomfortable. I never complain about anything and when I read the reviews before our flight I thought they were exaggerated but honestly it's the worst flight I have ever been on and I wouldn't fly with them again even if it was free."
"I flew from CDG to JFK on October 14th. It was the cheapest direct flight which was quite punctual. So the basis is 100% fulfilled. But the overhead compartment opened during take off and things fell down. It reopened during landing. When I left the plane I said it to the steward he did not ask me where it was located. Just something common. In addition to this half of the flight was in the dark because of an electric malfunction that prevented us calling for assistance. That is the visible part of the aircraft for the passenger. To fly in an old plane ok but it has to be nicely maintained."
"Always delays even when the plane is the first one out in the morning. Frequently when there are going to be weather delays the airline won't cancel so you can make alternative arrangement until you have sat all day waiting. I fly frequently and American always has some excuse for why they can't help their delays. Sick of this airline."
"I was flying from Miami - Sao Paulo on AA929 on the 10th July 2014 on a 772ER in First. Having arrived from LAX 2 hours prior I was absolutely exhausted and was hoping to get some sleep on this leg. Boarding was smooth and the flight took off on time once the aircraft had reached cruising altitude and the seat belt sign was turned off I made my way to the galley and requested one of the two FA's (both were busy discussing their personal problems rather then attending to passengers) to turn down my bed I received a shocking impertinent response from her: \"So you want me to push a button for you\". Disgruntled and furious I prepared the bed myself and slept for the remainder of the flight. Around an hour before landing I was poked and woken up by the same rude flight attendant. At that point I expressed my frustration and told her she was not fit for purpose and shouldn't be working customer service orientated role. American Airlines has a good product in First (for a North American airline) I managed to sleep comfortably; however their poorly trained rude staff make it an unpleasant experience. Upon completing my flight I cancelled my return with AA and subsequently purchased a new flight with TAM which has a far superior product and customer service it's a shame they're suspending their first class on all routes from early next year."
"I recently flew from Chicago to Dublin Ireland on American Airlines - never again. The planes on both legs were filthy the toilets stank there was no individual IFE only shared screens on a 8.5 hour transatlantic flight the cabin crew were the rudest most unfriendly people I have ever met everybody sitting around me agreed. People had asked for blankets etc. but never got them. And to add insult to injury we were delayed 2.5 hours out of Dublin the crew didn't apologize and hit and the back so as to not have to deal with the passengers. If traveling from Chicago to Dublin I highly recommend either Aer Lingus or United. Both have good IFE their planes are clean and their staff are pleasant and accommodating. American Airlines in my opinion has gone downhill despite all their promises of improving their planes and services."
"Flew with AA Flight 734 Miami to Philadelphia to connect to Manchester on 30th September. The outbound flights both with US Airways. AA refused point bank to help me book the seats for 734 when I rang the UK customer services. Both agents need a training course last one told me to arrange seats at airport. US Airways helped me with seats for my family on their 3 legs. I tried to log in to my flight the night before to book seats to together and found to my horror there were no seats together and I had no choice but to choose from the few left. Arrived at Miami and flight was showing on time. Shortly before take off it became a 30 minute delay. Many people waiting concerned as they had connections like us. Some had no boarding passes for their US airways flight as they could not print these on check in. Unhelpful lady at desk would not help meaning those without passes then had to go chasing around PHL airport to get passes printed. Flight landed 30 minutes late cue rush as the plane was packed and most had connections to make. We were lucky as our flight departed from Terminal A. Still it left no time to go to any shops or buy food and drink. For their abysmal customer service for refusing to help me but worse by far for the first time in my life having my entire family split up on a plane and having to sit with total strangers I will boycott AA. US Airways in contrast were very good and helpful. Goodbye AA they just don't seem to care anymore. Had to give 1 star for entertainment. Should be a 0 option as unless you pay you get nothing! Wifi? Oh yes pay for that as well!"
"Flew from Manchester to New York and it was by far the worst airline I've ever flown with. Old tired plane with aisle screens - shocking when flying international. I couldn't even listen to the film as something had broken off inside where I was meant to plug in my earphones. The flight attendants response? 'Oh I'm not sure what I can do about that.' Disgusting customer service. The so called 'entertainment' consisted of 1 film then American programmes that I've never even heard of then it was turned off altogether 2 hours before we landed! The staff were very abrupt and just looked fed up - the food was hands down the worst I've ever had on a flight."
"October 6th 2014 MIA-STT. American Airlines is a low budget airline at best with premium airline prices. The service that American Airlines provide is on par with Spirit Airlines and Ryanair. Why pay so much to get there when someone else gets you there for less with same level of service."
"I have not flown for a long time but I must say I was very disappointed. I took a trip from Tampa Florida to Boston MA and twice fights were delayed. It's a shock to me that airlines charge so much to fly and then your experience is so poor. In this day and age delays should not be happening for this amount of time. I cannot consider them again."
"I took a flight from Phoenix to Miami with Nassau Bahamas my final destination. I was extremely disappointed in the first class service. On a 3.5 hour flight we were offered one glass of either wine or water and twice a snack. Granted it was a red eye flight regardless the service should have at least offered a breakfast and coffee/tea. We landed at 7.30 Miami time which is long past morning coffee. This is the second time I took this flight and won't travel it again."
"This is the first time in about 15 years that I have flown AA. Never again! This airline doesn't care about customer service. Our flight out of DFW was delayed 4.5 hrs. Never was there an announcement. The gate changed 5 times. The flight being delayed was never addressed. DFW airport at AA is absolutely awful. While sitting for 5 hours and speaking to other passengers we found out the majority of flights were delayed for some reason or other. There were few if any gate representatives around. Nothing was explained to anyone."
"Traveled with AA MIA to SFO and return. Oct 1st and 5th. 738 on the first leg. 5.5 hr min flight one beverage service offered. Return flight 757 and 2 beverage services offered. Pay extra for better cabin seats pay to check a bag and hardly a smile. Really felt like cattle and not a pleasant experience. Waited for one hour to receive bags on the return arrival in Miami. It is truly a shame to see the deterioration of service in the industry and the total lack of customer care."
"Over crowded flight. They actually overbooked. Had 2 hour delay and another hour delay on the connecting flight. Had to literally run to the connecting gate due to such a late arrival the gates were very far apart. Plane was filthy. I don't think they clean them ever. Seats are small and uncomfortable. Can't even fully open the tray tables. I'm not a large person and I was unable to do it so I'm sure large people can't use them at all. However they do have tablets built into the seats but you can't do much on them unless you pay a high fee. Will not fly with American Airline again."
"My Wife and I flew 28th Sept Vancouver to DFW to Orlando Business/First. Breakfast omelette cold sent back asked for a second warm scone instead! We were not the only pax to send the cold omelettes back. Admiral Club in DFW refused us entry. Never refused entry into Airline lounges before showing First/Business class tickets? My Priority Pas came to the rescue allowing me entry into a different lounge at DFW. The staff seemed very disinterested in what was going on and this includes a non existent cabin check prior to landing at Orlando. Will never waste my Dollars on First/Business on American domestic flights in the future. Nearly forgot - had to pay for wi-fi!"
"Original flight was from LGA to DFW. After flying in circles in the air for half an hour we finally re-routed to land in Little Rock Arkansas. We sat on the runway in the plane for at least two hours with no offerings of good or water even after the 4 hour flight. I understand completely this is weather related and only looking out for our safety however this was not handled well at all. When asking the stewardess for water- it's like it was a huge inconvenience. We finally deboard the plane in Arkansas and were told to wait around to see if the flight is officially cancelled - an hour later it was. Hotel rooms were not offered to be paid for not even a meal or anything at all. Everyone paid out of pocket and waited to de board the next morning. Back at the airport at 6am and we were told to use our old boarding passes and go directly to security- they refused us and made is wait back in the long American Airlines line to get a new boarding pass. My final destination was Austin which was also cancelled. They put me on a flight to Houston in first class which was unexpected. However I decided to just rent a car and drive to Austin from Dallas but I was told that there was no possible way to get my bag because it was listed as priority to Houston. Well our flight from Arkansas to Dallas was delayed an hour then the flight from Dallas to Houston was delayed another hour. First class wasn't anything special honestly more leg room and drinks served in glass instead of plastic. Finally arrive in Houston waiting at baggage claim and guess what - my bag isn't there. I was told it was on the next flight coming in from Dallas which infuriated me after I wanted to originally take my bag in Dallas as it was. Waited around the airport for another hour or so and finally get my bag with a big orange sticker on it saying \"priority\". Yeah right. Never will fly American again."
"Recently flew DUB-ORD - 22 year old 767 ORD-LAX-SFO 737's SFO-LAX-LHR 737 and new 777. Apart from the fact that I got there and back safely I must say what a disappointment the airline is in terms of inflight entertainment comfort staff and food/drinks. I fly regularly from the UK mainly East on EU/Asian airlines or within Europe and I now realise how spoilt we are here. When comparing AA to QR EK etc they just do not compare in any regard. The old 767 aircraft in a very tired state still had analogue buttons for their armrest music entertainment system and huge drop down crt displays. Food was awful and very poor quality on takeoff. The pre-landing snack a deep dish pizza was much better albeit on the greasy side. Domestic US services were on 737's - one with the new sky interior and 2 older interiors. All perfectly fine to get me from point A to B. Plenty of rather expensive food purchase options in the terminals and ability to bring food on board was good. I did not think much of the in- flight food menu for purchase - limited choice and not great quality it would seem. Nice touch for in-flight wi-fi although I didn't use it. The biggest disappointment and a real embarrassment was the supposed 'flagship American service' from LAX-LHR. Super cramped seating in 10 abreast layout in economy meant no elbow room whatsoever. Very poor in-flight entertainment system - hard to navigate difficult to find music titles plus generally limited selection. The catering was shockingly poor for dinner a chicken dish which was flavourless and served with a salad with grated cheese and dressing some crackers with cheese spread a biscuit for dessert and a cold and chewy roll. Breakfast was similarly disappointing and consisted of a yoghurt orange juice and a horrible leathery croissant served with jam and butter. A continental breakfast on a service between the states and the UK? Where is the sausage and eggs? Even Qatar give the above and a hot dish as their breakfast in better quality. The embarrassment really comes with the announcement at the start of the flight where we are introduced and welcomed to their 'flagship' service. It is laughable. On a plus note the drinks service was perfect. Crew were very hit and miss on all sectors. 767 is way above the 777 in terms of comfort and space. I would much rather have 9 abreast in a 777 or a 22 year old 767 then this flagship 777. Good USB/power options though - that's probably the only thing that they got right on AA136. I would go out of my way to avoid AA in future unless price is the only factor."
"Manchester to Las Vegas via Chicago. I currently live in Dubai and travel quite frequently using Emirates so I have probably been spoilt. The planes we flew on with American from the outside looked very modern however once we boarded things were very different. The interiors were outdated and looked like they had been in use since the 70's the interior was dull and the seats were like something out of a scrap yard mine was actually broken from were the trolleys had banged into it coming down the aisles. None of the economy seats had single televisions which I just could not believe for a long haul flight! Only business class are given portable tablets to watch the entertainment. The food was very poor and tasteless and the flight crew were bickering between themselves from take off to landing. I was extremely disappointed with this airline and I have vowed never to fly with them again please be warned as we spent a lot of money on this holiday only to be left disappointed by this carrier."
"Last night I flew from O'Hare to Dublin Ireland with American Airlines. I am a seasoned transatlantic traveler and have flown all airlines from North American to either Shannon or Dublin Ireland. On boarding the 767-200 aircraft I was astonished that there was no AVOD on the place only the large overhead screens which went out 15 years ago. Everybody sitting around me was annoyed as we all had to watch the same movies for the 7.5 hour flight. It is probably going to be the same on the 8.5 return flight - never again American Airlines."
"Travelled last week from Vancouver to Lima via Dallas on a paid business class fare. Entire experience was a huge disappointment the flight crews were indifferent seats were uncomfortable especially in the 757's from DFW to Lima. Did not get my pre ordered meal on the Lima - DFW return. As a business class passenger the Admirals Club at DFW was underwhelming. Had to pay for water. Will travel any other airline unless there is no other option. What a horrible product."
"I flew with American Airline from CDG to NYC and was outraged by the aircraft used a 757 with a very uncomfortable Biz Class old seats and basically an outdated aircraft. The inflight service was just OK and it is far from the standards used by American when flying to Asia. On the return trip it was a 767 and the experience was as awful as the way in. There is no comparable Biz Class in any Major European airlines American should rethink their product and services approach on these routes. Pathetic!"
"Fight #1636 from Miami to Washington DC on Friday September 24 delayed for an hour due to the problem in Chicago then sat for 1.5 hrs inside the plane with no AC due to a maintenance issue. Typical of this airline - being treated like cattle."
"I flew on 23rd Sept.2014 on AA291 from Dublin to New York and after over 30 years flying with American I can say the airline is in deep trouble the staff obviously did not care about the passengers and if that is what happens in business class I feel sorry for economy class which is a cattle truck anyway. No water offered no wine offered no announcement about baggage pick-up at JFK. You had to ask for everything and the body language was why are you bothering us."
"I had to take my parents to the airport today to fly from SEA to JFK. We were on Alaskan Airlines flight powered by American Airlines. They were early to the airport for check-in at Alaska but got directed to go to American Airlines because for some reason we needed to check in there. The Alaskan Airlines employees were very cheerful and eager to help. Then when we showed up to American Airlines we were not even able to check-in even though they had 43 minutes before takeoff. They were 2 minutes late for automated check in. Then they had to wait in another line which gave them another flight which added an extra stop in Dallas. This changed their travel time from 5.5 hrs originally to a 9 hr journey. We had to accept even though we tried to plead them to get them on the original flight. The terrible thing is that they got to their standby gate 15 minutes earlier than the original flight was going to take off. And by no means are my parents fast people even with the normal lines in TSA. They could have made their original flight! I will never do third party travel sites again and the stupid confusion on flights was terrible."
"Flew last month business class JFK-CDG. Flight delayed almost 4 hours announced 1 hour prior to departure. The attendant in the lounge told me we were lucky we had a plane. After boarding I was told the seat was not operational there was a barely visible sticker. But they did not know to what degree. The pilot had to look it up in his log. This took some 30 minutes. Verdict seat does not recline at all! They moved me to the back an arms reach from the coach bathroom. Each time someone went in and came out door slamming flash of light. There were 2 other much more desirable seats 4 AB it turned out those were for the staff. AA knows this are undesirable seats and it does not book them for their employees. The service on AA compared to other airlines is pitiful. With a few exceptions they treat you like they are doing you a favor. You never see a smile. The food most of the time is just plain bad. Due to the delay I almost missed my connection. After arriving to my final destination I found out that my luggage did not make it they found it 2 days later. Due to having to file paperwork for the missing luggage I missed my connection. AA is trying to blame it on the other airline."
"This is my first and last time to fly AA. Booked my vacation 6 months in advanced for Sunday to Sunday in the Dominican Republic. Arrived on Sunday morning to find out AA switched our flight to their sister company US Airways. Went to US airways to check in and they had no record of the switch. Went back to AA and after a search located our reservation. However this took so long that we missed our flight and they didn't have anything else going out on that day. They rebooked us for Monday morning and tried fixing it with $200 voucher (my non refundable room was $300 plus missing a day of vacation). On Monday morning (5.15 am flight) we showed up and checked in and got on the plane it is now 6.15 am and we are still sitting at the gate because an exterior light is out. You would thing they could have fixed it overnight. Anyway no matter how the rest of the flight goes they can't change my mind about the low scores on this review."
"I was scheduled to leave on Thursday at 3:05 PM (august 28 2014). I was called by American and notified that my flight was delayed out of San Diego so my connections would be missed. American then rescheduled me for a flight the following day at 8:30pm (over 29 hours after the departure date I had scheduled). I then called American and got them to put me on the original flight that was delayed and move my connecting flights. My plan was to just sleep in Chicago and fly from Chicago to London and London to Nice the following day. After taking the original delayed flight I got a hotel in Chicago for 200$ because the flight out the next day was not until 5:05pm. 5 hour delay on the flight from Chicago to London - over 2 hours were on-board sitting at the gate. I missed the connection from London to Nice and they put me on another flight which was also delayed 1 hour. I finally arrived in Nice over 24 hours later than the ticket I purchased. On the way back to San Diego everything went smoothly except my luggage did not make one of my connections. I finally got them to deliver the bag 56 hours after I landed."
"Most frustrating travel experience traveled from DC to Honolulu trip planned paid for fewer stops and earlier arrival leaving DCA boarded plane on time then proceeded to sit on a boarded full plane for 1.5 hours because there was an overlooked routine mechanical issue preventing the plane from regulating the cabin temperature. Missed connection gave me a ticket including two stops and no talk of partial refund just a condescending align. Fast forward 1 week and again we're delayed by 2hrs in Honolulu. If you value your time do not fly American airlines."
"I don't fly with American Airlines much anymore but I flew them to Seattle for Thanksgiving so flights were busy. I was in the very last row (row 32) of an MD-80 - it was noisy back there. My aunt was carrying our babies car seat which had food inside it it dropped into the first class aisle and one of the FA's glared at us and said \"you're dropping food!\" I mean really and she didn't even offer to help carry it? Fortunately a courteous passenger came and helped. Flight Attendant in coach was a lot nicer she even gave us some food for free after she saw how stressed we were. Then the return flight was cancelled because they could not get the hangar door open so American Airlines gave us some Hotel Vouchers. After getting back to the airport American Airlines gave us seats in First Class to make up for the bad night we had free food with larger seats and more legroom was ok but it was just not enough. We were tired and wanted to get home after landing back in Charlotte we had to deal with riding a packed bus to get back to the Long Term parking lot. This was the most tiring trip I have ever had for a domestic flight."
"9/10 from West Palm Beach to SNA 2.35pm connection in Chicago missed the 5.10 connection. Flight was delayed and missed connection - reason \"it happens traffic\". When I miss my flight because of traffic American charges passengers we should have vouchers for every time an Airlines misses timelines."
"Usually fly oneworld carriers. Last flight on American was a complete disaster. Boarded on time and it took 2 hrs before take off no explanation given until we left the gate. Very old 757. They said maintenance. Still some FA appeared on board before departing. Once airborne no service on a 4hr flight to SJU from JFK only food for purchase. FA rude and not professional. Arrived very late. It took more than 45 min to get luggage."
"Flt 986 St Thomas to Miami. ATC Delay in Miami (didn't tell us why but probably weather) not AA fault. Our aircraft left Miami for St Thomas returned due to medical emergency not AA fault. Aircraft arrived St Thomas and we departed 7.40pm (instead of 2.58pm) not AA fault. Arrived Miami and after 3 hours standing in line because in spite of knowing the flight was delayed four hours no one checked hotel room availability. We received meal vouchers for dinner ($12 and the restaurants were closed) voucher for hotel room (received at 2am waited 35 minutes for a van to a Holiday Inn had to be back at 5 to take advantage of the breakfast voucher $6 before the 7.14am flight to Dallas). Try to buy dinner for $12 or breakfast for $6 at Miami international. While we were in line no movement for over an hour because no one had checked room availability. Two attendants initially handling the entire rebooking for the flight. After over an hour another showed up at an adjacent gate. Shortly 'Denise' decided it was time for her to leave. She was 'supposed to leave twenty minutes ago\". Extremely poor planning overall. Poor accommodation after the fact. This is becoming the typical customer service quality for American and is really disappointing."
"LAX-DFW-ATL AA2410 1 Sep 14. S80 ancient aircraft. Very uncomfortable seats. Almost one-hour delay in DFW because of \"broken-seat\" paperwork. Delay in landing at ATL because we lost our gate. Slow baggage handling. Staying away from AA for a year or so."
"We flew from Manchester to New York at the end of August as a couple. We were surprised to be automatically allocated leg-room seats by an emergency exit at no extra cost. However we were extremely surprised and disappointed to be on a very old plane (still old logo) and had no personal TV screens for a long haul flight! I have never encountered this before. We could also barely see the shared TV screens. Only one film of two was shown. The air hostesses were distracted tired looking and talking amongst themselves for much of the flight. It felt like an internal AA flight. All the same was exactly true for our return flight but furthermore they could not seat us together on our wedding anniversary. If this is how UK Manchester customers are treated (the same surely can't be true flying out of London!) then prices should reflect the poor service. Avoid AA if at all possible."
"I flew early September 14 from Kuala Lumpur to Hartford CT return. The quality was very uneven. From KL to Hartford it was okay. On the long parts (KL to Frankfurt Frankfurt to Charlotte) we were given two meals and a snack. The meals were okay but I was disappointed on the snack which was cookies and chocolate. Of course no menu as with Etihad and Qatar. I know I know I chose the airline because of the low price. I was even more disappointed on the trip back. On the flight from Chicago to London the seats and space were so tight we could barely move. The plane looked old and shabby. It still had those communal TV!. Come on! On a 7-hour flight? Those things were so outdated! The flight from Heathrow was much better. It's the new A380. Still food was not much better. By the way flights from KL to Europe and Europe to KL were operated by Malaysian Airlines but the ones from Europe to US and vice versa were by AA. Overall I wouldn't recommend taking AA flying from Asia to US."
"Brand new 773 lovely looking aircraft clean interior but inferior product and service compared to alliance partner British Airways. 10 abreast seating is appalling for a long haul flight no comfort no headphones (this caught a lot of passengers out) cabin crew responded with \"the company doesn't give us any!\" - limited interaction with the passengers throughout flight. All in all very disappointing service with the \"new American\"."
"After a 6 hour delay originally attributed to a broken air conditioning component estimated to take \"45 minutes\" to fix myself and several other passengers changed our tickets to another later flight to the same destination. After being boarded on that second aircraft we were informed that the \"maintenance log had been removed from the aircraft and not returned as expected\" so we would need to wait until it was located. Initially this appeared to be mere incompetence but swiftly came to seem like subterfuge. Fully an hour later we have just been told there is a panel on our aircraft that has to be replaced. This is supposed to take 1 hour. Meanwhile our original aircraft remains grounded without further explanation. As a passenger I am apprehensive flying on aircraft in such poor repair and moreover feel deceived repeatedly by gate agents and flight crew who are either misinformed themselves or deliberately trying to hide the sorry state of American's fleet. This will be my last flight on American were I not attempting to attend a family wedding I would deplane now."
"Flew from DFW to LHR on a 777-200 with my seven year old daughter. This flight was completely full but was acceptable for a long haul flight. The crew were very nice and helpful with my daughter and made her feel at home on her first transatlantic flight. The food and beverage was quite good for economy. Coming back to the USA was an entirely different story. Flew from DUB-Chicago on an old outdated 767-300 that smelt bad and looked very worn. The carpet was dirty and so was the seats. Additionally it was unacceptable to fly transatlantic with community video screens that appear to be running from a DVD setup with poor picture quality and sound. Again the crew was fantastic and treated my daughter extremely well and was very help with making arrangements to catch our next flight to Dallas even though we arrived over an hour late. Completing Customs and Immigration in Dublin saved us from missing out next flight. For the money paid the quality experience was unacceptable."
"Flight from London to Miami then Miami to La Paz. By far the most disappointing flight we have had. The cabin crew were unbelievably rude disinterested and unhelpful. We've had much better service with budget airlines. Thought it was ridiculous that people could reserve seats up to one year in advance. Our flights were booked by a tour company so we were unaware of this until a few days before and therefore left with disappointing seats on the way out to our honeymoon destination. Will not fly with American Airlines again."
"Flew from DFW to LHR on a 777-200 with my seven year old daughter. This flight was completely full but was acceptable for a long haul flight. The crew were very nice and helpful with my daughter and made her feel at home on her first transatlantic flight. The food and beverage was quite good for economy. Coming back to the USA was an entirely different story. Flew from DUB-Chicago on an old outdated 767-300 that smelt bad and looked very worn. The carpet was dirty and so was the seats. Additionally it was unacceptable to fly transatlantic with community video screens that appear to be running from a DVD setup with poor picture quality and sound. Again the crew was fantastic and treated my daughter extremely well and was very help with making arrangements to catch our next flight to Dallas even though we arrived over an hour late. Completing Customs and Immigration in Dublin saved us from missing out next flight. For the money paid the quality experience was unacceptable."
"Flight from London to Miami then Miami to La Paz. By far the most disappointing flight we have had. The cabin crew were unbelievably rude disinterested and unhelpful. We've had much better service with budget airlines. Thought it was ridiculous that people could reserve seats up to one year in advance. Our flights were booked by a tour company so we were unaware of this until a few days before and therefore left with disappointing seats on the way out to our honeymoon destination. Will not fly with American Airlines again."
"FCO-ORD. ORD-CMH Flew an ancient plane with no IFE with one shared TV. Seats were uncomfortable. Food was better this time around although the service was bad. The crew missed out serving several rows multiple times on the flight although they kept the drinks coming very frequent. One of the crew members stopped the food service for close to 10 minutes to continue speaking to a passenger about her family."
"Recently flew this airline transatlantic route from Dublin to Chicago. The experience was awful! The plane itself was so outdated and old fashioned. It had the screens that dropped down from the ceiling! However on the outward bound flight the crew announced they were not working. So I had a seven hour flight with no film . The crew all wore different uniforms which made them look shabby and unprofessional. I am used to flying European airlines like BA and Aer Lingus whose planes all have the modern personal screens etc and whose cabin crew look smart and professional. My advice is stay well away from AA. I will never again use this airline."
"Flight from Chicago to Cleveland cancelled for no reason. Put on standby 4 flights and 10 hours later with no help from gate attendants we fly into Cleveland. Flying out of Cleveland - flight cancelled night before no reason given. Re-booked on earlier flight. Arrive at airport and or course we're not on the manifest. Staff member very rude. Clearly no one who works for American likes it or it's customers either. Since American had cancelled 3 flights the day before they had nothing to do but put us on a United flight where we had to pay an extra $160 for baggage hat we would not have had to pay as our origin tickets were on Alaska Airlines. Never again."
"American Airlines cancelled a flight with no warning claimed weather related but on looking at radar for this flight path that was fabricated. They made no effort to notify by email or cell phone (had both). I found out about the canceled flight when I arrived at the gate with my boarding pass. This resulted in a 15 hour drive. My advice - find a different airline."
"Flew out to Dallas from Heathrow in the new Boeing 777 which as a plane was okay and had good entertainment. They have a 343 layout which makes it cramped compared to a lot of other airlines I have flown with which have a 333 layout which feels more spacious. Some of the flight crew were quite unprofessional. One of them walking around with earphones in holding his iPod in his hand. Food was close to terrible. Returned on a Boeing 767 which had been painted on the outside to make it look modern but was like a museum on the inside. Old TV monitors hanging from the ceiling which showed one film on a nine hour flight which I couldn't watch as somebody had snapped off their headphone jack in my socket. Checked in really early but still sat apart. Food terrible again but flight crew a bit more professional this time. Have flown over 30 different airlines and I would say this airline is in the bottom 3."
"I was flying from Dublin to JFK NY on July 30 flight 291. I got the impression that serving the needs of the passengers was not a priority. I had reported to a flight attendant about some good amount of water sloshing around in the lavatory. It was slippery and the dirty liquid had got on my shoes and clothing. The flight attendant replied that she did not think the liquid was water and was not going to touch it. I do not understand why it could not have been mopped up. I think is was very inappropriate of the Airline to not train their flight attendants in mopping up unpleasant \"spills\" in the lavatories and providing them the sanitary means of doing so. This was upsetting to me to have to use lavatories with unsanitary conditions on an airline! The American Airline website makes it very difficult to send a complaint to. I think this is very important for them to see this and to correct it. I gave the airline poor ratings and do not plan to fly it again."
"I am not picky about the airlines and used to travel by the cheapest deals available. This time I took AA. Flying American Airlines was the worst experience for me. The planes were mostly old and run down. They took 2 hrs to fix the bolt and screws while flying to San Diego on flight AA 49. The staff especially at Dallas boarding desk was rude and changed my seat without an apology. Not only that see was upfront rude. Each flight were at least an hour or 2 late. There are definitely better options and I would not fly this airline again."
"I was flying from Dublin to JFK NY on July 30 flight 291. I got the impression that serving the needs of the passengers was not a priority. I had reported to a flight attendant about some good amount of water sloshing around in the lavatory. It was slippery and the dirty liquid had got on my shoes and clothing. The flight attendant replied that she did not think the liquid was water and was not going to touch it. I do not understand why it could not have been mopped up. I think is was very inappropriate of the Airline to not train their flight attendants in mopping up unpleasant \"spills\" in the lavatories and providing them the sanitary means of doing so. This was upsetting to me to have to use lavatories with unsanitary conditions on an airline! The American Airline website makes it very difficult to send a complaint to. I think this is very important for them to see this and to correct it. I gave the airline poor ratings and do not plan to fly it again."
"Flew London Heathrow to JFK. Had transferred from Qatar from JNB-DOH-LHR. This was a bit like going from a fine Hotel (Qatar) to a cheap roadside motel (American). The American Business Class lounge/Admirals Club lounge at LHR beyond the new entrance is simply a dump. Old tired furniture no charm or ambience and an almost complete lack of any kind of decent food or snacks. I saw one tureen of dried up pasta and some pretzels and 2-3 halves of white bread sandwiches. Self serve beverages were somewhat limited with cheap brands of alcohol and \"spouts\" on the wine bottles-a really low class touch. Although the roughly half full business does have a state of the art flat bed seat with decent storage the cabin service was dismal. Pre departure beverages were served in flimsy plastic glasses. Cabin staff attitude throughout the flight was casual and usually indifferent. I slept until approx. 1.5 hours before landing missing the snack service. No a single member of the cabin crew offered to serve it to me later. The rear lavatories were devoid of any cosmetics the forward lavatories were stocked. Of course there were no flowers in the lavatories. Catering was adequate the menu was a tiny card like affair nothing like the elegant and extensive menu presented in a folder on Qatar. I am thoroughly convinced that flying on American or any US Airline on long distance flights is wasting money and accepting poor treatment and it makes more sense to choose non US airlines which offer their premium customers a much higher standard of service."
"JFK to LHR. AA's problems are no longer the fleet its old tired flight attendants that should be in bed rather than serving passengers paying up to $6000 for a business class seat with an attitude and a lack of respect that is simply unacceptable. Other passengers complained as well. Just impersonal and rude service on AA104. American needs to ground those FA's that are older and with attitude. Hire younger FA's that want to do their job rather than complaining to passengers about how the airlines have changed and how what we pay for the seats isn't worth it. After 33 years I'm not flying AA anymore. Ill go BA or anything other than an American carrier. They just honestly are awful now and I see no change due to them being union. Fly a foreign carrier. You'll see the difference."
"We flew from Shreveport LA to DFW. We then flew from Dallas to London. Neither plane left on time or got us there on time. We had people waiting in London. Same happened on the way back. On the way back we were shuttled to British Airways. Got to Dallas had a six hour layover. Because British Airways was late getting us to Dallas the layover was five hours. We sat in the airport in Dallas for 4.5 hours at the gate we were supposed to leave from. Twenty minutes before the plane was to leave from Dallas the gate was changed and we had to run to get to the new gate. I have come to the conclusion that American Airlines doesn't care at all about their customers. For the prices people are charged for tickets and fees you would think service would be better. Won't fly American again."
"July 31 we were on flight 3143 NAS to MIA. Flight was scheduled to take off at 605. We were on the runway on time when a passenger became ill. We returned to the terminal. They left her on board until a paramedic arrived to check her out. At this point she felt better and wanted to continue but had to wait until someone from headquarters arrived to determine if it was safe for her to stay on the flight. They took her off the plane then allowed her to return then took her off again. Every person on that plane had a connecting flight to catch. They then had to refuel the plane. We then got back on the runway then had to go back to check out a maintenance issue. We sat there another 30 minutes. Then we had to get off the plane while they worked on it. At 9.30 we boarded again then had to wait for a passenger who couldn't decide whether or not to continue. We finally left NAS at 10 pm. When we landed in MIA we had to go back through customs find our luggage then try to find someone from AA to help us all reschedule flights. No one from AA was available to help us until after 11 pm. They put us up overnight at a local hotel and rescheduled all our flights for the next day but it was a very poorly handled situation. I do not plan to use AA in the future. We have used other airlines many times and have had issues but never anything handled this poorly."
"July 31 we were on flight 3143 NAS to MIA. Flight was scheduled to take off at 605. We were on the runway on time when a passenger became ill. We returned to the terminal. They left her on board until a paramedic arrived to check her out. At this point she felt better and wanted to continue but had to wait until someone from headquarters arrived to determine if it was safe for her to stay on the flight. They took her off the plane then allowed her to return then took her off again. Every person on that plane had a connecting flight to catch. They then had to refuel the plane. We then got back on the runway then had to go back to check out a maintenance issue. We sat there another 30 minutes. Then we had to get off the plane while they worked on it. At 9.30 we boarded again then had to wait for a passenger who couldn't decide whether or not to continue. We finally left NAS at 10 pm. When we landed in MIA we had to go back through customs find our luggage then try to find someone from AA to help us all reschedule flights. No one from AA was available to help us until after 11 pm. They put us up overnight at a local hotel and rescheduled all our flights for the next day but it was a very poorly handled situation. I do not plan to use AA in the future. We have used other airlines many times and have had issues but never anything handled this poorly."
"I have been an airline passenger for the past 60 years. All types of planes to all types of destinations with all types of carriers. The golden years you might say when the flights were not only comfortable but fun and even riotous at times! The service food and drinks (especially the drinks) were an integral and indispensable part of the experience. It is sad to see what was once a wonderful and exciting experience reduced to the level of a bus ride and a damn uncomfortable bus ride at that! Flight AA121 Paris (CDG) to New York (JFK) July 2nd 2014 gave a glimmer of hope. The cabin crew were experienced co-ordinated pleasant and most helpful."
"We paid for 6 business class tickets from Zurich via London to Dallas. Then 4 business class tickets from Los Angeles to London to Zurich. I've never seen a more consistent disgruntled group of employees in all of the years I've flown overseas. Where to begin? We chose American because of the \"New\" business class. We were given an old plane. My family is very low maintenance. We only ask for simple respect. We are mid flight and AA cancels our connection from Dallas to Grand Junction. 10 hours before we are to board. We don't get the notification until we reach our gate to fly to Grand Junction. No effort on AA part at all to help us. No hotel no car service. We make our own arrangements. This may seem small but by this point we are exhausted. Any help at all by AA would have been appreciated. Our return trip. I went for more water I was told they only had the large bottles. If I wanted more water I could bring my small empty water bottle up and refill it. Not how can I help you? Not can I bring the water to you? They stand there chatting while I try to refill my bottle."
"My flight out of Chicago was delayed for hours and then cancelled at 1am. Understandable taking into consideration Chicago weather. However it was the customer service received during and after this that convinced me to end my days as an American Airlines flyer. I spent the next few hours on hold with customer service trying to get my flight rebooked. After 3.5 hours on hold I booked a flight for the following morning through the AA website to ensure that I would return home on time. The next morning unable once again to contact customer service I boarded the flight and made it home in time to return to work. Only after I finally contacted customer service did I learn that I had in fact been booked on a rescheduled flight. I searched my inbox spam and trash but had received no sort of email or notification of the rescheduling. If I had been informed of this flight or been able to contact customer service I could have foregone the cost of a second flight and avoided all of the frustrating cold emails that have taken place since."
"I recently flew with AA and US Airways from New York Boston and Washington DC. I cannot believe that American Airlines is part of the One World Alliance. When you look at the level of service you get from world class airlines like Qantas Cathay Pacific and LAN and then see the pathetic offering you get from AA I am dumbstruck. As a frequent Australian traveller I absolutely hate having to use AA anytime. Their Admirals Club lounges are truly pathetic - paying for food and pseudo-snacks like pretzels and plastic wrapped muffins. AA passengers who fly Qantas and use the Qantas Club lounges must be amazed. The service on AA is uniformly awful and rude. How can Americans put up with such an array of shocking airline companies. Now that AA have bought US Airways it will be doubly bad."
"DFW to PDX - the service was terrible. First the price: it was $360 round-trip non-stop. While this may sound like a good deal it was not too long ago that American wanted $500 for the same trip. I could go to Europe one- way for that! The price drop is the only reason why I give them 2 out of 5 stars for value. If it weren't for that I would give them one-star without a second thought. Second the lines for baggage check were long. Apparently this airline does not realize that it's 2014: I was completely unable to pay my baggage fee online and there was no fast check-in option either. So I had to wait in line to do something I could have done online with other air carriers and only takes five minutes at most with other ones. Third the seats. They were harder than rocks with virtually no leg room with my messenger bag below the seat in front of me. It was virtually impossible to sleep or rest in my seat. When I got off the plane I was very sore. The flight attendants did not care about my experience and the check-in agents flat out ignored me at PDX. Lastly when I emailed American with a complaint about these issues I got the most sarcastic response I have ever got from a customer service representative. In conclusion I never plan on flying American again. I'd rather have a stop (or two!) than fly them."
"The boarding passes we printed out at DFW Airport showed that the flight from DFW to TYR originally scheduled at 6pm was delayed to 8pm. We still went to the gate to see if the delay was changed. The monitor showed that the flight was delayed to 8pm. After we returned to the gate at 7pm we were told the flight left at 6.30. There was no more flights from DFW to TYR afterwards. The assistant checked us in for the 9.00 flight the next day. When we requested whether there was a voucher for a hotel we were told no. We called the customer service and were blamed for not listening to the announcements. We had to rent a car to return home and drove back to DFW next day to return the rental car. Each person was trying to shift the responsibility away to somebody else. If they made profits by charging passengers more and providing less service whats to celebrate?"
"I will never fly AA again. The Miami staff were very rude and not accommodating at all. Flight was late leaving from Turks and Caicos and staff failed to announce the delay by half an hour. Therefore I missed my connecting flight in Miami to LGA. Miami Staff were not accommodating. I had an older aunt with me and I asked for a wheelchair twice it never came. AA staff had no sense of direction or didn't speak enough English - it was terrible! Never again."
"Let me start by saying I am a regular business flier and travel frequently although because of issues like the following complaint usually only fly AA as a last resort. On a recent trip from LGA to DFW AA forced me to gate- check my same standard 22in. carry-on bag which I take on every flight on every other airline. The bag clearly fit within the test box when I had to test it the first time going through the security checkpoint and similarly fit again when forced to test it at the gate but because the agent said I had to \"push\" it down to fit within the box it was too big and had to be checked. When I boarded the plane I was frustrated to see that the bag would have easily fit within the overhead compartment. Maybe AA has smaller jets with smaller overhear storage capacity than every other major airline. This was a big inconvenience and was easily avoidable and I will continue to avoid flying on AA whenever possible."
"Flight from Germany to Charlotte NC to Huntsville AL in 05/2014 was the worst flight experience. TV screen did not work staff was not concerned after numerous requests. The aircraft had a malfunction before takeoff in NC delaying us 3 hours on the taxiway. This caused a missed flight at the connection stop. American did not care whatsoever and we had to ask to get a meal voucher but that was all that was given. They would only put us on another American flight that left hours later putting us home in the middle of the night and needed to be at work the next morning. Worst airline ever. This review only covers about 65% of the issues experienced."
"Booked flights for the husband and I from BOS to MIA in October. Received an email changing our flight times and seats after we had purchased and selected. Threw us off the original time and put another flight number in its place. Had no reasonable explanation other than they are re-figuring their planes! Really messed up our departure for sure. The planes are so old and dirty. Couldn't even use the bathroom as it was filthy on our last flight. The attendants were miserable! TV monitors were from the dark ages not to mention the inside condition of the plane. It was falling apart from the inside. Could see the outer shell from my seat! Charge megabucks for low class experience."
"MIA-BOG-MIA. Both sectors were flown by very tired B752s with equally tired cabin crews. I have been flying these sectors along with other Latin routes with (Latin) American Airlines which bears little resemblance to AA mainline for some 25 years on the same aircraft type with the same take-it or leave-it cabin crew attitudes. Wifi and in-flight power is heavily advertised on these aircraft but were not available on either sector. Both aircraft and cabin crew are in need of a substantial refresh."
"Will never fly AA again. The experience at Dallas was terrible. Flight was late therefore missed flight. Boarded another flight but told to get off due to mechanical problem. Very little information on what to do next. Sent to four different gates. Treated like cattle. Never made it out that day and no guarantee to fly next day. Forced to go to a different airport and buy another ticket on Southwest. No apologies by AA personnel. Customer service was the worst I've experienced in over 50 years of traveling."
"I travelled American Airlines on Flight AA55 from Manchester UK to Chicago. This was an awful flight. The aircraft had no in seat entertainment the seats were old and uncomfortable the headrests hardly lifted above the seat so for a taller person the backrest sticks in your back. In addition the staff were at best terse at worst indifferent. I can only believe they are as fed up as I was being stuck on that aircraft. On the bright side it arrived on time overall however it was a prime example of a truly budget flight the only thing is I paid a lot of money for the flight. I only went this route because I needed to go to Chicago never again."
"I purchased a flight with American Airline to fly from Miami to New Orleans on July 3-7. They changed my flight to US Air but didn't inform me until one week before flight. I paid for upgrade seats but it was not transferred over. Now what really bother me was my return trip home from New Orleans well I didn't get back until a day later. Both airlines seemed to simply want to place blame on each other when they should be working together on rescheduling flights when they cancel them. American whom I booked with originally were of absolutely no use to me once they changed me to a US Air flight. Though it took many back and forth trips between the two companies finally a supervisor with US Air provided me with some assistance in getting me booked on another flight to fly out a day later. It's ridiculous that it would take me 4 hours in the airport to get rescheduled when I checked in well in advance (4hours) after my flight was canceled. I should not have needed a supervisor to get my flight rescheduled all agents should be able to do it. I went through 5 agents between AA and US Air and none were helpful. When airlines join forces to become one company they should be operating as one not passing the buck and blame between each other."
"Took AA on a trip to Spain. En route two of my three flights were delayed almost causing me to miss a connection and my baggage was lost - not sure if by American or one of the affiliated carriers. The worst was yet to come however. My flight from Madrid to NYC was delayed by a couple hours and so I was rebooked for my connecting flight. I wish I'd insisted on catching it since it was delayed anyway because what transpired after was unbelievable. The rebooked flight to DC was eventually canceled. We sat on the tarmac for 2.5 hours as maintenance repaired a broken chair then a door and then we lost our slot in the queue and had to wait awhile and then my home airport suspended flights coming and going due to weather. Finally the pilot took us back to the gate and told us our flight was canceled. 4 hours on the tarmac that day. Service to rebook flights was slow and some agents were a bit snippy. Slept at the gate overnight for my early flight the next morning. Had a bad feeling when I saw people arriving through the same gate 15 minutes prior to our scheduled boarding time. Sure enough we sat there for well over an hour as the tyre on the plane was being changed and then the flight was canceled. Exasperated I asked for a flight out of LaGuardia instead and although it was delayed on the runway I eventually got home after four bookings from NYC to DC. Very tight seat arrangement on the planes flying back (because they were older). Food wasn't bad and service on all the planes was overall pretty good. Service at the gate ranged from very solicitous to brusque. The airline seems to schedule flights too close together. On top of that the planes on my return trip were all old and shoddy hence the delays. So I ended up being booked for eight flights round trip when I was originally scheduled for just five. Seven of eight were delayed and two of those led to cancellations. American didn't do much to compensate me for the inconvenience either. I will never fly AA again."
"Had a 6 part trip this month on AA. Every leg had issues. Mechanical problems abound due to the age of the fleet. Arrived at JFK for the vacation portion of this trip and was told at the first class check in that our aircraft was removed from service and we would be 6 hours delayed departing. We missed our first day of vacation and a party because of this. Bottom line you can't rely on this company to get you where you are going in any reliable way. Also have issues with their website frequently down lack of communication with flight delays also."
"I had not flown AA for a few years and now I know why. AA employees sat in first class on a very early flight from TPA-MIA and spoke loudly to one another while the other first class passengers tried to sleep. Had a 7.40pm flight from MIA-TPA but paid a $75 plane change fee to take the 5.50pm flight. No problem there except for the fact that the plane flight 986 from STT-MIA had an alarm mishap and they had to call a maintenance personnel from off-site. He was very late so therefore missed the earlier connection at 5.50pm from MIA-TPA and took my original flight at 7.40pm-no compensation returned for their error. Other members in my party had first class on the 5.50pm flight and did not receive it when we were all booked on the 7.40pm flight. They did attempt to put us all together but placed us in the exit row with two children traveling under the age of 15. Therefore the kids had to sit in other areas in the plane and were scared to sit alone. Upon a later arrival to TPA at 8.40pm AA/US AIR misplaced our luggage and was it was all still sitting in Miami with Priority tags on them. So much for priority as they turned up a day and a half later."
"Providenciales - Miami: AA300. Miami - Paris: AA62. Both flights on old aircraft in particular the flight from Miami to Paris was dreadful on an old 767. No AVOD or individual screen. The seats were the most uncomfortable I have experienced. Food was tasteless and bland with portions quite small. Drinks service was decent but really that was all with the flight that was a positive. Staff seemed disinterested and tired during the flight. First and last time I fly with AA."
"Flight #7943 from Honolulu to Los Angeles April 25 2014. This airline is terrible. The only reason to choose this airline is that they have so many flights to so many locations. But it is as if they don't like to be in flight service. Both my husband and I have been regular flight passengers for most of our adult lives for business and pleasure. Over the years AA has not improved on any level of their service. Since going online for booking we have yet to have reservation that isn't botched in some way. I am sitting on AA plane as I write this as we wait after flying 5.5 hours for a gate to become available. Though this may be an airport error the connections between flights is so short that many passengers are in threat of missing there next flight. We almost missed our connecting to this flight because only 30 minutes was allotted between flights. I would gladly pay more for better service and have but AA has only increased its prices but not improved the quality of service."
"Pensacola to San Francisco. After paying full fare for a toddler in a seat my pregnant daughter was treated so inconsiderately by American Airlines staff that none of us will ever fly with this airline again. No pre-board because \"there are too many children on this flight\" and they took her stroller away so that she had to carry 2 bags and the child. On one leg of the flight they gave her back the stroller last and nearly made her miss her connection. There is no compassion from this airline!"
"One month travel itinerary June 10 - July 8. Point here is not as much about inconvenience as how situations are handled. 4 flights cancelled. One due to weather. Paid upgrades are not refunded if flights cancelled per AA reservations. After 3.5 hour wait little or no information given to waiting passengers in cancellation of first leg OGG-LAX. Restaurant employees saw flight crew leave airport. AA would only help passengers with connections. The rest of us scrambled for flights. Locating luggage was a whole other mishap. 2.5 hr flight from QRO-DFW turned into a 10 hour flight touching down in 2 cities to refuel. Water was being rationed. Children first. No food. No offers from ground crews for additional water or even peanuts. No help with connecting flights. No enough cots in airport Terribly mishandled. Connecting flight missed but cancelled anyway. MCI-OGG delayed 4 hours. Equipment not available. Automated message via phone at 2.30 am for 7.30 am flight. Was auto rebooked on flight out a day later. Called and obtained same day departure. Hoping I get out. Remember when flying used to be fun and airlines treated us with courtesy? Note: Have flown all other US carriers AA is cheaper but savings offset by delay costs incurred other problems and poor treatment."
"I flew from Ontario CA to Indianapolis IN by way of Dallas TX (round-trip). All 4 planes were MD-80's - I probably don't need to say much more. These planes should have been taken out of service 10 years ago. I was flying them in the early 90's from ORD to LAX they needed to be retired back then. All 4 flights were delayed because of mechanical problems (ranging from inoperative toilets to loose electrical panels). All 4 planes were filthy - not just the rest rooms and aisles - but the seats windows and tray tables were disgusting. All 4 flights were full - so as we sat on the planes waiting for the \"maintenance issues\" to be resolved we roasted. Given that I had a similar experience on a trip from Palm Springs to Cleveland (round trip 4 flight segments) in April on American I should have known better. But as a \"loyal rewards member\" I booked this last flight on American too - hoping for better equipment and on time service. At this point I don't even expect any aspect of comfort on American flights - I just want a safe plane that lands reasonably on time. Given the last 8 flights that I flew on American planes in the last 90 days I'm not even certain that the old MD-80's are safe anymore. When 6 out of 8 of my flights were delayed for mechanical or maintenance issues I begin to wonder I'm going to start building my miles on United. I'm done with American. P.S. - during the last 20 years I have been \"Gold\" \"Platinum\" and in the \"Concierge Key\" program - so I have witnessed the decline of this airline's quality and on- time performance first-hand."
"Paris to Boston on an old and uncomfortable 757. The worst international business class seat I've ever had. Did anyone from American try sitting in this seat before they selected it? Small personal video screen with terrible resolution and limited choice of films. Food was inedible. The only good about this flight was the crew - friendly and hard working. Luggage took 40 minutes to unload. Overall a terrible experience."
"We will never fly with this airline again. Flight out of Moline Il was delayed for an hour because the airplane wasn't there. We finally get a plane and find out from the flight attendant the delay was caused because there was no ramp at their last stop. The pilots did an awesome job getting us to Dallas on time. But then we sat for over an hour waiting to get to a gate. By this time everyone's connecting flights should have left. But we run across the Dallas airport and find out our connecting flight is delayed as well. Seems we didn't have a crew. What a joke. Never again."
"I recently flew from Miami to London. Sat in the economy class. Seat was extremely narrow designed for very slim person. I am 185lbs and 5'11\". For me the seat was very uncomfortable. If you are a large person recommend to buy 2 seats or avoid flying economy. The cabin was very claustrophobic. There was a big wall in front. The quality and the quantity of the food was pathetic. Inedible unless you were real hungry. This airline lowered their standards tremendously. I used 50000 points and paid $68 for this one way flight. In monetary terms approx $700. If the airlines do not stop abusing their passenger I personally will give up long distance flying."
"We recently took our family to Maui to celebrate our 48th anniversary. My husband is in his 70's as I am and he has Parkinson's disease. I have recently had a knee replacement so we rented a hotel for the park and fly program as did our daughter's family for a total of $475 so there would be no chance of us being late for our plane which was to leave at 10.35 am. We arrived early as were told to do. Eventually we found that there was a delay of at least 30 minutes. The delay continued to be extended and ended up being a 9 hour wait. AA reps told us there was nothing they could do. The seats are firm plastic with no head rest or place to lean against the wall. We were given a lunch voucher which we used but were never offered a dinner voucher. We became more and more frustrated as time progressed. We finally left for a long flight to Maui with a crew who were unhappy to called out on Father's Day on an unexpected flight. Their attitude reflected that. We were not given anything to compensate for all our problems no free drinks no food. Nothing. We got to our hotel at 3.30 am. On our trip home we were held up because someone had thrown up in the seat but it wasn't cleaned up by the cleaning crew. There was vomit on the seats and in the buckle making it necessary to take off all seat covering and taking out and putting in all new seatbelt apparatus. To top this all off we are AA frequent flyers!"
"What a horrible product AA offers in the back of the plane for longer flights. I flew from Manaus to Miami overnight and could not get comfortable in the nasty thin under padded seats. The meal service was a soggy ham sandwich and a glutinous dessert while the entertainment was provided by screens that dropped down from the ceilings. Even small Air Canada planes have seat back TVs but American's 737s do not and this on a 5-hour flight. When they dimmed the cabin lights the screens kept playing the film so good luck trying to get any sleep with the flashing lights in your eyes. Awful just awful. It is a throwback to the 1990s."
"I recently booked a 9.30am trip to Amarillo through American Airlines (booked it 2 months in advance). The morning of the flight at about 6.30am (while I was headed to the airport) I was called by American Airlines and it was an automated voice recording telling me that my flight had been cancelled and they automatically put me on a 6.30pm flight that night. I had no option to talk to anyone or hear a reasoning on the scenario that was taking place. I had to call back and go through various automated conversations until I finally reached someone. After explaining the situation (and no sympathy was shown) I realized the person could not help me and did not desire to help me. Little did she know I had major wedding events to get to at my destination (hints why I booked an early flight in the first place). I ended up having to book another flight through Southwest Airlines last minute (costing me a fortune) just to make it to the city in time. It was an all around awful experience dealing with an impersonal system that left me without answers paying a fortune and still arriving later than I planned. I will never again try to fly American Airlines."
"On our return flight from Orlando to DFW we arrived early to the massive lines at security. Got through and sat down for an early dinner flight delayed. Took our time then another notice flight delayed again. Finally left dinner and walked around got to out terminal flight delayed again. So our 7pm take off was now leaving at 9pm. Sat down and watched TV. Then some people started standing up and getting upset flight now delayed until 11.45pm. Our plane arrived but had to wait on a crew to fly us. Finally got on the plane after midnight and waited another hour on the plane. We were told we might not have enough fuel. Really? The plane had been there at the airport for 3 hours and no one checked to refuel it? Got back to DFW at 2.30am. Only one baggage person there at that time and several bags were missing. 30 minutes waiting to get our bag that came in at an early flight. So 8 hours in the airport and all the explanation we got was it was DFW's fault. Never again."
"June 15-19 supposed to depart from Knoxville to Dallas to Las Vegas but were made to drive from Knoxville to Nashville. Route ended up being Nashville to Dallas to Las Vegas and vice versa. Our flight was changed several times by the airline before departure date. On the date of departure we received an automated phone call 3 hours before take off notifying us that our plane was delayed 4 hours. This interfered with our connecting flight and there was not another flight that would have us reaching our destination until the next day. I contacted the airline immediately and they confirmed that if they re-routed us we could reach our destination. We agreed to this and proceeded to the airport. Upon arrival we were unable to check in. An hour later it was discovered that when re-routing us the person had neglected to issue us a ticket and now our flight was over booked. Our only option was to drive 2.5 hours to another airport catch a flight there and then have 15 minutes between connecting flights that we were to try and get to the gate and board in time. Somehow we managed to make it and made it to our destination. On our return trip we again couldn't check in and had to see an attendant. Everyone we encountered was extremely rude and hateful. I will never fly American Airlines again."
"If you're looking for a company that will fly you in the least comfort at the highest price then look no further – you found it. It is inconceivable that American Airlines are still flying old planes with no individual entertainment systems on their transatlantic crossing and charging more than anyone else for the privilege. They didn't even show the film they advertised. We only flew from JFK to Buffalo (with a rival company) a flight of just over an hour and they had individual entertainment screens. To add insult to injury AA ran an ad telling us all how they are adding a new plane every week to their fleet! All I can say is watch out AA when Thomson starts flying the Dreamliner from Manchester to JFK in May 2015 I do not predict a very prosperous future for them."
"I booked a flight from LAX to Raleigh-Durham NC. 24 hours before the flight I went on the AA web site to 'Check- in' and obtain my 'Boarding Pass'. When I selected the option to check-in I was asked if I wanted to select a seat. I elected yes and was presented which several options for only 'Paid Seats' at $86/per seat. Thinking there were no other options I selected a seat and paid the $86 for both the departing and return trips. After making and paying $172 for seats the web site asked if I wanted my boarding pass. I said yes and I was offered the option for seat selections that required no extra fee. Feeling set-up wondering why I was not offered options for all available seats from the beginning I called the AA Customer service group and the agent informed me that they could not do anything about changing my seat to one that did not require an extra fee. I then wrote them to ask why I was lead into believing I could only purchase a seat when free seats were available they simply said 'you made the decision to purchase the seat and therefore there is nothing that can do'. After this frustrating experience on the outbound flight I requested a 'bloody mary mix' just after the stewardess handed one to the stewardess covering the first class group. I was informed that they no longer had any more. Things on the return flight were equally as bad. I was unable to print a boarding pass - web message said my reservation had been cancelled. When I attempted to call the customer service group at 11.00 pm EDT the auto attendant informed me that wait time to talk with an agent was 35 minutes. Needless to say after these experiences I will never fly this airline again."
"We have just completed a round trip from the UK to USA two transatlantic flights and three internal flights. The first from London to Dallas was characterised by dreadful food (lunch being served immediately after an early morning take-off!) with very unfriendly and ungracious staff. The second flight from Dallas to El Paso was delayed for an hour at El Paso where we sat on the tarmac for an hour in temperatures of c.110F because of a failed air conditioning unit. Offered not so much as a glass of water. The delay meant that the car hire desk we were using was closed at El Paso. The second internal flight was from El Paso to Phoenix. This time the flight was delayed because the 'pontoon bridge' attaching the plane to the terminal was broken. Again we sat on the tarmac without refreshment. Again surly and uncooperative staff. We were sat at the back of the plane when drinks were finally offered there was very little choice left and no time to enjoy them. The third flight from Las Vegas to New York was relatively uneventful tho' with ungracious and charmless grumpy staff. The food on board was expensive terrible and tasteless. The final flight was delayed more than 2 hours at take off and just under two hours at landing. No staff would tell us what was going on the plane was changed and we were forced to split up our family seats and had to sit in different places on the plane. The food was inedible. Staff were not only surly but extremely rude. In all instances the planes were old shabby and dirty with worn through upholstery and carpets defective lavatories inflight entertainment was broken reading lights did not work fresh air vents that would not open or close and the worst cabin staff I have experienced."
"June 12 AA169 LAX-NRT F Class. Nowadays one has quite high expectations for International First Class while adequate American met none of those expectations. On all levels it met international business class standards and no more. Cabin crew was friendly but not very visible between meals. Better off in business on JAL United Singapore or even Delta. Quite a let down."
"June 11 2014 flight 1322 Liberia Costa Rica to MIA. Worst experience ever! On our return aircraft had an engine problem delayed flight for 4 hours missed connecting flight in MIA to NYC because of this issue. Arrived at MIA at 12am and next flight was at 6am upon leaving same engine issue flight delayed 2 more hours. On top of the fact that their aircraft's are not inspected they offer no food not even a bag of chips and there's no wifi even though they say they provide it. I travel twice every year will never fly with them again!"
"I just completed a multi city international round trip with American. 2 international flights and 3 domestic. So the international (from South America to Miami) was an overnight flight. The plane was old and the ceiling TVs stayed on all night. No sleep. All of my domestic flights were either delayed re-routed or cancelled. The first from Tampa to DFW was cancelled due to no oxygen. To top it off at my final destination back in South America one bag was delayed (hopefully not lost) as it was accidentally put on a LAN flight to Lima. 5 days later I am still waiting for it."
"I flew from Manchester Airport to JFK in economy class. From the start the aircraft was very dated and did not smell particularly clean. The food was dull unappetising and almost thrown at you by the staff drinks were not offered except with the meal I had to beg a member of staff for a bottle of water on the journey. The IFE was very poor the TV was attached to the ceiling above the aisle so from my window seat I couldn't see the full screen so didn't get any IFE. On the return journey the same 4 episodes of \"Salvage Hunters\" was shown on a loop so repeated 3 times during the 7 hour flight. The seats were uncomfortable and very cramped on the return flight the passenger in front had his seat back which meant for a very claustrophobic journey. The most startling aspect to flying with American Airlines was the rudeness of the staff! I went to the toilet and an exiting a member of staff had started serving lunch she kept shouting at me to not stand close to her (which I was not) and in the end marched me to my seat and demanded I \"sit now\". On the return I had to plead for a drink only to get a very aggressive member of staff thrust a can of juice at me before saying \"now go sit down\". After booking with BA I was disappointed to find AA codeshare and operate the flight as I was not prepared for the awful aircraft used the lack of IFE the poor quality food and the stunningly nasty approach by the cabin crew. Would never choose or recommend this airline."
"We started in BWI with 4 delays totalling 4 hours. We finally made it to DFW and have been sitting on tarmac for almost a half hour now just a perfect end to horrible trip with AA. Tried calling customer service with a seat issue before flight and the woman hung up on me. I actually got 2 voice messages on the first 2 delays. I will not fly AA again."
"Upon arrival at DFW airport my flight was supposed to depart at 10.20 pm. The flight was delayed several times and finally canceled at 12.00 am. Hotels were not offered the only option was to sleep in the airport. The next flight to my destination was scheduled for 7.30 am the following morning. At 7.20 am the next morning we learned that they had no pilot for the flight delayed again. I am very dissatisfied with AA customer service and I will no longer be flying with this company."
"I just took this trip in fact I arrived back home last night. The trip out: went online to get boarding passes had to choose my seats (two flights). I chose my seat for the first flight no problem. Chose my seat for the second flight: $28 later I had both boarding passes. Silly me I expected when I bought my ticket that I would have a seat without paying extra not so I was in a so called \"upgrade\" seat which I didn't ask for nor did I want but that was all that was left. I did not get anything extra for having paid for a so called \"upgraded\" seat. I had to do the same thing on the return trip. Also you have to pay for your luggage. On the return trip I purchased a sandwich for $9.99 which was most definitely the worst sandwich I have ever had. I will fly Southwest when in need of a flight you purchase a fare from them you not only have a seat that you don't have to pay extra for your first bag is free."
"I normally fly Southwest exclusively - so you can imagine the culture shock when I found myself booked (by my company) on an American flight from SFO to JFK. The only thing I can say positively is that the food was really fantastic quite unexpected for in-flight cuisine. The drinks also came very consistently. The crew were not unpleasant but not quite up to the standards of the Southwest culture. And for a completely redesigned seat the Business Class seat was the most uncomfortable thing I have endured. I am 5'1 so my feet never touched the floor. I tried every adjustment on the panel but nothing worked. Finally I just used my provided pillow to stuff behind me to make my feet touch the floor. Between that and the leg rest I was able to get a little sleep on the way home. There was no indication of how to use the video screen in front of me or any explanation of how to operate the headphone (where the jack was located etc.) or anything. I stopped flying American about 12 years ago and now I remember why."
"LAX to Phoenix. We were really unhappy with the customer service of American Airlines employees at LAX. We had a flight coming into LAX run really late and were bumped to a later flight the next day. We arrived to the airport at 8.00 and our flight to Phoenix was departing at 9.25. I usually arrive to airports about 1.5 hours before a domestic flight and this is usually plenty of time. We checked in at the kiosk but the computer would not print the bag tags. We grabbed an airline employee who directed us to a baggage check line for others with issues with the printing. It was only four people deep so we were not too worried. After about 20 minutes and the line had barely moved we started to become nervous. We tried talking to a couple agents about taking our bags from us and sticking them on a later flight so we could still make it to our gate. They were all at the most apathetic and kept telling us there was nothing they could do. By the time we finally got to the counter we had been in line 45 minutes. There were two employees working this whole time even though the process seemed to be incredibly slow. This inefficient system and lacking customer service caused us to miss our flight. Maybe I would think this was normal airline behavior but we have flown with Alaskan airlines in LAX when a connecting flight caused us to come in late. Their employees were very helpful took our bags and sent them on a later flight and even pushed us through security to ensure we made the plane. In the end I will never chose American again if I can help it."
"Upon checking in at my starting location I was informed by the AA rep that my flight was being delayed an hour to leave for O'Hare which was a problem as my connecting flight was to leave an hour and 10 minutes after arriving at O'Hare which turned into one mess up after another which would have had me reaching my final destination 2.5+ hrs after scheduled. I reached O'Hare (more delays) and eventually walked out of the airport and took a charter bus reaching my destination before the flight even left Chicago! Avoid American Airlines travelers."
"I've been flying for over 30 years and I have never come close to missing a flight. In April 14 I travelled with American from Miami to Washington DC and their awful check in staff caused my group to miss our flight. There was a cut off check-in time of 9.13am and we arrived about 8.55am and were told not to go the counter but to use self- check-in. We did this and when it came to finalising the check-in the system cancelled our check-in. Again we went to the oh-so-friendly staff which said go to the counter as it will be quick and there is not queue. Went to the counter and by the time we had got through the queue we were 3 mins past our check-in time. The staff couldn't have carried less and just flat out refused to help even thigh it was their fault. We were told that we needed to book in 2hrs before the flight but not only was this not listed on our ticket but our pre-printed boarding passes had 9.13am. I've got no apologies form the company and was left with missing our afternoon in Washington."
"MIA to LGA flight. It started with a mechanical problem with the plane's intercom which they spent 2 hours trying to fix before looking for another plane. Another plane found boarded and headed to the runway around 7pm. We waited on the runway for 1.5 hours because of \"weather\" (even though other flights on the same route were taking off) then told we had to go back to the gate. One flight attendant then got into a screaming match with a passenger (extremely unprofessional) while I waited with an upset baby for 15 minutes in the roasting hot gangway because they couldn't find anyone to bring up the gate-checked strollers. Finally the \"weather\" was okay to allow us to leave but a new crew was needed we finally left around 11.30pm. And then because LGA was closed it landed at JFK instead. Nothing positive to say about this airline. To be avoided if at all possible."
"American is the worst airline I have been on. I'm sitting in the plane after boarding in Chicago having to de- board due to an oil leak after 30 minutes waiting the maintenance have the all clear took off then the pilot came over the speaker saying we need to turn back land and de-board again switch gates then it gets delayed for an hour after they told us there was an immediate plane waiting. By far the worst and stressful experience I have ever had. I will never fly with American again."
"We flew from Las Vegas to JFK New York on 23rd May this year with American Airlines and we have never encountered such rude and unhelpful flight attendants. It was a 4.5 hour flight and they only came round with the drinks trolley once at the beginning of the flight and when I asked for some water was told that she wasn't there to run round after me! I was horrified but told her that I would follow her down to the galley and get my own water so she stormed off and brought me one back. The whole flight she was abrupt and rude. There were 6 of us in the party on holiday in 3 separate cities in USA. That was the only one where we encountered rude and nasty staff."
"MXP-JFK return in economy. Boeing 767-300 was comfortable and silent service just okay seats cramped food too limited for a long range flight both inbound and outbound. Inflight entertainment just OK. Asked for upgrading purchase on return flight at check-in and was told from AA lady at counter the price was USD 7000 one way - unbelievable what a joke! Avoid AA from Milan fly Delta or Emirates."
"Boeing 777-300 GRU-JFK First Class. True waste of money or miles until crew's sense of premium service matches product. Last night First Class service in my flight was a joke : from the warm champagne to the traffic of crew members congregated in the service area socializing quite loudly in the middle of the night; to the dirty wine glass. Unpleasant main dish and Breakfast service so rushed that it felt as if it was coach. Do not seat in 2A as crew will bother you with the curtain hitting your seat every time they march between cabins (all night long). Great product but substandard service. Stay in business."
"The food was ghastly. Dallas Fort Worth to London breakfast was a measly white bread bun bare on the tray (no plate or even plastic) with butter and cheese with a small tub of yoghurt and a small orange juice. The dinner chicken tasted awful. The service from the cabin staff was abrupt and short. Some hand wipes at meal times would be great as the toilets left much to be desired. Also at meal times they would not remind passengers to put their chairbacks up like the attendants on the other airlines I mostly use. I think Qatar Airways is doing itself a disservice by aligning with American Airlines on code share flights. I particularly booked with Qatar Airways as their service is always impeccable."
"If there was a way to rate this company's service to a score less than 1 I would do that. I booked my flight all confirmed connecting through Chicago. In Chicago after a gate change and an hour delay they cancelled the flight to my destination. No options no direction just cancelled. Then after 30 min on the call I talked to them for rebooking. Nothing available. I got someone at a kiosk to help and they booked me on a flight 2 DAYS later whereas I had to be at a conference the next morning. Needless to say that was not an option. I rented a car and drove 10 hours straight to my destination getting to my destination at 4am. Then it is time to get back home and they tell me they have canceled my return ticket because I did not complete my trip. No warning no notification nothing. Just cancelled. So I had to pay for another ticket to get back home. There were many people like me on that plane. People from across the world who couldn't even speak English and they were lost and confused. I ended up helping one of them. There is no excuse for this. This is the worst none customer service oriented company I have ever dealt with. Avoid this airline by all means even if you have to pay a little more to go with another airline."
"Was delayed out of DFW to SAT last night because after a long (DFW) taxi to the runway for take off we were informed that there was an issue with one of the computers. We were all curios as to why we got so close to being in the air before this \"issue\" was noticed - it is pretty obvious it wasn't Pilot error they completey felt our pain as did the flight attendants and gate workers. Of course we were re-booking a whole (S80) plane so it was obvius that we would have to wait for a plane to dead head. Fortunately that didn't take too long and we were just 2 hours late getting into SAT. Cudos to Capt Smith and his first officer for getting us home safely and the flight attendants that had to be dead on their feet undoubtably they all had a very stressful evening."
"Hope to never fly American Airlines again. I Was flying from Wichita KS to Dallas to my final destination Las Vegas on 5/18/2014. Our 3:00 flight was delayed by almost 3 hours. Things happen so that was not a big deal how the situation was handled is my issue. All passengers with a connecting flight from Dallas was asked to stand in line there were about 40 to 50 passengers in line. There 2 American Airlines Rep working the counters needless to say they were very rude and short. They acted as if they were the one with the problem. They acted as if they did not care if the passengers found a connecting flight or not. I stood in line from approx 1:30 pm to 4:15pm well over 2 hours. Each Rep spent an average of 20 to 30 minutes per customer. At 4:15 2 more Reps appeared from the back however they did not have a clue what they were doing. The first guy told me that all Dallas flights were full and there was nothing available until the next morning and when I arrived in Dallas they would arrange for a hotel for the night. The person in line behind me; also going to Vegas was assisted by a different Rep who manage to find a flight for her and her 3 children. So I went back to the counter and spoke to a different Rep who was then able to find me a flight home that night. Needless to say this whole situation was very stressful and left a very bad reflection on American Airlines."
"Was delayed out of DFW to SAT last night because after a long (DFW) taxi to the runway for take off we were informed that there was an issue with one of the computers. We were all curios as to why we got so close to being in the air before this \"issue\" was noticed - it is pretty obvious it wasn't Pilot error they completey felt our pain as did the flight attendants and gate workers. Of course we were re-booking a whole (S80) plane so it was obvius that we would have to wait for a plane to dead head. Fortunately that didn't take too long and we were just 2 hours late getting into SAT. Cudos to Capt Smith and his first officer for getting us home safely and the flight attendants that had to be dead on their feet undoubtably they all had a very stressful evening."
"First and last time I will fly AA. Was \"bumped\" off original flight without being asked just told \"sorry you are now on next flight\". Next flight was supposed to be in 35 mins. I told flight attendant that if the flight was late I would miss my connecting flight she said \"sorry I don't make the rules\". Gentleman beside me said he would gladly wait for next flight as he didn't have a connection to make. She said \"no sorry\". Of course the flight was delayed and I missed my connection in Chicago. Once in Chicago I was told the next available flight was the next morning and no hotel or food voucher would be provided as it was an \"ATC\" issue not a AA issue on why there was a delay. What is ATC I asked - Air Traffic Control. AA had lots of people \"sleeping\" in O'Hare airport and it really was sad when you see seniors in wheelchairs having to sleep in their wheelchair because the cot they received was too low to the floor for them to lay down. Then the kicker is at 4am security is yelling wake up time to move along sleep time is over get moving. As I said first and last time I and many others will be travelling on AA."
"When we arrived at the airport all of the other airlines had fairly short check-in queues American Airlines filled up their queue and had a line going 30 yards down the hallway. It seemed that their computers must have shut down because the line wasn't moving. It took us two hours to get checked-in and check our bags. We would have been late for our flight but it was delayed anyway. The delay was over an hour and once we did get on the flight the seats were the most uncomfortable I have ever experienced. Our delayed flight caused us to only have 30 minutes to catch our connecting flight- which ended up leaving 10 minutes early (I am not making this up)- meaning we missed it. They issued us tickets for the next flight 3 hours later. We had confirmed seats on the ticket and everything but when we went to board the plane our tickets got flagged as invalid and we were told by the attendant that we were actually in standby- the plane ended up being full and we were not allowed on. So at this point my wife (7 months pregnant) is about to lose it and they tell us we can possibly fly out at 9 PM that evening. We do make that flight and arrive at our destination at midnight missing our evening plans and exhausting us. Again the flight itself was awful. I had taken 4 advil at this point and still had back pain. Never again American Airlines never again."
"Connecting flight from Dallas to Knoxville cancelled for \"maintenance\". Customer Service agents were clueless and basically no help and really not concerned that the flight was cancelled. Stayed in airport for 5 hours attempting to get on another flight via standby with no luck. Once it was determined I was stuck in Dallas they provided vouchers for a place to stay (can't call it a hotel) and $19 worth of food with the next flight out the next day. After waiting for the shuttle for an hour we finally were on our way for a good nights rest or so we thought. Once we arrived it was obvious this was a pay by the hour motel called \"The Night Hotel\". Wow This place was basically a brothel built around a night club. The next morning we were waiting on our 5 AM cab ride to the airport and 4 prostitutes came walking through the door. Bottom line I can't believe American Airlines had the audacity to do what they did."
"Cancun-Dallas Had a connecting flight from Dallas to Toronto which was delayed for several hours then ultimately cancelled due to \"a missing captain\". We had to re-book with an extremely rude and unsympathetic Customer Service Agent who told us that the next available flight was 10 am the next morning. We were traveling for a total of 36 hours. We were offered no compensation for the cancellation no apologies no Hotel or Meal vouchers. We had to sleep at the airport on a chair. Needless to say we will no longer ever use American Airlines to fly."
"American Airlines needs to work on their sensitivity to breast feeding mom's. They insisted I check my carry on suitcase b/c I was carrying a breast pump. Even when I consolidated my bags to 2 items they would not let me board without checking my bags. Nice!! Oh to be a professional man and not have to worry about airlines trying to put obstacles in the way of feeding your baby even when you travel for work."
"Toledo OH to Denver CO via one stop in Chicago (O'Hare) Trip to Denver had one delay of 3 hours at Chicago. May 7 2014 no reason given. Coming back snow storm in Denver delayed the plane takeoff by 1 hour not so bad. However when I got to Chicago the nightmare began. First flight to Toledo was delayed then cancelled. Reason who knows no 2nd pilot was the reason given. Got another flight time. Rain storm came. Two more flights delayed moved to different gate delayed then cancelled. What to do? No hotels taxi line 2 miles long. I left the boarding area so couldn't get back upstairs. Had to spend the night in a hard chair. Finally had to book a flight to Fort Wayne Indiana so I could get home. No flights to Toledo. What a nightmare experience!"
"Chicago ORD to Boston. They got me to where I wanted to go at a reasonable time at a reasonable price. Can't blame American for the delay. I didn't expect free food or free alcohol. B737-800 was fine and so was the crew."
"LHR-MIA-LIM-MIA in economy. I expected a poor experience and with the exception of the first leg in the 777-300 they lived up to expectations. Old aircraft with technical issues on both MIA-LIM and LIM-MIA leading to delays in both directions inedible food unfriendly and unsmiling flight attendants dirty interiors cramped seating and no attempt to be of any help. Ate nothing as my vegetarian food requests had been overlooked/ignored (despite it being on my ticket) no apology or attempt to offer an alternative. Overall a very poor partner to BA. The score of 3 is awarded because of the LHR-MIA part of the journey only."
"Worst customer service I have had. My flight was cancelled today due to reasons that the airline had no control over but the customer service was awful. I was at O'Hare in Chicago flying to Phoenix and departing at 11.35. I left the airport today in Chicago feeling like I got stranded with no help and to fend for myself. I have never had a cancelled flight and didn't know what to do. I followed everyone else and waited to speak to an agent in line for almost 2 hours. When it was my turn to speak to someone they closed the line down and said we needed to go to the booking desk. I had no idea where that was and tried to ask. After being ignored one of the agents snapped at me and told me they couldn't help me unless I was flying to Dallas. They wouldn't even direct me on where I needed to go. I will never fly this airline again after I finally get home tomorrow. Worst customer service I have ever had to deal with."
"Flew May 13/14 2014 ONT-DAL-DTW. This was the worst flight experience I've had. The plane in ONT was delayed 5 hours due to maintenance causing nearly everyone to miss their connecting flight out of DAL. We had to wait in line (I waited 1.5 hours) at ONT to get on a new connecting flight out of DAL. The seats on the plane out of ONT were tiny old creaky and uncomfortable and staff were disinterested and unfriendly. There was no \"inflight entertainment\" to speak of. The worst came however when we arrived at DAL. Immediately upon disembarking we were informed that \"there are no hotel rooms left in Dallas\". The customer service reps feebly tried to console people with Nature Valley granola bars and cheaply-made cots but everyone was in a mostly miserable mood. I and many others ended up trying to sleep on chairs through the night. Very few people got any sleep. Terrible experience all around. The last time I fly American."
"We took this airline from Raleigh to London because we expected a similar service to BA with which it codeshares. Unfortunately we were so wrong! There is firstly no modern inflight entertainment system for economy class and the food was dreadful. Onboard service was rushed and not very friendly and to top it all we had one of the flight attendants talking loudly with passengers at the back throughout the whole night. Of course that meant that even without entertainment there was also no sleeping for those of us unlucky enough to be in this attendant's vicinity."
"Traveling from Miami to Santo Domingo arrived at the airport approximately 1.5 prior to departure. First you have to queue to help yourself at one of the self-service check in machine. After waiting for approximately 10 minutes we go through the check in procedure experienced some problem and had to get help from the staff member at the check in station. In the end we were unable to check in and were asked to go to the customer service counter. The staff member at the counter asks us to wait and disappears for 5 to 10 min and when he returns he advises us that we are now to late to check in luggage as it is less than an hour before departure and we are talking about 10 minutes now. He advises us that we can fly but our luggage cannot. Only option is to take a flight the next day pay $120 to change the flight and pay for another night in a hotel. The main issue here is the rude attitude of the staff. We can accept that there are rules to be followed but the attitude of the staff is a disgrace. AA have never been a great airline but this experience is by far the worst we have ever experience with any airline. We will do our very best to avoid flying AA again."
"LHR-DFW-XNA AA51 transatlantic then American Eagle. I had avoided American Airlines transatlantic for years but thought to give the \"new\" American a try. Boeing 777-300ER already showing wear and tear in First Class. Cabin was dirty and food was inedible. Also the logic of serving lunch/dinner on an 09.30 flight utterly defeats me. Why not serve lovely breakfast? Crew was keen to get meal service over and disappear for the remainder of the flight. Flight diverted to IAH due to low fuel / weather but almost no announcements from flight deck. On American Eagle flight attendant was rude and not professionally dressed; She wore a crumpled uniform and believe it or not Dutch-style clogs. Overall it is so sad that there is no sophistication nor manner / culture at the \"new\" American Airlines. Travel on American Airlines is nowhere close to a First Class experience. This is a desperately poor airline but there isn't much choice across the pond sadly. Avoid this carrier if you can."
"LHR to JFK thinking I was traveling on British Airways flight BA1506 only found out I was flying on a codeshare flight with American Airlines AA105 when I got to the airport. Check in was efficient and friendly and the flight was uneventful except for the crew who made the whole experience feel very uncomfortable. I have never experienced cabin crew like it. Its a given that everyone has an off day once and a while but some of the crews interactions with the passengers that I witnessed were uncalled for. Crew were short unfriendly disinterested and deliberately ignored some passengers. At one stage I was made to feel like a huge inconvenience when I asked for a paper towel to dry up some water I accidentally spilled. In the end I had to queue at the toilets as I was informed I was capable of getting my own towels as the crew were busy. When we landed and were disembarking the crew thanked me for flying the New American Airlines. I don't know why BA codeshare with this airline as the service standards are at complete opposites of the scale. When I book my next flight I will make sure I know what airline I'm flying so I'm not on a code share with AA."
"Worst airline I have flown with. American Airlines should be branded a budget airline. Flew from JFK to LHR and the experience was beyond belief. Firstly I was charged an arm and leg for excess weight off my bag. Secondly the staff on AA should get training serious training and customer service skills. The food is almost non existent seats are worst in class and the TV's are approx 4inch which are well scratched and used!"
"I just returned from a trip from Seattle WA to Punta Cana DR and back. I told my husband after the first plane that I would never fly American again. It was 3 planes there and 3 back. The seats were the most tiny and uncomfortable seats I have ever sat in. I am 5 ft 2 and 115 lbs so by no means am I a big person. The staff were awful. I have never met people so disinterested and rude. When leaving Punta Cana we sat in line for 1.5 hours because there was no one there to check us in! Every other airline were getting people through. We made it to our flight in the nick of time. We got there at 4am and didn't get to the plane until 6.25 and it left at 6.50. They were almost done boarding. I do not recommend this airline."
"From Sacramento to Dallas 4 of us booked our trip in early January. Final destination Paris France. We tried to select seats but arrived to find our seats changed. None of us together and 1 was the very back where it was so very noisy the flight was miserable. In Dallas we switched planes (again operated by American Airlines) what was supposed to be a 2 hour layover became an 8 hour layover. The legroom was non existent and when the people in front of us tilted chairs back we could hardly move for 10 hours. miserable. I will not support American Airlines to Europe or even to Dallas. I am not sure if they have just gone downhill or what. I must commend the fellow passengers for their tolerance of such a crummy flight."
"DFW to MOB flight AA2981 and AA3377 MOB to DFW. On our round trip flight so far 2 of the 3 aircraft's have had maintenance issues resulting in delays missed connections and waiting on standby. We have yet to hear a single apology."
"Tampa to Chicago O'Hare on 28 April. Check-in was fast but very unfriendly. Cabin crew were unfriendly and uninterested. Plane was cramped and service was almost non-existent. Only thing offered was soft-drinks. No hot drinks snacks or food available which is pretty poor for a what's scheduled as a 3 hour flight. No entertainment on offer the flight got me from A to B but that's about it. I've had better service on Ryanair. Not a great addition to the Oneworld Alliance."
"I am currently sitting at LAX airport and having the worst experience I had with an airline. I arrived in LA this morning by Qantas from Perth-Sydney and upon going through the \"Express Connection\" I was informed by one of the ground crew members that I would be required to take my luggage and check-in inside the terminal. When I arrived in the terminal I was sent by American Airlines employees to 3 different places to try to drop-in my baggage. When I finally arrived in the last spot (45 min prior to flight schedule time) I was informed that I wouldn't be able to check-in my bags nor take them in the cabin despite having had checked-in on-line prior to going to the airport. She them put my wife and me in \"stand-by\" list for a flight 2 hours later and checked our bags-in. I was placed in second in the list at that moment (again according to the front desk lady because I am a \"One World Sapphire Member\" and would be put in front of other people in similar situations. In the half hour preceding the boarding time our name had escalated to 6th and 7th on the list. I tried to (very politely) speak with the lady at the boarding desk 3 times but she in each time she rudely answered \"Stand-by I will be with you in a second!\" In the end she suggested that one of us should take a remaining seat and the other wait for the next flight. We decided to do that as the next flight seat wouldn't be warrant as well. Everything was dealt in a rush/unplanned manner showing AA have no control to handle such situations. Now I am here hoping to not get bumped again or get stuck in LA for the night after 16 hrs flying from Australia then meet my wife at my destination and go to the hotel to have a rest. This was my first flight with AA and certainly the last one."
"I flew from San Francisco to Heathrow on April 26th and found the airline crew working in economy to be both unfriendly and unprofessional. The most senior of the crew had an abrupt manner I noticed on more than one occasion her behaviour towards passengers who accidentally happened to get in her way in the galley area there was no politeness shown in terms of politely asking them to move but eye rolling and heavy sighing. My pillow happened to fall into aisle without my knowledge and I was reprimanded by this senior crew member for allowing this to happen! The crew whilst serving beverages/food would not engage in any conversation or pleasantries with passengers instead they would look right through you if you smiled at them they would not smile back when I exited the economy area on leaving the plane a couple of the crew stood near the exit area and there was again no pleasantries or smiles just silence. Only on leaving the plane did a friendly crew member who I believe had been working in First Class or Business Class speak to me and said 'thanks for flying with us have a good day'. I have flown with many airlines and I have to say that my return flight home with AA was the worst experience I have ever known and because of this I will not be flying with AA again. AA show a video to their passengers before a flight which promotes the technology investments they have made in relation to improving the customer experience. I would recommend to AA that they focus more attention and investment into the training of their crew to provide a better service to their customers."
"My recent trip with American Airlines has made me become a United loyalist. I have sworn to myself to never fly American again. The horror started at the check-in at JFK. You'd think if there was a merger between American and US Airways that passengers could check in anywhere. No the quite literally 60 open and manned desks were for US Airways passengers only while the AA passengers had to get in line somewhere off to the side where there were two people working. On the plane a stewardess was sitting on the jump seat in the exit row and could not stop talking to a passenger in a very loud voice. Returning from LA the check-in procedure was hands down the most inefficient system I've seen in my life. Once boarded we had a plane from I don't know when but practically no one's baggage fit in the overhead compartment everyone had to check their bags and the whole thing delayed us by about thirty minutes. The stewardess must have elbowed me in the head at least a dozen times and woke me up once to ask if I'd like to drink something. No thank I was fine just sleeping. Never flying American again."
"Dallas to London in Business. The new AA cabin looks very good - spacious flat bed seats lots of storage and a big screen. However it was let down by slow service food that was simply not up to standard and the IFE froze and was not reset. AA has got the basics right but needs to work on the details."
"If you have to fly with someone don't fly with AA. They made me check in my carry on luggage and were unable to open the undercarriage door making me miss my connector flight to Atlanta. I had to stay overnight in Chicago due to their failure. I asked two different employees for a Supervisor and both of them told me there wasn't one. I had to go to a different airline and they got me an AA supervisor. The own AA employees outright lied to me about a supervisor. They scheduled me on a 6am flight the next morning and yet again they had issues. They had defuelling issues on the plane and everyone had to deboard. They are now trying to get us on a different plane. Do not fly with this company unless you want to pay a lot of money for a ticket to arrive a day later and potentially lose your luggage. Worst airline I've ever used so far."
"Mediocre service. Just flew from John Wayne to DFW and the flight was freezing. I asked for a blanket and was told they don't have any only to see unopened blankets on every seat in first class. I guess only first class passengers are worthy of being comfort. That really irritated me after freezing for two hours to see that they could have very easily provided a blanket. Really poor customer service. To actually say they don't have blankets when they do and you then see them."
"JFK-MIA-BOG round trip early-April 2014 in economy. American Airlines staff are consistently rude and grumpy. I am constantly surprised when once in a while there is a ground staff or cabin crew member who are actually polite and helpful."
"Nothing wrong with the service or the food but on some routes such as Barcelona to New York the planes are old and do not have individual entertainment systems. This means you have to watch whatever film is being shown on the overhead monitors making for a very long trip. There is a huge amount of competition out there so unless AA/US Air get new planes I will not be flying with them again."
"American Airlines gave away our 3 first class seats on Flight 53 from MIA to DFW on Sunday April 13 despite the fact that we were at the gate 17 minutes before flight time. The agent had already left the with the standby passengers. This caused us to miss our connecting flight to AMA and to have to overnight at DFW. Also one of our party had to fly coach even though we purchased a first class seat. I used to worry that with the merger AA 's customer service would sink to U.S. Airs level. Now I'm afraid the \"new American Airlines\" will sink to an even lower level. They sent our luggage on to our final destination. I have lifetime Platinum status on AA for having flown over 2.2 million miles with them."
"13 April 2014. AA1119 from Boston to Chicago ORD. AA1159 from Chicago to St Louis. There was a major delay due to the weather. So I checked with the crew at gate B30 before I board in Boston. She said AA1159 would also be delayed so it's ok. While I was checking my flight connection the other crew used the microphone and told everyone \"If you are woried about your connection don't be.\" When we landed in Chicago I checked the gate for AA1159 via my phone status \"In Flight\". The gate was H11B so I went to the crew at H11A see what can they do for me. Since there were no more flights to St Louis they can only schedule me for the first flight the next morning. I asked where I could stay for the night told me I could stay at the gate or she could offer me a hotel for reduce rate. I decided to stay at the gate."
"Flight from LA to JAX via Miami was uneventful. Flight from JAX to Dallas was a total different story! Our flight left Florida at 7.20 am. After an hour in the air the captain announced we had to land urgently in Birmingham Alabama. Around 10 am they told us the mechanic was on the way and would take one more hour! By noon they announced there would be a plane coming from Dallas and should be in Birmingham by noon. We would be on our way and arrive at Dallas by 2.30 pm. I called an agent and was told there was only flight available leaving Dallas at 8.30 pm and arriving at LAX at 10.40 pm. We continued to wait and wondered what happened to the plane. The plane arrived in Birmingham at 3.00 pm. We were boarded by 3.20 pm. We were not moving for another two hours. Finally arrived to Dallas after 7 pm. Most of us had missed connecting flights and were told there would be an agent waiting for us at the gate to rebook our flights. There was no one waiting at the gate. I finally got on the next flight out of Dallas and felt lucky to be able to get on the 8.10 flight to arrive in LA at 9.40 pm. Arrived at LAX at 9.30 pm and told there was no gate available for another 20-30 min. We waited on the plane for 1 hr 40 min. I probably will not fly AA again."
"4/13/14. Flew from Rochester NY to Chicago. Plane was 45 minutes late due to weather taxiing from far reaches of O'Hare then no crew at taxiway. Missed our connection to Seattle. All flights overbooked so could not get on via standby had to stay overnight and pay for a hotel. Told our first class tickets through Travelocity were really Economy with instant upgrade we ultimately went coach 20 or so hours late. Never again. They did give us two $300 vouchers good for future travel within a year."
"We flew Heathrow to Puerto Rico 2 adults and 3 children under 12. When we tried to check-in online there were only 5 paid seats together - the others were scattered around the plane. Clearly we couldn't sit the 3 children on their own so we contacted AA and were told we'd have to pay the extra (£220) and book the paid seats which we did very reluctantly. When we checked in at the desk however we were told we couldn't have the seats we'd booked and were given 5 others which were a 2 and a 3. During the second leg of the trip we were given exit seats which were not allowed for children as we were told they would be 'a good bargaining tool' for swaps. On the return we couldn't sit at all near each other: 3 of us sat on the very back row and 2 at the front of the plane. However AA used BA as a carrier for the final leg - they had automatically allocated five seats together because we were travelling with children and allowed us onto the plane first - a completely different attitude from AA. I agree with former reviews - the seatbelt signs hardly went off on the AA flights which is unacceptable on long-haul. I have claimed a refund for the booked seats which we didn't get - am waiting to see if I'll actually get the money back."
"When we used to be able to fly through Chicago O'hare AA wasn't as bad. The last 12 times we've gone through DFW the plane sits on the runway after arrival for 30 minutes every time. This makes even an average time between connections tight. Then we get to our gate and the gate has changed while we're on the skytrain. And too often the flight is cancelled for no known reason. AA changes my seat unbeknown to me until check in which irks me. I do not care for the new 737s. All seats are 3+3 so there are no good rows and already tray tables are broken lights don't work and I don't think they fix them often. My husband is a 'top' platinum so he doesn't have some of the problems I do but he's not pleased anymore either."
"My husband and I have been trying to get home since 4/6/2014 we were booked on a flight at 4.10 after a one hour delay they cancelled it. We couldn't get booked on another flight so we had to stay over. They booked us on flight #2575 at 9.25 then overnight somehow we got cancelled even though we had recheck boarding passes. We were re- booked for a noon flight #2419. Then after being directed to 2 different gates and waiting in the airport for over 12 hours today 4/7/2014 our flights to Albuquerque were canceled. We were sent to 5 different gates during the 12 hours. 3 cancellations in 24 hours it's unacceptable customer service. We still don't know if we're actually going to have a plane at 8.20 flight #1285."
"My husband and I were on flight 2224 from Las Vegas on April 4. The airplane was an S-80. We flew first class and were very disappointed. The only difference between first and the rest of the plane was a wider seat and meal. The plane didn't have movies or music. Bare bones plane for sure. Also a constant stream of people walking from the back of the plane to use front lavatory. Also alcohol is plentiful if you drink however I wanted ice tea and that is not an option. Maybe they don't know that it is available in bottles or cans."
"Flew LHR-MIA. Seats are uncomfortable Inflight entertainment is below par. Overall its better just to avoid AA by all means."
"We flew in from Jamaica to Dallas Fort Worth Texas and our flight was delayed. The biggest problem was that there was little information given to passengers. After 2 hours we found out we were waiting for a crew to arrive from another destination. After being delayed 4 hours we finally got on the plane to sit on the runway for another 45 minutes. The pilot said we were being re-routed due to weather and did not have enough fuel and would have to go back to the gate to refuel. We reach the gate at 2am and wait to only be told the flight was now cancelled. This is where I truly get frustrated with the way things were handled. 150+ passengers are told their flight is cancelled but there is no other flights going into Louisville. You will have to find another way home or wait until Wednesday (6 days later)! We wait in line another 1.5 hrs to try and find a flight close to home willing to drive the rest of the way. The gate agents have been no help whatsoever it was 5.30 in the morning and they offered no cots or anything to us. There were no hotel rooms. They did give us a $12 voucher for a meal. Finally got a late flight almost 24 hours later to Cincinnati but now have to incur additional expense of renting a car to get home. Tried to get on a couple of standby flights but I have noticed that AA overbooked every flight and boots people off so stand by is a joke. Highly disappointed!"
"Paid $1700 for two seats. Airline website would not allow us to choose seats at time of booking. Return a week later to book and lo and behold only paid seats left. Call Airline and told unless we pay and additional $170 per person we will have to depend on the kindness of others to move seats so we can sit together. This is absolute crap. If you can't book your seats at time of booking then don't buy the ticket unless you're willing to pay additional $$$ to actually get a seat."
"We flew from MCO via MIA to Punta Cana. The first leg was fine and for an hours flight every was completely satisfying. The second leg from Miami to Punta Cana was a total disappointment for my first international flight with AA. At the airport I was rejected to enter the lounge as for flights to The Caribbean the access is excluded. This logic I will never understand. The two flight attendants have been absolutely passive in their service and spent their time rather with making jokes with each other or actively ignoring requests such as a glass of water or getting visa documents. One flight attendant had his hands in his pockets at all times - while going through the aisle. I have never been so disappointed from a Business Class flight before. For sure AA will not have me as a customer onboard again and I am glad that there are a lot of options on the US flight market."
"I hadn't flown American since the mid-80s when the service varied between passive-aggressive and actively unpleasant. Things have improved since then. The service on two flights - business from Miami to San Jose and economy from Panama City to Miami - was fine and even friendly. But the entertainment food etc show less sign of change."
"I was traveling home from Palm Springs CA. through Dallas. Flight was delayed 3 times through e-mail notification before any gate agent was seen. When I asked the young lady about our flight she didn't know anything. After a couple of calls she made an announcement. All I wanted was some info so I knew what to do next. After boarding and taxiing to the runway we were told we did not have enough fuel to make it around the approaching storm. Then the flight was canceled and re-instated in about 15 minutes. After we did land 6 hours late in Shreveport I called customer relations and they were not helpful at all. I was offered $200 toward my next travel."
"Only drinks were offered on flight. Not even a bag of peanuts. The man beside us tried to buy food but said they were basically out and we were only a few rows behind business class. Flying from Toronto and connecting in Miami. Lost our luggage on our connection to Costa Rica. Had to wait 2 hours in Costa Rica airport for lost luggage and said would have it later that night delivered to hotel. Wasn't there the next day and had no idea where it was. No one would pick up the phone at the airport. Finally got it the following morning when we were at another hotel 4 hours away. First and last time."
"Everything was fine except they did not offer any food in Economy class (you have to pay for some poor snacks). Our flight was at lunchtime. The ticket fare was $500 you'd think they would manage to fit a sandwich or slice of pizza in the budget. The Business Class passengers were served snacks hot meals and free alcoholic drinks. Outrageous."
"Flight from RTB to FRA via MIA. Flight departed in Roatan 1hr delayed. After the immigration we missed our connection flight. So we had to rebook for the next day. Finding the airport shuttle to the hotel was very hard without any guidance. Rebooked flight to FRA via DFW was delayed for another hour so we thought it could get close again. So we asked for the gate for our connection flight. After reaching the gate we were told that this is the wrong gate and the flight is delayed or another three hours. All ground staff were rude and not willing to get us asap to FRA. The Entertainment system is not state of the art and sometimes not working. The crew were unfriendly. Food is a joke. Never again with AA."
"My husband and I travelled from San Juan to Miami and to Seattle. Nothing was offered in the form of snacks so forget about food. Such a long ride and the seats were very uncomfortable. We had to pay $25.00 for the checked bag. I don't understand how the airlines are getting so cheap. I looked online before I left and it said there would not be any charge for the checked bag. From Seattle to Atlanta and then to San Juan I travelled on the Delta Airlines and we were given snacks."
"MAN to JFK on British Airways ticket but American Airlines aircraft. Very old B757 aircraft that has not been refurbished. No seat back screens. Only two choices of meal (three on virgin Atlantic). Very average quality and small portion size. Dessert consisted of a couple of biscuits. Crew were pretty good. No complaints and flight was on time. Seating was cramped. Large number of seats converted to extra legroom but for a premium price."
"Flight #1361 BNA-LAX on 3/14/2014. 1st class AM flight and was offered Corn Flakes or Oatmeal? Isn't this 1st class. In this day and age I cannot believe this is the offering. Where is the fruit yoghurt or hot breakfast sandwich? Coach was offered nothing. Nothing to purchase not even a miniature snack of nuts. This was a 5 hour flight. I expect that length of flight to at the very minimum offer a meal that is available to purchase."
"Flew on an award economy ticket RDU-LHR-RDU a very convenient route if you live in NC/SC or Southern VA. Both flights on time the food edible the service efficient if not enthusiastic the seats cramped and uncomfortable. AA deploys a 767-300 on this route a fine 20th century workhorse but woefully inadequate for the 21st century in passenger comfort and technology - only cabin ceiling monitors for in flight entertainment. The new AA/US combination will need to work hard in the future to match their partner BA and the others competing with them offering US to Europe non stops."
"LHR-JFK on my way to Rio and I found that the crew were very unpleasant and had a couldn't care attitude. The connecting flight to Rio was cancelled due to technical issues and a hotel was organised but we had a terrible time getting to he hotel as there was no one to guide or direct us. Very unpleasant experience both ways and the food was a joke too - serving a pizza for breakfast! It was take it or leave it as they had no other options. The crew looked so fed up to be there. I am doing the same journey again but this time definitely it will be a different airline."
"Stewardesses were extremely rude on every flight. I had 2 connections from Jacksonville FL to Long Beach CA and then 3 connecting flights on the return home. My carry on was well within the measurement requirements and every time it fit nicely under the seat in front of me. The bag carried my pillow so it appeared to be full. Upon boarding every flight I was harshly informed that \"it will not fit and would need to be checked.\" One lady even tried to take it from me. I had to unnecessarily prove on every flight that it did indeed fit under the seat in front of me. After seeing for her own eyes one stewardess rolled her eyes and walked away. The beverage service was less than mediocre. Not one staff member appeared to be happy to be there."
"I took AA4244 from DCA to ORD on 3/17/2014. Flight arrived on time but there was no space for the flight to park due to the only one bridge being broken. After waiting 45 mins flight finally got a free bridge. Several people missed the connection. AA could arrange the flight to wait for few mins as they already knew the flight was waiting outside for the bridge but they prefer to give us hotel and meal voucher. This has happened several times on my trip. If I could I would not take such an airline again. Very disappointed."
"I would just like to echo the views of A Forrest (Mar 17th). My wife and I have returned from a long weekend in the big apple so endured MAN-JFK return flights over the last few days. The most antiquated substandard long haul flight that I have taken for a long time! I'm not saying that I will never fly AA again but if there is a choice then AA will not be my first!"
"3 flights with 3 problems in less than a month. First bad weather cancels flight which can hardly be blamed on the airline. Not being able to even reach an agent to rebook for 48 hours and being forced to use an alternate airline to make meeting. Most definitely can. Second sat on tarmac for an hour waiting quite literally for a piece of paper certifying weight and then being forced to return to gate and refuel when minimum safe fuel line is broken was not fun. Having to literally run to connecting flight is even less fun. Especially when a comfortable wait was programmed into original flight. Third went to check in for overseas flight booked by government and after standing in line (no military bypass in system for check in) was unapologetically and without assistance punted to partner airline to stand in line for another hour. Because people who ticket with AA are just supposed to know this - particularly when standard check in procedures block military travel and leaves you stranded. Do the airlines really think making people wait needlessly and unapologetically is a good thing?"
"Manchester-JFK. Cannot believe there were no monitors in the back of the headrests instead monitors on the ceilings so far away you could barely see. The so called inflight entertainment (1 film for a 8.5 hour flight) broke after 10 minutes of starting and was off for an hour then anyway. When the \"food\" turned up I was given some cold pasta as there was no chicken left so it was this slop or nothing it was inedible so left it. On the way home there was a 2 hour delay and a gate change from 1 to 35. This time I got chicken but service was done in the dark and again only one film for a transatlantic flight so no distractions there or back which meant plenty of clock watching. This was my first time with American airlines and I can honestly say its the most prehistoric long haul flight I've ever had the misfortune to get on."
"I flew from IAH to ORD my next flight was at 9.30 but I couldn't get off the plane because we had no space for the aircraft I told the flight attendant to let them know that I was running late. She didn't care so ended up missing my flight. Poor service poor attitude poor everything!"
"I booked travel 2 months ago for my wedding. The day of the trip American Airlines cancelled the flight and put me and my fiancee on a flight 10hrs later (in different seats) when they had other flights available that would've got us there sooner. After they flew us to our connecting flight they delayed it another hour. I normally fly with Southwest I will never make the mistake of flying American Airlines again."
"AA51 on two occasions. 6th Jan and 9th March 2014. As a seasoned traveller countless delays and negative experiences I still go about it with a smile. The negative experiences that I have I often just take with a smile. Not so this time. American Airlines provoked me so much on my last flights with them. I travel often in both economy and business as a paying customer. This time I was in business class with \"The New\" American and their 777-300ER. The product is great so is the food and the IFE. But the crew of AA are a disgrace. From the moment I stepped on the airplane an aura of unwelcomeness was hanging in the air. The crew were stressed and did not have time for anything but to run. No smiles nothing mostly just grumpy faces. After a dinner service that took forever to get going and that was served with a slap in the face I went to their famous buffèt of snacks to have some water and some fruit. As I did that one of the two flight attendants sitting there asked me: \"Didn't you eat already?\" I stood there feeling unwelcome. I don't pay a business class ticket to be met by such an attitude. It is simply incredible how unwelcome AA crews can make you feel on their long-haul flights. I'd much rather have bad food and IFE but a smiling friendly and service minded crew."
"The newer American Airlines triple 7 with the 2-5-2 seating configuration is a very uncomfortable in economy class. On a recent flight from Buenos Aires to Dallas/Ft. Worth my legs were touching the seat in front of me and so were my wife's. I am about 6 feet and my wife is 5'8. The American 767 from Dallas/Ft. Worth to San Francisco had more leg room. I do not recommend long haul flights in the triple7 in the 2-5-2 configuration."
"I no longer fly American. I was Platinum for 12 years but I can no longer deal with their customer service their change fees and their attitudes. Flying on American is tough enough but if you have an American Eagle leg in your trip you are likely to face delays slow baggage service and attitudes that are even worse than that of other American employees. Eagle will also tend to push your price up I have chosen to speak with my wallet and to stop giving AA my money."
"This is a comment about the \"new\" American Airlines (American/USAir). My wife daughter and 15 month grandson flew USAir Express from Washington National to Louisville yesterday for a special occasion. They took off more than 2 hours late because of a broken toilet on the commuter airline (USAir Express). Today they were scheduled to fly back on American Eagle from Lousville to Washington National on a 1.25pm flight. First flight was delayed until 3.30pm and now cancelled with no alternative until tomorrow. So now they are driving back. We will do everything in our power to avoid flying the \"new\" American."
"Very bad flight experience. Though I was booked in Business Class the seats and taking care of food preference was horrible. My in seat entertainment system was not working. Also on top of it the control to call the attendant was not working. Even the reading light on the seat was not working for a major portion of the flight I could not read anything. I had in advance booked an Asian Vegetarian meal. I was informed that the meal had not been arranged. My seat was moving I was not sure that the seat was fully in upright position at the time of take off and landing."
"Can not believe they tout new planes yet can't have a consistent onboard experience. I fly 2 to 3 times a week on AA and I never know what my flight will entail. Poor options for entertainment. If you are lucky enough to have internet on a flight you may or may not have the ability to rent a movie or show which I am happy to do. Yet I get on the new airbus which honestly is just as bad as their ancient md-80's and I can either stare at the broken monitor I was given where the sound doesn't work or like the passenger next me the screen was completely broken and would not display correctly. I get on gogo and it won't allow me to rent anything yet surf on a slow and labored internet connection. How can you not bring a consistent options to those that fly you the most?"
"AA does not care about its customers or understand why getting customers to their destinations on time matters. AA Flight number 132 was cancelled after sitting on the plane for 40 minutes due to a mechanical issue with the aircraft. The AA flight crew knowingly boarded the entire flight of passengers even though they knew the black box/communication box to the flight deck tower was broken and required repair. Many passengers had a connecting flight out of Dallas Fort Worth airport the destination for AA Flight 132. After 30 minutes of waiting with no information the flight crew informed us that the plane had a mechanical issue and the repair was being made. 10 minutes later the flight crew announced that the repair could not be made and the plane would be decommissioned. Asked to de-plane and had to wait another 10 minutes. Finally landed in Dallas. I ran through the airport and we were able to make the second flight (not our originally scheduled flight) and we made it. Flight attendants on this flight (AA Flight number 2467) were not helpful. No crew member helped us move overhead bags to get our bags up or helped communicate to another passenger to move his jacket down or a small bag that should be under such passengers seat. We finally landed in Los Angeles. We lost the chance to get to Honolulu on Saturday February 8 as planned and paid for. After waiting in line we received our voucher for one night at the airport Holiday Inn in Los Angeles and a $39.00 voucher for dinner for 3 people and an $18 voucher for breakfast on Sunday Feb. 9 also for 3 people (in LAX!)."
"AA 1122 - horrible plane. Seats were extremely uncomfortable even though the seat next to me was not occupied. If you ever have a choice - never choose this flight from Bogota to Dallas. The in-your-face screen in my seat did not work! None of the crew cared about it."
"This was our first and last time will be flying with AA first with the 2 hour delay that wasn't their fault but we did not get a phone call like other passengers there was no cabin crew when we boarded the plane nor did they do cabin check (both journeys). We asked about upgrading to business class we were told it was full yet there were some empty seats and 2 of the cabin crew were in them. My mother and I both paid £75 each for extra leg room yet the 2 sat next us (both journeys again) said they didn't. Boeing 757 UK to JFK several other passengers also complained about how unhelpful the cabin crew were. Will not recommend this service plus delayed 1 hour coming back."
"Chicago to Dubai Frequent Flyer on American via LH. Been a loyal customer since the 1980's. It's really a shame how this airline has degraded. The planes I fly are always really old virtually no entertainment system at all if it even works there's no leg room and seats are often old smelly and sometimes broken. On one flight the bathroom floor was cracked. Staff are always great but they have a really poor product to work with and their frustration shows. After all these years finally had enough will be checking out from American after next flight such a shame."
"DFW-SEA in new 737 which was refreshing compared to previous AA flights on old planes however the new seats are cramped and feel more uncomfortable than older aircraft. In seat VOD is a huge improvement however it appears that AA will be charging for this in future along with earphones and food. Another downside is that the screen does not adjust. Even with the seat in front not reclined the viewing angle for a person of average height is poor and soon results in a neck ache. There is the question of service or more particularly lack there-of and attitude. This flight was no exception and service was delivered abruptly and with only occasional customer respect. I asked for a cup of tea (complimentary) and was given a cup of hot water and a tea bag on the side. With AA it's a case of get on board (sometimes you're welcomed other times you're not) sit down pay for everything other than basics (and if you want water mid flight go get it but be sure to ask permission if you're not interrupting the staff talking to each other at the back) don't complain then get off (and you might get thanked for your custom from an FA who might be sat on one of the seats - although at least the Captain often thanks you). On the plus side this flight was very punctual and baggage delivered quickly but that speaks more to the efficiency of others."
"Economy PAP-Ft Laud-Dallas-YVR. First leg ok - on time and crew fine. Got caught in Ft Laud customs grubby facility more than 2 hours to get to an officer (5 on duty) - but US Citizens breezed through their own line while the rest of us shuffled forward. I politely mentioned I was going to miss my connection (no sympathy) and was told \"be quiet and stay in line.\" Got to baggage claim and another massive line to leave - AA agent tried to rescue me and was rudely treated by customs and I was put back in line (I said nothing). From there on a gong show with AA - later and later flights missed connections no one to help at the gates sent into a line for help and told \"we are closing - sorry\" leave security and come back in and see if an AA check-in is open. Got some polite help from one AA staff - ended up stuck overnight. Next leg to Vancouver in a brand new plane with TVs in the seat (I am used to that on Air Canada) - many passenger asked for - PA announced \"this is a new plane we don't know how to operate the TVs either - if you need help ask a young person they might know.\" Cabin crew were surly and short with very polite passengers. Never ever AA again! Arrival customs in YVR in spacious and attractive area with passport scanners and pleasant officers."
"I am still not a big fan of AA but it looks like that they are now working harder to provide to their pax some kind of decent flight experience. Flew recently SJO-MIA-DEN/RT. On SJO-MIA still operating the old 757 but with a refurbished cabin at least. MIA-DEN newish 737-800. Nice aircraft. Ground handling efficient and friendly. They assigned me an exit row and main cabin exit seats for free without asking. All pilots talked to the pax providing a lot of flight info. The winner was the 757 Captain of the flight MIA-SJO. After appreciating his clients over the mike he also took the time to bid a farewell to every pax exiting the plane with a Thank You and a smile. Even though their inflight service still leaves a lot to wish it is a nice manner to show each passenger the value they deserve. Overall a good experience and I'll fly AA again."
"Flight Zurich to JFK. Very old 767 plane - 21 years - showing excessive wear and tear. Dirty torn carpets and seat covers. Such an old and poorly maintained plane does not feel safe. No entertainment system other than a shaky old style TV hung from the ceiling. No magazines or newspapers provided (other than the thin airline's magazine). Food quality was average - liquor costs extra. The only commendable thing was the friendly crew and the fact that the plane was at most half full. Apparently the word about these run down planes has spread and few people choose AA on a route which also has a direct flight from Swiss. AA terminal at JFK is catastrophic. Luggage takes almost an hour to arrive and when departing the wait time at security was exceeded 90 minutes."
"March 2014 AA 39 London Heathrow to Miami. AA2438 Miami to San Jose. 16th April 2014 AA 353 San Jose to Miami. AA38 Miami to London Heathrow. Haven't even travelled with AA yet but already we are thoroughly disillusioned. Have travelled business class with many different airlines over the decades and never experienced such disregard. For personal reasons we need a window seat and aisle so the moment we book a flight we go online and book our seats. These are always without fail honoured. But American Airlines have already thrown us out of our pre-books seats 3 times relocating us in inappropriate seats and separated! Each time we have re-books seats but today find they have moved us again and suddenly all other seats are full! We phoned only to be told that they were not prepared to move other passengers despite them being single travellers even though they had moved us three times without reference to our wishes. We are no longer looking forward to our journey and will be avoiding AA in the future."
"From reading the list of reviews I don't understand why anyone would fly with American Airlines I however am military and am forced to fly what is given to me. Today 21 Feb14 flying on orders from San Antonio to Fort Walton Beach I was forced to pay to have my baggage checked for the first time in 8 years. I fly often and usually have 1 to 2 bags that weigh from 60 to 100lbs and have never been asked to pay. AA seems to have different requirement on baggage weights from state to state. I had no problem with baggage fees leaving Fort Walton but was charged 125 dollars on my return flight departing San Antonio."
"Flight 2048 MIA to JFK Feb 15th in Coach extra. JFK was recovering from a snow-storm but that doesn't forgive the appalling service delivered by AA to passengers stuck for 8 hours on what should be a 3-hour flight. 1 hour late departure ATC orders no blame. 45 minutes holding pattern somewhere off the coast around DC a further delay. Running out of fuel so we have to land in Philadelphia. Quick refuel and push-back only to stop halfway through because the tow-bar has broken. Then return to the gate for one passenger to deplane no explanation but efficiently and quickly done. Land at JFK at 10.45 pm. No gate held on taxiway get assigned gate but access blocked by de-icing an outbound plane assigned another gate so taxi a couple of hundred yards then stop. Eventually move to gate but another 15-minute delay. Eventually get to the gate and disembark at 12.30 am. Wait for baggage is interminable and at first there is no information as to which carousel it's coming on. I get mine at about 1.50 am and that's marked Priority. In 8 hours on the plane there was one drinks service no additional refreshment except for a hand-out of an oat bar. Inadequate communication from the flight deck as to what was happening once we'd landed at JFK. Appalling behaviour and lack of customer care."
"Business Class from Dublin to JFK. Not a great service at all. When we got on the plane the pre-flight drinks were sitting on the table of one of the business class seats. Everything rushed. Hostesses do just the bare minimum required. Earphones faulty. Had them changed and the new ones didn't work. Turns out the socket for the earphones in my seat was broken. So no inflight entertainment for me for the whole flight unless I was prepared for visuals only. Then got a cup of coffee in a filthy cup. Admirals Lounge in JFK is a joke. Pretzels cheese carrots apples some juice and coffee. That's it. You have to pay for anything else at airport prices. Then they looked for $10.50 for a glass of wine. I thought the girl behind the bar was joking. She wasn't. She reluctantly told me that one wine was complimentary and she begrudgingly served it. How can they justify charging Business prices and provide such a sub-standard product? Will never fly with them again."
"We traveled Jan 15 - Feb. 14. Our plane was delayed for an hour in LA and another 45 minutes in Chicago. There were only a few snacks available on our flight the TV didn't work properly and when we got home to Flint MI our luggage wasn't there and there was no reason for this because we had to wait for an hour on the tarmac before taking off."
"Would not recommend flying American. Yesterday morning I called their customer service/flight status line and requested the status of my flight from Cleveland to Charlotte. The automated system told me it was on time and after I selected the option even texted me a copy of the status stating the same thing. I drove to the airport paid to park went to the counter to check my bag and the counter clerk who was quite rude and non-empathetic said your flight was cancelled yesterday. Meanwhile I receive a call from my wife who says she received a call at home stating my connecting flight out of Charlotte had been delayed but the counter clerk had already told me that flight was cancelled too. No call was ever made to tell me either flight had been canceled. I am sure they would like to blame this on the merger or maybe even the severe weather and quantity of flight cancellations but that is nonsense."
"Flew 2/9/2014 from St. Martin to IAH changing in Miami. We were in the first part (\"extra legroom\" section) of the Main Cabin. On the first leg AA was sold out of Meals for Purchase by Row 11. (Dozens of rows behind - no food upset travelers). During the 3 hour calm flight attendants came down the row once to offer a beverage. Zero customer service. Extremely unpleasant crew. During the Miami layover had to retrieve luggage due to Customs. Plane landed at 6.42pm. Got our luggage at 8.05pm! Others still waiting after us. Baggage Claim personnel gave zero customer service. On the second leg into IAH attendants told everyone that someone forgot to put any liquor/beer on the flight. And again attendants came down the aisle once during the 2.5hr flight to offer a beverage (juice water soda only). Zero customer service. AA has a long ways to go in the Customer Service department."
"Flew 2/9/2014 from St. Martin to IAH changing in Miami. We were in the first part (\"extra legroom\" section) of the Main Cabin. On the first leg AA was sold out of Meals for Purchase by Row 11. (Dozens of rows behind - no food upset travelers). During the 3 hour calm flight attendants came down the row once to offer a beverage. Zero customer service. Extremely unpleasant crew. During the Miami layover had to retrieve luggage due to Customs. Plane landed at 6.42pm. Got our luggage at 8.05pm! Others still waiting after us. Baggage Claim personnel gave zero customer service. On the second leg into IAH attendants told everyone that someone forgot to put any liquor/beer on the flight. And again attendants came down the aisle once during the 2.5hr flight to offer a beverage (juice water soda only). Zero customer service. AA has a long ways to go in the Customer Service department."
"ORD to IAH. Check in was a bit of a hassle since the American Airlines staff directed us to a machine kiosk that was malfunctioning. After that hurdle was crossed a slew of others slowly came our way. Our original flight to IAH Houston was scheduled for 3.15pm at 2.55pm (local time) and arriving at 5.55pm the gate attendant told us that the flight had been delayed for an unspecified amount of time. We soon learned that the gate had been changed no announcement by telecom only by looking at the airport television screens did we figure this out. The new departure time was 3:34pm but that didn't happen either so the staff delayed the flight again to 4.04pm. As 4.15pm approached everyone was finally seated on this haggard and small CR7 jet. As we were about to leave the gate the pilot said there needed to be some maintenance and that it would take \"5 minutes\" to complete. 5 minutes passed and then 10 and then 20. By this time it was 4.25pm and we had yet to leave the gate. At 4.45pm we began taxing onto the runway when another problem arose. There apparently was an electrical failure and maintenance needed to be done once again. Back to the gate we go and by now its 5.10pm. Maintenance fixed the problem and off we go! We finally take off at 5.45pm."
"DFW-BOG on A319: Feb 7th. This aircraft should not fly internationally. Not on a 5-hour route anyway. First class is a complete joke with only 2 rows. The bulkhead is extraordinarily uncomfortable and the last and second row simply horrible as seat cannot recline because it is placed physically against the partition between first and coach cabins. Entertainment? Lots of options If the controls work (I was in two seats and none worked properly). All these in addition to an over two-hours delay (excused by the nasty weather in the USA the last couple of weeks). What did not have an excuse at all was the extremely dirty plane (bathroom was not even flushed when first passengers boarded). AA flights to Colombia have shown substandard service and equipment for the longest. I hope all the positive changes in AA's culture that have started being evident after the merger with USAirways also benefit USA-Colombia travelers. In the meantime my personal advice to AA's Bogota-bound travelers: do not pay Business or First. AA is generally a good value in the back of the plane but not worth pay premium cabin for a substandard product and service into Bogota. I recommend AA anywhere but Colombia-bound routes."
"Flew Las Vegas - JFK 28 Jan 2014. If it wasn't for our crew the flight would've been miserable all the crew smiled from boarding to landing I was expecting the opposite the Flight attendant looking after us in the front was excellent he was always in the cabin offering drinks and so on only complaint is the seats and IFE after coming off a Virgin America first class flight they are way beyond AA's seats. The food was below par way below par that I couldn't eat it where as I could eat almost anything."
"LAX-NRT Economy cabin B777-200. Have to say one of my worst experiences in a very long time. Were told before boarding the IFE was broken so expect no TV for the next 12 hrs. Boarded an old plane with dirty cabins. Blanket and candy wrappers in my/ my wife's seat pockets. To my right on the other side of the aisle there was a lady with an empty seat next to her. She wanted to fold up the armrest so she could sleep across but the armrest would not stay up which was later solved by flight attendants using masking tape. My reading light was broken. American Airlines truly lived up to what US airlines are famous for - grumpy flight attendants shouting at foreign passengers who merely wanted to find out more about the food they were being served. And while on food absolutely horrible and I am sure anyone on that flight would have described it as such. Same chicken and rice dish for both meals but called different names. Same sauce same meat but one with carrots and onions. Not asking for Michelin- starred gourmet meals but this was just miles apart from coach class catering at other airlines I have flown with for example Cathay or Japan Airlines. If they can do it why can't American. Flight attendants delivering service chewing gum. Signs they were getting a tad too relaxed about their work environment. I am a frequent traveller and do not often (in fact my first time) post reviews but I really think flight deserves American's attention."
"Have flown AA F GRU-MIA-GRU several times. It is true that AA has pyjamas in First and better linen but still: cabin is always a bit dirty food is pathetic for first class with $8 wines and cheap whisky. Service has improved a bit they try but far from being a real F experience. On arrival especially at GRU priority tags are just part of your luggage decor: I have lost count of how many times I had to wait much more than coach passengers for my bags. The TAM product is far better and as they join Oneworld soon goodbye AA."
"JFK to Heathrow. The flight was needlessly delayed by 3hrs at first not because of any weather or anything but just because it was not \"ready\" yet and then after we were boarded it was again delayed by 2 hrs. After we landed in Heathrow people who missed flights were not given any sort of lodging etc. This is totally unexpected from an international airline which is considered first rate. I write this comment to let people know what they can expect if they plan on a long flight with AA."
"Traveled from Barcelona to NY flight # 67 and paid $89 for what we believed were extra legroom seats. Seats were cramped boarded last no space in any nearby bins for hand luggage plane was ancient didn't even have individual air controls. AA states we booked 'preferred seats' which merely allowed us to choose our seats for $89!"
"I have flown MIA-JFK on an old B767-300. Flight was full. Seat very old but comfortable and pitch was ok. Entertainment only through overhead screens. I was shocked that this aircraft had the new hatrack design only for premium cabins Economy cabin still had the 90's hatrack design which a) looks very old and b) does not have enough room for everyone. Only non-alcoholic drink service for this 2hr flight. Staff very unprofessional. There seems to be an inconsistency in their uniform. One female flight attendant was wearing - what seemed to be her personal apron that featured dozens of US flags next to each other. After landing in JFK we had to hold at a remote stand before our gate was available. As usual passengesr were standing up and retrieving their bags from the overhead bins despite the captain making an announcement to remain seated. No flight attendant took any action only a Captain in American Airlines uniform travelling as a passenger made assertive requests for everyone to remain seated to which everyone then complied. Also saw a male flight attendant making a call on his mobile phone during taxiing to the gate. Very unprofessional!"
"Ghastly flight in First Class on AA from PVG to LAX. The flight attendants were very nice. The seat was horrible. Uncomfortable. Had really poor leather padding a very weird need to press a latch under the arm of the seat first in order to operate seat controls. When in the bed/sleep position the seat had a bulging ridge in the middle hinge that made it impossible to lie on. There was no privacy because the seats had no enclosures or partial walls just wide open so that all the lights noise smells of the cabin were omnipresent. Bad lighting tiny hard to move video screen dirty floor cheap broken plastic laminate console patched poorly with silicon putty etc. It was like a really bad business class. Actually I've flown several times in AA's sub marginal business class and as bad as they are the seat padding is actually superior to the first class seats. Guess anyone who tolerates this service has never flown Cathay Pacific. Their biz class is outstanding. Every seat with an aisle seats constructed to provide lots of privacy good lighting headphones mirror private cabinet lots of room really comfortable lie flat seat. I used 67.5 thousand miles for my lousy AA flight."
"American Airlines flight 940 on January 3 2014 in Economy from Santiago Chile to Miami. No personal TV like most foreign airlines no headphones available (only for sale) wine and beer for sale only only one choice of meal flight attendants who don't look presentable no free copy of the Wall Street Journal or local business newspaper no after dinner spirits no ear plugs and eye shades and the seat pocket in front had trash from the previous passenger. The aircraft must have been one of the oldest I've flown in years. I will continue avoiding AA as much as I can."
"ORD-LHR on 12/01/14 (QR 5288 - Qatar Airways code share). Flown AA many times overall impression has never been wonderful - usually met expectations though. This flight however was a shocker. Clapped out 767. Old CRT screens from the 90's hanging from the ceilings. Each one in the cabin had a different colour tinge. Meals were ok nothing to rave or complain about. Hostesses were surly with a bad attitude. Passenger next to my wife asked for a cup of coffee and my wife very politely asked for a cup of tea as well. Hostess snapped that she couldn't remember two things at once. Very unimpressive crew about as friendly as rattlesnakes."
"Currently flying from Boston to Austin (via Dallas) on AA. Flights have been on time and aircraft condition is not bad. However we are flying with our 3 year old twins who are actually very good travelers and have found that AA is not family friendly at all. They do not offer any pre boarding for families with small children. We travel with carseats for the kids because we find that this keeps them calm and contained throughout the flight a benefit for all on board but this takes a few minutes for us to put into the seats when we get on the plane and is incredibly difficult to do with many other travelers simultaneously boarding. So when they oddly did not call families for pre boarding on this flight we went up to the front during one of the many other pre boarding categories (carrying our carseats and our tired kids walking) and asked if we could pre board. We were told that we could not that others had paid for this service and we would have to wait on the side. We waited as instructed and when we got on we found that most of the plane had somehow already boarded and it was extremely difficult to get set up. We got no offers of help from any staff members. This is the least family friendly airline we have ever flown hope we won't ever have to fly it again - we fly a lot even with the kids will try to avoid AA in the future. Also in flight entertainment was broken on our of our flights."
"SKB-MIA 27/12/2013 on AS 1009. Poor service with no safety checks on take off or landing. Luggage in emergency exit rows and blinds down. We landed 25 minutes early but then had to wait over 1 hour to hook on to the terminal. On dismantling (it was at night) all the lights went out. The crew did nothing no torches at all and to cap it all they were laughing. AA never again."
"MAD-DFW Business: Every single aspect of the flight is mediocre and lagging well behind competition. Tatty 767-300ER with 90s interior (claustrophobic even in Business). Caution: if you assume that travelling Business means you can relax and board the last on this Madrid-Dallas route you are in for a huge shock. All overhead compartments designed last century are not capable of storing vertically standard 22\" hand carry and as a result they get filled quickly. Crew unhelpful preferring to watch the chaos instead of assisting. Entertainment is only provided by Samsung Galaxy distributed by the Crew but at least the headset is high end (BOSE). Food is the only consolation tasting above average. Did not check any luggage due to fear of losing it at DFW. And here is the final kicker: Admiral lounge at DFW gives you a coupon valid for one drink only the very first time I was treated like a homeless at a Business Lounge. Avoid at all costs."
"BCN-MIA on AA 113 26 December in economy. Plane - 767 - dirty scruffy and well used. No seat back screens and on the overhead screens the first film started before the crew handed out ear phones - they were too busy preparing their sleeping quarters. Food dismal and when I went to the galley to ask for some water I was told \"Wait 10 minutes and we will be round\". But the main issue was safety. No pre take off safety check and on landing 2 emergency exit rows I could see were full of luggage on the floor the occupants on one had ear phones in and their Ipads on window blinds were shut and all this less than 2 metres away from a steward. Disgraceful. The staff were the worst I have ever had and to top it all they took 3 days to deliver our luggage. Never again will I fly with American. If I could give a zero rating I would."
"MIA-JFK on 7/1/2014 on AA 1510. As with my 2 previous reports dreadful staff who did no safety checks and again blinds down and some setbacks not up. A dismal old dirty plane - 757 - which must have been 20-30 years old. No info provided prior to landing 're connections and when I asked how to get from T8 to T7 was told \"ask in the terminal\". I was so pleased that our final leg was with BA. And to cap it all American lost my Wife's luggage again. Why BA and other airlines have codeshare arrangements with this dismal appalling airline is beyond me."
"AA 57 LHR-MIA 31 Dec. Inflight service in First Class seemed friendly enough however the food and beverage suffered by comparison with British Airways. AA serves Dewar's Scotch $20/litre BA Johnnie Walker Blue Label $200/litre. But certainly AA seats while older were lie-flat and comfortable in comparable pods. Where AA fails wretchedly is on the ground in baggage claim and in passing through security in Miami where there is no 'Fast Track' access to ongoing flights. For two years in a row despite flying International First Class with baggage checked and tagged 'Priority' by the international departure airport I waited nearly an hour for the bags in Miami with no American personnel in the baggage claim area to assist and no out source baggage company access to American computers. The result is that a missed or delayed international arriving bag must be reported outside customs and security to AA's baggage service office which does not have access to bags inside customs!"
"EWR-MIA-SXM. On first leg late arriving aircraft meant a delayed departure and a dirty plane. Flight was saved by excellent FA. Second leg late again no pre departure beverage uninterested FA/crew and filthy bathroom. Food service is rushed and fair at best."
"Flew from Recife Brazil to Miami. This airline continues to live up to their reputation that they have earned for being terrible. The check-in experience was such a demonstration of incompetence and bad manners by the counter staff. Both the ground and cabin staff were not helpful and rude. They seriously need to undergo training in customer service. They were 11 passengers in Business class cabin and they'd already run out of Beef and seafood by the time they asked me for my choice of food. The food was very bad. The seat was old and the entertainment system did work for some passengers. The staff disappeared by the time they take away the food."
"I travel internationally very frequently on business and holiday. My recent flights with American Airlines between London and New York were the worst in years. Rude unhelpful ground staff a website that wouldn't process seat selections filthy planes and truly disgusting bathrooms. Of the seven different airlines I travelled with in the last 2 months American was the worst. The flight crew were also noisy and talked for hours during an overnight flight. I will not use them again."
"As part of a One World American Airlines codeshare with Malaysia Airlines my family and I traveled on AA from West Palm Beach (B737-800) Chicago (B767-300 winglet) London 2 Jan and was completely satisfied despite the delays due to weather in Chicago. 3.5 hours delay in West Palm Beach and another 2.5 hours delay in Chicago. Both flight were packed. The super friendly hospitality of their Cabin Crew made the journey pleasant. The breakfast prior to landing in London was made up of just one tiny croissant and a small cup of yoghurt. Their aircraft's are old and their IFE very ancient. Do not have a high expectation and you will be fine."
"FRA to DFW on 1/10/14. Wife and children (well behaved and quiet) coming back home. No special meal request. Cabin crew went past them on two occasions once during the beverage service and once during the meal service without stopping to ask if they wanted something to eat or drink. They were not even sleeping. Worse was when my wife called them back the flight attendants acted all surprised that my wife and children actually wanted to eat or drink anything! Yes on a 11 hour flight. Incredible."
"Trip from Hamilton Bermuda - JFK-IND on January 2 2014. Flight arrived at JFK at 10.40 am and supposed to take- off to IND at 3 pm. Without any announcement or explanation flight has been delayed until 8pm when snow storm started then airplane was de-iced after which it returned to the gate and pilots left. Passengers were given alternative flights the next day - we got 2 tickets on Delta and told there are no vouchers for the delay. We booked on our own a hotel in NYC and next day all flights were still grounded. AA kept us on the phone for hours until we called Delta who changed the ticket for us and we flew the next day home."
"PAN-MIA-LHR. This flight was delayed and delayed with no information forthcoming. We were eventually informed that it was due to a late incoming flight. The delay was so long that we were eventually told that the flight had to be cancelled because the crew were out of time and they did not have a replacement crew available. We were then told that we would be taken to a hotel room for the night and rescheduled for the next day. The staff did not follow this up with any action and eventually we found out why. They had miraculously found a replacement crew so the flight was back on. Even then we were given the option of flying or staying in a hotel. By now the flight was 6 hours late. We were promised by AA staff that when we got to Miami our onward flights would be rebooked and that there would be buses to take us to a Miami hotel for the night with transfers back to the airport. The flight to Miami was appalling no hot food surly crew. I was given two bags of nuts as a \"comp.\" When we finally arrived at Miami the ground staff were useless one particular individual putting on the best display of passive aggression towards customers that I have ever seen. We were left to fend for ourselves. I got a taxi to a motel and paid my own way. Luckily the hotel had a free airport shuttle the next day."
"I was at the priority check-in line for flight 169 LAS to NRT scheduled departure 9.15am. I arrived 2 hours early I thought the priority line should be fast however I waited for 1 hour and was still waiting. From early morning there was only one 1st class counter opened the 2nd one was opened at 8.15am. The line was very long slow and chaotic. One agent tried to organize it so that the passengers waiting would not obstruct the walkway she had to repeat the same message again and again to every passenger that joined the queue. What a waste of man power and inefficiency."
"CDG to JFK. Flight bought at the last minute at a very reasonable price. Of course you get what you pay for. The plane (B767) looks good from the outside (new painting). Inside it's so old that I can't even remember the last time I've been in such an outdated plane. The overhead compartments were so small that even my bag pack could not fit in. No need to talk about inflight entertainment as there's barely any. It's just a few central screens with two movies played. The funniest is that business class seats apparently don't have inflight entertainment either as before we landed the crew mentioned that they would be collecting portable devices in business class. The seat was of course quite worn out and not that comfortable. At least the food was not that bad. I expected much worse after boarding the plane. Maybe it's because it was made in CDG but the pasta I ordered were tasty (even though the portion could have been bigger). What struck me was how non existent the flight attendants were during the flight. They showed up to bring the main meal and the snack before arrival in JFK and that's about it. AA had reserved the last three seats of the plane for them. Two of the FA's spent the flight on those seats while the third one remained hidden behind the curtain in the galley. You didn't feel welcome to ask for refreshments during the flight. Anyway all in all American clearly offers a substandard product. The worst product I've seen I think is that of US Airways. I can't imagine what the merger of the two will produce."
"LHR - DLW - Reno. Major complaint is seat allocation. Booked flight for 6 including 2 children under 7 6 months ago. Online checks appeared to show a group of 6 seats allocated together. At check in for return flight we were told that no allocation had been made and that only 3 groups of 2 seats were available. I thought that seating for family groups were a prime consideration. How naive of me. Other airlines such as Virgin can manage this simple task! DFW to Reno leg used an old Mcdonnell Douglas 80. In each direction the family were placed right at the rear where the engine noise was fearsome throughout the trip. Incidentally why not load the rear first to avoid the constant queuing to get on board and luggage stowed when loaded from the front?"
"I was booked from JFK to GRU on AA 951 on Jan 3 2014. American Airlines cancelled the flight without explanation and provided no alternatives. I scrambled to find a replacement flight on my own and got a seat on AA 919 from JFK to GRU the next day Jan 4 2013. I checked in more than 3 hours prior to the flight and went to the gate where staff were simply milling about. No boarding announcements until one of the American Airlines staff said that \"The plane (which had arrived a day earlier) was at the hanger\" when it should have been at the gate. Time of departure was pushed back 30 minutes then another 30 minutes then another 30 minutes and so on until it was 3 hrs late! As a result we could not go anywhere but had to stick around in case the flight suddenly started to board. When it was time to board the famous rudeness of American Airlines staff reared its head. The gate staff started barking at passengers about boarding the aircraft efficiently. The head of the cabin crew made a similarly rude announcement that passengers should take their seats quickly. The only saving grace was I finally asked for an upgrade and got one. Still even in a higher cabin the service was poor by notoriously grumpy flight attendants. We landed several hours late in GRU and had to wait a long time for ground staff to bring the moving bridge to the plane! The only reason I stay with American Airlines is for the frequent flier miles."
"Recently landed from DFW-LAX-SFO. On my initial flight from DFW to SFO most things in comparison were fine however the quality of first class compared to Virgin is excessively disappointing. There were a lot more passengers in the first class then ever the FA was running around endlessly and even forgot to give us a cookie or even a snack with our drink. On the return trip the service was much better but did not offer any pre-flight beverages. On the last leg they even failed to grab my coat and hang it up for us. Overall Virgin America still has true First Class seats the new AA first class are more like business class with amenities. The food is quote mediocre but better then before."
"Wanted to fly from ORD to CLE and decided to take AA for the first time after having had bad experiences with them a few years ago. Flight was canceled 1 min before departure without any information and now have been waiting for 7 hours to get my bag returned. The ground staff are rude and unhelpful if this is suppose to be the new American as they advertise it then I think they should over think their business model."
"As noted in previous posts the American Airlines of today is in the midst of a steady decline. The AA of the 70's and 80's is now just a distant memory. This week I had my 17 year old on a flight from from ORF to DFW then to SGF. Easy connection and my son knows DFW very well and can get around pretty easily. While tracking the flight it was diverted to Charlotte. Reason was weather in DFW. Delay after delay now became a mechanical issue. So arrive DFW 2 hrs late. Needless to say he missed the connection and with Christmas there are no other seats the rest of the day until 9am the following morning. If I had not acted quickly and did some pleading with AA I was able to get him to XNA 7 hours late. So all in all AA is just nothing but a band of misfits and poor maintained aircraft. My son made it to XNA where a relative picked him up and delivered to SGF 2 hours away. Picked up bag next morning in SGF."
"It is almost laughable that AA is a part of Oneworld when the service standards of AA are not even close to its alliance partners. I flew LAX-NRT yesterday - disinterested and poorly-dressed cabin crew small and uninspired meals and an entertainment system that could have been considered to be state of the art in 1990. Each time the fasten seat belt was on there were no safety announcements and passengers and crew wandering around the aircraft during turbulence. It was such a pleasure to board a Qantas aircraft for the remainder of my journey."
"This airline continues to live up to their reputation that they have earned for being terrible. I arrived at my connecting flight 10 minutes early only to be greeting by the agent who says \"we gave your seat away because you were late\" then proceeds to close the door. I was 10 minutes before departure time! I am a Platinum customer! American knew I was coming. Being a customer much less one with status means nothing to American."
"Had reservations for San Francisco - Miami and later on Miami - New York La Guardia on my 3 weeks USA tour. The SFO-MIA flight started badly where all passengers were standing in a long line 5am in the morning with no open check in counters and self-check in unresponsive. Some passengers overheard AA staff state that the flight will be delayed however I saw that all was according to plan on all screens. Ground staff finally came and they denied any delays. Self check in either couldn't read the passport scans or simply loading into oblivion with an error message at the end. AA staff was more concerned only with payment for checked in baggage which for a non US passenger is considered unacceptable. Check in was chaotic to say the least and the First class counter looked even less organized. Only after everyone was checked in the flight jumped from 7am to 8am and in an hour the flight was delayed to 5.30pm! No explanation or apology. Only 1 agent handled the full flight rerouting people with onwards destinations but no interest in assisting any of the passengers who have Miami as their final stop. No apologies no assistance no accommodation no food for a 10 hours delay! The afternoon flight was boarded on time on an ancient B757 that seemed to still have technical problems as we learned from the crew. We stayed on the tarmac for another 90 minutes. Plane old and showing its age with interior from the 80s and an inaudible flickering screen leg room acceptable. Crew incredibly chatty amongst each other. Non visible cabin presence. Flight from Miami to New York as well an ageing 737-800. As they again charge for checked in bags all bring oversized bags onboard causing a less than civilized situation where there is NO space for all the bags thus delays in checking those bags and taking them out of the cabin. Again no food onboard for a long flight. Will never consider this airline."
"Will never fly with this airline again just dreadful. Manchester to JFK and back just one film each way overhead TVs in the aisles not seatback. Poor food terrible tea coffee not much better staff looked worn out and as if they wished they could be anywhere apart from working on those planes. Delayed 2 hours on the way back. Two hours sitting on the plane is no fun. Obviously no contingency plan there then! Next time I'll just fly to Heathrow and fly with Virgin."
"Having just flown American Airlines for the first time from JFK to London Heathrow I can honestly say AA are a contender for the worlds worst airline. From the state of the plane to the poor quality of the food to a laughable 1970's entertainment system all compounded by a disinterested flight crew. As a regular intercontinental traveller used to flying airlines such as Emirates Singapore Qatar etc I was truly shocked by how bad AA really are. What made it funny was reading the CEO's editorial in the inflight magazine his goal of being the worlds best carrier is a long way off."
"My trip from Toronto to Bogota has not happened yet as the connecting flight from Toronto to Dallas was delayed due to mechanical problems based on what we were told and they did not allow us to board the flight. The AA reps had us wait in front of different counters for more than 5 hours without resolving anything to more than 20 people. In addition they had to handle the receiving flights. The staff was rude and not friendly at all. I gave up and agreed to have my trip delayed by one day losing one entire day in my vacation plans. I hope today it will be different. I will never use this company for my business trips."
"To start with my departing flight to Dallas was canceled due to bad weather. The AA rep couldn't have been less helpful. In addition when she re-routed me the new flights had no first class seats. Therefore I expected a refund to fly coach. They refused because I supposedly got a special rate which was still more than double of the coach rate and I was not eligible for a refund. On my flight home the first class section had no TV or movie and had nowhere to plug in my headphones to listen to music. My best advice is to fly United."
"Recently flew with American to and from Key West FL. It seems overly obvious that this 'old' airline is staffed with employees who are looking forward to retiring. Late flights unusual delays on the tarmac fake smiles and just the feeling of being on a cattle car. The days of friendly flight attendants is but a fond memory."
"AA 922 from La Paz (LPB) via Santa Cruz (VVI) to Miami. This flight is constantly delayed or even cancelled. Most of the time due to technical problems which means that airline politics put cost control above performance and well above customer satisfaction. Always try to find a LAN flight before travelling with AA."
"Thursday evening they cancelled my son's flight to DFW (due to weather) I held on the phone for 1.5 hours and even though he was flying as an unaccompanied minor and they could see I was on another flight to a foreign country at the time they wanted me to pick him up and take him back to the airport later. My friends husband came to the airport to take my son so he could then take him to his new 2pm flight. I waited in line at the airport I was flying out from for a gate agent to fill out the paperwork pay the extra fee etc. but no one was even at work at the gate. I have to fill out paperwork for my son pay and still get to my own flight and through security. My son was put on a flight for that afternoon then makes it to Dallas. Today I come back to the country and when attempting to board my flight from MIA to DFW I am told I can't take my bag on that has already been on 4 American Flights since Friday. They called final boarding. She proceeded to tell me now I wouldn't be getting on that flight. The supervisor eventually put me on a standby flight for 6.50 am since I missed the 8.35 pm flight I was supposed to be on the night before. They told me I was welcome to sleep in the terminal. At this point I don't know if I'll get on the flight in the morning since I'm standby and they wouldn't assure me a seat."
"I am appalled by AA's ticket and baggage agents! Today my 76 year old Grandmother flew on an international flight from JFK to POS through MIA and from check-in to arrival was treated extremely poorly. This is a trip we have given her every year for the past 10+ years. But from check-in at JFK - the AA agents were rude and gave the impression as if we weren't worth the time. The trip began at 3am since her flight was scheduled to depart at 5.40am - I personally booked her round trip ticket and re-confirmed the requests for wheelchair service an aisle seat and extra legroom days in advance. None of these requests were listed on her reservation and when we asked the agent if she could try to accommodate in any way we were give very abrupt and snide no's. The wheelchair took 20 minutes to come. Baggage clerks - instead of checking her bags and placing them on the conveyor we were told that she had to carry them to the gate and place them on the conveyor herself as \"they aren't paid to do so\". Her transfer in MIA was exactly the same - no wheelchair assistance listed on the system and in order to make her connecting flight my Grandma had to walk a distance - from her arrival gate to the departure gate. Never again."
"Flew from Seattle on December 3rd. Arriving to Chicago we have found that our flight AA4250 to Hartford has been canceled. The AA representative has claimed that it is because of weather which was impossible to believe as practically all the flights to New England had been on time. We realized lately that they canceled it due to small amount of passengers. This is how American makes its money: they lure people with low price and convenient time and then cancel the flight when there is not enough passengers shifting the cost of the night stay transportation and the rest to the customers. Shameful practice. Ultimately unreliable."
"Traveled one-way moving back home from Miami to Rio. They use the same ancient Boeing 767-300 that I used to fly 20 years ago on this route. There is still no individual screens in economy. Dinner was acceptable and the flight attendant even offered a repeat entree-without my asking! Breakfast before landing was a small albeit a hot croissant with coffee and orange juice. Although we departed on-time the arrival in Rio was late by almost 30 minutes-with no explanation from the crew. All in all AA is not a bad airline: I just believe it has defined itself as a mediocre carrier. If it's cheap I'd fly it again."
"I would never have booked a flight with American Airlines had I known what a pain they are and how much they lack in customer service. I ended up taking the loss and canceling my flight to book with United Airlines. They don't have ridiculous change fees (200$ - more than my ticket cost) and they have people who actually care to help you and listen to what you say on the phone. American Airlines needs a serious makeover and judging from the hundreds of reviews previously posted saying similar things and not recommending the airline as well I am not the only one who thinks this."
"Had to cancel my trip because of American's multiple delays. They called awakening me at 3am advising my flight was delayed until 12pm from its original time of 7.15 am. I arrived at the airport to self check in for my boarding pass because I couldn't print online due to the change. There was one person servicing people for \"self- check in\" in one line. So if people needed to check bags they were in the same line as those who did not need to check bags and only needed to get to the kiosk to obtain the boarding pass. An American employee should have been there to redirect people who needed only boarding passes and have separate lines. I stood in line for 30 minutes to get to the kiosk and obtain my boarding pass with no bags to check. Service attendant appeared incompetent to other customers ahead of me. The service was very slow with no pleasant smiling faces. Further I learned when I got to the gate that Flight 1202 again delayed another hour for 1 pm. Then I receive a voicemail that the flight again delayed until 5 pm and that I would arrive in Dallas 10.10 pm not to arrive in CT until Thursday at 12 noon. That was also not guaranteed. I needed to be in Hartford CT by 8 am. Hence why I scheduled the flight for early morning departure the day before. While I received a refund I didn't make my conference. They offered no alternatives to get me to CT in time on Wednesday. They only offered me an overnight stay at DFW airport red eye at 1.25 am with no sleep for arrival at my conference at 12 noon more than 4 hours late for the conference. Every time I deal with American there is always something. I will not fly American again."
"Flight that we were boarding in Denver arrived late we only had 53 minutes of layover time before our next flight in Phoenix. The flight attendants at the gates were informed we 4 along with 16 other passengers were going to miss our connecting flight due to the late arrival. 16 people. When we arrived in Phoenix to my surprise our connecting flight departed on-time we arrived 20 minutes late. 16 people late due to a late plane arrival/departure nothing any one of us passengers could have prevented. Naturally we proceeded to the customer service desk. I received a 100$ voucher for a flight costing more than 500$ no food or drink? 16 of us disgruntled passengers slept in the airport. I will never fly them again."
