"x"
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Orlando. This was my first time flying Frontier. I grew up as a pilot's kid and flew all over as a kid. I was happy to see what looked like a new A321 with the latest Frontier livery on the exterior along with the winglets. Online check-in was easy. Had boarding pass in hand. The ticket was around 25 dollars, and I paid another 95 dollars for a carry on and one checked bag. My carry on was a backpack for my laptop/wallet/phone misc items. Because I sat in 1F my book bag had to get stowed in the overhead compartment. I think this is an FAA rule, but for the life of my it makes no sense. Window seat with no emergency door, no one is going to trip over my book bag in an emergency. But not the airline's fault. The interior appeared very new, seats modern. Seat comfort was ok, only a little over 2 hours. Had this been a three hour or longer flight, this could be uncomfortable. Seats are pretty hard, despite how cool they look. I let everyone else board first, pretty much, and stretched out in the terminal for as long as possible. I declined any in flight purchases. Brought my own snacks. People complain about having to pay for bags, carry-on bag restrictions, having to pay for food in flight etc, but the ticket is only 25 bucks, go find somewhere else to complain. After climbing through 10,000 feet they did give me back my book bag. This experience was great. Unfortunately my return leg is with another airline due to my schedule. Flying back on a Sunday and need to be back as early as possible."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Nashville. Before booking with Frontier I read the reviews. Most were negative. I decided to book anyway and I am glad I did. Our flight was not only on time but early arriving in Nashville. The check in was easy and everyone was friendly. Because I had researched I knew I needed to buy my seat, pay ahead for checked bags and bring my own snacks. Because of the great experience and the low prices I will be flying with Frontier again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Memphis. I missed my flight on September 30 and was rebooked for the 2 October. My past experience with flying haven't always been great, but this one was amazing. Yes my flight was delayed a few times due to the massacre there but we were giving food vouchers twice, we were in the safest place in the city and keep informed. The crew both ways were wonderful and the pilots were amazing. Just wanted to say thank you for making my trip a good experience."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Phoenix. Frontier is not luxury and does mean exactly what it says, no frills. However, it got me from Atlanta to Phoenix relatively comfortably, safely and inexpensively. The crew were courteous enough but did seem focused on selling something. Whether it be drinks, snacks or credit cards they were determined to make the extra dime. My backpack worked fine, I drank a cup of free water and got the aisles seat I wanted so I didn't spend an extra dime. Both flights were early and I arrived impressed and pleased with all the money I saved. Not a single issue to complain about!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Cleveland. My family was in Orlando during the hurricane warnings. We had originally had airlines to leave on Saturday the 9th. Frontier sent us an email offering a flight out on 9/7 at 7am. We went ahead and booked that as well. They offered these flights at $29 dollars. Very affordable and not gouging like other airlines at this time. Words cannot convey how blessed we are to have received this offer from Frontier. We called in and not only did they change our flight but credited back money from the flight on Saturday. They got us out and also took people on stand by. They waited to get as many people out as possible. The pilot, and flight attendants were all helpful and caring. The pilot said the crew was out of Maui and what an amazing crew!! We have flown with Frontier several times before and have never had any issues at those times . Only good things to say about them. Thank you Frontier for what you offered and got us out of Orlando in time. If we wouldn't have had the other offer Frontier gave to us and changed ticket dates we would of been stuck as they are closing the airport. We give Frontier a thumbs up and will use them often for other travel destinations. Thank you Frontier for helping us and making a way out."
"Verified Review | I would like to request a special thank you to the Frontier Check in staff from Miami International Airport. On September 5th at 7 pm, I was traveling to Las Vegas with my husband and due to Irma hurricane alert we decided to cancel out trip at the last moment unexpectedly. They were extremely helpful and we are very satisfied with the way they handle and understand our situation. It is people like this that make companies like Frontier take hospatality to the next level of customer service. Thank you again."
"Verified Review | Denver to San Francisco. Flying to San Francisco the trip is off to a rough start. Not making two separate flights (luggage complications) we were referred to the airlines dispute department? The customer service rep went above and beyond, while all flights were booked out of DEN, she put us on a flight out of Colorado Springs - with no flights left out of Denver she was able to get us on a flight out of a nearby city. I love it when customer service reps are solutions based. She stayed on the phone with us for 45 minute and found a way."
"Verified Review | I have flown with Frontier Airlines for about 7 year so now. For the first few years I really disliked their customer service and everything else about them. Their cheap flights surely reflected in their services. However over the years I've grown to understand that if you are smart and take your time and understanding Frontier and how they operate, then your flight won't cost any more than the price reflected after taxes and fees. You don't have to pay for a seat. You don't have to pay for a personal item like a backpack or small item, that is smaller than a traditional carry on. Those are optional. Many people see the seat selection and bag selection and believe it's mandatory, but it isn't. Just press continue and you'll have your seat selected for you. As long as you are at the airport and are at the counter to check any baggage within 45 minutes of your flight, then you can check in and check your bag. Any sooner past 45 minutes til your flight, even at 44 minutes? And you will not be able to check you bag or check in. In all reality Frontier leaves your success up to you. They are an amazing airline as far as cost goes and they have many options that allow you to customize your experience. Anyone with any other opinion? isn't doing it right. I fly with Frontier now at least 3 times a month. And I wouldn't change it for anything. Because if I did? I couldn't afford to even fly 1 time a month, let alone 3."
"Verified Review | I recently flew a non-stop flight from Cleveland to San Diego to pick up my children after their summer break and back to Cleveland from San Diego. After all the bad reviews I was expecting the worst, after all I purchased the tickets for 50% off. I was incredibly impressed! The night before, I had to call Frontier to find out about my children receiving an escort to get them through security and meet me on the other side, their customer service was so helpful and patient giving me info about how to obtain a gate pass. I felt well informed of their carry on policy and that only a personal item was included but just to make sure at the gate, I asked. She gladly stepped out to take a look for me. I was expecting an old beat up plane that I'd have to be saying prayers the entire way that I'd make it there safely but instead I walked onto a very clean, new plane. The seats did not recline, but were comfortable enough to take a few naps. The plane wasn't too crowded, so staff informed us that we can change seats after take off. They do charge for snacks and drinks, but I packed some snacks for my kids for the flight home and they didn't have one complaint. Overall, I would definitely recommend, their staff are wonderful and seeing how I paid just about $300 for 4 tickets to fly across the country, you really can't beat that."
"Verified Review | As a first time flyer I must say I was happy with my experience flying from Ft Lauderdale to Cincinnati. Turbulence was little rough at times even at 36,000 feet but not the airlines fault. Flight arrived 25 minutes early at our destination. Crew were friendly and professional. Pilot greeted us as we boarded and was friendly. I would recommend Frontier to my friends and family and plan on using them again. Only thing I would add is personally I would have liked to hear the captain announce when we cross over state lines if possible. Not sure if that is something that is done on other flights or maybe I'm the only person who would care to know such things. Overall great experience for me as a first timer."
"Verified Review | I had a simple non-stop flight from Orlando to Raleigh Durham. Knowing the baggage fees, I only took a backpack which fit under the seat in front of me. The only issue with the flight was about a 45 minute delay which was not clearly explained. From my observation it seemed to be first of all some delay in loading checked luggage and then also some issues with passengers who had carry on luggage and were not clear on the policy. Whether that was their own fault or a travel agents, I do not know. I feel as though you should be well informed of what you're signing up for on these budget airlines and if you plan accordingly you'll have no problems. The flight itself was ~85 minutes and there were no problems after take off. Very professional flight staff. Being such a short flight I had no need for food/beverage service or wifi. A round trip flight on this route with any of the primary carriers would cost twice as much and probably have a layover - I would opt for Frontier 10 times out of 10. With that said - if you have any carry on or checked luggage, taking a 2 hour + flight or have multiple connectors I can see how the problems could quickly arise and add up. If you have a trip that will fulfill any of those options, might want to go with a primary carrier."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Charlotte. This my first time flying with Frontier Airlines. So many bad reviews regarding seats and having to pay for luggage. But I read all of the must do and don't. And I was pleasantly treated and was not given any problems with my bag, even though it didn't fit in the free carry on slot at Airport. Use American Tourister Weekend bag and was not given a problem. Everyone was very nice. Was a delay but due to weather. Will Fly again with Frontier."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Cleveland. I have heard so many bad reviews about Frontier but was waiting to fly before I made any judgements. We were delayed about 40 minutes, but how can you hold a delay because of severe storms against the airlines. From the time I verified my flight through the help of a associate via phone because my internet was down, to the boarding of the plane, I had nothing but a very good experience. Thank-you Frontier Airline for making the ending of my vacation a lasting memory."
"Verified Review | Austin to Philadelphia. I was nervous about flying with Frontier after reading so many horrible reviews but was pleasantly surprised. Frontier made it very clear to me on their website that they charge for bags, seats, and additional drinks. I made sure that even with all the additional charges, that my ticket would be cheaper than the other airlines. If you're going to be flying with additional family members, perhaps you should not fly with Frontier because of all the additional costs. The seats are going to be less comfy and no outlets or TVs on the aircraft. That's how Frontier keeps its tickets cheap. I flew direct from Austin to Philly and back with no delays or issues. The flight attendants and pilots were very accommodating. I did not pay for comfortable seats or sodas to drink on the plane. I would definitely fly with Frontier again for the amazingly cheap prices and efficiency!"
"Verified Review | I was very reluctant to fly on Frontier due to so many horrible reviews. I had an emergency family situation and Frontier had a non-stop from Portland to Cleveland with the lowest fare I've ever found ($104 base price before bags), so I decided to take a chance on a 'no-frills' carrier. (My usual airline is Alaska). My flights to and from Portland were exactly on time, and boarding was very efficient. The Airbus plane was very clean, the flight attendants were excellent - good-humored, friendly, helpful with special requests, and genuine real people, culturally diverse. I was particularly impressed when the person in front of me asked a flight attendant how to get a job at Frontier and the attendant took a really long time with her, coming back as she had time to answer more questions. She was entirely positive and encouraging about the benefits of working for Frontier and went way beyond what I would have expected. She gave a great 'face' to Frontier. The flight itself was very smooth, but the captain was very cautious when there was a chance of turbulence to warn us, get people back to seats, and lift the seatbelt sign as soon as possible. In most cases, I could tell there was a change in altitude or speed and turbulence was avoided. (I'm a nervous flyer so I appreciate that.) There is not much available in the way of food and beverages, but it seems to me that the 'happy hour' alcohol promotion 2 for 1 deals were over-promoted, and I watched people around me drink way too much and get annoyingly loud. I've certainly seen that on other airlines, but I've never seen happy hour price promotion like this. The aircraft itself was very clean and the attendants came regularly to pick up trash and remind people to get it out of the seat pocket. As to value, I wonder if making bags always paid for whether carry on or checked makes sense, since everyone staying more than one day is likely to have a bag, so why not include it in the fare? But for business there-and-back travel this could be an excellent deal. My one and only negative is that the seat was way too hard. Nice, cleanable vinyl, but almost no padding. I had to keep standing up to relieve the discomfort. I did see another flyer had brought his own inflatable seat cushion, so I might try that next time. For the price I paid, this was an excellent experience and I will absolutely attempt to find Frontier flights when my routes allow it. Glad I took the chance."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Orlando. Excellent customer service! Not one single issue while flying, friendly staff, clean, comfortable, all around great experience. I recently booked again and had an issue with the website. After emailing customer service, the issue was resolved in under 30 minutes. I could not be more happy with the airline and will always recommend their incredible service and, of course, low fares!"
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Portland via Denver. Before flying Frontier Airlines, I was an exclusive Delta customer. I decided to try Frontier after seeing the outrageously overpriced of tickets from the Midwest (IND) to the Northwest (PDX or Seattle.) Now, after flying both airlines, I can say that there is little difference between my experiences with Frontier and Delta. There are a few differences which include more comfortable seats, a free carry-on bag and free snacks and beverages on Delta, but that is about it. It is so worth it to pack a backpack (as my \"free personal item\" for Frontier) and to buy snacks and a drink at the airport because I saved over $300 on my ticket!"
"Verified Review | Denver to Nashville. Initially was worried about flying Frontier Airlines after reading some of the reviews. I was prepared for the worst, but the experience was great, flights on time even arriving early, staff friendly. Would definitely fly Frontier Airlines again and recommend."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier Airlines. I had read the reviews prior to flying and was so worried, I am so thankful I didn't panic. We flew from Seattle to New Orleans connecting in Denver. Flight left on time and we even landed 15 minutes early, same with the flight from Denver to New Orleans! The cabin crew were excellent and both planes were very clean."
"Verified Review | Flew Frontier from Chicago O'Hare to Orlando. I was a bit worried after reading the negative reviews, but all went well during our flights both there and back. Check-in was fast, all bags arrived on time there and back. I had a stroller and car seat which arrived safely without any damage. I would fly Frontier again."
"Verified Review | We were stranded in Los Angeles trying to go back to Charlotte with terrible delays on departure flights. We booked with Spirit Airlines going to Denver to pick up our Frontier Airlines flight connection. Spirit didn't do anything to help us and even said that it wasn't their responsibility. No help. Then Frontier stepped up and offered up a free tickets for me and my husband to go to Denver to pick up our connection. This is almost a miracle, we are boarding now happy to be able to return home as planned. Thanks only to Frontier Airlines. Thank you so much, you deserve an awesome review!"
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Las Vegas. I had a very good experience with Frontier Airlines. My flights were both early arrival time. The plane ride was smooth. The flight attendants were very nice. I bought my seats and paid for a carry on but my bill was still only $270 for both me and my daughter round trip. I am very pleased with Frontier."
"Verified Review | I flew from Washington DC to Denver for a business trip with Frontier Airlines and the flight was great. I will agree with others that the seats are a bit uncomfortable however there was plenty of leg room. Sure you don't get inflight entertainment but bring a book. It's also not a big deal that you have to purchase soda. You do get water complimentary and if you need snacks make sure to buy them ahead of time in the airport. The thing I don't like is that you have to pay for carry on and seat assignment but otherwise it was a good, smooth flight on a clean plane. I had a direct flight and no issues with delays. I will fly them again."
"Unverified | Me and my three children took a flight from San Francisco to Washington through Denver. The process was perfect. When you book on Frontier, you need to understand the terms and conditions. Don't check a bag. Take a small carry on. Bring food and drinks, or be prepared to pay for them. Its really easy to be successful if you understand how this airline works, and that it is a discount airline. The planes were perfect, flight attendants were nice. Good experience and I will fly them again!"
"Verified Review | Cancun to Cleveland. There was a mechanical problem that was dealt with as best they could. We were delayed but given vouchers to use for a flight in future. Yes, a delay, was inconvenient. But certainly better than having trouble in flight. Would certainly fly Frontier again. Overall a very pleasurable flight!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Punta Cana. Normally I am not a type who would write reviews. But we were really wowed by the in-flight service we experienced. In February me, and my sister decided to take a trip to Punta Cana and meet up with our brother and his family who flew in from Europe. My sister was in-charge of booking the trip, and at first I was not happy with her choice to fly with Frontier Airlines. Frontier being a budget airline, and the reputation of nickel and dime'g by the budget airlines was kind a turn off for me specially flying international. From the moment we settled in the seat I was wrong about the perception I had of Frontier Airlines. The seats were very comfortable and one flight attendant was exceptionally friendly and kind. Hardly ever experienced the kind of friendliness and welcoming attitude from a flight attendant ever before. We constantly bugged him to buy more drinks and nuts and he was always there with a smile."
"Unverified | Tampa to Las Vegas. I was hesitant to travel thru Frontier after reading some of the reviews. However, it was the only Non stop flight available, so my wife and I decided to take it. I am glad we did, it was nothing like the reviews. We got the stretch seats, very affordable flight and arrived on time. Staff was great. I would highly recommend it and I would fly with them again."
"Unverified | Chicago to Palm Beach. We had a good flight. Upon reading others reviews, we were prepared for our trip. Here are the negative things I read about, and how I feel about it now. You are allowed one personal bag. We (7 of us) had no problems with this. We had everything we needed in one backpack. No food or drinks on the plane. We knew this as well, just make sure you eat before or buy snacks before you get on the plane. Uncomfortable seats. Our flight was short (under 3 hours) so it wasn't so bad. I wouldn't recommend using Frontier for international travel as that might get a little uncomfortable. Plane was clean. Everyone we encountered with Frontier Airlines was very nice and accommodating. Our flights were on time. We arrived 2 hours early just to make sure that we got checked in. (I read that some people were denied access because of a late arrival) Again, we each had one bag that fit under our seats so no lost luggage. If we lost it, it was on us. Hope this helps!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to San Diego. The night before my flight I read the negative reviews about Frontier airlines and freaked out. I thought to myself wow this is going to be a disaster. However, I have to say from the beginning to the end, it was great. I got a great last minute deal and had no problems. I feel that the people that have a disaster flight tends to vent the negativity. My favorite part about the flight was their food and drink menu, it had a wonderful selection, happy hour deals! Must I say anymore. I've flown all airlines and never seen this. I wanted to speak out amongst all the negativity against them. I flew for half the price and \"flew right\" as they say."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Denver. I've flown with Frontier several times, and every flight has been on time or early. They have the feel of \"we're a growing airline, and we want to earn your business\". I like their model of connecting medium / large cities, cheaper than the mainline airlines. I had to go to a funeral in Atlanta, which would have been well over $1000 on a mainline airline, but was $200 on Frontier. Without that fare, I would not have been able to go. That meant a lot to me. I bought a roundtrip ticket from CVG to Denver, and added The Works package. Well worth it, because I got a nice seat, checked luggage, changeable/refundable ticket, and it was still far cheaper than a mainline airline. Frontier's pun emails are hilarious. I honestly look forward to reading them. My favorite so far is, \"Going on vacation? Alpaca my bags!\""
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Charlotte, and I had no problems flying with Frontier Airlines. Checking in was easy. The staff was courteous, informative and it was a smooth flight. Be sure to have a debit card because drinks and snacks cannot be purchased with cash. I will be flying with Frontier Airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | Milwaukee to Philadelphia with Frontier Airlines. Given all the extremely negative reviews I felt the need to share my experience. Frontier is a discount airline. There are no \"hidden fees\". They beat you over the head with all of their fees. \"Book your bags now for $25. If you book at airport it will be $50\". How people are surprised by this I do not know. You can easily log into their website. Calculate the seat fees. Luggage Fees etc and then compare to other airlines. The plane was nice - I was shocked. Plane took off on time and landed early. Yay! So based on this one flight I would give them a 10/10. I would use them again if I ever needed to travel for cheap and wasn't on a strict timeline."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Atlanta. After reading the negative comments about Frontier, I was pretty nervous to give them a chance. I had to be in Atlanta last minute and they by far had the best fares. I'm a very nervous flyer and always choose airlines with the best ratings so this was definitely a first. Well needless to say, it was a fantastic experience and I will definitely fly them again. As long as you are prepared (as you should be) with extra fees, it's not a big deal. Also, you are allowed a pretty decent size purse for free. The seats are not bad. Granted my flight was not super long but they are in a semi reclined position and I dozed just fine. In my opinion, the seats are actually similar to some on AA and United flights as far as size and recline position. Yes, they don't cover the back of the seats with fabric and the trays are small but who really cares? I expected no legroom as I didn't upgrade and that was actually not a problem either. My legroom was the same as on my last AA flight. The flight attendants were just as nice as the ones on EVERY other airline I've flown, I didn't deal with the desk attendants directly. They came on at the same time as on every other airline clerk desk (a little prior to boarding). They seemed helpful and got a few last minute people on our flight who missed their last flight. You can bring snacks and drinks so you don't have to pay for them. I don't think the savings is worth complaining about pretzels and a small cup of soda. The pilots were great and more talkative during flight then I've ever experienced (which is fantastic when you are a nervous flyer). And finally, our flight was early arriving both going and returning."
"Verified Review | Great experience flying on Frontier from Cincinnati to Las Vegas. I paid the extra for the roomier seats and knew the carry on was more expensive than checked bag, so I put everything in checked and saved money by not taking a carry-on. The check in personnel were very polite as were the gate crew and flight crew. Flight was on time both ways. I bought my own drink and snacks so didn't have to worry about buying food on the plane. All prices are disclosed when you book, so plan accordingly. I do miss the TV's that they used to have. And all seats have shrunk on all transportation anymore, unfortunately. Will definitely fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Nashville to San Diego via Denver with Frontier. After reading the number of negative reviews prior to my flight, I was concerned about my booking. The reality, I had a wonderful experience. It is true that you pay for baggage and seat assignment, but that is advertised upfront prior to purchase of ticket, so a traveler should not hold that against the company, because it was not a hidden cost. The only negative I saw was that they did not have a representative to check baggage before 2 hours of the flight, but again, to lower the cost of airfare, they cut the cost of staffing during those times. I like getting to airports early, but that again is not a fault of the airline. Once the line opened to check baggage, it was quick. My flights were on time for the most part. Departure was a little late leaving Nashville, but was not the fault of Frontier. We arrived on time in Denver and my connecting flight to San Diego was also on time."
"Return leg of my journey. Austin to Chicago flight boarded early, efficient boarding and loaded with in 15 minutes. Flight was full, discount fares do help. Departed the gate early. Flight crew was very professional, courteous and fun. Offerings were at a cost, but that is expected. Flight arrived Chicago about 35 mins early. Always a bonus. Seat comfortable and leg room great. If you have the time and might have to leave the next day, give them a shot. If not, you might want to stick with a legacy carrier, at a higher cost."
"We are all aware that Frontier is a no-frills airline offering discounted travel to many US destinations. In a recent search of flights between Chicago and Austin, TX, Frontier's fare blew away the competition. However, with that said, Frontier has a lot of add-ons. Bag on board $30+, Seat Selection $20+, Checked Bag $30+, Drinks on board $1.99 + (even Water and Coffee). Alas this is their mantra. With knowing that I still purchased the fare, added on their \"Works\" option - Free Carry On, Free Checked Bag, Choice of extra leg room seat, Zone 1 Boarding and ability to change or ask for a refund without penalty! Why not. Flight was full, boarding was quick and easy and the flight left the gate early, as well as arrived early in Austin by 1/2 hour. Seat was comfortable, attendants were very warm and nice and if you wanted anything to consume or eat, you had to pay. All in all, it was what they advertised."
"Verified Review | I would definitely fly Frontier again, our flight from Raleigh Durham to Philadelphia departed on time. I paid extra for the front seats with extra legroom which was worth it and pretty comfortable. The aircraft was very clean and new, the staff were courteous and attentive, that goes for counter staff and flight attendants. I did look into other carriers and with paying for upgrades Frontier still came in cheaper. I understand that they are an ultra low cost carrier and paying for extras and upgrades is to be expected. If people would just do some simple research before they book they would understand how their booking process works."
"I flew from Las Vegas to Austin, Texas on April 23 of this year with Frontier Airlines. The initial fare was quite low, however with the add-ons the total cost came out about the same as American, but I would have to stop and or change planes in either Phoenix or Dallas Fort Worth as well as leaving early in the morning. The timing was what I liked about this flight and it was also cheaper than Southwest. The fare, the charge for a carry on and a checked bag and the additional fee to choose a nicer seat was all fine with me. The cabin was clean and looked fairly new and the inflight service was fine. The lead flight attendant was snappish at first but she settled down after a while and asked if I would move to the bulkhead so that an ill passenger in the back could move to my seat and have a row of three so he could lay down. This same passenger passed out at the boarding gate and EMT's came to the gate, sorted him out and allowed him to fly. I purchased 2 vodkas, a can of Bloody Mary mix, a tube of Pringles chips and I think water which was totaled on the flight attendant's tablet and when I went to sign was surprised to notice a box asking if I wanted to leave a tip for the attendant-this was a surprise to me and I declined. All in all it was what it was-air travel in the 21st century-and the old adage \"You get what you pay for\" applied to this flight."
"Milwaukee to Las Vegas with Frontier Airlines. Very friendly staff, very personal, quick boarding. The extended seating fit my husband who is 6'4\". Both trips back and forth to Las Vegas were quiet and relaxing, no issues at all. The flight was actually early to both destinations which was amazing to us."
"Salt Lake City to Denver. I had an amazing experience with Frontier Airlines. I am military and was able to change my flight at last minute notice and the supervisor, check in attendants, and flight attendants were very helpful and friendly. I will recommend Frontier to friends and family."
"I have flown Frontier Airlines 4 times this winter between Cleveland, Ohio and Tampa, Florida. Every time it has left on time and arrived early. In January, I actually flew for 15 dollars each way non stop! I have high regards for this airline so far! I did not check any bags or pick a seat so I got the best deal around!"
"Verified Review | I was concerned about flying Frontier when I read all the negative reviews, but I had no issues with them at all. My first flight arrived 50 minutes early, and my flight home was on time. I got to pick my own seats so I chose expanded leg room and I was very comfortable. Face it, no airlines offer much more room than the others. I had to pay to check my bag and for snacks on the plane but I have to say my experience was great and I will fly Frontier again."
"My husband booked a flight on Frontier Airlines for our vacation. We left Atlanta to fly to Las Vegas. I had never flown with Frontier so went online to look at the reviews, all were negative. I was concerned about what my flight was to be and how I was to be treated. When we got there, we were received by a very polite and friendly employee at the desk. The plane was on time both ways. The airline employee's were polite and friendly. We received only top treatment. However, just be prepared that you do not receive free drinks like the other airlines, but must pay for them. Other than this, Frontier was no trouble."
"My wife and I were pleasantly surprised by the service on Frontier Airlines when we flew from Chicago to Los Angeles and back. The ground personnel and aircraft crew were polite and professional at both airports and on both flights. Both flights left on time, and arrived early. The seats did not recline, but they were set at a comfortable angle, and were newer and made of a comfortable padded synthetic leather upholstery (not cloth). We were allowed one smaller carry on bag for free, and we were charged $35 each way for each carry on bag in the overhead compartments. But that fee got us Zone 1 priority boarding, no matter where our seats were located. The price of the tickets even including the carry on baggage fee was still far lower than most other airlines. Overall a great trip and I recommend this airline for future travel."
"Frontier is a budget airline. If you're flying with lots of baggage you will want to price check with other airlines that include baggage. I've flown Frontier from Houston to Denver and Houston to Las Vegas. I've flown friends and family out to visit me from those locations as well. It's great for a weekend or 3-4 day visit. Seating is not incredibly comfy, but as someone who is 5'8\" and 140lbs the seat fits me well enough and was fine for the less than 3 hour journey. My father is 6'1\" and he fits the seat as well. He preferred an aisle for the room to stretch out. The tray table is small, but I was able to prop my Kindle Fire 8.9\" table up on it to watch using the stand on the cover. Food and drink : not tried any of the snacks (I brought my own). The first trip I was on crutches and didn't want to walk back to a vending machine in the airport so I bought a soda on the flight : cost $1.99 for a can. A little pricey but with $38 roundtrip for the flight, that put me at exactly $40 for a round trip to Denver. Boarding and staff: all the flights I've taken have boarded within 10 minutes of listed boarding time, no delays, and have arrived early. One flight had a medical emergency on the flight, but still landed in a timely manner. The staff has always been friendly or at the very least non-cranky. Some people just don't have bubbly personalities but were still polite. When on crutches everyone was insanely nice, giving me extra time for boarding, helping me stow my crutches in the overhead and getting them out for me at the end. Prices - subscribe to their e-mails! I cannot stress this enough! I find that they cycle some amazing promos every month or so and you can get incredibly discounted trips as long as you're flexible on your dates and are booking 1-2 months out. I've flown Denver for $38 and Vegas for $75. That's round trip, non-stop. I can't even drive there for that price! Get the e-mails. Be flexible. Understand what counts as a free personal item: a backpack. I recommend the Motherlode Weekender JR if you're flying them often. It's a good investment that meets the dimensions. I also used a dell laptop backpack I have that meets them as well. Use the app for your boarding pass! No fee and it's super easy. Who travels without their phone these days? Great budget airline if you shop the promos and pack light."
"Orlando to Washington with Frontier Airlines. My first flight in 3 years and a fear of flying. Checkin was simple and fast. Staff friendly and nice. Could not have had better experience on both flights. Thank you Frontier for giving me the courage to fly again and the little reminder from flight attendants that I was safe - will fly Frontier whenever possible."
"Detroit to Orlando return, and Frontier Airlines was great, staff was friendly, plane was clean, price was right. Flights were on time with no trouble at all. I read reviews before we flew with them and were expecting terrible service but it was fine. For the price I am not sure what they expect."
"Philadelphia to Kingston, Jamaica, and we enjoyed everything about our experience with Frontier Airlines. Polite and helpful staff, great take off and landing. Flights were on time and at great prices. Didn't expect any frills for the price and none were needed. We'll fly them again. We have flown many other airlines and Frontier Airlines compares equally in most catagories."
"Pleasant experience. Had no problems with the airline or either of these Frontier Airlines flights. I really like that they have a separate \"bag drop\" line from the \"check-in\" line. It allows those that check in ahead of time to get through faster. The staff at check in was very friendly and helpful telling us where to go after dropping bags. Orlando TSA is horrific, but obviously that doesn't count against Frontier. The actual flight was just the same as any other airline. Okay, you didn't get free peanuts and a drink! For this flight, I paid $340 for two people and two checked bags. I would have paid upwards of $600 for the same on Delta or United. It was also nice that flight attendants announced what baggage claim you can find your bags on before exiting the aircraft. That's a nice touch. My only complaint is that the A321 seats are rather hard and the tray tables are about 6 inches deep."
"Cincinnati to Denver on Frontier Airlines. There were several agents to assist with check in and they were friendly and efficient. The flight was on time, even arriving early. No problem with baggage. The plane was clean and the temperature onboard was comfortable. The seats do not recline which is a plus in some ways as I didn't have anyone coming back into my space. The seats could have been more comfortable but seats on most airlines are not very comfortable. Frontier does a nice job of offering a discount trip. Other than having to pay for drinks, there is little distinction between them and the other carriers."
"Before making our trip from Atlanta to Denver we had read horror stories about flying with Frontier Airlines, however, I wish to report that we were very pleased with Frontier. When you fly with Frontier you know up front what you are getting and what you are paying, so why complain about things that are saving you a great deal of money on your flight. I thought the seat comfort and room were comparable to other airlines. If you want more room, buy a set with more space. If you want a particular seat location, pay for it rather than complaining about your assigned seat. If you do not want to pay for snacks, bring your own, and they will give you water. If you do not want to pay for carry on luggage, purchase checked luggage. Our flights to and from Denver were on time or earlier. The only problem we had was in getting our checked bags at DIA. Things happen. We will use Frontier in the future, if the rate is better."
"Flight was good both from Houston to Orlando and from Orlando to Houston. Planes are clean, but seating was narrow and uncomfortable (what airline isn't now a days). Flight crew friendly and professional, but counter crew worst I have ever seen. Slow, rude, unprofessional. Saw a ticket agent make faces at a customer who waited 45 minutes to check in while she let late passenger by. He said he had been waiting, but she just got mad. Saw similar behavior with others."
"Denver to Santa Ana. I witnessed a Frontier Airlines employee assist a blind passenger this morning and I have to say it is rare to see such compassion and empathy these days. She went outbid her way to reassign a seat closer to the front even though the flight was full. I commend this employee on her present personality and willingness to go out of her way to take care of customers. Way to go Frontier!"
"Indianapolis to Orlando, and we arrived 2hrs early per their recommendation and had no issues boarding. The seats weren't the most comfortable but really weren't uncomfortable either. Staff was friendly and courteous and more importantly the flight was smooth. We flew through storms most the way there and still it wasn't bad. I will definitely fly with them again."
"Frontier Airlines was the smoothest flight I've been on. From the checkin at the kiosk, the flight and baggage claim. Everything was on time. I didn't have to wait more than five minutes for my bags. The flight was great, the price is unbeatable. To top it all off we flew right over the city skyline and turned right over lake Michigan, it was beautiful. Definitely flying Frontier again. The only down part was leg room, but there's even an option to upgrade of you want!"
"Frontier Airlines explains everything about extra charges for bags, seats etc. My family and I flew to Orlando this past week and could not have had a better experience. We got the tickets dirt cheap $152 and I did not choose seats and checked in 1 bag. Our family was seated together. Staff was helpful and welcoming. I just hate to see the negative reviews about how they charge for everything - they explain that to you when you book so it's your fault if you choose to ignore it. I paid for 1 bag round trip and the total price for 4 tickets was $202 which is $50.50 each. Best deal around by far. I have flown on Delta, US Air and other major airlines and I haven't had a perfect experience with them and 1 ticket cost more than all 4 of mine."
"I was a little hesitant to fly Frontier as I had read some of the reviews, and it seemed a lot of folks had issues with the airline. Let me just say, I'm glad I didn't pay much attention to those reviews. My flight from Houston to Denver was an absolute breeze. We took off early from Houston and got to Denver early, and we didn't have to wait to be deplaned. I highly recommend upgrading your flight to the \"works\" when making the reservation. I will definitely fly Frontier again."
"I was a bit hesitant to choose Frontier Airlines for my round trip from Cincinnati to Las Vegas, but I'm glad I made the choice to go with Frontier. Upon reading the fine print about baggage fees, I went on Frontier's site and purchased their classic plus option. For a little extra added on to the ticket, I was able to choose my seat, add checked/carry on luggage, and not pay anything at check in. They sent me an email with the details of the flight a day before with advisories on when to be there. The staff at both check in counters were efficient and friendly. Both flight crews were knowledgeable, and friendly. Here's my advice to all that are in it for a cheap flight, check on the airline's website for fees, and rules. The other airlines charge more because they add those fees in the ticket price already. You are going to pay one way, or the other."
"There are many horror stories about Frontier Airlines lately, given their recent carry-on baggage charges, new skinny seats, etc. I wanted a good fare for an overnight trip to DTW from the Washington area. The choices? Delta from DCA was over $500. United from IAD the same. Southwest from Baltimore around $300. So I went to the Frontier website, and due to a special sale, I paid a total of $48.00 return, including a charge to select my window seats. The A320 in both direction was clean. Boarding was fine. The seats are indeed thin, but for me the ergonomics worked great and plenty of lower back support. Of course, this is a 55 minute flight one-way, and I only had a backpack. But I would try Frontier again, no question."
"I purchased a ticket for my husband for his 60th birthday to fly from Cleveland, Ohio to Tampa, Fl to visit his brother. I was a bit nervous having purchased the ticket as a surprise and not knowing how things would go. However, I must say he was extremely impressed with how well things went. The flight to Tampa was on time and he said the staff was very friendly and helpful. The flight back was also enjoyable, both flights were on time and he felt the staff at both airports as well as the attendants on both flights were friendly. I would recommend."
"My first time flying on Frontier and knowing what I was going to encounter beforehand, I was impressed. Easy online check-in, quick boarding, and departure/arrival. Cabin crew were pleasant on both flights. The only thing thing that I did not like was that the \"Stretch Seating\" seats do not recline."
"The baggage fee was better then some (not Southwest because they are free) of the other airlines, $20 check in when you it when you make your reservations. Traveling from Las Vegas to Kentucky (CVG). Total price was $278 with flight, seats, baggage round trip. The staff were very polite. Yes I will fly again. Yes you have to pay for soda but if you really look at it, I fly Southwest all the time. Ticket price is around 398-472 round trip for me. I got airlines and car rental (10days) for 485."
"One way flight from Atlanta to New Orleans. Was very worried after booking and reading so many bad reviews. Flight was delayed almost 2 hours due to a storm but we were well informed with updates by staff in waiting area. When I got on board I was pleasantly surprised with the leather, or what appeared to be leather, seats and they were very comfortable. The flight staff were very attentive and the flight was smooth as glass. So I'm glad I had what seems to be one of the rare good flights. No problems except for the delay. Would have spent way more money driving down and didn't have that long drive. I'm satisfied!"
"I had a flight from Miami to Washington Dulles with Frontier. When I searched on google I was a little worried when I booked this flight since the price was only half compared to those of other airlines (even after adding the baggage fee). But nothing was wrong. Perfect flight. Take off and landing on time. Check-in fast. Baggage fast. I have nothing to complain. That they charge for the baggage and the food is quite normal in my opinion. The prices for those services are reasonable. If you accept the cheap airplane tickets they provide that is part of the additional costs one has to accept too. Anyway highly recommend!"
"I took Frontier from LAX to DEN to DWT. In all cases the flights were on time and on the way back even running about 5 min early. I had no issues checking in (checked in at a multi airline kiosk-not the solitary Frontier kiosks - at the airport). I booked online for one checked bag which cost me $40 round trip - no fee for carry on within the defined perimeters. My flight left lax at 8pm-I was in the drop bag line at 6pm when they opened and waited 5 min-no hassle. My flight left DWT at 6am-I was in line at 5am at the drop bag line again with a 5min wait and no hassles. The staff at the desks gate and on board attendants were helpful and friendly and answered my questions with no problems. On board I was in row 9-which didn't recline because I was right in front of the exit row. Everyone else's seats reclined but I didn't see this as a huge problem. I stick to water in flight mainly because any food or drink (other than water) causes swelling/ retention. I can tell you a regular 12 oz can of soda was $1.99 or they had combo deals-coffee and a breakfast snack was $4.99 and 2 drinks + 2 snacks was $8.99 (this was in the in-flight menu). I think it's fair they're charging al-a-carte to keep the fares low which I appreciate. There were TV's for every seat and the cost for more than a 2 hour flight was $5.99 for a decent variety of channels. Overall I had a good flight both ways and would recommend Frontier based on this experience."
"I've been flying Frontier between Dulles and Orlando on a regular basis (once or twice a month) since they started the service last summer. They are having scheduling issues flights are late 70-80% of the time. They charge for everything since I have no luggage only a computer bag that's ok. I reserve a seat since I don't want a middle one and that recently went from $3 to $8. All this is ok for a two hour flight (beats driving) except that the plane I have been flying on lately has the thinnest most uncomfortable seats I've ever sat on in an airplane. Not sure if this is an exception or this is the new normal? Overall they're ok and the flight delays are becoming shorter and less frequent."
"My family and I flew round-trip from Cleveland to Orlando and I am happy to report that we had great experiences on both flights. All Frontier airport staff/flight attendants were very friendly. Neither flight was delayed at all in fact we reached our destination ahead of schedule both times. I will say that we were annoyed by the extra charges for choosing seats (which I did because one of my companions is a very nervous flyer and I didn't want her to be alone) and carry-on bags (which again we did - checking bags is the cheaper option but I prefer the ease of carry-on luggage whenever possible) however getting to/from our destination safely and efficiently is top priority. I would certainly recommend Frontier to others but just make sure you look into all the charges before you book so you know what's coming."
"Flew at the end of April 2015 from CVG-LAS round-trip. First experience on Frontier. I had researched pretty well so I knew all about the extra fees. I paid in advance for a checked bag and an upgraded stretch seat. Seat was very average at best but on a long flight the leg space was worth it. It was my first time checking a bag in years as I couldn't justify spending more to carry my bag on. A bit of a hassle but probably would not stop me from flying them again. Flights were on time and went off without complication. They really hustle to turn the planes around quickly. That also means that they don't get cleaned very well as this is the flight crews job. Floor of the plane was filthy and general upkeep was neglected. Definitely no frills but they did get me and my luggage from point A to point B safely and on time."
"Denver to Dallas 4/22 flight 124 and from Houston to Denver 4/26 flight 247. I fly Frontier all of the time out of Denver and have never had any issues at all. One of the few carriers to have TVs on every flight. I have never been delayed. It blows my mind that there are so any bad reviews. You just bought an airline ticket for 100's under other carriers and you don't expect to be charged other places? It's not even that terrible of up charges. Yes to pick your seat if you want to and to check or carryon a bag but you still are 100's under other carriers prices. Go into knowing there will be fees it's nowhere near as bad as spirits fees and the prices are cheaper. The planes are nicer and the pilots are top notch."
"Flight F9 1256 4/15/15. I was worried about my flight today after reading all of the negative reviews but I must say that I was pleasantly shocked! This was probably one of the best flights I've experienced flying out of O'Hare airport or other airports for that matter. Our flight even departed a little earlier than planned. It was a pretty early flight so I did sleep the entire way which was very uncomfortable because the seats have little cushion and do not recline. Since I slept throughout my flight it didn't matter to me that there wasn't any entertainment or wifi. Also I like that the cheaper option is to check a bag in. I decided to pay more for a carry on and the process to board and off board is so much faster since many elect the cheaper option to check their bags but also there was plenty room available in the overhead compartments. For the price I paid for the ticket and because I am an anxious flyer pilot skill is more important than the seating or entertainment. The fact that I was able to sleep on a flight which is very rare is important to me. I think Fronteir is exactly what it markets itself as an economy Airbus. Expect to get from point A to point B nothing more. Plan on bringing a pillow and a book to make the flight more comfortable."
"March 15 flight #1127. March 20 flight #1126. I booked flights with Frontier Airlines before knowing anything about the airline. My husband researched them and had us very nervous about flying with them due to reports of cancelled and late flights. I called customer service and they were very helpful and courteous. After talking with them I felt comfortable with the reservations. The flight out of Dulles was 30 minutes late but we still arrived in Las Vegas 15 minutes early. On the return flight we left 15 minutes late and arrived at Dulles 45 minutes early. I have no complaints at all."
"I bought my tickets before reading the reviews and when I started to read the reviews I started to regret buying the cheap tickets but it was too late. I flew from Orlando back to Chicago and I have to really say that I'm glad I bought the tickets before reading the reviews or I wouldn't have bought them. High points of the flight? They have a TV and the seats were actually comfortable. I'm a plus size girl and I fit and my legs didn't feel cramped at all. So for those of you who had a bad experience try it again maybe it was a bad day for everyone that day. But do bring your own snacks and drink because the prices are ridiculous onboard."
"This was my first trip with Frontier. We flew from Cleveland to Las Vegas return. I opted for the stretch seats. The flight was delayed slightly on the outbound leg but this was communicated to us before we arrived at the airport. It was really not a problem. The ground staff were friendly and efficient. The cabin crew were pleasant and professional. The stretch seats were worth every cent of the small supplement payable ($25 per person per leg of the flight). The aircraft was a modern Airbus A320 which was clean and comfortable. The return leg was exactly like the outbound. I will not be giving five stars however. Upon arrival at Cleveland 5.45 am we were directed to a piece of taxiway until a stand could be found for us. The delay amounted to 45 minutes. That is unacceptable at that time of the morning and Frontier and Hopkins need to address it. I will have no hesitation in recommending the airline with that caveat."
"Came back from Chicago on Monday Dec 29. Was a great flight arrived into Orlando 10 minutes early the crew were friendly. Would take Frontier again."
"Flew round trip from Trenton to Raleigh for $89. The flight was on time and coming home I was actually late to my plane and they waited an extra couple minutes to allow me to board. Would definitely use them again. Prices are unbeatable. Complaints are from those expecting a commercial airline. This is a discount airline and you get what you pay for. Our family uses Frontier for business as well and have never had an issue."
"Trip from Atlanta to Denver. No issues in Atlanta crew was very nice. In Denver the desk staff were borderline rude and wouldn't acknowledge you unless you use the kiosk to print the boarding pass but no one was willing to explain how to use the kiosk. Then had to reprint the boarding pass at the kiosk for unexplained reasons. I want to deal with people not computers. Desk staff was rude in Denver but flight crew was refreshing. Flight from Atlanta was actually early and return flight was on time."
"I honestly can't complain. We paid for seats that didn't have much legroom. Because they were only $3. I would say we got what we paid for. Nothing was complimentary other than the water. The flight attendants were nice and we got from LAX to Denver right on time. We paid for carry on. We followed the instructions on measurements and weight of our luggage. We had no problems whatsoever."
"Flew Frontier Denver to Seattle - Oct 7 - Oct 22. Both flights were great! Love online check in - member of Rewards Club so $15 bag. I think the problems that others may experience are back east more than the original Frontier areas. Has some very decent employees. Enjoyed the flights and will travel with them again."
"Three of us travelled round trip on Frontier between Washington Dulles and Fort Myers Florida. Our experience was excellent. Frontier was not only $100 cheaper per ticket than any other airline flying the same route but it was also the only airline offering direct service. We opted not to reserve seats to save money yet when we checked in Frontier assigned us seats together. Usually when traveling each of us would have brought a separate carry on bags but because Frontier charges for carry on as well as checked bags we opted to share a large checked bag for the same cost as a single carryon. Boarding was orderly the plane clean the crew pleasant and the flight was on time. We definitely will use Frontier again."
"My Frontier flight was scheduled about 3 hours after a long intercontinental flight to Denver supposed landing and I was really scared after reading all bad reviews. However the experience was very nice. We did not do online check-in but it took literally 1 minute to check-in on the counter. When making a reservation I paid for carry- on items instead of check-in. When I found that out I called and wrote to customer service and they told I'll be able to check my item in and so it was. The staff were helpful the flight departed and landed without delays. When we landed one of the bags was damaged (whichI think is not airline responsibility). We went to Frontier representatives in Bozeman airport (it was around 11 pm)and they just brought us a new bag. You have to pay for carry-on and check-in baggage and drinks but the ticket price is still good."
"Like some of the folks here I questioned my sanity for booking Frontier after reading the reviews! But it was the only non-stop to Denver from Reagan National. I was pleasantly surprised OK so my standards are not that high but was more then comparable to US Airways I normally fly to Florida. As another reviewer said read the rules. There was a woman on the Denver to DC was arguing about the size of her carry-on at least this airline sticks to their guns about the size allowed."
"We flew Frontier from Tampa to Denver and back again on 9-17 to 9-26. I had read reviews thought I was insane while booking and decided to get familiar with the rules and regulations posted on their website. We used the check in baggage after signing up with early rewards and it cost us $15.00 each way per checked in luggage. Had no problem toting a decent sized bag on board as our \"personal\" item. Seating was $3.00 each way - still not a lot to pay to have a seat on board together. Thought the flight crew was rather bland on the flight to Denver our return trip was the complete opposite. I totally enjoyed all the jokes both by the pilot as well as the rest of the crew! Very relaxing flight. That being said I would definitely without a doubt let Frontier take me where I need to go in the future."
"I recently flew from Dulles to Atlanta and back and for the most part it was a pleasant experience. I have flown AirTran more often than another airline and Frontier is comparable. I bought my tickets directly from Frontier about 4 months in advance. I paid $20 for a carry on $15 for an exit-row seat and $3 to choose my seat at time of purchase (twice coming and going) and my total round-trip fare with fees was $198 so if I had not paid the extra fees it would have been $122. In reading the reviews here I see that many people buy their tickets from third party sites (Orbitz etc.) and are surprised by the \"hidden fees\" when they reach the gate. I really think that they have only themselves to blame. First every time you fly you should check the airline's website for their policies; the fees are very clear on Frontier's site. I think even the third-party sites tell you to check the airline's site. I don't have a whole lot of sympathy for people who make assumptions and then become indignant when their assumptions don't match reality. I also read below that the flight attendants wouldn't help lift luggage because of \"policy.\" On both my flights the staff were very helpful with luggage so clearly it's either not a policy or one that not all attendants heed. The only minor complaint I have about Frontier was that both flights were late to take off by about 20-30 min. There seemed to be no particular reason for the delay. I didn't have a connecting flight so I didn't care but it might be useful info."
"My daughter needed a ticket from Dallas TX to Minot ND. There are only 4 airlines that go to Minot. When we started looking at prices Frontier offered the one-way flight for a total of $174 which included a lay-over in Denver CO. Regarding the \"nickel and dime\" tactics - I actually appreciate them! It provides the option of taking the services for an additional cost or leaving them and saving some cash. The day before the flight we checked in online. During this check-in process I added a checked bag for $15. The option was there to select a seat for $3-$25 but we opted out of the choosing. We printed the receipt for the bag the boarding passes and a receipt. The flight was scheduled to deport at 2.15pm so we arrived at DFW at 11.30 to make sure we had time should any issue arise. When we walked up to the ticket counters a Frontier service agent was standing by the kiosks to provide assistance. Since I had printed my boarding passes she directed me to a counter clerk who was checking bags of passengers who did not need to check-in at the counter. The checked bag weighed 50.5 lbs. They checked the bag. I asked about my daughters purse/bag to make sure we would not have a problem with it being too large to count as the free personal bag. She assured me it was fine. Both agents were friendly. This entire process so far had taken 5 minutes. The plane arrived to the gate boarded and took off on time from DFW to Denver. I asked my daughter about the seats and such and she said it was the same as most other flights she has been one. She did take her iPad with movies on it and watched that during the flight. Landed in Denver on time. The Denver to Minot flight arrived boarded and departed on time. She had a smooth flight the flight was relatively uneventful and arrived in Minot 5 minutes early. After getting off of the plane it took her about 20 minutes to get her luggage and she was on her way out of the airport! Overall a budget airline with great prices."
"Thunderstorms in Denver are common and although they cause delays the delays are typically limited to 45-60 mins. We flew from Milwaukee to Denver to Santa Ana and back the same way. Our flights were all on time and even arrived a little early each destination. All of the staff were very friendly from the people at the check-in counter the flight crew and even pilots. The check-in counter people were very accommodating to our family with two small children. My husband is a veteran and with his military ID they gave us free checked bags and also even upgraded one of our flights to stretch seating! This was a very appreciated surprise! This was definitely an excellent experience flying with Frontier."
"Excellent service. I flew to Nashville from Montana round trip I have no complaints that's over 4 thousand miles with frontier. We had a delay in Denver but that will happen with all the top notch planes as well."
"Flew in and out of Trenton from St. Augustine. A little nervous after reading review however our experience was great. I didn't go in with high expectations and was very pleased with the outcome. First we flew Classic Plus which allowed more leg room (my son is 6'3\" and needs extra space). This allowed us to check a bag each and have carry on for free (in addition to the allowed personal item). The seats were roomy and comfy. The staff at each airport was friendly (we arrived 1.5 hours before the flight with boarding passes printed at home as instructed). Had read horrible reviews of Trenton but found it very nice though small. Restrooms available at the gate a nice little eatery upstairs (before security). If you plan well and read the fine print you should have no complaints. It was 100 times better than my latest flight on United to Newark last month."
"I've flown 8 times with Frontier airlines and I couldn't be happier with their service. The flights were laid back and quiet. Once I even lost my boarding pass after I went through the security checkpoint. The lady at the terminal was very nice understanding and knowledgeable. After verifying my identity with a few clicks at a computer she printed me out another pass and I was able to catch my flight without a problem. They've never lost any of my luggage either. The inflight crew were always very nice and quick to respond to questions and concerns. The only down-side I could find is that you can only buy in-flight refreshment with a credit card - no cash."
"I had no problems with my flights (PDX-CVG via Denver) either with Frontier's service personnel or my expectations. It strikes me that most of the people posting really bad reviews didn't read the information Frontier provides when purchasing a ticket. Frontier is exactly what it says it is basically an al a carte airline. My flights were on time the staff was professional and courteous. Check in online and print your boarding passes at home and you'll have no problems at the gate."
"I've flown Frontier numerous times and never had a problem except once my luggage was on a later flight. Minor inconvenience and it was returned to me at 2am the next morning. It happens with any airline. The staff have always been friendly and attentive. I guess there's always a first time but I still plan to fly with Frontier."
"I can only speak to our experience on Frontier and it was good. Flew from Cincinnati to Punta Cana DR on a chartered vacation flight in July 2014. Non -stop. 1 free checked back carry on and soda. Food was extra. Both round trip flights started boarding early left on time and arrived a few minutes early. I would fly Frontier again if the price was right and departure times made sense."
"July 11 2014 I travelled to Portland Oregon from Des Moines Iowa via Denver on Frontier Airlines flights 155 and 799. The ground personnel at the Des Moines and Denver Airports were extremely helpful and personable. The air personnel (both flight attendants and flight crew) were courteous and attentive. As for the newly revised baggage policies of Frontier I understand and accept them. Frontier Airlines is no different than legacy airlines. They are here to provide good and comfortable air service to their passengers. But they are also here to make a profit. Again hats off to Frontier for providing courteous friendly and helpful service."
"Flight 527 Cleveland to Denver and 745 Denver to Phoenix. Return flight 1112 Phoenix to Cleveland. July 7- 15. My family of 7 just flew to Pheonix from Cleveland and back and I have to say I was very pleased in fact impressed with how smooth things went. I had read several reviews about Frontier and I have to abmit I was nervous about flying with them. We have flown on several airlines and I must say I will be flying Frontier in the future the associates were very helpful and the aircraft were very clean."
"TTN (Trenton-Mercer airport) NJ - CLE (Cleveland-Hopkins) OH. The customer service couldn't have been nicer. They were very nice on the plane. Sure they charge you for a carry on bag and beverage but what do you expect for an incredibly cheap fare. For the most part they were on time it was a bit delayed in Trenton because of minor issues going forward. This is essentially the \"T-Mobile\" of airlines. You pay for what you want how do you expect they make those fares so low. Great Airline gets you where you want to go recommend to anybody who is on a budget."
"Pretty good for a low-cost airline. I know they recently changed their policy on carry-on luggage where I believe you have to pay to have a carry-on bag using storage above. My last trip with them was in January of 2014. They were on time friendly bathrooms were clean and the flight was comfortable. In September of 2013 I flew from KC to PDX with a stop in Denver. On the way back to KC we did miss our connecting flight by about 5 minutes. They hadn't taken off yet but they wouldn't let us on because they were to leave the dock in just a few minutes. While it was a bit annoying they got us on the next flight to KC which left about 90 minutes later and I understand why they couldn't let us on that original connecting flight. Of course we didn't have to pay anything extra for the next connecting flight. With the changes in carry-on costs I'm not sure I will fly with them again because it all really depends on where I can get the best deal but if they are still the cheapest I have no qualms with flying Frontier again."
"ILG-MDW 6/1/14 Flight 383. I disagree that the fares are higher once you add in the extras. Who do you think is paying for your extra luggage and soft drinks? You are! Everything is figured into the price and when compared to Southwest I know I saved quite a bit on my recent purchase. The service was timely and professional as well. I give Frontier credit for trying to carve a niche and I predict they will be quite successful as people get educated with regards to what they are doing. Also when fewer people are hauling on oversized luggage and trying to stuff it in the overheads it makes for a smoother and quicker loading and departure from the gate. Ultra low cost carriers like Frontier typically charge $5 extra to carry on a bag versus checking it which effectively eliminates the luggage hoarders trying to board planes with too much luggage which most would admit makes for a slow maddening boarding process. Also if you check/carry 100 lbs. of luggage on other carriers who offer free checked bags and carry-ons who do you think is paying for the extra fuel it takes to transport that? That's right it's you again! It's all built into the ticket price. Again I'd rather pay for what I want and for what I use. I was happy to pay a bit extra for leg room but not for everyone else's extra baggage. I'd rather bring my own bottled water than pay for all the soda and peanuts that everyone else drinks. I'm happy with the experience and will be trying this more often. On very short trips I can make due with a personal sized item and not even have to pay any luggage fees whatsoever! It's a win-win once we all better understand the concept."
"Cincinnati OH (CVG) - Denver CO (DEN) Jun 10 2014 F9 0735. Denver CO (DEN) - Cincinnati OH (CVG) Jun 11 2014 F9073. My first around trip flight on Frontier I was sceptical. From the moment I entered the Frontier gate area CVG to Denver flight onboard during the flight and the landing all aspects of the experience was professional. The aircraft's were clean flight crew were making every effort to accommodate the passengers. My return flight was also the same. I would utilize Frontier for my flight service and recommend to others. My one complaint was the long wait for phone service the wait was 20-25 minutes. I feel that's far too long."
"Achieved what they offered. TTN-RSW. First flight out. On time boarding departure and landing (a few minutes early). Crowded plane and they checked the size of my personal item 2x. I had to take out a few items (stuffed in my pocket to make it fit) but overall uneventful journey. I can't speak for service as I slept the entire flight and deboarding was uneventful. I faintly remember the offer for water. Seat pitch normal - I didn't pre-assign seat so was in 2nd to last row but had an empty seat next to me. I'm aware Frontier gets a bad-rap due to its fees but if you know what you are getting into I don't see the issue as it is still cheaper vs flying/parking at PHL or EWR for same route."
"After a revolting experience on a Frontier Flight from MCO to DEN we bit the bullet and flew DEN to SLC May 21 (noon). What a difference! Wonderful stewards on board friendly helpful welcoming. Still cannot believe how rude people are when told that their huge bag cannot fit in the overhead just check the damn thing! Saves a few dollars boarding time too but it is funny to watch people unpacking their overhead bag and trying to put all items in their large \"handbag\" then try to hide their now just as big handbag."
"I've flown from Harrisburg PA to Orlando FL and back a few times in the past year. Most of the time it was a good experience. One flight which I booked way in advance in the snow season had more than 3 hour delay and I would have missed my appointment so there was no longer a need to fly. I got a refund for which I was thankful. One flight had comedian flight attendants giving the on board preflight information (buckle up etc) that were actually funny. All flights were nonstop from PA to FL which was so nice. The rates were great for an average wage earner like me which was my main reason for choosing Frontier. Now I'm booking 3 tickets for my family and my total bill will be less than I would pay for one ticket with the other major airline flying out of MDT."
"I have flown this airline many times. I saw all the bad reviews and thought while everyone vents when they are frustrated very few take the time to praise when they are satisfied. So here is a satisfied customer. My one wish would be service to Boston or Manchester."
"I don't understand the negative reviews. Seating was good. Comfortable seats didn't feel crowded. Entertainment for $4 you get to watch Direct TV. It is free until the flight takes off. If you are really concerned about $4 then I don't know what to say. There were about 30 channels available."
"After reading all of the negative comments on this site I wanted to give some positive information. Most people only write a review when they are unhappy and don't take the time when it is a good experience. We flew from Milwaukee to Denver and then Las Vegas. Everything went very smoothly. All flights were on time. If you don't take time to read all of the rules then be prepared for being unhappy. I checked out everything beforehand and didn't have any surprises. The nice thing about the carry on bag requirement is that it eliminates people from bringing hugs bags on and trying to stuff them in the overhead bins. By limiting this and have the airline actually follow the rules they have makes for everyone getting on the plane and seated so much faster."
"Flew PHX-DEN on 3/27 for $90 a person during spring break. Flight was on time boarding quick and organized except for the carry on bag size check which was very unorganized at boarding. Flight attendants gave out water for free and on a 1.5 hr flight food and drink purchases weren't needed. Checked bag was out before we even got to the baggage claim belt. All in all a very positive experience and highly recommend Frontier."
"Denver-Orlando and return: March 18-24 (FFT678/FFT681). If you know what you are getting into with this airline it's not half bad. I researched and knew Frontier charges for carry-ons if you don't meet the requirements or book a fare on their website so I made sure to bring a proper sized bag and got on no problem. I do the same thing when I fly Spirit. The customer service wasn't very good in Denver but once on the plane the flight attendants were very nice and helpful especially when my TV broke and the customer service in Orlando was noticeably better. The flight on the way out was delayed due to snow and wind but I can't fault Frontier. Overall an enjoyable experience and considering they have TV (yes they charge but so do most others) I did my research and they were nearly $200 cheaper than the nearest non-stop competitor I would certainly would continue flying them again."
"March 3 2014  Flight F9 395 ILGDEN. March 5 2014  Flight F9 396 DENILG. Thank you Frontier for my recent ILGDEN flight coincidently on the Alberta Clipper and Polar Bear tail ID. The New Castle (Wilmington DE) Airport was pretty much the only game in town during the March 3 snowstorm. Nearby Philadelphia Airport was all but closed. This was true for earlier snowstorms too. Our flight was delayed about an hour due to de-icing issues not the airlines fault. This little airport has all the charm of a Soviet-era military installation but Ill gladly forego shopping mall ambience for short lines free parking easy access and cheap flights. I carried-on so can't comment on baggage. Service was comparable to other low-cost domestic carriers. Return DEN-ILG was delayed about 20 minutes. Their Mediterranean Sky Snacks Box was purchased for $7 and it was ample tasty and good value for money."
"My husband lives in Chicago and I live in the Northeast. One of us flies every two weeks. We use Frontier on a regular basis and while I think they can improve on the carry on bag size checking process other than that we've both been more than impressed with the low fares and clean safe planes. The flight crew are funny and make the trip seem quick."
"2013 Christmas Vacation from Atlanta Georgia to Trenton New Jersey. I found a ticket within my budget and booking the ticket was easy. Boarding was done quickly and very organized. The stewardesses were kind and very helpful to passengers. The only difficulty I experienced was with the ticket checker upon boarding in Atlanta after I learned that my bag wasn't within standard regulations to be a carry on. This one young lady was very rude and short with me. She took no time at all to explain to me the steps that I needed to take to secure my bag from the gate. Her only reply was \"You're not getting on this plane.\" I was quite taken back by her rudeness. However as quickly as she had insulted me another young lady at the desk came to my rescue and she was very helpful and polite. I was able to check my bag and board my flight without further incident. The plane was clean and the flight was quiet and friendly."
"Traveled from Trenton NJ to Fort Myers week before Thanksgiving. It was one of the most pleasant flights I've had in a long time. They have a small terminal in Trenton not like dealing with Newark. Check-in staff were nice and security was quick. They have a tiny store in the small waiting area to buy snacks/drinks. Plane was about 30 minutes late but once it got there they had us boarded and doors closed in about 15 minutes. They boarded from the middle to front and middle to back - common sense! Flight crew very pleasant. I didn't like the idea you could only purchase drinks or snacks or TV with a credit or debit card no cash. The plane was very clean restrooms spotless flight quiet and comfortable. In Fort Myers I went to the first baggage claim to find my luggage already on the rack. I spent less than five minutes in Fort Myers airport! Return flight was on time and flight crew was also fun. Boarding was organized: first 4 rows then those who had carry-ons that would fit under the seat. I got on then and everyone with bags for overhead got on quickly with much less stress than the Continental flight I took in May. Return flight the same as the first quiet and on time. I had to pay $25 for my luggage each way but not for carry-on. For me this was a great value: $178 round trip and $50 total for baggage. From the comments above some encounter problems with Frontier but it seems to be mostly on connecting flights. I will definitely give Frontier another try as my experience this time was very good!"
"I read other messages on this board and arrived at Denver Airport fearing the worst. At it happened my experience was entirely opposite. My wife and I fly had booked on Frontier understanding that like other low cost airlines (e.g. Air NZ) you get what you pay for. We had never flown Frontier before. We are Americans but have lived overseas (mostly Australia) for several decades and have been consistently amazed when flying in the USA at the huge suitcases that are show-horned into overhead luggage areas supposedly as carry on. Carry on for us elsewhere is an enforced max 7kg (15 lb) and much smaller in size than the Frontier allowance though admittedly at no cost. We had prompt service from a polite and friendly service team who went out of their way to find for us a luggage option that minimised cost and maximised our enjoyment."
"Frontier airlines was the 2nd part of our journey to our vacation in Seattle to be honest our first flight was with AA and that was horrible. The crew on AA nothing memorable but Frontier staff were so pleasant. I made sure when booking our flights that the connecting flights were at least 2hrs apart the service on Frontier was great and I will definitely fly with them again but this time we'll upgrade to more leg room. My Husband and I were quite happy and will use this airline again whenever we can."
"Our flight ILG-MDW was wonderful. Wilmington airport was a breeze flight was pleasant arrived 30 minutes early. We upgraded to STRETCH seating which was very comfortable. Flight crew was extremely friendly and personable. I look forward to flying them in the future."
"Orlando to Trenton on 8/28 and return 9/3/13. I had one of the best flights I've had! I was bothered about the reviews I read prior to my flight and I can testify that my Frontier flight was flawless. It on time crew and staff couldn't have been more professional and courteous. I look forward to flying into Trenton NJ again."
"I have to say my round trip went without a hitch. Both my departure and return flight were on time with no mechanical problems. The staff were cordial and my seat was the same as any other airline as far as comfort. Yes they do charge for drinks and snacks so if that bothers you buy your own in the airport (it is the same price anyway). I flew from Delaware to Houston and it cost 110 dollars. All other airlines that had direct flights were asking between 350-400 dollars. For that price difference I am willing to shell out 5 dollars for a snack and something to drink. Maybe I had beginners luck but I did save quite a bit of money."
"SEA-DEN-ILG (Wilmington DE) one way. A pleasant enough way to travel. Had exit row seats on both legs at $20 per segment on an economy fare this is a steal and well worth it. Yes you do have to pay for drinks but they will give you a cup of water for free if you ask. Why not just charge an extra $2/ticket and give everyone a free drink and a small snack? Flight from DEN delayed 35 minutes due to waiting on a crew member to deadhead. Carry on bag policy enforced at DEN with all bags sized but not SEA - if an airline wants to be strict they should do it at every airport. Some people were bringing bags on the Seattle flight that were clearly over-sized. Wilmington New Castle airport is a great alternative to chaotic PHL but has little to no room for expansion and is crowded with just one flight on the ground."
"My son and I flew from ANC to SFO (and return) via DEN. Satisfied by all flights and crew. However I did notice some changes since my last flight(s) one being the new charges for carryons. The folks at SFO began to implement this new policy and it caused quite a bit of confusion for the passengers and some noted unhappiness at having to pay. Some folks were not pleased with having to have their stuff \"sized up\" prior to boarding. The new policy of charging for all drinks was not too popular as well. I spoke with a couple of crew members from the various flights we were on and a basic theme appeared \"we seem to be heading towards becoming Spirit\". Crew members were not too thrilled. I was using my miles on this trip and my last one with my daughter recently. I have been both an Ascent and Summit member for years and have been very pleased with Frontier. I am however somewhat scared about their becoming a bottom feeder. I know change is always around the corner with airlines but the nickel and dimes they are going after is not right in my way of thinking. Keep it up and I will be traveling on Alaska Air year round."
"Daughter and I flew down to SLC from ANC changing planes in DEN. No problems going or returning with the small exception of a somewhat rude/uncaring employee at check-in at SLC. The service was fine the planes clean and the flight crews were caring and professional. The crew on the return to ANC was the best I have ever had on any airline professional and funny. I have them on the flight tonight returning to DEN as my son and I fly to SFO. I expect the flight will be a good one!"
"I once again had a great experience flying Frontier-ANC to SLC via DEN. The planes were clean the service was excellent and always on time. We actually landed in ANC 30 minutes early on the return. I have yet to have a less than positive flight ever with them. I have been flying them since they arrived in ANC many years ago. Good choice overall."
"Flight 929 from Trenton to Detroit yesterday. After hearing a number of bad comments I had very low expectations. They gave me an option of a food box which I liked. Had a small TV in front of my seat. Flight attendants were funny and very nice. Seats were comfortable."
"I flew from Columbus Ohio to Trenton New Jersey a few weeks ago and had a good experience. I was worried because of the unfavourable reviews but I was pleasantly surprised with the experience. Frontier is your typical \"no-frills\" airline. You do have to pay for a snack but for the price I paid for the flight I wasn't complaining about that. The position of the seats was a tad uncomfortable however my flight was short so it wasn't too much of a problem for me. The staff and flight attendants were helpful and friendly and there were no delays on either flight. In fact the return flight arrived early. In my opinion Frontier is a good value and I would fly with them again."
"DCA to Jackson Hole Wyoming. Flights to Denver and one to Jackson Hole were on time. New clean Airbus 319s. Friendly and helpful crew. Return flight from Jackson Hole left about 40 minutes late due to weather but they held connecting flight in Denver and arrival in DCA only 10 minutes late. Excellent experience."
"The planes were clean and the staff very nice. What I didn't like was they push for you to sign up for a Frontier Airlines Mastercard. They should be pushing you to get one of their cards in the Concourse / Gate Area that seems more comfortable to me than having the Flight Attendants doing it. The live TV service has gone up in price didn't like that - they should have left the price alone."
"TTN-TPA round-trip. Booked 1 week in advance and paid under $200 round-trip whereas US Airways and Southwest's fares were twice as much. Overall good value for money. In addition to the savings on airfare I was able to park for free at the Trenton airport. Since the flights were full we were given the opportunity to gate check our carry-ons and pick them up at baggage claim. This came in handy flying from TTN to TPA since I wouldn't have to carry my garment bag through the Tampa airport. But I would advise don't gate check carry-ons when flying into a small airport like Trenton. I had to wait in a cramped baggage claim for probably 30 minutes for my bag no thanks to the ground crew taking their sweet time. As much as I don't like the Philadelphia airport at least bags are going around the carousel by the time I get to baggage claim. Also although Frontier has DirecTV on the seat backs if you get the lowest fare you have to pay extra for it. And if you're thinking about purchasing snacks you better have a credit or debit card because they don't accept cash."
"We were pleased with our flight from Chicago to Denver and Denver to Las Vegas. I wish they had told us ahead of time that the seats in front of the emergency door don't recline. Our son has to have a reclining seat and we were not told about this prior to purchasing our tickets."
"Trenton to Orlando. I flew with my husband and my 2 young boys. Check in took a little while because there was only 2 girls at the counter. Security check did not take long but was thorough. The plane was on the smaller side but not any smaller than Spirit Airlines planes. The seats are a little smaller than your Continental airline seats. If you are a larger person and don't like tight spaces don't fly Frontier or Spirit airlines. Flight out was on time some turbulence mostly smooth. Flight back was about an hour behind but made up some time in the air. The attendants were nice. Cleanliness as average. I found some trash in the pocket seat in front of me. We had no problems with Frontier."
"We traveled recently on a trip that was American Airlines to our destination but Frontier on our return. I have no complaints about the flight itself. We were delayed due to necessary de-icing but the captain and flight attendants kept us informed and we were grateful to arrive at our final destination only a couple hours late. My only complaint would be that they don't know how to seat people we were in a group of 4 (2 couples) and they seated us all over the plane in middle seats between people who were traveling alone. We weren't allowed to pick our seats or change them so that even couples could sit together. I just feel that if you book your trip early enough as we did there should be no excuse for such a terrible job of seating us."
"All flights departed on time and either landed early or on time. The second flight DEN to IND was the best of all - one flight attendant knew my son loved the Frontier animals so he looked for some cards with the animals listed. He gave the whole family free headphones to watch TV for the rest of the flight. If the need arises to travel to DEN again I will definitely choose Frontier Airlines."
"My daughter and I flew from Newport News to Denver and on to LAX on Jan 25 2013. Although both flights were enjoyable the first leg was particularly well managed by the flight crew. One of the passengers a lady with a small child 15 months old was doing an admirable job of keeping the little girl happy. On a 4.5 hour flight this is a nearly impossible task. After serving drinks an FA spent a good deal of time occupying the little ones time. As a parent myself and remembering what traveling with little ones could be like I am sure the mother of this child was very appreciative."
"December 2012 round trip between Madison WI and Washington DC. The planes were up-to-date and the seats very comfortable. The service was superb at check-in gate and through the flight. Crew were organized and friendly. A nice touch was the raising of the cabin lights during beverage service. Many food items were available for sale. We didn't buy any but liked that there were options. Flights were comfortable and calm."
"We flew to Puna Canta. Attendants were friendly and attentive we were celebrating our 50th anniversary and enjoyed the trip there and back. Impressed with the cleanliness of the bathrooms and the room in them. Hope to fly them again."
"Booked one way GSO-MCO Nov 26th. Few minutes late leaving and arriving but no problem. Cabin staff friendly and competent. Plane clean and IFE working. Thanks Frontier for bringing low cost full size plane service to GSO."
"Denver to Dayton to visit family in Ohio. Have flown Frontier many times before staff have always been courteous and apart from when I've flown home in the winter the flights have been on time. I have a direct flight so don't know about connecting flights."
"Overall I was very satisfied. Online booking was smooth I had no problems boarding and the flight left and arrived on time in Denver. I flew from Salt Lake to Little Rock to visit family and I might have to push my return date out so I am curious as to how smooth that will go. The drinks on flight were a small cup with ice the food was expensive and so were alcoholic drinks so I refrained from those. I would recommend this flight and would also add that more leg room would be nice."
"Portland-Denver-Jackson Hole in A320/A319. Smooth online booking online check-in and bag drop Flights on time and the service efficient. Seats in the cheapest part of the plane offered as much legroom as premium airlines' Economy. A non-alcoholic drink was served on each leg (no free snack). The hub at Denver was quite crowded and busy. Luggage took a long time to be unloaded at Jackson Hole. Overall a good experience."
"All in all pretty good experience. Flights were on time check in was smooth as were the flights. Flight attendants were great. The only cons were the planes were small and cramped especially on the Denver to Spokane leg. We paid extra for Classic Plus and felt like our knees were under our chins undoubtedly due to the aircraft type and the fact that three seats were squeezed into an area probably meant for two. We were shoulder to shoulder in the three row seating and both of us are small and thin. I imagine it would be even more miserable for people who are normal sized or a little overweight. It wasn't as bad on our return flight but it wasn't full and we had an empty seat in our row. The saving grace for Frontier at least as far as we were concerned was the courtesy of the staff at the airports and the personable flight attendants."
"Flight: In last month. Just returned last night to Anchorage. I used my Early Returns miles and took my family to ATL via DEN. All aspects of our trip were great on Frontier. We did takeoff 40 minutes late from DEN on our return but somehow managed to arrive 20 min's early into Anchorage. The planes were fine the service excellent and staff attitudes were quite positive. No problems and no complaints! I will fly them again soon!"
"Flew from La Guardia to Denver. Flight took off 40 minutes late but otherwise a pretty pleasant experience. Newish Airbus with comfortable leather seats decent legroom and direct TV screens in seatbacks. Crew was OK but unremarkable. I'd fly them again and consider them one of the better options in my market."
"Flew round trip from Minneapolis to Las Vegas via Denver. Staff very friendly and the overall experience was fantastic. I recommend upgrading to Classic Plus - it is well worth the extra money!"
"Flew roundtrip from Denver to San Diego return to Denver. Staff were friendly helping us with checking baggage. Boarding was easy boarded early due to no carry on bags. Flight staff friendly and efficient trying to get everyone's carry on bags stored. Seats were comfortable and had plenty of room. The TV was good had to pay for it but it was affordable. All of our bags made it to our destination. The return trip to Denver was just as pleasant the plane not very full so attendants let us change seats."
