"x"
"Verified Review | Flew Kauai to Los Angeles. I wish I could say Hawaiian was any different from any US-based airline. Customer service is pretty mediocre, bordering on rude at times. Our flight did not include individual TV screens, only shared TV screens that showed things like a Hawaii city council meeting and public access type television programming. The food was inedible - lukewarm breakfast sandwiches with fruit that tasted old. The airline staff were very curt with us. At one point we asked about early boarding because we had a child with us, and the desk agent snapped that it wasn't our turn yet. Okay, that's why we were asking. We had to check in our stroller at the gate and when we arrived at Lihue, it took us 20 minutes to find an airline staff who could tell us where the stroller was. We were told they'd bring it to us, then it turned out to be behind the desk. We flew Hawaiian because we figured it would be better than United, but it's really the same level of bad service just disguised with a lei."
"Verified Review | Kona to Honolulu. I was told I could not check in due to being late. I was not aware of this policy and never before when I flew with Hawaiian Airlines was I denied my ticket to fly. There is no policy about checking in on time on your itinerary so the only way you can find out about this bad news is if you get it first from the desk. I was then printed a ticket for a flight an hour after my original flight, and when everything was done, I went off to TSA line and got to my original gate in 2 mins. I arrived at the gate 20 mins before boarding even began and I was denied entry on board by the Hawaiian employees. They were not being friendly at all and wanted to just go on their \"lunch break\" at 6:28pm. Very unprofessional of these people. I was also belittled by one of them when claiming that is my plane that I should be on and they were asking me in a very condescending way if I want my ticket back as I gave it to one of the ladies for confirmation. I was and am still disgusted with Hawaiian Airlines and their customer service. I feel cheated that I had to still pay them for the pet cabin too because I had my pet in her kennel all the time waiting eagerly to get home. They email me later asking how my flight was and on the bottom it had their checking in Policy with different information then what I was told by all the employees."
"Verified Review | Flew Hawaiian Airlines from Maui to Honolulu. Old, uncomfortable and small planes. Unhelpful check in crew. The night before my flight I got an email saying that there would be a delay on my flight and I would miss my conection to LAX. After making calls and rechecking the situation, apparently the email was a mistake, there was nothing wrong with the flight. After being mistreated at check in where the attendant didn't help to arrange the seats for me and my husband to sit next to each other, the airplane, very old by the way, had a technical problem causing departure delay. Not satisfied with the service provided by this company."
"Verified Review | Overall average airline experience flying from Sydney to Honolulu. Check in: automated counters weren't working, so everyone had to be manually checked in, took around 30 mins of waiting. Service staff at the counter couldn't even manage a smile. But was a smooth process despite the minor flaws. Boarding: boarded in zones, worked well, was slightly delayed due to the incoming flight being slightly delayed. Staff kept everyone well informed. Couldn't ask for more. Inflight: air crew were very casually dressed, fitted with the Hawaiian vibe. Weren't as tight and efficient as Thai airways or Etihad. Still the staff were friendly and seemed like they cared about passengers having a good experience. There was no power port on the plane, only USB charging for low power devices. The seats were uncomfortable with very thin cushions, the seats recline quite a bit but there's hardly any leg room. I'm not a tall person but my knees were mashed into the seat in front most of the flight. They provided a pillow and a blanket as well as headphones and earplugs which are necessary as this aircraft was very loud. Meals: dinner was a casserole/curry with rice and beans which was pretty good. There was some coon cheese, and a dairy milk. Staff offered a large range of beverages. Breakfast was a bit dissappointing as there was no hot meal, I got a yoghrt, a bread piece with jam and butter and a cinnamon muffin. Overall was acceptable for the price"
"Verified Review | Maui to Seattle. Bought tickets 5 months for me and my wife. While checking in 24 hrs in advance I get a seat assigned and my wife does not. They were under airport control. Reached gate 90 mins before departure and we were asked to either take last row or pay $80 more per ticket to be able to sit together. Seriously? 15 years of flying and this is the first time. Airline food overall is average but Hawaiian airlines has below average food. It will ruin your Hawaiian experience - also they don't allow you to use wireless headphones, so you are forced to buy their earphones."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Sydney. For me it is the worst airline. I had trouble to use the self service check in machine in the Honolulu. The customer service officer yelled out useless instructions as I am a kid making a mistake in the classroom. She was not even bothered to walk 5 steps down to have a look. When I eventually got the instruction to go to the counter for check in. I asked to keep the original seats but the guy said no seat left and give me two seats in the middle \"D\" in row 36 and 38\" regardless my mother is 80 non English speaking and I need going to bathroom as the health issue. And later I rang the head office the reply was classic \" I am sorry for your experience this time and hope you fly with us again\" the no matter what you said it was a long silent. After this do you think I will fly with this junk again?"
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Sacramento. This packed flight left more than two hours late because of a mechanical problem, arriving in Sacramento after midnight rather than 9:55 pm. We eventually were told, after takeoff, that the delay had something to do with the brakes. But we were kept in the dark until then. In the air, finally, we were told by way of apology that adults could have white or red wine without charge. But when I asked for white wine I was poured maybe two ounces - considerably less than half of one of those small plastic cups. We were also told that, also by way of apology, that after (so-called) dinner the movie Moana would be shown to the entire plane on the public screens and via loudspeakers. This two-hour kids' movie was thusly imposed on everyone who didn't have a noise-canceling headset. I've flown this route on Hawaiian a number of times because Hawaiian is the only carrier that does it nonstop. I've come to detest Hawaiian as a result. It is poorly run, unreliable, unresponsive, expensive, penny-pinching, and self-regarding. Stay away if you can."
"Verified Review | Will not fly with Hawaiian Airlines again. Booked day flight specifically for views between Kauai and Maui, they changed us from a window seat to the last row even though we booked and confirmed a month ago. This is the flight I was most looking forward to in the islands, experience ruined. Took forever to board, had to wait for another Hawaiian air flight to depart for 30 min on tarmac despite arriving on time. You have other options nowadays, take them."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Honolulu. Terrible customer service. I accidentally booked my wife's ticket under her maiden name. They wouldn't let us change the name on the ticket. They forced us to purchase a new ticket and cancel the old one, the price difference was $750 (they will let you change a single letter for $200). What a scam. She almost missed her flight (her daughter was already on the flight). Basically they robbed us. Awful people, awful airline. We'll never fly them again."
"Verified Review | Flew on Hawaiian Airlines flight HA137 from Kona to Honolulu. This airline uses the old B717 for all inter-island flights. Only water is served and the crews were very cold towards passengers. The announcement was unclear on this old aircraft. It's not an enjoyable experience but I would not say I don't recommend HA for this route, because the only airlines operate this route are HA and Island Air which are around the same standard."
"Honolulu to Auckland. My flight with Hawaiian Airlines was first of all delayed 2 hours, soon to be followed by constant 30 minute extra waits with no explanation given or this. After a final 2 hours waiting to hop on the plane (a total of 5 hours after the official departure time) we were told that a piece of motor was missing and the next available flight is in another 3 days. No information was given as to refunds or transfers, food vouchers or accommodation for people who are simply tourists in the country and have no money. Nothing at all, beyond this the staff were constantly stubborn and had no answers to any questions."
"Los Angeles to Honolulu. Dismal service and even in first class have to wait to 1 hour check in (only allowed 4 hours before the flight). There is no lounge access at LAX. Hawaiian Airlines need to learn how you do business and first class! What a joke. Ground staff are pretty miserable too."
"Verified Review | Kona to Kahului. I fly Hawaiian Airlines pretty often, the ground staff are getting more and more unfriendly. They fly the oldest planes in the industy. A good example what a lack of competition on some routes does to the overall motivation to provide a good service. I feel bad for those of the crew who try to provide a good service."
"Verified Review | Not a very pleasant journey with Hawaiian Airlines from New York to Honolulu. My 10 hour trip was very boring, since almost all entertainment (movies, tv shows, music) was provided only when extra money was paid (3.99$ or 7.99$ for movies). There was one very small meal at the beginning of the flight and an even smaller snack at the end of the flight. You had to pay extra for all alcoholic beverages (8$) and I even had to refill water myself numerous times, since flight attendands were mostly hanging out in the service area. The plane was comfortable enough and clean, but it was rather cold inside with no wifi."
"Verified Review | Flew Brisbane to Honolulu and return with Hawaiian Airlines. Flight out was very uncomfortable. When the person in front of you puts their seat back all the way it's very claustrophobic. This happened to me 5 mins after take off and I had to endure it for the whole flight. Seats too close together for long haul. We got a sandwich shortly after take off which was barely edible. Breakfast was scrambled egg potato cake and a rasher of bacon with tomato. I ate as I was so hungry but it wasn't good. The aircraft was 4 years old and was clean. The screens for the TVs are old. Singapore where using these screens 15 years ago. All in all not a very enjoyable flight. Return journey was even worse. Had to go back to concourse after taxiing out due to malfunction in air conditioning unit. Left to sit in aircraft for 1.5 hours and not even offered a drink of water. Aircraft was much older this time and very dirty. I could scrape black dirt off from around the TV screens. Crew looked a little scruffy I have to say but friendly enough. Food was pork with rice then a sandwich later in the flight. All in all was expecting much more from this airline. I would say this was a budget airline at best but then I think I would be doing a disservice to budget airlines."
"Verified Review | The worst airline with the worst service I've encountered. We flew Sydney - Honolulu and paid extra for 'comfort class' seating to quickly realise none of the entertainment units worked so we ha to move. Waste of $$. Yesterday we set off to Sydney from Honolulu and 4 hours into the flight the captain tells us we are leaking fuel and we had to return to Honolulu. 8 hours later and back to Honolulu. Disembark and wait another hour for buses to arrive to pick us up, arrive at hotel and told they'll only pay for one nights accomodation - even though we can't get a flight for another 4 days. Given conflicting information by call centre and hung up on. Waste of time, money and ruined our holiday."
"Flew Hawaiian Airlines from Lihue to Honolulu. Generally poor service. Check-in at airport is unlike any other - a process so confusing and with so many restrictions that it would be comical were it not so stressful. Boarding process is a cattle call. Flight attendants are very nice and helpful, but the seating, refreshments, etc. are poor."
"Verified Review | The upgrade was $75.00 each way to Hawaii with my 79 year old mother for a funeral. Flew from Los Angeles to Honolulu. On the way to Hawaii my mother had to sit on the pillows because the seat was old and had no cushion left in it. We had no water or juice when we boarded. We had plenty of leg space because we were at the front of the upgraded seats in row 11, but the seat was not wider and did not have any extra arm space and did not lay back any further than a regular seat. The food was the same as the regular cabin, it was not upgraded. On the night flight we were given noodles with a red sauce, spinach, mushroom slices and cheese, nothing you would want to eat again. A small salad, and a cookie that was about 2\"s long in the shape of a pineapple. On the same plastic tray as economy seats. On the morning flight on the way home was a cheese and egg sandwich that was inedible with some fruit and a chocolate covered macadamia nut. The latest movies you had to pay $7.99 each for, they are free on other upgraded flights with other airlines. I was very disappointed with the upgrade, they should be ashamed to have offered this service."
"Verified Review | My partner and I decided to fly what Hawaiian Airlines call First Class for a 12 day vacation in Honolulu. Last year we traveled extensively around the world in Business Class with Korean Air and Qantas. Flat beds were the norm, with amazing service, plentiful quality meals and hot snacks, a wide variety of wines and a large entertainment library on both airlines. The only positive with Hawaiian Airlines was the fact that we were able to access the Qantas Business Lounge prior to departure out of Sydney as Qantas is the handling agent for Hawaiian. The Qantas Business Lounge is superb. Now back to Hawaiian Airlines, when we boarded, (seats 1A and 1B), we were less than impressed from the start. The seats were antiquated, with very little space between rows and with no electronic function. There was no locker for our jackets and upon seating we were handed a menu and asked immediately what our selection would be for dinner, not much time to peruse the menu but the selections seemed appetising. When the meals were delivered, on a tray, similar to most airlines economy class they were disappointing, small portions and the hot component on both different choices coming out lukewarm. We were offered red or white wines with no explanation of variety or country of origin. The snacks offered during the flight consisted of a small bag of crisps and a cookie. When I asked for a small bottle of water, I was asked by the Flight Attendant didn't I get one earlier in the flight, when I replied yes but I would like another they reluctantly gave me one. During the flight we discovered that the seats would only recliner a small amount, making the 10 hour journey most uncomfortable. We still encroached the space of the passengers behind us despite the limited pitch. My seat squeaked, and my partners leg rest would not function. Having spent a considerable amount of money, ($7500), on two return tickets we feel totally ripped off. Hawaiian Airlines First/Business Class is similar to most international carriers Economy Class. Do not waste your money on such an inferior product."
"Honolulu to Kona. Check-in lines out the door, delayed baggage twice during our 3 days break and they won't take responsibility when they have done the wrong thing! We were recently dismayed by the poor service of Hawaiian Airlines during inter-island flights which we had booked as first class passengers. On the first from Honolulu to Kona we arrived from a flight from Australia and proceeded directly to the domestic flights area, queuing in the astonishing line for first class more than 20mins before it closed. I've never experienced a premium class service that had a queue as long with just two staff. When we arrived at the front of the queue there was still 10mins before closing time but one of the women serving walked away and a man came to take over and had to log in etc. This process took all the time remaining and not once did he look up and ask when our flight was. I regret not being more assertive at that point as the service was dismal. We then took our bags to the bag area and proceeded directly to the gate where we were told we shouldn't have been checked in and that our seats had been given away so we were now to be separated in economy seats. Not the end of the world, but laughable given the massive premium we had paid for first class tickets and not ideal given one of our companions was heavily pregnant and wanted to stay close to her husband. When we arrived on Kona we waited nearly 30minutes at the baggage carousel and after not seeing our bags, we enquired at the desk. Again we were told that because we were late (we were not, Hawaiian Airlines have a staff drought and inefficient processes) our bags weren't carried on the flight and so were arrived in Kona after 24 hours of travel with no clothes for another 3 hours! On the return flight we found the same lack of efficiency and even though we arrived more than an hour before the return flight from Kona to Honolulu, both My husband and I had our bags not arrive until the next flight. We had to wait in the airport again until the next flight arrived. Thank goodness we didn't have to get straight on another flight. We were not the only ones. It appears this is the Hawaiian Airlines way of doing business and it is 1 star. Even if you have paid for 5 star! And they say the best they can do is refund $70 of the ticket price."
"Flew Hawaiian Airlines from Hilo - Honolulu return, to pick up another flight. We have no choice when it comes to leaving this Island than to fly HA. Over the years, I have seen an improvement in ground handling and paying for Premier Club does mean Hilo airport is a little more acceptable: the flight to HNL is fast and straightforward. Returning is where Old Style HA comes into it's own. Returning from Japan, there is a need to recheck baggage and get boarding passes. It appears that is too much effort for ground staff. Yes, clicking to print a pass, instead they want you to go to another desk and when you do finally board, old style FAs are so full of having a job they do not care a bit about \"Customers\". In short inter Island, the minimal, begrudged service can be coped with for such short flights (and no other real choice) but I will never use them to fly further afield, they are pretty clueless."
"Auckland to New York via Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines and there were no delays, and airport staff were pleasant. The standard of food was not as good as other airlines and there was no choice. Was advised the journey was full service and had expected the 11 hour flight from Hawaii to New York would come with entertainment included. It did not. You have to pay for movies and earphones, by credit card (no cash). Baggage handlers managed to damage 2 bags from our party of 3 and were not interested when this was reported. Cabin was clean, movies even though advertised as latest releases were dated. I feel this is important on long haul flights. Cabin crew were ok, and frequently offered water but it was not a memorable service."
"Kauai to JFK via Honolulu. We are a family of 4 and took advantage of the Hawaiian credit card/mileage offer and God forbid we chose to use the miles we earned! Stay away from this offer it is the most expensive in terms of mileage usage. It is the most inflexible if you should need to make even the slightest change. If you are a mileage customer the staff treat you like a criminal. I could go on. It is too bad the equipment and onboard crew are good, while the front office policies are archaic, the web site is very clunky not easy to use and if you make the mistake of trying to speak to someone over the phone you will age as you wait - and when you do reach an agent it is frustrating. In short find another mileage program this one is awful and is an unfortunate detractor to a wonderful Hawaii experience."
"Honolulu to Sydney with Hawaiian Airlines, and I would not recommend, and will not be flying Hawaiian again. The plane is not very comfortable and the check in staff are not very helpful. They did not offer any kind of assistance for travelling with kids. It made for a very unplesent flight especially when travelling with children like we were. I was very dissapointed, Jetstar provides better service!"
"Hawaiian Airlines apparently hasn't purchased a new plane in 5 years. They have no idea that the rest of the airline world accommodates first class customers in actual comfort during overnight flights. We had high hopes for this flight, having never flown Hawaiian Air before. We started out on a good note with their signature drink - Pukana La, which is champagne, pineapple juice and grenadine. Our flight was 8 hours, departing just past midnight, and I envisioned the typical amenities we're accustomed to on overnight flights. To our great surprise upon boarding, there were no lie-flat beds or personal seating compartments. The narrow seats didn't even have electronic controls. We had to manually adjust the recline (minimal) and the foot rest (pathetic), which didn't elevate. The seats were something out of the dark ages. Sleep was painful, almost impossible. Attendants handed out cheap headphones that hurt my ears, while other airlines are providing Bose now. The inflight entertainment is littered with ads that you must watch each time you choose another movie or TV show. It's not enough they're charging a fortune to fly, but now you have to watch ads too. They shut off in-flight entertainment half an hour before landing, ridiculous. Some allow video to continue right through landing. Hawaiian Air switches you to a 30-minute music video promoting Hawaiian musicians (entitled HISessions), after they take away your earphones. Whose ingenius idea was that? We were absolutely freezing the entire trip. It didn't help that the blanket provided was wimpy. I kept a coat on during the entire flight. The attendants were all turning blue. The overnight kit was cheap - cheap earplugs that didn't stay in, cheap eye mask that didn't keep light out, cheap thin socks (which I had to wear over my own socks to avert frozen feet). The food was horrific. Salmon omelet? Good grief, who eats fish in an omelet? And fishy tasting salmon, no less. Greasy, cold chicken sausage and rubbery potatoes for sides. Ugh. The first class cabin on Hawaiian Airlines might equal Economy Plus on the better airlines. Even the uniforms are awful. Drab gray pants, with blue floral shirts that don't match. What were they thinking? The only saving grace on this flight were two flight attendants who did their very best to make our flight bearable, despite miserable conditions in a prehistoric plane. Never again will we fly Hawaiian Airlines."
"Flew PHX to KOA via HNL with Hawaiian Airlines. The plane left 3 hours late as the engine was broken and they were fixing it. I had a 1 hour layover in Honolulu and therefore would miss my connection to Kona. I spoke to the Hawaiian Airlines agent at the gate and told him I would book a later flight with my smartphone. He told me not to do that as Hawaiian was going to book new flights for all passengers with a connecting flight and my doing it myself would mess everything up. When we arrived at Honolulu, the plane pulled off the runway and stopped. The crew said we would have to be towed into the terminal. The crew then told all passengers that we should get off at gate 52 and there would be a shuttle waiting to take the passengers with connections to the interisland terminal. We were then to go to gate 56 where Hawaiian Airlines personnel would be waiting to take care of our connecting flights. There was no shuttle waiting. A shuttle going the other direction stopped and the driver asked what we were doing. We told him and he said no shuttle was scheduled to meet us but that he would turn around and take us to the Interisland terminal. When we got to the interisland terminal and went to gate 56 there were no Hawaiian Airlines personnel anywhere. After waiting a while, one of the other passengers said she was going to go look for help. We got new tickets and finally got to Kona. Passenger service is worse than non-existent. We go to Hawaii every year and this is the 4th time Hawaiian has messed us about, the 5th time was when we came back from this trip. We're done with Hawaiian permanently."
"Hawaiian Airlines used to be \"the\" airline to fly, but seem to have lost their \"Hawaiian roots.\" They have become far too big. It started when they moved their phone support overseas. They crammed more seats into economy class, and reduced level of service in first class. They started charging excessive baggage fees, change fees, and cancellation fees. Their frequent flyer program has become just another cash cow, charging 100.00 per ticket plus mileage if flying inter island. Our Party of 5, all under a single reservation number, were given 2 seats and 3 members given Standby Seats at the ticket counter, even though the reservations were made and seats selected 6 months in advance. We were told that we would have to talk to the gate agent, who only showed up 10 minutes before the plane was scheduled for departure. Luckily all 5 of us were able to get on the same flight, split all about the cabin. Customer support after the fact was incredibly arrogant and unwilling to explain company policy of splitting reservations between assigned seats and Standby status. Complete lack of Customer Support seems to be their new business model."
"Los Angeles to Honolulu, and our first time flying with Hawaiian Airlines. We had asked for assistance as I am a disabled with mobility problems. Kerbside check in was a breeze and it was easy to navigate T2 at LAX. The problems started when we got on board. The aircraft had been overfueled and had to be changed. We sat there for 2 hours waiting for them to arrive. We were given some water and the movies were switched on but nothing else. Cabin crew were good and they were in the dark as we were. However, instead of selling snacks, they could have offered them as a gesture of goodwill. We were then asked to leave the aircraft. Bad enough if you are able bodied, worse if you are disabled. A nice ground crew guy returned my wheelchair to me and we slowly made our way back to the gate. Once we got there, we were turned around and asked to get back on the aircraft as the problem had been resolved. We finally took off three hours late. There were also delays with the luggage at HNL as there were apparently only two loaders available to deal with baggage. I gave up waiting for my wheelchair after 15 minutes and slowly made my own way with my wife helping me. No one from Hawaiian Airlines ground crew were about to direct, help or support us. Thanks to the kindness of fellow passengers we got our bags and finally got to the car rental desk. The operational support for Hawaiian Airlines failed dismally. There were lacklustre apologies and a distinct lack of ground staff to help. Considering HNL is their home airport, this is totally unacceptable."
"Hawaiian Airlines are the most disorganised, unfriendly and rudest airline. We booked months ago through our agent, but she was advised that she was unable to book our seats for us and we can't book them online either. Upon arrival at Brisbane Airport, we line up to check in and wait and wait and wait while they have a staff meeting. When checkin finally opens we discover my husband and I are seated apart! To sit together will incur a further charge of $120. The plane is full we were told, we can't move you. Seriously - has it been full for 6 months? It wasn't full at all - there were plenty of people lying down over 3 seats. After a lot of argument we finally get seats together. Upon arrival in Honolulu, we're held up at the gate for 35 minutes because they can't get the airbridge to work. Very uncomfortable. In customs, the computers are down so we wait in a queue for 2 hours to get through. The Customs Usher told us to go to a newly opened desk, only to have the Customs Officer scream at us to get back in line and only approach his desk when he had given us permission to do so. He kept on yelling and yelling at us, over the sign on his desk which says Welcome to Hawaii. I know this is not Hawaiian Airlines fault but by this stage our impression of Hawaii is sinking by the minute. Whilst on holiday, we receive the distressing news that my mother has died, so we need to cut our holiday short and fly back. We are charged $400 extra to change our flights to a week earlier - once again on a flight which was not full. So we don't understand why we had to pay extra. We arrive at the Hawaiian Airlines desk to find that once again we are seated far apart, even though we are travelling together as husband and wife. The seriously rude women on the counter at the gate asked us why we wanted to sit together and advised us there would be a charge for changing the tickets. At this time I am very distressed and my normally placid husband starts to lose it. The way she spoke to us was beyond belief and extremely distressing. After a lot of argument we finally got to sit together (the plane was not full), but I think she took revenge because my suitcase was sent to Sydney, not Brisbane. More stress, trying to recover that. thankfully Qantas took over and found it and delivered it with amazing efficiency. Most of the cabin crew were very nice - so that was something. Although on the return trip one officious steward told me to remove my headset every time the fasten seat belt sign came on, in case I needed to get out of my seat quickly. In all my years of flying I have never been told that. And he told me every single time there was turbulence. None of the other stewards told passengers that, I think he was just on a little power trip. With the appalling way we have been treated by Hawaiian airlines and Hawaii customs we will never ever return. There is nothing welcoming, friendly or competent about the Hawaiian Airline service at all. They seriously need to review their customer experience levels because they are way behind the times. They are worse than 3rd world."
"Hawaiian Airlines from Brisbane to Honolulu. Never have I encountered such surly, sullen and unfriendly cabin crew. They bordered on being outright rude! I never saw a smile from any of them. You would think that flying to Hawaii - such a beautiful and welcoming place - would make everyone happy, but no, not the crews either on the way there or back. Add to that the food was almost inedible. The plane itself was clean (apart from the toilet) but I doubt I would fly with this airline again."
"We purchased Hawaiian Airlines Extra comfort seats 9 months prior to departure. Arrived at the gate for our flight to Honolulu to find all extra comfort seats are unavailable on our flight and we had been reassigned economy class seats. Due to medical conditions of some passenger, we were advised by ground staff that a spare seat would be available next to us in economy class to give us extra room on the flight. 5 minutes before the doors are closed these spare seats are filled with standby passengers! Will not fly again with an airline that is more interested in filling seats that looking after their full fare paying customers. Economy class seats are some of the most uncomfortable seats I have ever flown in with little leg room."
"I booked this flight about 10 months before we flew. Six weeks before our flight I contacted Hawaiian Airlines and requested a travel credit as the cost of the flight was now $130 less than I had paid. Hawaiian was willing to give me a travel credit for the $130 difference only after they charged me $40/ticket to process the travel credit. I'm outraged at this charge as neither Jet Blue nor Alaska Airlines charges a customer for process a travel credit when the customer finds the same flight listed for less than previously paid. While the flight attendants and gate attendants are pleasant their efforts are not enough to overcome my irritation about the charge for processing my travel credit. Additionally, on my flight to Honolulu and from Honolulu we landed/departed from Gate 34. This gate is a very long walk from the main terminal. Hawaiian should provide a shuttle to assist customers who have to walk to baggage claim or from the main terminal. While I did use online check-in, it saved me little or no time because I had to access one of the kiosks at the main terminal to print out by my baggage tracking label. There was no curbside check-in for baggage and about 1/3 of the kiosks were out of order. I've flown Hawaiian many times over the past 12 years. This will be the last one. Hello Alaska Airlines!"
"I would never recommend Hawaiian Airlines to anyone. The Brisbane Airport gate staff were extremely rude and unprofessional. We were travelling with a infant and a 7 year old - how could we be seperated from a 7 year old? We had paid for premium economy seats and were told at the gate our party of 6 would all be sitting in seperate seats. We paid and booked 8 months plus in advance for this Hawaiian Airlines trip."
"Hawaiian Airlines has become a lower class carrier that is trying to serve selected routes in and around the Pacific Rim. Clumsy is the best description I can give. We flew one way from Tokyo Haneda to Honolulu with a departure time of 23:55. Kind of a non eventful flight but I kept getting woke up by clumsy crew who kept bumping into my seat. Once okay, twice not a big deal, 6 times just shows a lack of care. One of the staff actually spilled an entire glass of water on someone, just clumsy. The food was on the lower side of airline fare with no snacks. They did have IFE to watch which was a relief and a contradiction to what I had read in other reviews. There are a flew classes, the standard is free with two upgrade options. I flown worse so there is hope but I think I'd check all resources in the future prior to selecting Hawaiian Airlines. Aircraft was reasonably clean and in good working order. Bathrooms were getting worse as the flight progressed. I believe WiFI was offered at a steep price."
"After 2 hours, 3 agents, 2 supervisors, 1 manager and a gate agent my experience with Hawaiian Airlines was horrible. Had paid for and confirmed Comfort Class seats. When boarding passes were received they were regular coach seats. In a condescending and rude way I was told the Comfort Class seats were canceled by an outside source. Comparable seats were now not available. Only option was coach seats and a Credit for what was paid for upgrade."
"I am sad to say that we were not allowed on our flight today because we were not at the boarding gate fifteen minutes before departure. Even though we were allowed to check in with our two children 6 months and 2. Once we got to the gate exactly 15 minutes before takeoff our agent kept his head down staring at his computer for about 5 minutes. After that he informed us that the gates were closed and no one else could board. Strange because atleast two other people were allowed on the plane while we were standing at the checkin counter. I felt embarrassed as other people were allowed onto the flight while we were held off to the side. I am not sure if they didn't want to let us on because we had the two small children or they didn't like the way we looked. I would not recommend anyone to this airline ever. In fact I would urge you to stay away from them as you can see their other reviews on here are pretty bad as well. If anyone knows a way I can get my family out to Hawaii asap please share. Hawaiian air customer service has given us the run around and made light of our situation."
"The good: Efficient boarding, departed and arrived on time. The so so: Cabin attendants did their jobs, legroom OK, but less than jetBlue. The bad: \"Entertainment\" - Why have in-seat TV screen when nothing worthwhile to watch, unless you pay extra for it? \"Meal\" - water, few pieces of fruit, mystery cheese thing, one piece of candy. Overall opinion: Very average experience. Hawaiian should be so much better when their slogan is \"Hawaii Flies With Us\". Should not boast about serving a meal, attendants OK, but lack aloha spirit, delete ads when giving info about Hawaii before landing. Would fly again, but only because of mediocre competitors."
"I am never flying on Hawaiian Airlines again. Once was once too many! Horrible customer service. 1) Luggage issues. They refused to send my bags all the way to the final destination. Their response was \"because you have a layover of more than 4 hours, we cannot send the bags all the way.\" This was blatantly false because I later confirmed with people who had flown the exact same route and they had no issues checking their bags all the way to the final destination. Some incompetent staff, for sure! 2) In-flight service for an international flight was atrocious. When I reminded the attendant that I had requested a special meal, she replied rather rudely, \"Oh, we don't do special meals.\" 3) Good luck trying to change your flights without paying a hefty amount. And even then, you were restricted to a few dates only."
"My husband and I were disappointed with the inflight experience from Honolulu to Sydney (arriving SYD 7.30pm). The staff were cold, sullen and non-communicative. The food was minimal and of poor quality. We were given a terrible chicken meal at lunch and then nothing until the equivalent of 11pm (for the passengers' day), when we received sub standard sandwiches. We have never experienced an international flight like it. Additionally, the entertainment systems were problematic in that the touch screen was not sensitive enough and had to be pressed repeatedly. As a result, I had the woman behind me repeatedly pressing the back of my headrest all the way through the 10 hour flight. We will never choose this airline again for an international flight."
"I was so looking forward to my trip to Honolulu, but it was not a pleasant experience, was seated next to window with 1 passenger next to me, as soon as we had levelled off the woman in front of me thrust her seat back to the maximum degree and that's where it stayed the entire 8.5 hour trip, until she was asked by staff to return her seat to upright position 5 mins from landing. I have scoliosis and prefer to sit upright, but I was left with no room whatsoever, could not even open a magazine, I was severely restricted of any movement and trying to get out the seat to visit the toilet was near impossible, if people want to sleep the whole trip like that they should travel 1st class and why do the seats have to go so far back. By the time we arrived in Hawaii I was in pain. I was dreading the return trip home, but just dismissed it as bad luck, the return trip I was seated in an aisle seat with empty seat next to me, well the same thing happened we hadn't even taken off and a woman put her seat right back, I thought surely staff would correct her but obviously they didn't spot her, as soon as we had levelled out again I moved into the seat next to me, her 4 year old son was now in front of me, she then proceeded to push her sons seat back to the extended position, was this really necessary for a 4 year old, the only respite I had was move back to the aisle seat at least I was able to exit the seat so spent much of my time standing at back of airline, how could people be so oblivious to other travellers discomfort by having their seats fully extended the entire trip is beyond me, I certainly wont be travelling with this airline again it was a nightmare trip for me."
"Our flight from Brisbane to Honolulu (overnight) was good even though an awful time to fly. My only complaint was the cabin was freezing. On the return flight this is where the problems started. The airport is mayhem and needs more signage. People wondering aimlessly. Once on board and seated. I had packed for warmth on this flight. It was a day flight leaving at 1.40pm local time. Once on board we were informed that there was no headsets, they had not been loaded onto the plane. so for the next 9 hours plus no movies, how many games can you play of Solitaire. Also on the first meal service we where informed there was no scotch as they had run out. First meal service. That is not good enough. The staff were polite, the meals OK but for an international carrier to have no headsets for a 9 hour flight is ridiculous, and concerning. Hawaiian Airlines need to pick up their game, as in pre-checks and cross checks and strict compliance procedures that must be adhered too for safety and well being of your passengers."
"We were instructed to confirm our onward flight to San Francisco when we reached Honolulu. Flight to SFO was next day (4th Feb). Rang to confirm this flight and were informed because of a time change in the flight we had to have a new ticket issued and that we would have to ring our agent in Australia to enable this to happen. We rang our agent who checked with Hawaiian Airlines Sydney office to be told no that our ticket that we held was fine and it was when we checked in. I had to make a call to Australia which was not easy and it took nearly 2 hours of our precious time in Honolulu. Not good. Also the food on the plane although I had requested a meal without tomato and mushrooms there was no option. One meal was all that was available and we had it twice with tomato which disagrees with me."
"Dec 17 HA 452 Sydney-Honolulu. Dec 17 HA 364 Honolulu-Maui. Dec 24 HA 529 Honolulu-Maui. Dec 30 Honolulu- Sydney HA 451. Terrible business class. No lie flat seats. The seats have only minimal recline. Seats are manually operated with no power assistance. Disgraceful lounges in Hawaii. Poor beverages inflight: prosecco (no champagne) red label scotch one cheap red and one cheap white for wine. Food is poor. Inflight staff are very nice. The on the ground staff are rude. Overall a terrible business class which they ironically call first-class!"
"They do not have their own staff for check in at JFK there were 4 kiosks and only 2 worked. The staff were not welcoming or friendly and borderline rude. They kept mostly to themselves and barely smiled during JFK-HNL - no aloha spirit. Video selection was limited and a la carte not one free movie they charged for everything even regular tv-cable shows that are free on other carriers. The Hawaiian Airlines video history and commercials with smiling friendly flight crew are free. We were treated to 2 gourmet packets of stale crushed peanut mix during the 10.5 hr flight. They don't give whole soda cans - just cups of beverage. Meal was half heated pasta with tomato paste - so eat well before boarding. Being a Hawaiian living in NYC I did so much to promote this airline in NYC within my social circles company and whenever I can. It breaks my heart to see how they have completely disintegrated as a company and lost the spirit of aloha. I travel frequently throughout the year and have flown on all carriers in USA - Hawaiian Airlines is the worst for the cost and experience. There are much better cheaper carrier/options."
"Such an average airline. Travelled first class Honolulu to Sydney. The service was poor and the seats very uncomfortable. If travelling between Australia and Honolulu book on either Qantas or save money on Jetstar. Avoid this airline."
"Sydney-Honolulu-JFK early October and back same route. Positives - no delay clean cabin reasonably clean lavatory friendly cabin crew 60kg check-in luggage. Negatives - more expensive than most other airlines. No meal choice - chicken and rice only salad inedible. Poor navigation on console choice of movies/TV limited. Meagre snacks cost extra only water is free during flight. Honolulu airport check-in and security hall is overcrowded and poorly air-conditioned. US domestic leg clearly sub-standard compared to int'l route. Overall typical boring American-style airline with nothing to be remembered for. If you are used to Qantas or any good Asian or Middle Eastern airlines then you are in for a real cattle class ride. Won't be flying with them again at the current price."
"I was most disappointed with the Business class lounge in Honolulu the worst I have ever been in. I also thought that for a business class fare I would get a seat with more recline I didn't expect a flat bed. I found it to be a lot more expensive than economy which I used twelve months ago and was quite happy with but thought I would treat myself as I was travelling alone this time."
"Flew Hawaiian from Sydney this August. Could not sit in lounge at airport until just before boarding. Arrived at Honolulu to Big Island. Boarded plane but could not take off. They had no air con. Finally took off but could not disembark. Door could not open. It was an extremely long trip. Coming home we were told just before boarding from Honolulu there would be no audio for. 10 hour flight. I had to upgrade as I cannot sit in a confined space for that amount of time. Seated in business class. The air con was freezing all the way. Given IPads but battery kept running out. Could not rewind to where I finished my movie so had to watch it all over again with another IPad. The air con was freezing all the way home. Even the crew were wearing jackets jumpers etc. it was the worst trip there and back we have ever encounterd. Never again. Could not even get a cup of coffee after dinner. Only tea. Did not have decaf coffee. Someone forgot to make it."
"Very poor airline when compared to the main airlines. Considering the price we paid for first class the standard service quality of food and overall experience was very poor. We traveled from Honolulu to New York we found the first class lounge to be dirty and lacked any food or drink. The seat on the aircraft did not recline very far the pillow and blanket were the same as in economy food menu only had two selections as for a wine list it did not exist. They need to look at some of the European airlines and learn how it should and can be done."
"We were loyal HA flyers for years. We loved that we could finally afford First Class from San Jose to Maui (our favorite place in the world). We try to go 2x yearly. The vacation started on the plane! That was then. Over the last 3 years Hawaiian's First Class services have declined dramatically. Starting with their food. What was a highly rated menu scripted by the GM of the Hali'maile General Store in Maui (great restaurant) is now normal coach nasty airline faire. The speed of the decline is epic. The 'ghetto birds' (767) still flying the non stop route from SJ to OGG are an insult to us Nor Cal folks. Why are the new planes not in place yet? The planes are old tattered and the seating in First Class is more like a glorified coach. Our last trip in January had us on the runway at OGG for 12 hours! Delay after delay we even had a crew switch as laws had them time out. Rude flight attendants were rampant on this trip as well (something we'd never seen on HA prior). Our son was due back at school Monday morning and a flight that was supposed to have us home at 8pm Sunday night had us landing at 7.30am Monday morning. No dinner no drinks nothing that we paid double what coach travellers paid. So this once great airline is no more unfortunately."
"Gone downhill in the last few years. We're First Class flyers and their food is almost inedible now and it used to be delicious. They've yet to upgrade the dated 767's out of San Jose on their non-stops to Maui. Nothing very special about HA anymore. Their food used to be top notch now we eat before we get on the plane. Not saying much for First Class huh?"
"Our recent return flight from Honolulu was lacking to say the least. My son and his wife who were honeymooning were seated separately. My son who is quadriplegic was lifted into the aisle seat then a stranger placed in the adjacent window seat which meant the woman would have to repeatedly climb over him to her seat. My son and his wife were travelling with a 16 month old who was a delight throughout the flight. When the steward came through with the meagre sandwich offering we asked for a sandwich for the baby to which she replied 'I will have to see if there are any left'. The baby had no seat but they were charged $300 anyway. Would you not expect a sandwich for that? Especially when there is no food for sale custom laws make it very difficult to bring your own and there are many hours between meals. So mean spirited it took the aloha out of our trip."
"I flew first class on 12/8/14 from Seattle to Honolulu. Was very disappointed as the inflight entertainment did not work. For what you pay in first class it should be working I am hoping they will honour my request for a voucher as the ticket was pricey. Please do give better options for food as well. This airline needs to lower its prices for what you get."
"In Feb we booked our seats flying from Hawaii to Las Vegas. We booked four seats together as there were personal and mental issues that necessitated careful planning. In August On the day of our flight without consultation Hawaiian Airlines changed our seats. We were separated two of us were put in row 46 and apart. These non reclining seats were a nightmare. I checked the seats we had booked the passengers sitting there were random. To add injury to insult the staff member in Hawaii at the check in counter for our return flight had the arrogance to say there are no non reclining seats on the plane. Maybe Hawaiian Airlines needs to let their staff have the experience from hell. We will never fly Hawaiian Airlines again. We are spreading the word through our large circle of travelling friends."
"On flight from Sydney to Honolulu on an A330 airbus upgraded to extra comfort seats for an extra $80 per person located behind Business Class plenty of leg room but hard and uncomfortable but little else which doesn't add up to the package offer for the upgrade everything else is the same as in economy. No movies unless you pay for them. Drinks limited to wine or beer. Food on offer is mediocre. Flight attendants friendly I have flown on similar 3 star airlines that provide much more than on offer with this airline. The return flight wasn't much better still had to pay for extras including inflight entertainment snacks which were limited and ran out quickly. Did not upgrade to extra comfort seat this time and not much difference with the same service except for some extra leg room. Don't think I fly with this carrier again as there is better options at the same or near price. Be aware it's self check in at Honolulu airport including luggage."
"Not the friendliest crew on this trip. I have flown with Hawaiian before and the staff was great but this time it was complete opposite. On this flight there weren't any pillows or blankets and the plane was cold. There is always one screaming kid and just my luck he was beside me and his Mom and her group of friends really didn't try to calm him down so this happened the entire flight which was about 5.5-6 hrs. The seats were uncomfortable and my seat didn't recline at all. Paid too much for what we ended up with."
"Our first trip (OGG-SEA) on the new A330 with Hawaiian. We like the wide-body aircraft because when the two of us travel we can get a window and an aisle seat together. The seats on this plane are the most uncomfortable seats I have ever sat in! The setback \"entertainment\" system is very slow and hard to navigate because one has to push hard on the screen for inputs to be recognized. I was afraid to push hard enough because it must have been annoying to the person in front of me. We had to miss the outbound SEA-OGG segment of this flight because of a change to our plans. I knew that we would not get anything back for that flight that we did not take but when we called HA to tell them that we would miss it they tried to collect $400 from us for change fees for the segment that we intended to keep. It has been our experience that the call center at HA is terrible and this was no exception. After 3 hours and no call we just went to the OGG airport where we were told that there was no change fee applicable."
"Flew Beijing to Honolulu March 2014 in \"Business Class.\" Definitely closer to economy plus. Uncomfortable barely reclining seats no electronics charging in-flight entertainment consists of iPads with a few games and movies/TV shows. Food was okay flight attendants brusque but efficient. They definitely don't seem like they enjoy their jobs. Would look hard for other options next time especially with Air China starting to fly that route."
"Worst business class I have experienced. We flew from Sydney-Honolulu and Honolulu-Oakland and were shocked. The seats were terrible reclining just a little bit more than those in economy class and the food options for vegetarians were non-existent. We had informed them that we are vegetarian well in advance but when we reached the airport we were told that they don't have special meals for anyone even in business class so we'll have to make do with whatever they had. The lounge in Honolulu is shocking - no food just some juice and soft drinks. If you do have to fly Hawaiian do yourself a favor and save yourself a lot of money by flying economy - business class adds nothing."
"AKL-HNL-LAX on 13 Feb Business class: the AKL-HNL leg was on an A330 so the seats were very uncomfortable for a fairly long flight. The inflight entertainment was very basic. The staff seemed alright: even though they seemed to be very focused on 3 specific guests with whom they have been talking most of the time they were friendly and they did their job. The service is very casual anyway. HNL-LAX was on a newer plane: seats were bigger but not really reclining more of an easy chair than else. The inflight entertainment was via iPads as there were only communal screens. The chicken salad was really strange: the chicken was OK but it got served with some very gooey steamed rice and 2 (as in two) very hard strips of carrot. The lounge in HNL was a joke: the only refreshments offered were orange juice coffee and soft drinks from a dispenser eventually I was able to find some dry snacks by the reception counter (instead than at the 'bar'). The decor is very shabby. The only good thing was the wifi."
"We flew over to Honolulu on 8th January 2014 and was most uncomfortable flight I have been on. The flight entertainment was atrocious and we were told the entertainment was no longer available which I call false advertisement as they still claim the tablets are available. We are dreading the flight back to Sydney and will not be travelling with Hawaiian Airlines again. The airfares were not cheap either. Big mistake on our part."
"Went from New Zealand to Honolulu to JFK Return. Chose Hawaiian for the price. The staff seemed to be keen to help in the first 2 hours. Then it seemed that they were sleeping as it was hard to get service. My husband is blind and this was noted when booking but the staff were not very understanding compared to other airlines we have flown. Food marginal."
"My flight from JFK to LAX was 20 min late including the time it took to retrieve my luggage at baggage claim. The flight I had just arrived on was located right next to the gate I was to leave from to catch my Hawaii flight. When I got to the Hawaiian ticket counter to check my bag in for the flight I still had 40 minutes remaining before my flight would leave for Hawaii. To my surprise no one was there at the check in counter. I explained that I had a flight to Hawaii that leaves in 40 minutes and I asked to speak with a manager or supervisor to assist me. The only response they gave me was to go to the information booth which was downstairs and turned their backs on me and said There is nothing they could do!I went downstairs dragging my heavy luggage to ask for help at the information desk was told to call Hawaiian Airlines. I went back upstairs and there was a representative there. I explained my situation stating there was no one to check me in. I was told: There is nothing that he could do and the next flight is tomorrow! I was stranded and had nowhere to turn to at the time. I was offered no assistance at LAX airport. I ended up paying for the ticket having to change my return ticket because of their policies. Then they informed me about a reduction fee policy after I already paid an extra $200! Hawaiian Airlines computer system appears inefficient outdated and extremely slow. I will never fly Hawaiian Airlines again!"
"Flight from Sydney to Hawaii was fantastic the service could not have been better. Staff were very friendly and helpful the children had plenty of entertainment and the adults had plenty to watch all free. The leg from Hawaii to LAX was not what we had experienced in the first leg of the trip. The plane was freezing so I asked for a blanket and it was going to cost me $10us dollars. You also had to pay for the entertainment we had just flown from Australia and they wanted more money. We were not happy same again on the LAX to Hawaii - freezing but the leg from Hawaii to Australia very comfortable."
"A couple of weeks back we had to cut short our trip due to a family members health deteriorating rapidly we were in Kauai and needed to get back to Sydney pronto. Hawaiian were accommodating on getting us on a flight but charged us both for entirely 2 new one way air fares ( AUD2200) - talk about slugging you whilst you are down - absolutely no compassion at all. Other family member were in the UK and Emirates/Qantas did all they could to get them home in time which they did and did all of this free of charge - we've flown with Hawaiian in the past but this has left a very very poor taste in our collective mouths. IF we can at all help it will not be flying Hawaiian again."
"Most uncomfortable seats on any flight I've ever experienced. Very cold on the flight no blankets or pillows offered on this OAK-OGG flight. Meal is a joke! Brunch consisted of 2 small slices of cantaloupe 2 small slices of mushy watermelon 2 very hard slices of unripe honeydew melon 4 grapes 4 crackers one piece of cheese and one chocolate covered macadamia nut candy. When leaving home at 6:00 a.m. with two hour advance check-in before a 5:33 flight don't assume Hawaiian is offering a meal as their advertising reports; eat first take food on the plane. Take a jacket to wear on the flight. Very tight leg room uncomfortable uncushioned hard seats. They are the only airline that I know of that charges for ear phones. Could have brought my own if I knew they are not included. Poor quality entertainment choices. If you want to starve freeze and suffer through a long flight fly HA otherwise choose a different carrier."
"SYD-HNL. My mother and I had high hopes. We were quite disappointed starting from the moment we entered the plane. Cabin Crew appeared disinterested and not polite. The food was by far the most terrible we have ever had on any flight. It was quite safe to say that Hawaiian Airlines food service onboard HA452 and HA451 was disgusting. On both legs no vegetarian option was given and we were given hard cold chicken with undercooked vegetables. It was a terrible way to start a flight and it certainly did not get any better as the long night flight became unusually extremely cold to the point that others were questioning it too! The cabin temperature served countless chills that made it hard to sleep."
"Travelled AKL to SFO via HNL on 24 Aug. HA446/12. Had been warned not to expect much and this was sage advice. Web check-in and bag drop was a good start for a 23.55 hr departure. Crew on HA446 distinctly lacking aloha. HA12 better. Meals the same bland poached chicken bits on rice with broccoli (ex AKL) and diced carrots/peas (exHNL). Not worth staying up for esp when served at 2 am out of AKL! Breakfast was a plastic bag of assorted industrial foods handed to pax. Inflight entertainment despite being touchscreen on newish A330 was lacking content and not free (US$7.99 a movie). Budget airline without the budget ticket prices in future its back to Air NZ. Pluses: I arrived SFO on time and with both checked bags. HA actually has the potential to be a very good airline but needs to think hard about its international offering."
"HNL-SFO in first class. I used Hawaiians drive-thru check-in at HNL and was berated by very unfriendly agent because my friend just dropped me off and then left with the car. Her reasoning it is a drive-thru check-in not a drop-off. When I requested a priority tag for my suitcase agent requested a tip for the porter. I gave the porter a tip but still did not get a priority tag. No information given about lounge access had to find lounge on my own. Overall a very chaotic unfriendly check-in process. Lounge at HNL airport very basic staff ok not overly friendly. On board the service was good and so was the food and wine. The seats however have only minimal recline and were not very comfortable in the upright position. Overall ok for a 5 hr flight but longer flights would be a problem. I used miles for my first class flight and got an ok deal. Otherwise not worth the premium."
"HA444 from Brisbane to Honolulu on Sunday 4th August. Returning Saturday 17th August on flight HA443. Budget airline would never fly them again. Service 5 out of 10 Seating 2 out of 10 take a jacket as you will freeze! No in seat movie screens. On international flight unless you buy a machine. Other options would be better!"
"HNL-SFO. Self-service check-in quick although not enough personnel to help through the relatively complex system. Bags are weighed and you even self-tag the bags before dropping it off. Potentially efficient but the communication needs to be better. However the extra charges are ridiculous on Hawaiian. Check in per bag at $70 movies at $12 extra legroom seats at $70 again. I know American carriers practice ala carte pricing but Hawaiian's charges are more then other carriers. The so-called trumpeted meal service was a few bland pieces of chicken with rice an aged salad and a piece of chocolate. The final straw however was the crew. While sitting on a bulkhead seat after paying the ridiculous charges passengers were trampling on my feet to get to the other aisle. When I advised the crew they said its not their problem. Bags in SFO took ages mitigating an on-time arrival. Sorry Hawaiian but serving sub-standard complimentary food does not allow you to rip off passengers with extra charges and poor service. Next time I am bringing my own food on-board and flying Delta!"
"Returned from Honolulu to Sydney Fri 26th July. Business Class was a shambles checking in. There was no one at the desk and a queue was building. A girl finally appeared and was so slow and uninterested we asked another guy who was assisting economy people get their own baggage labels in a machine and finally he assisted us. Really disappointed after paying so much. A330 seats not very comfortable and my video machine did not work. The staff were very friendly and couldn't fault them but would not fly again with them."
"My friend and I both took our 9 month old sons to Hawaii. Staff on flight were not helpful at all. We asked if they would wash our bottles for us being our hands are tied with the babies and they pointed to the restrooms. Asked for help with our carry on we were actually turned away. Both going and back the flight and staff were not accommodating to us fellow passengers were more of a help."
"Sydney to LA LA to Las Vegas Las Vegas to Hawaii and due to fly back to Sydney tomorrow. We have had nothing but problems. We have a 1 year old and do not expect special treatment however I do expect a level of service which should come with paying the fare. We have to pay $75 extra for a bulk head seat however for all 4 flights have been unable to do this due to a technical problem which they tell us has something to do with travelling with an infant however can't tell us how to overcome this. The majority of the hostesses are rude and not helpful at all. We received no information from them in regards to seatbelt safety etc when it came to our daughter and had to ask. The last thing as a parent you want to do is inconvenience other passengers however they make flying with a child horrific as once again we are unable to book and pay for the bulk head seats through web check in. They had the cheek to tell us that the only way they could help us was for on our last day to catch a cab to the airport and check in that way. We told them it would cost us 130 dollars round trip and we couldn't with our one year old and they couldn't care less. They are a disgrace. I will never ever fly them again and if you are thinking of booking your holiday with them don't."
"SYD-HNL in April. Pretty ordinary service sarcastic staff member and were inattentive. When we needed extra blankets for all of us 2 adults and a child the crew member said they never have enough blankets and I had to go and find someone. He was uninterested and wasn't going to even look for one. My husband found a couple as the cabin was absolutely freezing. The flight was not full so having extra seats were good but the food was really ordinary too. One meal was OK but not great. Movies at a cost. We paid a good price for the ticket so was very disappointing."
"HNL to INC. Flight was not full so there were empty seats. Plane was a very old 767 that was showing its age. Run down and torn seats my table tray still had crumbs and gravy stains and my seat volume control was broken as was the overhead monitor screens. Cabin staff treated passengers like cattle. The only smiles I saw from the flight attendants were when they tandem delivered drinks and meals joking loudly with each other as if the passengers didn't matter. During the noodle service the 2 male flight attendants were in such a rush that they shoved the noodle cup in our laps even though some passengers didn't have their tray down. The service did resemble the price I paid. On the upside the meal was tasty and plentiful and the trip back from Fukuoka to HNL was completely opposite."
"LAS-HNL-ITO. It is amazing how things change over 12 months. At LAS there are too few check-in staff. Bag drop amazingly can take 30 minutes. So much for on-line check-in and printing boarding passes. On board they still have A330s with seat back screens but that is about all. The choice of viewing available without payment is pathetic. There is no longer even a snack provided for what is quite a long flight instead they want you to buy dismal snacks from the back galley. There is the walk between terminals at HNL and then a fair short flight to Hawaii. Coming back we paid for first class on the short flight. That was good. Bags flew free and Mai Tais are available. The main flight? Dire. No food screens keep trying to get money. I am through with HA. There is no difference now between HA and other carriers I will just use the best schedule at the best price."
"My wife and I flew BNE-HNL-BNE 767 just prior to Christmas and returned early January 2013. Flights were on time and staff efficient and helpful. The service side is a let down they say we are a full service airline but there is no choice with meals and very limited drinks service. The seats are reasonable for someone my size 6ft 2 but I would like better entertainment than a digiplayer. If we were planning on returning to Honolulu I would think about upgrading to business."
"OAK-OGG-KOA KOA-OGG-SJC. This was my first experience on Hawaiian and it may very well be my last. On the Maui-San Jose flight Hawaiian screened a movie featuring graphic violence on the big screen in front of a crowd that included numerous young children. Hawaiian cancelled our flight rebooked us with a ridiculous routing involving two plane changes and neglected to inform us. I only discovered this when I went on-line to check the flight time. In the process of shifting our itinerary Hawaiian messed up the seat assignments and split up our family. Correcting these mistakes cost me considerable time."
"Easily the most uncomfortable flight I have taken in the last 40 years. Seat pitch is so tight I was just barely able to hold the inflight magazine between my chest and the seatback in front of me and I am not oversized. Fortunately they are usually on time the crews are pleasant enough and bags are delivered quickly. Would never fly this carrier again if there were another way to get from HNL to the other islands. Their seating brings new meaning to the phrase cattle car."
"LAX-HNL HNL-SFO in A330s. The planes were new and clean. Soft drinks and tea/coffee are free. You also get a free meal (poor to fair quality) with a free wine to accompany it. They nickel and dime you for everything else (baggage IFE (films etc.) preferred seating). Cabin crew was efficient but not overly friendly on the outbound flight and on the return flight one member was downright surly. He didn't even look at us when handing us drinks and ignored us when we asked questions. Also took inter-island flights HNL-ITO return in B717s. Good for short flights and you get a free juice or coffee. In summary Hawaiian are good for inter-island but avoid them for long-haul flights."
"Although I am Pualani Platinum and am generally looked after on Hawaiian I have two upgrade certificates which are virtually useless as my preferred flights are booked out and being able to secure any upgrade from within the allowed window of 7 days to 4 hours of the flight is impossible. I have travelled Business on several occasions between Sydney and Honolulu during 2011-12 and although there has been an introduction of new aircraft of late previous flights have been on old planes with tray tables faulty on two occasions. Seats are also not very comfortable in Business although are better than Economy where space between is very tight especially with tray table down and the seat in front reclined. On 6 September 2012 I did Honolulu-JFK on HA50 at least ending up in a pre-booked window seat in row 13. Overall it was very ordinary if adequate without anything terribly exciting. Arrival at JFK was good in what potentially is a nightmare airport."
"It feels like Hawaiian Airlines is becoming more like Delta and United with their very late flights. I've had my fair share of flights amongst the mentioned airlines. I never thought I'd even be comparing the three airlines. Third time in a row my flight is leaving more than an hour late. This last time Hawaiian boarded us then told us to get off because they needed to refuel. We were told we'd leave in two hours. Five hours later they board us again then tell us they still need to refuel. I forgot to mention they were kind enough to reimburse us with poor head sets."
"We flew from Sydney to Las Vegas via Hawaii and return. We decided to treat ourselves to First class both ways which ended up a little disappointing to say the least. The seats did not recline very far (about the same recline as Qantas economy) and the food going over was just plonked in front of us in one hit. At least the staff coming back had a better idea of serving food. I have food allergies (which I notified the airlines of when we booked) and they said they'll see what they can do - all I can say was I was hungry when I arrived except for the food I took with me! Also the inflight entertainment was the same on all four legs so I was wishing I had brought a good book with me. The positives were the staff were friendly drink service was great and they boarded us quickly."
"HNL-FUK-HNL on 767. Excellent fare to/from Seoul when connecting in Fukuoka - almost half-price of non- stop. Average experience does not come close to Asiana. No in-seat entertainment no choice of meals and what was served was mediocre cabin attendants disappear for a long time very little communication from pilots. Of four possible aisle seats three have a box underneath that limits foot comfort-choose G to avoid box. In 3-seat middle section I was put with couple and their baby luckily well-behaved but 4 people in 3 seats not acceptable. On-time and smooth connection in Fukuoka to avoid customs. Overall acceptable but cabin service on 9-hour flight not up to standards of airlines based in Asia."
"Check in at Kansai A/P (Japan) is dysfunctional. I had bought round trip tickets state side for travel from SFO to Kansai due to personal circumstances I ended up buying the trip in 2 segments (for the same day). The first from SFO to Honolulu with a connecting Hawaiian flight to Kansai with similar routing on the return. I was assured I would be able to route my baggage through from SFO to Kansai and visa versa (i.e. without having to pickup and recheck in Honolulu). The agents at SFO were able to do this but the Japanese agent at Kansai insisted that Hawaiian required all baggage picked up at Honolulu with passenger responsibility to recheck bags for continuation flight to SFO. Of course this created undue/unnecessary passenger burden! Bottom line Hawaiian needs to improve training of the Japanese agents they hire for check in at Kansai. I will never take Hawaiian for travel outside the states again!"
"Flew from Honolulu to Maui on Hawaiian Airlines because of my executive platinum status on AA. With my status we thought that it would give us preferred boarding and no checked bag fees - wrong! I stepped into the \"Premier\" line to see if we could get on an earlier flight as we were at the airport ahead of schedule. The woman behind the counter rudely told me to get into the other line (no one behind me BTW) because my status on AA \"didn't matter\" to Hawaiian Airlines even though they were a codeshare partner. I stepped in the other line only to get right back to the same person five minutes later. I asked if we could standby for the earlier flight and she proceeded to charge us $50 per person. For a thirty minute flight with open seats? Decided against that and was rudely reminded that we would still have to pay baggage check fees because they didn't care about our status with AA. Her tone was so rude that I asked to speak to a supervisor who came out and proceeded to complain about AA. I will avoid Hawaiian Airlines at all costs and fly one of the other commuter airlines with better service and lower costs."
"We were married in Maui. Our outbound was very good. On our return flight to Vegas we had a medical stop in Oakland. When we landed some passengers got new flights and hotels to stay in two groups were connecting on Southwest however the customer service desk said they don't work with Southwest so they had to find their own accommodation. In the meantime I got a new flight on my own and I gave a staff member the numbers to our new flights to add our luggage to. He promised it would be there then he left without telling us anything. We slept in the airport until the next morning where we flew out. Our luggage was not on the flight with us."
"Honolulu to Maui. Tried to leave on an earlier flight that was not even half full. Arrived at the airport early for that flight only to find out they wanted to charge me extra to change times. Why? Especially on a commuter flight with no meals being served. Very disappointed at the service."
"SYD to Honolulu return. Plane was an older 767 but had been refreshed inside and looks more like a 777. Check-in in Sydney was hassle free. Flight over was fine but seats were a bit uncomfortable. Meals were ok but service was average. Didn't really see attendants that much. No inseat entertainment. you can rent portable DVD style players though. Cabin crew ran out of customs forms so you had to wait to land before these could be filled out which caused a delay at customs. On the way return again check in was hassle free and better than in SYD. All the portable DVD players were gone by the time they got to me. Flight attendants were very nice but rarely seen. All the toilets in the rear of the plan were not working about 6 hours into the flight so a bit of a wait for the other toilets. All in all it was ok."
"Sydney to Honolulu with an 8 month old. Never again. No bassinet available on both legs despite reservation. Crew very unhelpful and not interested in assisting us with details of baby change toilet or heating bottles etc. Food was terrible and service not at all satisfactory. I will not fly this airline again. Have flown extensively with my child since he was born both internationally and domestically and Hawaiian certainly takes the cake for being our worst experience."
"We used Hawaiian because they had a direct flight. After we booked it was changed to a flight with a layover. Once onboard the flight crew made my wife (then the bride) to roll her wedding dress up and wedge it between luggage in the overhead bin. Flight attendants we very short tempered with us seemed stressed and overall very unpleasant. Our video player stopped working when we got a replacement the audio and video did not match up. The seat tray was covered with dried food when I asked for a cloth to clean it the flight attendant sighed and turned around without answering."
"Flew 767-300 Sydney to Hawaii first class. Very uncomfortable broken seats that didn't even recline properly. Terrible food average service. No dinner served and no snacks over an 11 hour flight. Worst airport lounges. Whole experience was dreadfully. Never again!"
"SFO-HNL. Emergency return to SFO 16 hours total delay due A330 computer glitch. Flight crew very good but once on ground things began well and then fell apart. After lunch vouchers and evening hotel rooms for a few they had us all return at 10 pm for a 1 am flight on a different A330. We got to HNL at 4.46 am instead of noon the day before and got $300 vouchers good only on new reservations on Hawaiian for one year."
"Las Vegas from Sydney via Honolulu return. Food was terrible. They had my husband and I sitting separately - despite the fact this happened last time and I went overboard asking for it not to happen again - 4 flights sitting separately. The seats were awfully uncomfortable. General lack of 'couldn't care' by staff. Even when I said I didn't feel well and asked for water they never came back."
"LAX-HNL on Airbus A330. Flight was delayed 35 minutes. At first it was announced that the flight was delayed due to TSA requirements. Then it was announced the delay was due to scheduling problems. Boarding commenced shortly after the missing flight attendant arrived. The economy cabin was very cramped. The seat was simply uncomfortable even for a 5 hour flight. The seat was hard and narrow with poor leg room. The IFE system had a decent variety but required a fee (so make sure you have your credit card on hand) though on a full service airline this should be complimentary. Refreshments were served. Breakfast was served shortly after but consisted of a disgusting breakfast burrito and sugary bun with no other options. No complimentary refreshments were available for the remaining 3.5 hours of the flight. The flight attendants were well mannered but unprofessional. The flight concluded with the managing flight attendant listing all of the routes that Hawaiian Airlines services and will service in the future and instructing all passengers to recommend Hawaiian Airlines to all of our family and friends."
"Wife and I flew San Jose to Maui via Honolulu. Same route on our return. I found the staff to be pleasant and accommodating. The food offered was ok but we did not expect much more. My complaint was with the airplane seat. I am 64 and 205lbs. The seats were so uncomfortable with no leg room. Despite getting up and walking around a bit it was torturous having to return to my seat. On our next trip I may pony up for a First Class seat  the continued pain is just not worth it."
"We fly Hawaiian because it is the only non-stop from HNL to San Diego. Flight from HNL to SD on 767 had incredibly little legroom I'm only 5'5\" and couldn't get my legs under the seat in front due to some metal box affixed to floor. FA's were okay."
"Honolulu to San Francisco. Outbound food which you have to buy onboard was expensive and limited. The return flight was delayed by at least 10 hours and we decided to book ourselves onto another airline. Staff did not know which reception point would have our bags; we then had to find our way out of the building to another terminal and check-in again paying a further $50 for our two suitcases. The check-in arrangements at Honolulu are poor - too few people handling the check-in for Economy Class."
"Sydney to Honolulu return. I have really only one complaint because Australia and Perth in particular is so far away the time spent sitting in one spot for over 12-15 hrs is hard enough without the seating and general facilities being less than user friendly. Return flight from Honolulu to Sydney was very cramped (leg room) and there was a lot less overhead baggage space than the flight to Honolulu. This made the experience more uncomfortable than it could have been."
"Honolulu to Hilo on a Boeing 717. The flight was very average. Check-in was a mess. Had to wait in line for a machine and when you checked in your bags you needed to wait for someone who works for Hawaiian to come. The service was average they come around with juice during flight. You barely even new there were FA's. Overall I didn't expect much and I didn't get much."
"From check-in to arrival nothing went right from HNL to LAX. Our carry-ons were acceptable on the way from LAX-HNL and not on the return. We were warned I would be removed from the flight if I refused to check-in baggage. The flight from HNL-LAX departed 30 mins later than scheduled. The flight attendant threw my sandwich in my lap. The night crew from HNL to LAX were not friendly with no smile from a single crew member. The plane was very old (767). My husbands seat had a metal piece sticking out between the backrest and the seat. Bring your own headset or portable DVD if you want technology. Our flight from LAX to HNL was delayed and we sat on the plane for more than 1.5 hrs. I would not recommend Hawaiian airlines you get what you pay for."
"Sydney-Honolulu return. Upon check-in at Sydney advised that we were split up. Food was only one option. Planes old with no in seat entertainment unless you pay $15USD for a portable unit."
"Manila-Seattle via Honolulu and return with an additional stopover in Maui. Flights were labelled as Business Class (MNL-HNL) and First Class (HNL-SEA) though in fact there is no difference in cabin or service. All flights were on Hawaiian's elderly 767's. Do not be fooled by the winglets (which HA added to save fuel) these are old planes with interiors to match. Also do not for a moment think you will be getting anything like a Business or First Class product on a first tier airline this would be a mediocre Premium Economy product at best. The seat I would guesstimate the pitch to be around 38-40\" with limited recline and in a 2-2-2 layout with only 3 rows. I am 6ft 5\" and sat in 1B for all sectors this bulkhead seat has the advantage that you don't have someone reclining their head into your lap but the leg space is woefully inadequate. I had to sit at an angle with my feet into the forward galley to get at all comfortable. The AV comprised personal players that were handed out with a limited range of films and TV shows pre-loaded. Unfortunately this was the same content for all 4 long haul flights and by the end of the first flight I had already watched all that interested me. It was also awkward to use these during the meal service as there was basically nowhere to put them. Food was adequate although dry and uninspiring. The \"champagne\" served on take off was in fact a fairly unpleasant Prosecco and the single white wine choice with the meal was probably a hazard to the aircraft paintwork if you spilled any. As with all airplane travel the quality of the experience is relative to the price you have paid. Clearly Hawaiian are used to people upgrading into this cabin either as a frequent flyer freebie or as a $1-200 add on to the regular ticket price in which case possibly its worth it but probably not."
"LAX-HNL A330 a nice new plane but very disappointing experience. Carry-on baggage size limit not enforced making those of us who paid the $25 feel like fools. Boarding time on boarding pass 45 mins ahead but boarding does not begin until 30 mins before (happened on another HA flight so assume that Hawaiian thinks passengers too stupid to get there on time) causing uncomfortable wait in undersized departure lounge. The inflight \"meal\" they boast about is a tasteless ham and cheese sandwich with a brownie served in a cardboard box- a \"snack\" at best. Flight attendants not friendly lacking any Aloha spirit. Had hoped that Hawaiian would be better."
"HNL-SYD. Travelling with 4 young children and wife. Departure delayed by 2 hrs. Nice new 767 but no personal AVOD. Could not get infant seat belt for 1 yr old despite repeated request. My wife was quite worried as this has always been available when needed. Staff seemed uninterested almost unhelpful and sometimes rude. Kept to themselves gossiping in the back of the plane. Food was ok. Toilets started to break down half way through the 10 hr flight. 3 hrs out of SYD no toilets were working! A cabin announcement was made advising that passengers should refrain from using toilets especially depositing \"solids\". Captain advised on landing that he considered landing in Fiji but by the time pax would be deplaned it would have been about the same time to reach a working toilet. Sometimes things go wrong which is understandable but cabin crew were very poor. A memorable experience!"
"I am not a fussy person but I really thought this was the worst service I have ever had on an airline. Both ground staff and cabin crew were rude to me on a number of occasions about the fact that I am diabetic. I was given a hard time about my need to carry \"sharps\" with me even though I offered to hand them over to the cabin crew. The food wasn't very good and there were only 2 choices of meals. One was totally unsuitable for a diabetic so I asked if I could have the alternative choice reserved for me. They refused and I got stuck with the unsuitable food (because they ran out of the other choice) on each leg of my journey. My requests re the food and carrying my diabetic supplies were quite reasonable and I made them in a very polite manner and yet I was treated like a real trouble-maker. This was not what I expected from Hawaiians who I know to be very hospitable people. A huge disappointment and I would not fly willingly with them again."
"Seats cramped - even for 5'6\" and 140 lbs and the equipment is ancient. Mine had bilingual German/English everywhere. They charge for everything almost. Want to use a headset -you pay. Want to use your own headset to watch the movie - you pay. Don't want the mystery meat sandwich - you pay ($12 for a hamburger that would be like a buck at Mac's). You want overhead room - get on board first and expect no help from the cabin attendants standing around talking about their personal lives with one another. You want to rent a DVD player. Maybe you can maybe you cannot. They had the players but forgot to bring batteries on board. Hawaiian is like a poor man's Southwest. Unless the fare you get is way below the competition I cannot see why you would fly with them."
"Portland to Lihue return with change of planes in Honolulu both ways. No real problems until we arrived home to find our camera was stolen out of our checked baggage."
"Phoenix to Oahu on Hawaiian and on return flight had a 4 hour delay due to a mechanical problem on plane. The food was awful and even the food they charged for looked awful. The positive was that staff were friendly."
"Honolulu to Sydney. Worst service of any airline I have flown. I am a vegetarian did not have an option for me except a few bags of chips. When asked for a can of coke they said they were nearly out and could only give us a cup. Cabin staff unhelpful and not friendly."
"SYD-HNL flight was great and seating comfortable. HNL to SYD was full and extremely uncomfortable. I was seated next to a young fat boy I paid for my seat and feel entitled to the whole seat I paid for. When an airlines allocates seat they should be aware of the size of the person. I'm petite and fit comfortably in a seat but when an oversized person is put beside be that takes 1/4 of my seat. When I complained the hostess said 'sorry we are fully booked'."
"Honolulu to Lihue return. Going out the plane was full service was efficient and friendly. Coming back I flew standby but was told in advance that there many seats on the plane and that I would have no problem getting on. When I arrived the plane was full and the ground agent did not give me a boarding pass until the plane was fully boarded. She had me running to get on the plane even though she was fully aware of the vacant seat and she could have given it to me minutes earlier. When I boarded the plane the flight attendant approached me and told me they were all waiting for me and that I needed to hurry up!"
"LAX-HNL. The aircraft was downgraded from a new A330 to a well worn 767. Most of the FAs were helpful and did their best in the cramped and crowded aisles. A problem with the galley ovens meant there would be no hot meals served. Those of us seated up front were served cold and tasteless appetizers and nothing more. This was truly not Hawaiian Airlines at its best and not worth the $349 upgrade paid prior to boarding."
"SYD-HNL-SYD with connecting flights to the Big Island. Check-in at Sydney was efficient and in the air service was good. Food wasn't but my expectations were not high given the price of the ticket. Connecting flight to Kona and return went without a hitch but the return leg to Sydney was a nightmare. Had to queue for 40 minutes to check-in at Honolulu and though we boarded on time departure was delayed 45 minutes to due \"flight path\" issues we were told. Turns out the plane was overloaded and they removed some of the baggage including ours which they obviously knew about at Honolulu but didn't tell us. If they had we could have made our connecting flight at Sydney. Instead we were left to flounder at the carousel missed our flight and had to spend a night in Sydney along with maybe 50 others. Hawaiian paid for the hotel (20 km from the airport) and baggage arrived three days later but I won't be flying with them again if I have a choice."
"Disappointed that on a short flight between Honolulu and Maui we were charged 20 dollars a piece for two small bags that could have been carried on but for the fact we had to bring articles not allowed in the carry-on bags in the cabin. We will be charged the same to return - this is very cheap and I feel this airline is nickel and diming customers given the already high fares charged for inter island flights."
"HNL to LAX on Boeing 767. I booked a window seat but for reason that I can't understand (my english was poor!) the staff asked me to seat in the middle seat of main line of seats with two fat men on each side of me. It was terrible They pressured me all time I was sleepy the flight was full and I had nowhere to move to."
"SFO-HNL. Boarding procedure seemed a bit haphazard and gate area became crowded but eventually everyone boarded the plane. Gate staff friendly as were flight attendants. Premium meal offered both ways - this is a cashless airline so you need a credit card to pay for this. We were directed at SFO to use the self service check in but were advised not to do this or use online check in as we are international pax. As we are from the UK we did not have to pay any baggage fees to and from the Mainland (had to show check in staff our flight details from the UK). Hawaiian Airlines website unbelievably does not as yet have the ability to process applications from passengers in the UK so we used their UK based agent to book our flights. Flight back to SFO ten days later left late due to potential problem with aircraft (rectified on the ground). Hand baggage was weighed at check in at Honolulu but not at SFO."
"Flight crowded but ok. However very dissatisfied with Hawaiian Airlines baggage policy. If you are flying with them multiple times you have to wait 24 hours before each flight to prepay to save $2 that that offer for prepaying. So with 8 people traveling from New England to Hawaii not only are we not allowed one lousy piece of luggage but we can't even prepay unless we track down a computer in California and on each island that we visit because you are not allowed to call in to pay or to do it earlier than 24 hours. Our Luggage bill for each person to bring 1 piece of luggage adds up to $528. How ridiculous!"
"Check-In was ok and that's about it. The crew were your typical US carrier and everyone was just a pain to them. They threw the meal bag and any request for a drink was treated with a grunt. They sat in the rear galley for the rest of the flight."
"Sydney to Honolulu flight was most uncomfortable seating. Temperature in the cabin was extremely warm and unbearable. On our return flight a more comfortable trip seating wise but the cabin was extremely cold throughout the 10 hour flight. Even the thin blankets supplied did not do us any good. Everyone was dragging out extra jackets to put on. The aircraft also left from the domestic terminal and we were unable to take advantage of buying duty free there because no one told us prior that once we booked in we couldn't get to the International Terminal to purchase goods. All international flights should leave from the International Terminal."
"Honolulu to Manila. They made us wait for hours outside the boarding area by the hallway with no seats- in Honolulu. They only let us in the boarding area room when it was time for us to board the plane. In Manila they only have 3-people checking in. It took me 2.5 hours to get checked in. There were a lot of empty seats at the back and they would not let any of us transfer since they are all reserved for their attendants - one whole row for each attendant. It doesn't make any sense - we were all cramped in the forward cabin and every time I use the bathrooms at the back - these reserved seats were not used by the attendants. I overheard the attendants congregating at the back making fun of the Filipino passengers - they copied their strong accents and made fun of their requests. I thought that this was so unprofessional. I guess because the fare is cheaper you get cheaper service. The only thing I like about the flight is its direct flight - the schedule is so convenient. Food is average nothing special."
"SJC-HNL-LIH. I booked our flight 3 months in advance - only to find a month later that the company offered a Hawaiian Plus fare for $200 per ticket cheaper than the ones I had purchased. This Plus fare included 2 free checked bags as well! The Hawaiian Plus fare was not even offered at the time I made the reservation. The checked baggage for our trip will cost an additional $100! When talking to customer service and asking that our bag fee be waived I was told by the service representative and supervisor that they could not do this. It is amazing that the two service representative did not recognize how the airline \"Policy\" makes little sense. Future travel on this airline is highly doubtful. The trip was to celebrate my wife 50th birthday and all I can do cross my fingers and hope the rest of the experience with Hawaii will be positive."
