"x"
"Verified Review | On time flight Honolulu-Sydney with Hawaiian Airlines. Crew were friendly and efficient enough. Beverage supply was very good as were the meals albeit of the smaller size. Aircraft was in good condition and appeared to be of the newer A330 kind, however, the fact that the screen is fixed to the seat back in front makes for difficult viewing if the person in front reclines."
"Verified Review | Flew Hilo to Lihue via Honolulu. This trip was two very short flights, less than an hour in the air total, but Hawaiian left me with a good impression. The seats and plane interiors are nothing special, but for flights this short it doesn't matter - I've flown long haul with them and on those flights they're great. On this trip, despite checking in all the way to Lihue, for some reason my bag was only checked to Honolulu. I wasn't told this when checking in, so I arrived at Lihue to find my bag hadn't come with me. This was annoying, but the way Hawaiian handled it couldn't have been better. I was on the last flight for the night, but when I rang at 8am the next morning, my bag had already arrived. Then, a couple of days later, I noticed the fee I had paid for checked luggage refunded to my bank account, without me even asking. Every company makes mistakes sometimes, but if they all handled them like Hawaiian did, the world would be a much nicer place."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Maui with Hawaiian Airlines. Happy to see a big improvement in the front cabin after a few years of decline. The newly designed cabin is randomly available on domestic routes, always available on certain routes and will be a standard in the next year. Although it seems like they spent as little as they could. Entertainment is via a large iPad attached to a pole that pulls out like a tray table. Odd but it's fine. The meal was quite good for domestic first class as well. The strength, when it is there is their bright light that can shine from Hawaiian people. Both attendants today were in the most Hawaiian way, gracious warm and great at their job. I hope it's a trend. Seats and entertainment matter but Hawaiians strength is in their hospitality. When it works, it's world class. When it's off you notice the less then great cabin. One more thing and it's big. No Wi-Fi and no plans. Big mistake, bad calculation on their part."
"Verified Review | I recently flew from Oakland to Honolulu and had the best flying experience ever! I give 100% credit to an amazing Flight Attendant. When we first got seated, there was a gentlemen who had taken a seat that was reserved for another customer. The gentlemen wanted to sit closer to his family who was in the middle isle but the customer who purchased a seat on the isle did so because she was breast feeding and had to pump during the flight and wanted easy access to and from the bathroom. The gentlemen sat in her seat and rudely wouldn't move. The FA noticed what had happened and did an amazing job resolving the situation for the customer who rightfully purchased her seat for accessibility. She did so in a very professional manner. Later in the flight the same FA asked if my wife and I had been to Hawaii before and we shared that this was our first trip. We explained that we had been trying to go for 18 years. We asked her for local recommendations and she later came back with a personal list that she created which today we spent the day visiting many of the destinations she recommended and candidly made our trip the best trip ever. As a Director of Sales for a large organization, I am constantly working with my staff to focus on the customer and deliver awesome customer experiences. Today, this FA made my wife and I huge promoters of Hawaiian Airlines. She went above and beyond to serve customers and did an awesome job doing so!"
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Hawaiian Airlines so I was very excited. It was a short, inter-island flight from Honolulu to Kahului. We departed on time and were in the air for only about 15 minutes. This meant that their was no in-flight entertainment but that was expected and it didn't pose any kind of problem because the view outside the window was enough entertainment for me! The flight was most enjoyable. The cabin crew was very kind and friendly. They passed out water or juice but also took requests from passengers if they wanted a different beverage. They also handed out a travel guide of Maui with a map and a list of activities to do. I had never experienced this on another airline so this was very touching. Landing was very smooth despite the wind and turbulence. I was very impressed! This was very good experience and if I ever return to Hawaii I would definitely fly them again!"
"Verified Review | Flew on Hawaiian Airlines flight HA897 from Honolulu to Beijing. I was very touched by the ground staff service. I am Chinese national (currently studying in Singapore) and my passport was stolen in Hilo. It was urgent to get back to China, get my new passport done before returning to Singapore, in order not to miss so lessons. However, there is no Chinese embassy in Hawaii. HA understood my special case scenario and allowed me to fly back to China without the original passport. In the airport, the HA ground staff as well as HNL airport ground staff were very kind and found a way to help. They took the initiative to contact the immigration checkpoint in both USA and China, they tried their best to let me board the aircraft. I was anxious about it and they consoled me and told me I would be fine. I managed to get back to China safe and sound. I'm was very impressed by the kind service attitude, otherwise, I would have to opt for a more troublesome way which is to fly 5 hours to LAX and visit the embassy there."
"Verified Review | Inter island flight from Honolulu to Hilo. This rather short flight is operated by a 20-year-old Boeing 717. The aircraft was old and there were no personal IFEs, but the seats were more comfortable than what I imagined. Only drinks were served on this short flight. But overall the experience was not bad, the check in, boarding process was smooth and the cabin crews were very helpful. HA offers 14 flights a day on this route. I recommend Hawaiian Airlines, especially to day trippers. As you can book a package tour, which gives you a one day return ticket from Honolulu and you can tour the volcano national park in Hilo."
"Loa Angeles to Sydney return via Honolulu. Efficient check-in and boarding. On-time departures and arrivals. Generally clean cabin and okay bathroom condition. Forced viewing of commercials Economy class food of child-size portion and poor quality; no choice for entrée; no tomato juice; breakfast verges on inedible. Long gap between dinner and breakfast on a 10-hour flight. Frequent announcements to promote transactions (snacks; credit card; duty-free, etc.). Very limited viewing selections which are exactly the same on every one of the four flights that I took. Aisle seats on the two sides have reduced leg rooms due to a power strip that runs under those seats."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Sydney. Good functional airline to take you from point A to point B. Service was adequate but not to the same standards as Singapore Airlines, Emirates or Qantas. The food provided was minimal with just a chicken/rice dish option and a sandwich just prior to landing. Check-in was functional."
"Verified Review | Sydney to Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines. Flight HA451 seat 29J on a 1 year old Airbus A330-200 aircraft. Being an international flight your ticket price includes baggage, pre seat assignment, meals dinner and breakfast, drinks, entertainment, blanket, pillow and amenity kit with head phones. The seats have the usual economy class legroom and width which was okay for the 10 hour flight. The entertainment screens in the back of the seat were a nice size on the newer aircraft. Main streams movie choice is limited and somewhat dated but you can find easily find something to watch. Cabin service was friendly and efficient. There are 9 cabin crew on the aircraft which is less than Qantas so you do notice a slower response time to requests as the crew are busy. Meals were really nice, no choice but that was fine and really tasty. The tray was full with a salad, cheese and crackers and chocolate. Pictures below are of dinner and breakfast box. Drinks and then dinner service was right after takeoff while breakfast was 1.5 hours prior to landing. Maybe a little bit too long considering when dinner was served. Snacks can be purchased between meals. Overall a good flight and airline."
"Verified Review | Our check-in process with Hawaiian Airlines was very easy. Had no trouble. We had decided to fly into Los Angeles to catch our first flight experience on Hawaiian. I've had awful experiences on American, Delta, and former US Airways. All were awful and had heard about the incredible flights with Hawaiian. Our needs were met and we were comfortable waiting for our 1.00pm departure to Maui. The flight was quite smooth. Quiet and comfortable. Our inflight meal was excellent. We were not expecting a meal service due to our previous experience with other US carriers. The crew and pilots were attentive and courteous. We had a very pleasant experience and vowed to never fly anyone else out to the islands. Hawaiian will have our business from this point onward. We only wish they flew in Texas where we can hop and enjoy a longer ride with Hawaiian."
"Verified Review | Flight from Honolulu to Los Angeles with Hawaiian Airlines. Departure with some delay, but the plane was very clean and the seat was comfortable. Cabin crew always available and nice. Food was average. Only problem was the Inflight entertainment which was only available if you paid for it."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Sydney and return Brisbane to Honolulu on Hawaiian Airlines. Both flights were on time. The cabin crew was somewhat friendly, seats were comfortable and the entertainment was good (AVOD with dozens of movies). The major let down was the food. The main meal on the HNL-SYD flight, served shortly after take-off and the only option (no choices), consisted of some overly sweet chicken dish and was barely edible. At the end of the flight to SYD we were served 2 sandwiches which tasted ok, certainly better than the first meal. On the overnight return segment BNE-HNL we only got a pack of mystery meat sandwiches which were truly disgusting plus some ok single-choice breakfast before landing. Additional snacks were available on the flights but had to be purchased. Hawaiian Airlines could be a great airline if they just got the food right. I flew on a really cheap ticket so I can't really complain but if I had to pay the regular price I'd rather fly another airline with similar prices."
"A long flight from New York JFK to Honolulu made less tedious by excellent, friendly service. Regular cabin offers of water, very important on such a long flight and with a smile. The \"extra comfort\" seat is not really premium economy, but offers extra legroom; that and power is really the only benefit. Three criticisms: Hawaiian makes much of the fact that it's the only US airline still offering comp food, true, but not great quality. The seat-belt sign was turned on at the slightest bump, then left on way, way after any turbulence was way behind us. Cockpit crew need reminding to turn off the sign. Excellent selection of classics and new movies, TV etc on the IFE, but touch screen not responsive (no other controller) and in-flight earphones a rip-off. Hawaiian should make it clearer that pax should bring their own."
"Economy from Papeete to Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines. Not impressed with Hawaiian's service on this medium-haul, international red-eye flight. Limited inflight entertainment was available for purchase. Dinner consisted of a small sandwich and a cookie. There was no meal choice, so those with dietary restrictions were out of luck (myself included). I was also surprised that no breakfast was offered prior to landing in Honolulu. Of course, there were also no amenity kits. Flight attendants were approachable, but they were definitely not polished professionals."
"New York JFK to Honolulu with Hawaiian Airlines, who are slightly above average for an American carrier, but far from a five star carrier. All flights on-time, staff were approachable, and the planes were clean. Unfortunately, there were no free films or games available on the long-haul flight. The airline boasts about being the only US carrier to offer free meals on domestic flights, but the food was pathetic. I've had better food on short-haul flight within Asia. There's also no meal choice, so you're out of luck if you can't eat what they offer."
"I flew this terrible 767 aircraft from San Jose to Honolulu. As I live in Hawaii I have no choice but to fly with Hawaiian Airlines. My whole family is Pualani gold. We only fly hawaiian Airlines and United. This is one of our first time flying the old 767 since the fleet got pretty much replaced by the A330. It was acceptable. The cabin was old and the food was not that great. but Hawaiian struggles in their early morning meals. The iPads have never had recent covers either. And we werent able to use our membership to buy the iPads either."
"After a 5 week vacation in Australia my wife and I returned to Alaska via Hawaiian Airlines flight from Brisbane to Honolulu. Several days earlier she suffered severe sunburn on her feet, and as we were checking in the Hawaiian Airlines staff offered her a wheelchair and allowed us to board first. The A330-200 was clean, aromatic tropical scent in the cabin air, nice island music was playing and they had mood lighting. The flight attendants went above and beyond to assist us. The inflight entertainment was free, food was hot. Seats were over the wing right side, 27H/J it was a 2-4-2 configuration. Though they were economy there plenty of leg room, but aisles are narrow though. Upon arrival in Honolulu were were escorted through all checkpoints and ferried to baggage clain by a valet. I cannot praise enough the Hawaiian staff."
"I flew Hawaiian Airlines from Los Angeles to Kahului return on a week-long Hawaiian holiday with my wife, our 2 young sons and my parents. We booked our seats in what HA calls \"premium economy\" which is actually the same seating as economy but with more legroom, priority boarding and complimentary meal service. We booked a centre row (4 abreast) and a window row (2 abreast) at a fare that was significantly less than that of the competition's premium economy fares. The aircraft on the outbound sector was a 3 year-old A330-200 that was clean and in good condition, and the inbound sector was a 4.5 year-old A330-200 that was in equally good condition. Each seat has its own IFE monitor with a decent array of programmes. The food is actually not bad, and excellent by airline food standards. The service was also outstanding - Hawaiian and Virgin America have by far the friendliest and most efficient cabin service, not at all like that of the unionised drones that work Delta, American and United. Both flights were on time. If you're flying to/from Hawaii, Hawaiian Airlines is definitely your best choice."
"We have travelled 14 times to honolulu and beyond with Hawaiian Airlines and every trip has been fantastic. We are regular travellers to Europe and the US and have flown with some good and bad airlines and have to say Hawaiian Airlines are our favourite to fly with."
"We found Hawaiian Airlines decent in the air but terrible ground service before and during our trip. The website is archaic in that you cannot book a child online, we had to ring and book our 3 year old who was then on a separate booking code etc which made checking in, changing seats etc a pain (Hawaiian sat him in different areas of the plane to us despite being a minor). Website advises you can book a bassinet for babies, however upon calling up you discover its an extra $140 each way for the privilege. Website does not state this! Ground staff in Honolulu were atrocious and getting any assistance with our complicated check in (kids, kid stuff, separate booking numbers, through ticket to Lihue etc etc) was like pulling teeth and we only got assistance when i turned on the tears (and we are experienced travellers, never have I encountered such useless customer service staff). Our bags then miss the flight but they did turn up on the next one. In the air we were quite happy. Brisbane to Honolulu return in the A330. Flight crew were helpful, accommodating with the baby and 3 year old, nice comfort kit provided as well as pillows and blankets, regular drink runs, food not terrible, plane clean, eat back entertainment free and with a decent veriety, good luggage allowance, flights on time. Honolulu to Lihue and return is a quick flight, they give you a beverage. All in all I would fly them again for the right price, as in the air they were fine. Just dont try to get any assistance out of them before or during your trip!"
"San Diego to Honolulu and I like Hawaiin Airlines. I have now flown with them twice. I like how the captain of the flight tells you over the intercom what islands you are flying over and other information. The seats are comfortable and the flight attendants are okay. I am happy to get to my destination safely and relaxed."
"Sydney to Hilo via Honolulu on Hawaiian Airlines in Business class. I was met with friendly faces and enjoyed the flight cocktails which flowed freely. The meals were also great. I have been using Hawaiian for 12 years and it's the crews that keep me loyal, they are caring and professional. The ground staff bend over backwards to make sure I receive the status benefits."
"First trip with Hawaiian Airlines. Online check-in was user friendly and bag drop at LAX was quick. The Hawaiian lounge in LAX is pretty awful, like a dated living room from the 80s (the lounge attendant told us it was due to close the following day). In the end we used Priority Pass to use the Air Canada Maple Leaf lounge which was great. Boarding was orderly and quick. The first class cabin is quite small and seems to take up about half of the space between the first and second set of cabin doors. The first class seat was comfortable but basic, reasonable width and legroom but not lie flat and for a tall guy it was not easy to get into a comfortable lying position. So although on a modern aircraft the seat felt straight out of the 80s again. The IFE was excellent, good choice and on demand with a decent size screen. What stood out about this flight was the cabin crew. We had a Los Angeles based crew with two crew working in the first class cabin. They were professional, friendly, warm and offered a great service. There were regular services and offers of drink top ups. Hawaiian could be a really great airline if they upgraded the first class seating and offered better lounges."
"Once again Hawaiian proves that economy class passengers can be treated well and comfortably. We paid for \"extra comfort\" seats on the Honolulu-Las Vegas leg both ways. For $70 each, each way, we got tremendous leg room and the 2+4+2 seating allowed my wife and I to have our own aisle and window row. Nice complimentary meals were served each way, along with a small glass or wine or mai tai. As to value, our two roundtrip tickets costs about $2000 and that was with a 50% discount on one fare due to their credit card. (You don't get a 50% discount on the $140 extra comfort seat upcharge for the roundtrip). We were willing to pay this for very comfortable flights at the more popular times. We did not look to see if we could have saved money by being cramped on an ultra low cost carrier, not did we check out the prices on the legacy airline competitors. Hawaiian has convinced us that they deliver a pleasant economy class experience which is becoming very unusual these days."
"Flight operated by Ohana for Hawaiian. Thirty five minute flight from KIA to OGG. Aircraft clean and tidy drinks offered en route. Being a small commuter plane very cramped but not a problem on such a short flight. Departed and arrived on time, no complaints."
"Much the same as the outward flight, same operator Ohana and aircraft a turbo prop ATR. Had problems at the gate with our booking for this one but sorted by friendly gate staff. Thirty five minute flight back to Kona all normal arrived early. No complaints."
"Flight was excellent, online check-in easy but bag drop off took a while as the first class line was slower then economy lines. No express line at security but didn't take long. Food was nice as was the bloody Mary's for the morning flight, crew always helpful and attentive. On landing in Honolulu we were advised there was no gate for us and we would need to wait 10-15 minutes, no problem as I had over an hour to make my connection. An hour later we were still on the plane sitting on Tarmac, everybody advised the crew of connecting flights, the crew announced that we would be rescedualed as they would not hold our connections. After an hour they found a gate for us. I ran and they had held the Hilo flight, the crew at that gate said they did not know that the Vegas flight was delayed so they waiting for the rest of the Vegas passengers, well done to the ground crew at inter island terminal. Honolulu is expanding to fast to keep up with infrastructure."
"Flying Hawaiians seasonal non stop was a pleasure. Comfortable seating, warm service and good food were the highlights of a pleasant comfortable experience. Nothing to add but a hearty recommendation. I actually prefer the older 767s over the newer A330's. Even the luggage was delivered in a timely manner."
"We have flown Hawaiian airlines about 8 times, and it has been satisfying every time. The service is very good, the seat is comfortable (especially the pillows), the food is pretty good and the legroom is comfortable. We fly this airline about once every two years, and it's been very satisfying. They are kid friendly too."
"AKL-HNL on a modern A330 in Extra Comfort seat in 11A. An excellent option at a small cost for the 9 hr long overnight flight. Whilst the seat was the same as Economy Class and the armrest was fixed, this row is situated directly behind Business Class in a small intimate cabin at the front of the plane. The leg room was huge, improving comfort and thus the ability to get some sleep. Return HNL-AKL afternoon flight was in standard Economy seat 18A and whilst a little tight when the person in front reclined, it was perfectly adequate and comfortable. On-demand movies / TV series / games were free and it was fun to watch some Hawaii-centric shows. The touch screen was not very responsive and there was no alternative controls resulting in a lot of unnecessary \"poking\". Upon embarkation, FA's handed out amenity kits comprising eye masks, headphones, earplugs and in Extra Comfort seats additional items were included in a cute little pouch. Food and drink service was prompt after takeoff and I think relevant to the time of travel. A snack pack was offered at midnight with a breakfast before arrival then on the return a hot chicken/rice dish at late PM takeoff with a sandwich as a late supper. Much better than a curry at 3am as I have experienced on some airlines. Service friendliness and professionalism was mixed depending on which crew member attended you (as always) and the return was much better but overall more than adequate. Water was offered frequently throughout the flight. My only negative would be the temperature of the cabin - it was freezing cold! The FA's were even wearing cardigans. And the complimentary blanket smelled like it had been in a smokers zone - it was disgusting. Fortunately I had packed my own. Overall I was very impressed with the flights. It represented good value and the inclusion 2 checked bags in the fare was a bonus. I would recommend this airline for this route and will fly with them again. It's a shame Honolulu Airport is their hub - it is woeful and not a pleasant experience."
"Chaos at the airport which is more the fault of the airport administration than the airline. Though it would be nice about the need to take a shuttle to the gate and there is nothing available at gate 34 except sandwich, sweets and drinks at highly inflated prices. Impressed with the cabin crew and range of inflight entertainment - although any announcement that was made whilst I using it nearly blasted my eardrums. Not quite as cold as my earlier flight but still needed the blanket. Flight was smooth and the landing feather like."
"I don't usually fly business class, so this was a treat. The first class check-in was fantastic. The seats were only recliner, but very comfortable. I didn't need full flat anyway, as it was not overnight. Attendants were attentive and professional. Food was very good. In-flight entertainment was varied, and had some documentaries available that were very interesting."
"Check in at Brisbane was poor, the machines didn't work and there seemed to be a shortage of staff. When I finally reached the counter, the young lady was polite and helpful. The actual flight was good, except the cabin was freezing and really needed that blanket. I was involved as a helper in a medical emergency and was impressed with the care and attention given by the crew. Found the shell like seats a little hard."
"Flight from Hilo to Honolulu, new cabin, seat 5B. The new seats are perfect for the 50 min fight - lots of legroom and comfortable. Staff as normal are perfect and professional. Only negative is I could not check in online and when I called tech support line it is horrible, always has been. Very rarely can they fix problems and can often give incorrect information."
"Sydney - Honolulu - Hilo. Today I was impressed with Hawaiian econ plus seat 11G I normally travel business class but was fully booked. Staff at Sydney check in were very good typical friendly while being professional. Boarding was good business and families first then econ plus. The seat is in a row 11 just behind business and has excellent leg room it's also in a quiet 3 row section away from the main cabin. Cabin crew excellent as usual high degree of customer service. During a medical problem on board they were very professional and showed honest care for the customer. The food for econ was very hot when served constant drinks available throughout the flight. Overall very impressed. 2 negatives having to pay for lounge entry in Sydney for platinum Hawaiian when platinum velocity can get in free. Next the ground crew at the inter island terminal were nowhere even close to the flight crew in customer service skills. The short island hop was in first as a free upgrade again friendly professional crew."
"Our family of four recently flew from Brisbane to Honolulu return with Hawaiian Airlines. We found ourselves to be pleasantly surprised by the airline. All of our flights were on schedule the service from crew was very friendly and helpful. For example on one flight our daughter wasn't hungry at the time our first meal was served. Later in the flight we asked what food options were available to purchase and the flight attendant then returned with a spare full meal. I also liked the fact that the staff offered water numerous times throughout the flight and also collected rubbish at very regular intervals. More so than anything other flight I have been on and I really appreciated these small measures which add to the enjoyment of the flight. The seats were comfortable enough with sufficient leg room. Would like to see a little more variety in the entertainment offered (movie and television show wise). We found the check in process not to be completely straight forward. Both occasions on checking in the machines were not working correctly. We then had to be checked in by a staff member at the desk. Overall though I would definitely fly with Hawaiian Airlines again."
"We recently flew Hawaiian Air from Seattle to Maui and return. Return flight was delayed and we had nothing but good come from it. They were very apologetic and one of the girls at the gate did a Hula dance for us and gave volunteers lessons. I enjoyed every minute of the flight there and back and liked the A30 airbus. It was our first experience flying Hawaiian Air and we will be flying it again next year to Maui. We were alerted via email that there was a delay so got to stay by the pool for a bit longer!"
"LAX-HNL-AKL. New A330 aircraft on both legs. Seat is very comfortable and sufficient for the length of flights. (Not a sleeper seat). Crew were excellent. Food and wine choices also very good. Would definitely fly them again."
"We traveled business class return Brisbane - Honolulu on new Airbus A300 aircraft. Only two negatives were limited pitch of business class seats as did not fully lie flat and limited movie selection on in flight entertainment. Food and inflight service was excellent."
"We flew Sydney-Honolulu-Sydney. We paid for extra comfort upgrades. We sat in seats 11A and 11B on the way to Honolulu and on the way back 14H and 14J. These seats provided a great amount of legroom for what we paid. The seats themselves were the most uncomfortable seats I've flown in - very hard. The service however was good. All crew members were friendly and flights departed and arrived on schedule. The food was pretty good as well."
"ITO-HNL-LAX return. Bulking at the cost of suitcases on the first leg of a trip to the UK we bought Premier Club cards as we checked in online. We understood matters would not tie up instantly and expected difficulties with the famously belligerent HA ground staff. This was not the case at Hilo where the charming early morning desk hand gave us the code for the lounge (for coffee) and sent us on our way. Well fine but HNL proved true to course Having got our boarding passes certified we went to board as Zone two only to have them snatched by a woman standing next to the line we wanted who said as loudly as possible \" This is first class you can not board here!\" Now we were not trying to board there and how prey does anybody which line which when they are not marked? Are HA loyal customers clairvoyant? On board good planes they do give passenger food in this case a good fruit breakfast and a rum cocktail before landing. Route back OK. Sad lounge at LAX but it is LAX nobody can work miracles and the on board service was good enough. Whether Premier Club is worth it only time will tell. I hope some of the money paid goes to training ground staff."
"Just booked OAK-OGG in 1st last night. Price was right after watching it for a week. This will be our 3rd trip to Maui in two years going with HA in 1st. Service has always been great with HA. Food good presentation well done. Wish there was more room in the 767's they use for this route. But fear that with the Slated smaller A/C proposed to take over this route we're not fans of in the least bit. Sure the 767's are showing their age but the staff tend to make the flights well worth it. In fact on last trip I left items at the check-in counter and didn't realize it until we were on the plane. Got off the plane and spoke with gate agent. She confirm with check-in person my items were there and that they'd store them until we returned since it was close to us departing. And to my surprise the check-in agent boarded the plane and handed me my items!"
"We snagged $1300 return to Seattle as part of a Canada a trip with a stopover in Hawaii for 3 days on the way back. For the price paid and considering we are a family of five could not complain. Staff are friendly with constant drink top ups and smiles. Meals are not huge and the lack of free entertainment is a small problem. I guess if I had paid a premium price I would of been a bit let down as the other airlines out there are better. I would definitely fly them again if the price was right."
"I travelled on 3 flights with Hawaiian airlines. From Oahu to Maui Maui to Oahu then Oahu to New York. I was surprised to be charged $25 per flight for the short island flights per bag put into the hold. But my main issue was that unlike all other airlines Hawaiian airlines do not cater for non meat eaters. If you are a vegetarian there are no food options for you even on the 9hr flight from Oahu to New York. In this day and age that is totally unacceptable."
"I flew business class from Sydney to Honolulu. Getting through Sydney airport was a dream no queuing for check-in and expedient trip through both customs and security with priority. The Air New Zealand lounge was adequate clean and comfortable. It is not the best lounge I have spent time in but having said that there was good selection of food and drink. Boarding was effortless and again done with priority. The plane was old and it showed in the console and to a lesser extent the seats. The seats were comfortable plenty of leg room the seat recline was not sufficient enough for a comfortable nights sleep. The leg and foot rest mechanism in my seat was faulty. The staff were wonderful and very attentive both food and drink were plentiful and a good variety to choose from. The entertainment selection was good but a few more recent release movies would have been nice. I had a window seat once the seat in front of me reclined I literally had to climb over the console to be able to go to the toilet. The USB charge facility did not work so don't rely on that. All the above pertains to the trip home as well with the Exception of the Hawaiian Airline Lounge at Honolulu Airport. If your idea of a business class lounge is a cup of coffee or a soft drink then you will be happy. Not only did they not provide anything other than a packet of nuts they do not allow you to take any food or drinks in. I would not bother using it again the point being the lounge facility is part and parcel of flying business and first class and Hawaiian need to lift their game. Again I must say I could not fault the flight staff or the food and beverage services on the aircraft."
"HNL-KOA-HNL in economy. We had a very uneventful flight with Hawaiian Airlines inter-island. They have good teamwork onboard the FA uniforms are really smart the \"juice\" is rotten (so just get water) up and down and painless flights. In the poorly designed Kona airport I liked how Hawaiian have a ramp for the entry to the plane for wheelchair passengers and everyone with their giant roller bags. Can't imagine how boarding would work with stairs only. They have a monopoly on inter-island travel so it could be far worse."
"We flew Brisbane - Honolulu for the 5th time in August 2nd time with Hawaiian Airlines this time we flew Bus class and was worth paying the extra the service was typically American very friendly and helpful and the food was great with plenty of choices and plenty of drinks. There was an ipad to watch movies for the duration of the flight. All round a great flight and fantastic crew."
"Flew Brisbane to Honolulu return in last few weeks. Seats comfortable with lots of leg room. No movies shown overnight. Movies shown on way home in the day. Only big screen. Service ok. Food too spicy. Kids meals very good. On way home 2hrs out no toilets in entire plans. Some problem. They didn't announce that though. Check in at Honolulu is entirely self check in. Rather daunting. Wouldn't recommend for elderly not a lot of help around. Would fly them again for excellent luggage allowance!"
"Flew SYD-HNL-PDX return June/July 2014 with Hawaiian. The price was right and the A330 aircraft configuration of 2-4-2 was handy for couples and family groups alike. Seats were rather hard on the behind after a few hours and getting up to move the limbs is hard if crew are working the aisles with snacks & meals though these weren't too common. It is all pretty no frills stuff though on the international sectors all the in flight entertainment is free but premium content is paid for on domestic sectors. The meals were adequate on international but really a token effort on domestic although Hawaiian claims they are the sole US airline to feed you on domestic sectors anyway. SYD-HNL is overnight so it is best to just try to sleep or doze the night away after they feed you an hour or so out of SYD. a 3 hour layover and HNL-PDX is a daytime flight that arrives just after dark in the last bit of the trip. PDX-HNL is daytime but is a bearable 5.5 hours or so. My most negative comments are about the HNL-SYD sectors flown almost entirely in daytime again staff feed you an hour or two out and do a few rounds of drinks but then want everyone to close the blinds and basically sleep/doze/not bother them for the next 7 hours or so. Overall we got to PDX for a month at a super low fare and knew what to expect having read a number of reviews here so had reasonably low expectations for all the additional things airlines can add to make trips bearable. I'd hate to have paid full price for the trip. Having said that for the same price we'd probably do it again."
"We flew Hawaiian Airlines on our recent trip from Auckland to Honolulu return as well as flights from Honolulu to Maui return. We were very pleased with all flights. Air crew planes and all check in staff were excellent and we were pleased to have chosen Hawaiian to fly with. We will definitely fly with them again."
"Travelled from Honolulu to Sydney. Seats squashed together and hard and uncomfortable. Less room than on an Australian domestic flight. 7.5 hours between lunch and dinner there was a limited range of food available to buy in between meals but best to bring a snack with you. Friendly helpful flight attendants huge luggage allowance (2 x 32 kilo bags) complimentary pillow blanket headphones eye mask and ear plugs: good selection of movies TV shows games and music."
"Trip Brisbane to Honolulu return - Economy class. My wife and I flew Hawaiian Airlines as they offer a direct flight from Brisbane. We flew in a Boeing 767 and found there seemed to be more leg room than some of the more recent aircraft. Service was good both ways."
"Flew Sydney to Honolulu then Honolulu to Las Vegas and back to Honolulu on A330 overall flights were good especially the international legs but the seats on the 330 are far too hard. The flight attendants were very good we then flew Honolulu to Brisbane on old 767 but actually this aircraft was very comfortable and would be my preference over the 330 every time."
"I flew to Honolulu from Sydney returning to Brisbane last week and was impressed with the onboard service. I was connecting from a internal flight to a Hawaiian Air flight and had a great welcome from desk staff which continued in the Air New Zealand Lounge. Great food and drink service with great amenities. On board the A320 the unique Hawaiian welcome on board set the ambience for a great fight. Food and drinks service and care was exceptional. The great experience with Hawaiian Air resumed on my return flight on a 767 to Brisbane. The friendly welcome from Hawaiian ground staff at the curb side at the Honolulu terminal until I got on board was terrific. My only disappointment was the Hawaiian Premier Lounge need to look at their code share airlines Virgin or Air NZ for a better standard. I felt I had the privilege of spending a further 10 hrs in Hawaii surrounded by the friendliness of Hawaiian culture. Good one Hawaiian Air ... I'll be back!"
"Las Vegas to Honolulu round trip in first class. This was our first experience in first class and we were very pleased. Immediate friendly service before leaving Las Vegas. Very good food and plenty to drink. On the trip back the entertainment screen failed and a flight attendant dead heading back to Las Vegas helped me get it working. Again very good and friendly service from the crew. As this was our first time in first class I can't compare seats to other airlines or plane models; but our seats were very comfortable on the A 330. If we can afford it we would definitely do this again."
"Hawaiian is usually very good at customer service once you are on the plane but the process to get a seat or an upgrade is the worst that I have experienced in the 17 years that I have traveled for business. As a Platinum member I have vouchers for a complimentary upgrade to first class on flights from the mainland to Oahu. I am now on my 3rd year of travel to Hawaii and I have not been upgraded once. The process requires that you wait until 72 hours before the flight before they will consider an upgrade but most of the time First Class is sold out by that time. Even if it isn't sold out they will not allow any upgrades until the last minute in hopes of generating more revenue. The fact that they offer First Class to their Elite customers then put processes in place that makes it impossible to use it says that they really don't have anyone with any customer elations skills working at the corporate office. I fly to Hawaii 6 or 7 times a year and I would rather they didn't send me any type of upgrade certificate as a teaser if they are never going to let me use it."
"Brisbane - Honolulu Boeing 767. Seat comfortable food ok. Departed on time and arrived on time. Honolulu - Sydney Airbus 330. Seat Rock hard (Standard Airbus) food oK dinner could have come about an hour earlier. It was served about 8 hours after lunch. Entertainment excellent. Departed 30 minutes late arrived 10 minutes late however did make for tight connection for Brisbane flight."
"I fly monthly on Hawaiian and January is always a surprising month as they change services for the new year. This time HNL-PDX I flew coach exit row. No meal upgrade available like in 2013. Instead their complementary meal was a soggy bready carbohydrate laden terrible mess. It's as if Hawaiian said: let's do this on the cheap so we can say \"we're the only airline to offer complimentary meals from mainland to Hawaii\". I get PR but what I was served was like a slap in the customers face it was so horrible. I would pay the $15 for a more appetizing meal. The crew was as always excellent."
"Positive experience on short return hop between Honolulu and Kona. All flights on time. Baggage was not on plane on arrival in Kona but arrived on the next flight after a short wait. Staff was friendly and professional."
"San Diego - HNL - Hilo. Good service very welcoming staff small portions of food but good breakfast consisted of fruit crackers and cheese and macadamia chocolate. Later we were served a cocktail and chips which was lovely. Most entertainment has to be paid for and I think so has the earphones but I had my own entertainment. My one bugbear the recline of the seats are ridiculous with the travellers in front nearly on your knee more so than on any other airline I've flown with. Luckily they were very strict at meal times for seats to be upright. All in all a pleasant experience."
"HA451 13/12/13 business class seat 1G. On time boarding and departure and thankfully business class before children this time. As usual I was treated as a VIP due to my platinum status. Once onboard the business class cabin staff were outstanding they introduced themselves by name and learnt the customers names. The smiling faces of the 3 business class flight attendants was great - nothing was a bother for them. The food as usual on Hawaiian were great fish and veal with a very nice sweet for dessert plus dessert wines and liquors drinks flowed the whole way to Honolulu. After a sleep in the comfy armchair recliners style seats a big healthy breakfast was served about an hour out of Honolulu. One and only complaint this is an ongoing issue all of the bags marked first class priority were last off this problem always happens at Honolulu and in Sydney. Otherwise as usual great service and a highly professional team that needs acknowledged."
"HNL to AKL. Very clean A330 with neat mood lighting throughout whole cabin. Nice food but no choice. Free drinks and snacks provided at the back during the flight. Crew we're very friendly. Movies not the latest but plenty to watch. Would fly again."
"Sydney to Honolulu return A330 brand new planes. Clean tidy interior with mood lighting. Lovely helpful friendly staff. Very reassuring when we hit what they said was severe turbulence on the way to Hawaii. Kept us well informed of what was happening. Food pretty good for airline food and drinks aplenty. Always smiling. Flights all on time. Would definitely be my choice of airline flying to Hawaii or Americas again."
"Honolulu to SF First Class. Excellent service very good food. Only complaint is that the first class seats on the A330 are just not that comfortable especially when not reclined. 767 is more comfortable and the rest room is larger! All in all a nice experience."
"We flew for the first time with Hawaiian airlines from Brisbane on 767 to Hawaii then onto Vegas. We upgraded to business class on flight from Brisbane to Hawaii the night before on online check in for discounted price - worth it. Lounge at Brisbane airport is AirNZ and was great. Staff on ground very helpful food great we paid extra for bulkhead seat from Vegas to Hawaii - again worth it plenty of leg room. I found every aspect of the flights great."
"BNE-HNL return Business although not fully flat the recliner seats are very comfy food and beverages excellent as well as the staff. Inflight entertainment on the 767er not so good but the service made up for it. As previously mentioned the lounge in HNL really needs upgrading we walked in used the restroom and walked out."
"I flew HA436 first class from SYD to HNL on 12th October on a brand new A330 and had a very good experience - attentive crew - great food preparation and meal and beverage service and good in-flight entertainment. The only drawback was the lack of a lie flat bed for a 9 hour flight-the seat was comfortable but if HA pulled out those cradle type seats in First and removed the economy seats in the second smaller cabin and installed lie flat beds in both cabins they would have a great product and sweep away their competition."
"Hilo to Sydney via Honolulu. Web check in went well purchased preferred seats for Honolulu to Sydney cost $75 seat 14B. Hilo to Honolulu HA 121 8.50am departure seat 1B first class. Lounge at Hilo very basic free wifi coffee and soft drink. Pre boarding done correctly on time departure quick 50 minute flight just enough time for a coffee and a biscuit. Honolulu to Sydney HA 451 seat 14B the reserved seating bulk head seat cost $75 extra. Boarding called in correct order except kids get priority again. My bulk head seat was as spacious as an economy seat can be. I would have preferred the seats in row 11 but they were blocked for the entire 24 hour period during check in. Not long after take off a very friendly stewardess offered drinks and 2 hours into flights refills and dinner served would give this food a 4 out of 5 for economy. There was a lot of young families traveling with babies all were reasonably behaved for a 10 hour flight. There of course was one family who thought it was ok for their children to play a portable DVD player without head phones so all the cabin could hear it."
"5th October SYD-HNL-ITO. This is my 10th year as a dedicated Hawaiian air traveller for long distance trip SYD to HNL and Hilo also to LA and Vegas also started to use their HNL to JFK this year and looking forward to their expansion with new aircraft purchase planned. Today's trip started on 4th October at 2000 when I attempted to use the web check in 24 hours prior with no success. I am lucky I am a gold Pualani member so I called their dedicated line after about 25 minutes they were able to upgrade my SYD-HNL flight and my HNL-Hilo which is good as business on Hawaiian is normally very good. 5th October check in was a breeze with the dedicated business and Pualani member line and with express pass through immigration I was In the Air New Zealand lounge in no time. This Air NZ lounge has improved over the past few years it was getting tired and food mediocre. But gladly today much better I really like the self help bar. My flight is scheduled for 2000 departure I noticed in bound flight arrived on time. Boarding started on time and again children first before business - this always annoys me. Once onboard was offered welcome champagne or juice the seats are wide leather seats but don't lie flat but are still very comfortable and they have power for your iPad or iPhone. Take off on time and as soon as we levelled off drinks started to flow I had a few chivas regals and before dinner there also was a cheese plate. 3 options for dinner I had the veal and catch of the day and it was fantastic. Breakfast was strawberry yoghurt fresh fruit plate country style potatoes and crab and scallion omelette also fantastic. The cabin crew were very attentive and professional I managed to get a good couple of hours sleep and rested for my next flight HNL to Hilo. Got through customs fairly fast but maybe they could looking into express path for business passengers like in Sydney. At the transfer desk no Hawaiian staff there to send my bags to Hilo so had to take them to the inter island terminal myself. Once there was easy to drop off bags and head to the priority security line. Honolulu to Hilo again seat 1B a quick 50 minute flight no problems arrived on time and bags were quickly available. Over all a 5 star trip very pleased and look forward to many more Hawaiian trips."
"San Francisco-Honolulu-San Francisco in September 2013. Outbound Flight HA11 boarded on time boarding was organized flight left and arrived on time. Newish Airbus A330-200's economy cabin was stylish and comfortable. Basic IFE offered little entertainment you have to pay extra for movies and TV programs. Not a problem for me and my wife as we brought our own respective iPads. The outbound basic \"free\" meal consisted of a fruit tray a cookie a Hawaiian chocolate candy in a wrapper water and juice or soda. Upgraded meal was $14 for a hamburger or a Chicken salad with a few extras on the meal tray but we felt those were not good values for their prices therefore we bought two sandwiches in the airport before our flight. Flight attendants were pleasant and they offered free Mai Tais and Hawaiian chips about one hour before landing in HNL. Total of three drink runs during the 5 1/2-hour flight. Return flight HA12 also with organized boarding left and arrived on time. Nothing new to say about the Airbus A330-200's IFE except this particular airplane's moving map display has an added information on the airplane's flight level in meters and feet. Surprised we were given \"free\" in-flight meal of Chicken- stuffed hot sandwich with a small salad and Hawaiian chocolate candy a free cup of wine was an option! This was very much appreciated. Again three drink runs during this 4 1/2-hour flight. Flight attendants were pleasant and efficient. With HA's convenient departure and arrival times and newer Airbus A330-200 aircraft's used on the SFO- HNL-SFO routes we will fly with them again next time we visit the Hawaiian Islands."
"SFO to HNL (7 Sep) HNL to/from Lihue (09/10 Sep) and final sector on HA445 to Auckland (13 Sep). Per my previous post this airline could be good. Pluses: new A330 aircraft flights on time decent 2 piece 70 lb baggage allowance for international pax the crew on the final four sectors were much more enthusiastic in serving their passengers (HA445 in particular) the web check-in and bag drop at all airports worked well. The pluses end there. Minuses: For international passengers the food/beverage and inflight entertainment is dire. Can see why US passengers might rate them highly given what they endure domestically! What's with the bland chicken and rice dishes on all lunch and dinner flights? The free F+B offering on SFO-HNL breakfast run consists of 4 grapes 4 slices of melon a piece of cheese and 2 packs of crackers? HA should charge a couple of bucks more and get serious with their offerings or drop the pretence of food completely and charge for a decent offering. The 'complimentary IFE' is a joke in content despite the new A330 planes even the pay per view movies (US$7.99 a pop) were exceedingly limited in choice. The HA terminal in HNL and terminal in LIH are in a time warp but suspect this to be the fault of the airport authorities (and TSA is certainly outside HA's control). Like I said all's not lost this airline certainly is no 4/5 star airline but it could be halfway decent with a few weeks. For the price paid not really good value. A shame as actually had been looking forward to flying them to and from SFO. Could only recommend HA only if price substantially cheaper than other options."
"I flew from Oakland to Maui on Sep 11. I arrived at the airport at 6am 2 hours before departure. Check-in was a breeze with friendly staff despite the early time of the day. The fee to check in a 45-lb suitcase was $25 (quite standard nowadays). I have flown on many Boeing 767's and this one was by far the quietest one ever. Flight attendants were very friendly. The complimentary breakfast after take-off and the complimentary rum punch before landing are a really nice touch when flying in the economy cabin. I can only think of two draw-backs: 1) your regular head-sets don't work well (you need a two-prong plug or you only hear their [free] video entertainment out of one ear]) and 2) the cabin is very cold (I was prepared and wore my coat but several folks around me were sneezing). Overall: a very good experience!"
"I have flown Hawaiian Airlines about 20 times now Oakland to either Hilo or Kona last trip was March 2013. As far as I'm concerned there is no other like it. I wish they flew all over the Continental US. Fantastic service on the ground and in the plane. If flights were more than half off with other airlines I wouldn't go I'm staying with Hawaiian."
"If you are flying coach w/o elite status Hawaiian Airlines is great because they you are their target market. I have flown Hawaiian many times between Las Vegas and Hawaii most recently just a few days ago. Here is what I like: 1) A decent seat pitch of 32 inches is standard 2) seating on the transpacific planes is 2-4-2 so a husband and wife can get a window aisle seat by themselves 3) nice free meals in coach 4) they actually answer the phone reasonably quickly by airline standards 5) the flight attendants are actually friendly."
"LAX to HNL in First bumped onto Hawaiian due to American Airlines flight going tech. Great new Airbus aircraft clean bright and fresh fantastic staff friendly very out going nice pre take off drinks great Menu and Catering Wine choice was very limited and The Seat is terribly uncomfortable but overall I think Hawaiian have a great little niche and are the best of the American Carriers."
"Oakland - Maui - Kona. An excellent experience from start to finish. Great service punctuated by smiles and efficiency. A delicious breakfast was served with a small cheese plate offered before landing. The other carriers on these Hawaiian routes should take notes about first class service and offerings. Easy transfer in Maui to a short efficient hop to Kona."
"Honolulu-Seattle-Maui First Class. Although somehow skimpier than it was in past years the experience was generally very good. Smiling truly friendly attendants comfortable (767) seating and decent food are the mainstay of Hawaiians First Class mainland service and they delivered. The aircraft is old but very comfortable. Digi players are annoying and clumsy to use but provide a fair amount of entertainment on this particular route. Somehow the meals seemed a little less robust than before but were tasty. All in all at the head of the pack certainly for travel to and from Hawaii and perhaps domestically altogether."
"SYD-HNL return. Sydney to Honolulu - Check in staff very efficient. Friends travelling to Honolulu night before and went to service desk to ask about window seats. The man at the desk said that we were currently sitting in the middle of the aircraft and he would try to get us window seats as the flight was full. Arrived at the airport next day to check in and was assigned window seats. Cabin crew were very friendly. All of them smiling. Cabin very clean and comfortable. New A330 aircraft. Pillow and blanket provided. Food was good. Very good portion sizes. Cabin crew regularly came through the cabin offering water to passengers. Other drinks were available from the galley upon request. Range of TV's and movies available to watch. Over movies were available for a fee. Smooth flight. Honolulu to Sydney - Printed out boarding pass previous day and had chosen seats then. This time in the middle of the aircraft. Used self serve kiosks to weigh and print out bag tags. Also printed out new boarding passes. Very efficient process. Again a friendly crew. Meal service was good again. This time sitting in the middle of the aircraft there seemed to be more legroom. Cabin crew kept offering water during the flight. The Pau Hana Snack bar was open during the flight. Staff very friendly and efficient. However 1 cabin crew member did not seem as if she wanted to be there. All other cabin crew were great."
"Hilo to Sydney via Honolulu 10th June. Hilo check in was quick bags booked all the way to Sydney. I still get the lounge due to gold status. Hilo to Honolulu seat 7b 8.50am flight left on time pleasant crew. At Honolulu lounge access again basic wifi coffee soft drinks. No food or snacks available and lounge is a long walk from international gates. Honolulu to Sydney business HA451 seat 1H. Boarding procedures were business and wheelchairs first as it should be then children and pualani gold and platinum. Plane left on time clean and new airbus welcoming crew. After take off spicy crab sushi with pickled ginger and cocktails 45 minutes after take off. Dinner was salmon in rice paper Himalayan rice with macadamia nut pesto and salad - very impressed. Desert was Ice cream truffle strawberry sorbet. Cocktails constant and staff attentive. Before arrival a Hawaiian style high tea was served. Arrival as usual. Due to the airbus only utilizes one door business must walk back through economy to get off so not first off the plane but we are given priority customs forms to fast track forms through customs and immigration. Bags are tagged first class priority and come through very quick. My only complaint is Sydney airport customs they give you an express path ticket when in business and first and that line was huge at Sydney. Overall a great flight and always recommend Hawaiian to all USA destinations."
"Flight HA17 Las Vegas to Honolulu 1 June 13 1.55am red eye. Disappointed no Hawaiian lounge for members at Las Vegas airport security was fast. Seat 14d bulkhead seat at $25 extra is worth it. Boarding was chaos people had to fight to the front to get in as a Pualani gold member. At Las Vegas they do boarding differently wheelchairs first children then first followed by platinum then gold. Once on board I had an annoying kid kicking my seat continually parents not stopping it until I said something. After take off I settled into a nice sleep lights all turned down for people to rest. Drinks were served and free soft drinks and coffee towards landing. Arrival in Honolulu was on time and deplaned 4.45am. Crew friendly and attentive not much involvement as it was an over night flight."
"Hilo to HNL 26 May 13 HA 311 Seats 6A. Check-in early and easy in Hilo booked all the way to Vegas. Very basic lounge in Hilo for 1st class and premier club members. Flight on time free juice or water available on 50 minute flight. HNL to Las Vegas HA 8 Seat 29B. Take off on time very packed flight. Cocktail hour started not long after take off and I was informed that Pualani Gold no longer get 2 free cocktails a little disappointing for a 5 hour flight. Pillows and blankets were ok for Economy. Staff appeared to be nice friendly and relaxed they were always walking around to make sure everyone had what they wanted - no request went unanswered. Flight delayed 45 minutes dues to head winds."
"Las Vegas - HNL on a 767-300. Staff on the flight were very good with plenty of genuine smiles and offers of assistance. Food and drink offerings were as expected as most options are at a cost. I paid for a digi player and it was ok to pass the time on this 6+ hr sector and found it ok but the selections were a bit limited and in most cases fairly out of date which was disappointing. The real downside was the fact that blankets are not offered and must be bought which would be ok but they hold a very small stock which sold quickly and the cabin was freezing. Fine for the staff who had jackets to wear but for a plane load of people leaving one hot destination for another this isn't good as most people were in shorts and t-shirts."
"SYD-HNL HA 436 20.00 flight depart SYD on time Seat 1B. USB power available. Check-in smooth friendly and personal as you would expect for a Pualani Gold Member. Air New Zealand lounge for drinks and snacks a little over crowded. In bound plane arrived on time. Boarding is always a push and shove in Sydney and they start with children which annoys me Business or First should go first. After being seated champagne was nice but rushed. Only 9 people in business and 3 flight attendants so good service. After take off hot towels and customs forms handed out. Tables set for cheese biscuits and cocktails served. Staff friendly and professional. Dinner served less than 1 hour into the flight. I had steak and pumpkin ravioli and it was very nice. Lights turned down and window shades closed. Bathroom nice laid out with amenities. Sleep as always is hard for me the seats are not lie flat but are still comfortable leather recliners. Breakfast served an hour out of Honolulu. In Honolulu only had 1 hour 15 minutes to make it through customs and my next flight I made it through customs in 15 mins. Overall a great flight and what I have come to expect from Hawaiian business class."
"KOA-OGG-LIH-HNL. We made 3 inter island flights with Hawaiian on our vacation (3 persons). Flights were almost on time. Staff helpful and friendly. Only a drink service (fruit juice) on the short flights (30min). Planes (B717) clean and with a special \"Hawaiian fragrance\" in the cabin. Good value for the money."
"HNL-OGG-KOA-HNL. Three separate legs during a vacation on B717.Very good service on these short trips all on time."
"My husband and I flew to Honolulu stayed for 6 days then flew on to San Francisco. From being able to check-in online choose or change our seats online to the overall appearance of the plane to the staff etc it was a great experience. I am vegetarian and they do not cater specifically for us so took some food on board. Our seats were good not quite as much leg room as other airlines but sufficient. Baggage allowance was fantastic. Left and arrived on time. Coming back from SF to NZ was a different story. We had extra luggage so we did a manual check in there were issues with the computer system as it was new. Staff were great. Boarded on time then the Captain announced there were problems after 2 hours on the tarmac we disembarked. Captain kept us well informed. Missed our connecting flights. Once again the staff were great. They re-booked all of us gave us generous food vouchers organised free trolleys for our luggage and had them waiting for us when we went to collect our luggage. A pretty good experience and we would recommend them."
"Flew SAN to OGG with layovers at HNL both legs. All flights left and arrived early. We were even able to take an earlier connecting flight from OGG to HNL for no extra charge. Service was friendly but not outstanding."
"Quick flights between HNL-OGG and KOA. Very pleasant airline. Smiling crew. Efficient boarding resulting in very punctual departures. Beverages were offered: a lot of efforts are put in these very short flights. Can't wait to try them on longer route! Hawaiian airlines should consider flying to Vancouver!"
"Flew Hawaiian for the first time from San Francisco to Honolulu in coach with some trepidation given previous reviews. On checking in online exit row seats (window/aisle) in a 2-4-2 layout were available at 35 bucks each. Well worth the money especially as priority boarding was thrown in to the price. Bag drop was slow but bags helpfully tagged through to Molokai. Well organised boarding on a completely full flight plus the priority boarding meant that overhead bin space wasn't an issue (though it was for others who boarded later). An on time departure and a very thorough briefing on our role at the emergency exit set a positive tone for the flight. A \"continental breakfast\" (but more like a snack box) with a sweet roll with cream cheese savoury snack bag and a cookie plus T&Cs and juice was served promptly. A second round of T&Cs and a later water run were offered and unexpected. An hour or so out of Honolulu a further drinks run with T&Cs and complimentary mai tai were offered concluding a cabin service which was good and delivered by friendly and professional crew. All in all - cheaper than other N American carriers by a fair amount with a good level of service I wasn't expecting."
"Short OGG-KOA island hop flight in a Boeing 717. Chose HA over others since preferred to be in a jet rather than smaller turboprop. Rather chaotic check-in process but that could be the fault of the airport and once past that it was all good. We had aisle and window seats with one person in between us. Didn't feel cramped. We had tried to upgrade to first the day before (you can to it at a reduced charge 24 hours in advance) but fc seats already filled. No matter. Didn't see that much of a difference. And for such a short flight economy was just fine."
"SEA-HNL in a B767. Upgraded to first class at check-in. Seats more business class than first. Service from cabin crew excellent. Food was edible plenty of snacks and drinks available. IFE was a joke. Digi player was old and content the same!"
"This is my second trip with Hawaiian Airlines. Both times were first class the most recent flight being 01/08/2013 HA 51 JFK to HNL. Flight Crew was very nice. The food was very good even though a touch fancy for my taste. One complaint though why should they charge a first class passenger an overweight fee for a bag."
"I wasn't expecting much because my ticket from Honolulu to LA was only $172! After flying from Auckland to Honolulu and receiving nothing but water I was bowled over when we were given a complimentary snack box beverages and even a complimentary mai-tai. The entertainment required a 10 dollar fee and since I did not have my own headset an additional 3 dollars bought a headset. The attendants were lukewarm."
"HNL-KON-OGG-HNL. Inter-island service is fantastic very comfortable. Every time we were asked by check-in staff whether we wanted emergency exit as I am very tall whilst flights are short as soon as we took off a tasty local fruit drink was offered. I was so impressed I will try them long haul next time hopefully they add Melbourne to their Brisbane and Sydney destinations in Australia."
"BNE-HNL-SEA. Check-in at BNE was easily the slowest I have experienced anywhere - terrible. The check-in staff at BNE are obviously local contractors who couldn't even tell me if I needed to change terminals at Honolulu ! Very poor directions from ground staff at HNL as to how to get to domestic flight. Aircraft was clean comfortable and seat space seemed quite OK. Staff on board are excellent and very friendly. Ground staff need a good shaking up. Meals only so-so. Lousy in-flight entertainment I simply didn't bother. I would fly again if they could trim their prices a bit but if cabin staff should ever fail me I wouldn't be back."
"JFK-HNL-JHM-HNL-JFK. Excellent trip in all respects. JFK-HNL leg was on a new A330. Economy seats are 32\" pitch more than most US carriers. That extra inch makes a difference on a 10-11 hour flight. Two free meals were served by hard-working and attentive staff along with several drink services. Yes the first bag cost $35 but Hawaiian checked it through from JFK to West Maui even though that flight was on Island Air and I never touched the luggage until I reached my final destination. I enjoyed these flights so much that I have already reserved another JFK-HNL-KOA-HNL-JFK trip for this coming July. Since I booked so early I was able to snag row 13 which is in the small quiet section behind Business Class."
"SYD-HNL-OGG-HNL-SYD in December 2012. A330-200 between Sydney and Honolulu and B717 between Honolulu and Maui. All flights on time. On A330 I would advise taking the $75 upgrade to a bulkhead seat - particularly row 11 as its right behind Business class and in a mini cabin of only 3 rows. If travelling overnight I'd pay for economy and upgrade on check-in online to Business if available. Best thing about the flights was the excellent service and the prompt appearance of baggage at the carousel. Food was good drinks plentiful. Pay TV option was a bit much but we read. I joined their FF program before I booked - for only $120 it was worth it! Business check-in express pass through customs lounge access it's kind of like the Qantas Club. You also get priority boarding which was very useful. Hawaiian's aircraft on the Sydney to Honolulu route are all brand new A330s."
"Flight from Seattle to Honolulu in an old Boeing 767 which was 26 years old. Crew was nice but service was normal. Seats were broken and legroom was ok lavatories showed their age and had a bad smell. Free food service that is not normal on us-carriers. Food was enough and the quality was fair. Took some time in Honolulu until we reached the gate almost 20 minutes after landing."
"Flight from Honolulu to Maui and return. Flight was on an B717 which is a nice plane. Crew was very friendly and had a smile. Seating was better than on older 767. Juice was served shortly after take-off. They offered maps with sights of Maui for free. Baggage was soon on belt. Good job for a short flight like this."
"Airbus 330 flight from Honolulu to Las Vegas. Aircraft had new AVOD but they charge for movies. Free dinner was served with rice beef and veggies. Crew came around with water and juice during flight. Flight on time and seating in the new aircraft is very good. Check in kiosk did not work so we had to do it with staff together."
"Wife and I flew from Las Vegas to Kona Hawaii connecting both ways in Honolulu. The LAS-HON leg is on an Airbus with 2+4+2 seating in economy so my wife and I can sit together. Hawaiian doesn't jam the seats in economy together as much as some airlines. And for an extra $35 per passenger each way you can get a bulkhead or exit row seat with tons of legroom but to get this you have to do online check-in pretty darn close to 24 hours before your flight. You can actually call the airline and talk to a customer representative without waiting more than a few minutes. If you fly in the evening you get a free tasty although small real hot meal with veggies and meat salad and dessert. (The breakfast service is also free but not as nice as the dinner.) Also when I asked about wine the steward mentioned the half bottle (375 ml) of red as having pleased other passengers so my wife and I bought it for $16 and it was a nice pinot noir."
"I hate overnight flights so I booked Business class for the Sydney Hawaii leg in the hope that the extra $1000 would provide a decent night's sleep. Wrong! While the seats do have a footrest and recline more than in economy there was little similarity between Hawaiian and other carriers business class seats Even the pillows were the small and inadequate and the amenities provided were very basic - no cute bag to keep as a souvenir. The cabin crew were excellent and the food served much better than economy but again there is no comparison between it and say the food served in Qantas premium economy. Our flight back to Sydney was back in economy and I was very happy with the experience though the \"Hawaiian high tea\" served towards the end of the flight was just a roll and a biscuit. Flights on all the sectors I flew were on time and had very professional and helpful cabin crew."
"Flew Honolulu to Sydney in Economy. Got exit row seats row 33 with bulkhead in front. Plenty of leg room and no one in front putting their seat back. The only problem was that other people feel it is a through traffic area and use it to cross from one side of the plane to the other. I paid the $75 to have that space for me. I ended up no moving my legs and annoyed some people by doing so. The other thing is the flight attendant was going to move another passenger into the empty seat between myself and a travel friend as the other person was unhappy with her normal economy seat. I complained and reminded her that we had paid $75 for these seats and why should she get a free seat. There were empty rows of seats at the back of the plane that she could have moved her to. I got my way and she was not moved to the exit row seats. Food was good digeplayer was poor. Staff overall were ok. Did not show to much of an effect to make the trip enjoyable. But would fly with them again."
"Seattle to Honolulu return in economy. Enhanced meal service with new breakfast box containing bread with cream cheese guava jelly dried fruit and a macadamia nut cookie. Return dinner teriyaki chicken with salad and cake for dessert. All this food plus a free mai tai on the way out and wine with dinner on the return on a domestic USA flight and free to boot? Unheard of nowadays but thank you Hawaiian for still being the only US carrier to offer free food on flights. Cabin crew generally friendly and sharing the aloha spirit. Be nice to the crew and they will be nice back to you. Cant wait for them to bring the A330 to Seattle!"
"Maui-Oakland/SF-Honolulu First Class. As always an extremely good experience due to the friendly staff good food and comfortable seating. Puts the legacy carriers to shame. Maui-Oakland on an older 767 and SF- Honolulu on the new A330. Both aircraft's have their pluses and minuses. Seats on the 767 are actually more comfortable when upright while the entertainment on the 330 is far superior in choices. Meal service is the same and was excellent on both flighst. Staff friendly and welcoming in short everything a cabin crew should be but rarely is these days especially to and from Hawaii."
"LAX-HNL-SYD-HNL-JFK. A330-200 on every route. Staff and front desk very helpful. FA's very nice. On flights to mainland you have to pay for IFE. On LAX-HNL leg they served a turkey sandwich and a brownie. Chose to upgrade to the cheeseburger for $12.99. Not a lot of leg room onboard but the seat wasn't too bad. Boarding was slick and organized. On flight to Sydney you were served a meal after takeoff and a light snack before landing-not really enough for a 10 hour flight. You also had to pay for IFE on New York flight which is a long route with no IFE. I would definitely fly Hawaiian if I was going from mainland US to Hawaii and definitely a better experience then when I flew United to Hawaii."
"We flew on 2 July 2012 9.20pm flight from Sydney to Honolulu on A330. Plane was half hour late arriving into Sydney which made about 1 hour late departing. Staff food seats were great. We then flew from Honolulu to Big Island on 11 July and returned to Hon on 14 July and then departed Honolulu on 15 July back to Sydney. Good service and friendly staff. 15 July flight home at 12.45pm was again late yet was not Hawaiian's fault. Overall would fly with them again no problem. Food was lovely and plenty of it. Entertainment units were good and purchase of movies if required was easy."
"Flew on their new direct flight from Honolulu to New York (JFK) to celebrate the 4th of July. Very impressed with the speed of their boarding flight attendants were friendly and enough storage space. The seats of this Airbus were slightly wider than normal HAL planes so didn't feel like a packed sardine the seat itself slides forward as it reclines and there were folds on the headrest so you wouldn't end up on your neighbor's shoulder; it was quite comfortable to sit for the 10 hour haul. Free soda snack and meals (2) snacks for purchase alcoholic drinks for purchase premium meals for purchase. Surprised that you actually get 2 basic meals for free. Passed out free headsets and there were some video and audio for free but had to pay for others. Everyone has their own video monitor so very cool. USB input available. I kept falling asleep during the meal and drink service and they were very accommodating to bring it for me when I woke up. No regrets and will be returning in 6 months!"
"ITO-OGG-ITO Weekend inter-island flight. It was an uneventful flight. Service from check-in to inflight was amazing. Its the only way to fly."
"JFK-HNL roundtrip. The food on both flights were very good. There were drinks given throughout the flight and you were able to get a drink anytime throughout the flight. The FA's were nice and interacting with the passengers and were polite and were always cleaning the plane. The bathrooms were clean and FA's cleaned them frequently throughout the flight which is something you do not normally see. On the A330 there was plenty of legroom in the economy class. However the one drawback was when I was trying to confirm a seat on the plane the person on the phone was unhelpful and was unable to help my problem. On the flight you also had to pay for the in flight entertainment and they had a big selection of movies to choose from."
"LAX-HNL on the new A330-200 economy class. Boarding at LAX was chaotic and crowded although we were spared the worst of it because we got priority boarding with 2 babies. The flight left on time and arrived about 25 minutes early. There was no wait on the tarmac at HNL for a free gate. Inflight service was much better than average for U.S. carriers food was decent IFE was better than the competition and the cabin crew smiled more and was more attentive than average for U.S carriers."
"Recently flew HNL-SYD on the 330 aircraft brand new seat and legroom were adequate. Crew were thumbs up food and presentation were great. Kept us well fed/hydrated I was left impressed with the service provided by HA and will definitely fly them over Qantas who operates an older 767 with service no match to Hawaiian."
"Hawaiian is my preferred inter-island carrier. This was my first time using them on their Transpacific flight. I flew from Hilo to Las Vegas and was quite impressed. Flight crews on both flights were very warm and welcoming. Any requests were honored with a smile. Flights were smooth both ways. Check-in was a breeze in Hilo and Las Vegas. For meals I was offered a complimentary pasta dish with a piece of cake and a Turkey sandwich on the return. Flight attendants were visible throughout the flight and constant runs of drinks. Very Impressed."
"Sydney to Honolulu return over the Easter period. Both flights were full and both aircraft's older refurbished 767's. No AVOD but portable digi players were available for rent at US$15 credit card payment only. A330's will commence on this route soon. Both flights left and arrived on time although check-in at Sydney took 50 minutes because they're weren't enough check-in attendants. Meals on both flights were satisfactory and service was fine although flight attendants were hardly seen between the meal services. Would be happy to fly with them again."
"We flew to Honolulu from Sydney in Business Class and returned in Coach. We have a 8 month old son and my wife is vegetarian. On the Business Class leg there was no bassinet available even though promised and we could not be confirmed that any of the food would be vegetarian. As a result our son had to sleep on our laps for an 11 hour flight. Service was very friendly and they assisted us greatly to make it comfortable with pillows but we were trapped in seats for the entire flight. On the return leg seat allocations were not confirmed bassinet not available again and instead of being the front row of the main cabin we were stuck in the middle rows and had to ask passengers in front not to recline so as not to hit our sleeping son. The food was minimal and only 1 meal was vegetarian. Service and food were good but very minimal. There are higher quality ways to get to Hawaii from Australia."
"My preferred airline from Sydney to the USA via Honolulu. Generally on time ground staff are great and cabin crew always smiling. Frequent flyer membership has great offers for gold and platinum members. On all my trips baggage arrives quickly and food in both Economy and Business is good."
"We chose them because of the generous luggage allowances. We were late taking off due to a passenger needing to be removed the delay was handled well with minimum disturbance and the captain kept us all informed. Mid flight there was a medical emergency and that was also handled well. We were given preferred seating as my husband is very tall and we could not fault our seats and the added leg room was wonderful. The flight crew were friendly and attentive. The meal was okay. I wish they had in-seat entertainment. Although not the best flight ever certainly not the worst."
"Service was of high standard. Australia to Honolulu. Flight attendants very polite and courteous. My husband and I were most impressed. Food was alright and staff were quick and efficient. People with children were well looked after."
"LAS-HNL-LIH. This was a repeat of last years trip and some things have improved others have not. Ground handling at LAS is much better: the staff were there early enough to check-in bags in good time. The A330s are nice enough planes still looking fresh and clean. Seat back screens do not offer a great deal without payment but is better than nothing. The food offered is basic and not very much. Flight was on time. HNL-LIH was again on time for the very short hop. The planes used on inter-Island sectors are not impressive but they do the job. Return was straightforward. Flights on time no problems not the most comfortable but not too bad."
"Just came back from a one week vacation to Honolulu from LA. My trip from LA to HNL was pleasant. No major complaints only minor ones. We left 15 mins late but arrived on time to HNL. My dinner was a sandwich and the bread was mushy. Although the plane is equipped with personal touch screens on every seat there are very few complimentary options to enjoy. You have to pay for movies TV shows music selection and games. On our return from HNL to LA our flight left on time and arrived 15 mins early. Personnel were a lot less enjoyable lnot rude but did not make you feel welcome. There were two different meal options however by my turn they only had sandwiches left. Overall they got the job done and did not experience any major hiccup but at the end of the day we did pay a premium and so I expected more."
"HNL-LIH. I've flown this route a few times and generally find Hawaiian to be a bit over-rated and frequently delayed. This time there were no issues. Flight departed on time. Boarding was quick and efficient. B717 in great shape. Smooth ride. Nice crew. Value for money."
"Honolulu-Seattle return on B767. Baggage handling and boarding staff were lovely. I was in Economy class and the seats were comfortable I managed to sleep. Flight attendants were friendly and available in the aisles food choices were delicious safety instructions were polite and clear. Lavatories were clean inflight entertainment had plenty of choice."
"Sydney-Honolulu-Sydney. Pleased with the services both in the air and on the ground. The check-in staff at Sydney airport were pleasant and courteous. The meal after take-off from Sydney was ok. The outbound flight was an overnight one and an eye-shade was offered which was nice. The check-in staff were kind and helpful when checking-in for return flight at Honolulu airport. The home-bound inflight service was excellent cockpit crew for both flights were first-class. The cabin crew are sincere laid-back and easily approachable."
"HNL-LAS on an A330. New aircraft in excellent condition. Paid to upgrade to a Premium seat in bulkhead row 14 which had at least 48 inches of legroom. Great IVOD offerings but limited free selections. Meal was adequate and accompanied by great cabin service throughout the flight. I have avoided Hawaiian in the past while the numerous fees have only got worse with time this was all-in-all an unexpectedly good flight."
"First class from HNL-SMF. We have flown First Class several times before on this route but this flight was exceptional. The flight attendants went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of and checked on us regularly to make sure we had whatever we needed. Hawaiian has a real asset with this crew. On the flip side I do have complaints not related to the staff of Hawaiian. I am a Premier Club member and upon rejoining this year I found out that the benefits have changed. Members and a companion were allowed two pieces of checked luggage gratis. That has now changed to only the member getting that. We used to be able to ask for an exit row and that has also changed and now you pay $25. It's difficult justifying paying $249 a year for a rest in a room at the airport and some packaged snacks."
"SYD-HNL-SYD Economy. An older B767 but for a 3 star airline I thought service was pretty good. They looked after the kids with kids meals and were always offering free drinks and mid flight snacks. We also flew to Maui return from HNL and the service was the best I have experienced."
"Excellent service on LAX-HNL flight on new A330. The seat is a mistake but everything else top rate. The food service IFE. I hope they continue with their current meal service and don't adopt the mistake they've made on their international runs by changing it!"
"We were supposed to leave at 3PM but due to aircraft problems we ended up taking off at 2am the next day to begin our trip home to San Diego. The flight attendants were wonderful and very supportive. Hawaiian airlines gave us a free shuttle to a local mall while we were at the airport. We got free movie tickets and a $200 voucher and gave us good snacks etc. We also got a discount on our next purchase."
"LAX-HNL-LAX. Check-in in LAX was good. New A330 service in F class to HNL was good. Seats are not flat. Return to LAX with aged B767. Check-in staff in HNL rude and charged me $50 extra for an overweight bag by 3lbs even I'm a 1st class pax. My overweight bag was lost upon arrival in LAX which was returned to me almost a week later. The delivery man was lost so I met him 20 miles from my residence. If HA wants to be a world class airline they should take some lessons leading airlines in Asia and Middle East."
"Honolulu-Manila Business Class. Very disappointed to note that Hawaiian Airlines new upgraded inflight service is a real downgrade. They've ditched the tapas style menu for a slow food service. In addition they are no longer catered by Chef Gannon and for the first time in years I was served bad food on Hawaiian Airlines. The flight attendants were wonderful but clearly embarrassed by the downgrade. In addition the new printed menus are tacky. Also time to retire the 767. Just not up to standard for a 10 hour plus flight!"
"HNL-LAS-HNL on new A330. Hawaiian is probably the best of the US carriers. Both flights full but service was good with frequent water runs - although the complimentary food was awful served in a cardboard box!"
"LAX-HNL-SYD-HNL-LAX.Flew from the US to Australia on Hawaiian in first/business on a discounted fare. Seat comfort is significantly better than US legacy carriers domestic first class but well short of modern international business class standards but comfortable enough for the long flights - an old style business class product. Service and food exceptional. The cabin staff go the extra mile in attentiveness up front and the tapas style menus were creative and tasty. IFE is good not great. Lounges in LAX and HNL are dreadful but HA business class passengers can access the Air New Zealand lounge in SYD which is exceptional."
"SYD-HNL-SEA and back via HNL to SYD. Whilst I agree with some of the comments re the indifference of cabin staff (I had to ask for water after 2 hours on the ground owing to a mechanical problem) I will continue to fly Hawaiian because baggage allowance is the best in the air and I have always found check-in staff helpful. Two seats outside the aisles are the best way for a couple to fly no need to constantly wake a stranger to use the facilities or stretch my legs food is to my taste good safety record."
"HNL-SYD on B767-300ER. I bought a discount Economy ticket but was able to upgrade at the gate to Business Class for $400. It was well worth it. HA Business Class seat is an old style business class seat not a reclining flat bed. Nevertheless with the spacious pitch and large foot rest it was comfortable for dozing. IFE is a portable media player which was fine since no one was seated next to me. It wasn't stable there. The movie selection was not first run but it was adequate for a ten hour flight. There was no power outlet in the seat for my laptop. The food and service were excellent. The meal was a selection of three dishes from an assortment and were delicious. The wine selection was ok but the mixed drinks were fun as you would expect in Hawaii. Most importantly the service was exceptional friendly and helpful"
"Since Hawaiian Airlines began charging a fee for checked bags the volume of carry-on luggage has become quite unreasonable. Last month ny husband and I traveled first class from Portland to Honolulu and back. As first class passengers and because my husband uses a wheelchair we boarded first. When the coach passengers began to board my husband and I were literally smacked in the head and shoulders with carry-on luggage - large tote bags overloaded backpacks and even a child safety seat. We had to lean into the space between the seats in order to avoid injury. When I got home I contacted Hawaiian Airlines \"customer advocacy\" program because I wanted to report my experience. A very bored representative took my report and told me someone would get back to me. Three weeks later I had not heard a word from the company. I called again. This time a super-rude rep with minimal language skills told me they had no record of my prior call. When I began again to explain about being smacked in the head and shoulders by carry-on luggage she said 'Well I sorry you have inconvenience\". Now that Alaska Airlines is flying non-stop from Portland to Honolulu I will never fly Hawaiian Airlines again."
"SFO-HNL-SFO in first class. I have to say their service should be a standard for all US based airlines. Outstanding customer service and food was amazing."
"Sydney to Honolulu return. Check-in at Sydney was good and flight on time. The staff SYD-HNL may as well not have been there. One female attendant was extremely unfriendly and really did not want to be there. Food was mediocre at best but it was an overnight flight so not so bad I guess as most of the time was spent sleeping! Honolulu to Sydney was the opposite. The staff went out of their way to oblige in all requests. Service with a smile and there was plenty of it. Drinks frequent meals were ok and flight went smoothly. It is an older style plane and not the most comfortable but I was prepared for all the little negatives."
"Helpful check-in people brilliant crew. Nice cabin clean fresh aircraft. Best economy airline in USA by a long way."
"LAS-HNL-LIH. Midnight madness flight out of Las Vegas at 1.40pm. We could not drop our bags until after midnight as they opened late had only two or three staff on hand and they were dealing with would be stand-bys leaving ticketed passengers to stand and wait and wait. Finally got onboard and got off. The new A330s are good planes. Seat back screens in all classes clean and as comfortable as economy gets. Arrived in Honolulu early morning and transferred over to the inter-island section. small plane arrived on time the flight over to Kaua'i was a mere 20 minutes but was so rough no beverage service was attempted. Not a problem. On the way back it was all pretty smooth. The meals/snacks on the long flights are small but very welcome. There were many drink rounds and the staff did appear to genuinely care about the customers. If only they could sort out staffing on the mainland!"
"Sydney to Honolulu and purchased internal flights to Kahului and Hilo. SYD-HNL was good considering the price paid if you compare to other airlines offering the same route. The staff were friendly and attentive. The inter-island flights departed on time and the service was again enjoyable- and loved the views of the Hawaiian Islands."
"LAX-HNL-ITO return economy and first. LAX-HNL segment on an old but immaculate 767-300. Bulkhead row with plenty of legroom and enough room to change a nappy (diaper) on the floor. Hawaiian Airlines is the only US airline to offer complimentary food in all classes on domestic flights - food was quite tasty. The inflight entertainment was average - for $15 you can rent a cumbersome hand-held unit with 12-15 movies 12-15 TV programmes music videos and audio tracks. The $15 is pretty steep but it's better than standard IFE on other US airlines. HNL-ITO and ITO-HNL on B717-200s which have assigned seats and first class cabin. Service very good and beverages ae offered on the 40 minute flights. HNL-LAX segment with the new A330-200. We upgraded to first class for $300 per seat - recliner seats have adjustable legrests and footrests and recline to about 130 degrees. The controls are non-electronic and the legrests are a bit difficult to push back in place. Food service very good. Hawaiian's first class is very good value for flights to the USA but does not compete with Korean Qantas Delta or the Asian airlines on flights to the Pacific Rim. Service on all flights is cordial and friendly and FA's are more professional and customer-friendly than other US airlines."
"Sydney to Oahu Oahu to Las Vegas return. The crew were great. When we landed back in Hawaii from Vegas another passenger accidentally took my friends cabin bag. Within half an hour the crew had located the passenger (he was well on his way home along the freeway apparently.) The luggage was returned intact."
"Honolulu-Hilo-Honolulu on the same day. Low price flights on time good Boeing 717. Soft drink served on 40mins flight."
"I think this is one of the few airlines that still serves meals at no charge when flying from the mainland. Flight attendants were accomodating and helpful. No problems at all with check in flight left on time and we were as comfortable as one can be in economy class for a long flight."
"LAX-HNL-KOA return First Class. LAX Premier Club Lounge very small and basic with limited food and drink options. Transpacific flights on new A330 but old style reclining seats with a footrests a big let-down. IFE screen and choices very good. Catering quite tasty for domestic first class though quality was much higher out of LAX than HNL. Flight attendants professional and attentive. Inter-island first class is not value unless you're on a through fare. HNL airport is in serious need of a make-over - old poorly run counter-intuitive muted staff and barebones lounges. For a US carrier HA is not a bad operation but not all that special in any way either."
"LAX-HNL roundtrip First class on new A330. Good seat and legroom though expected more recline for newer plane that they plan to use for future international routes. Service was great! Meal was good (get to pick 3 of 5 choices on menu). IFE great enjoyed the selection of movies and programming. Flew coach back on new A330 and pretty impressed - more legroom and slightly better recline than older Hawaiian 767s. Have to pay for movies/videos on IFE in coach though. One of the few domestic airlines that still serve complimentary meals in coach."
"Las Vegas to Honolulu good on time flight coach seating adequate best seats for legroom are 26AC or 26HJ on Boeing 767 aircraft. First Class seating looked good but not worth paying anything over $250 for upgrades on US Mainland to Hawaii flights would obviously be happy to pay more for longer distance flights. Good choice of meal you can have a free meal or choose to pay for an upgraded meal which I did and was a good move free coffees and soft drinks. Very friendly and smiling cabin crew great start to Hawaiian trip."
"Honolulu to Las Vegas. Very helpful guy at Honolulu airport got us through the boarding process fast this seemed to set the standard on our flight everything went well. I have flown on a number of American airlines any this flight was as good as I have had to date. The food is typical USA airline style but far from the worst I have had. Only one complaint this was the coldest flight I have ever been on in over 35 years of flying it is the first time I have ever found it necessary to wrap myself in an airline blanket 90% of the passengers were similarly wrapped in blankets. My wife asked why the plane was so cold but none of the crew seemed to know."
"First Class LAX to HNL-LIH. First class was mediocre. The first class cabin was quite crowded seats weren't that large. Nothing was electric on the seat an older manual style. The entertainment consisted of small video units passed out to each passenger -entertainment choice was terrible. The food was ok drinks were fine. The staff was exceptionally nice and the cabin was clean. It was all quite mundane and functional."
"SYD-HNL-SYD on B767-300. Very pleasant flight with good service entertainment and food. Comfortable seats with very good leg room. Cabin crew polite and friendly. Cabin kept clean. Plenty of water offered during flight."
