"x"
"Verified Review | New York to San Francisco in Mint Class. Quick and easy check in at New York JFK, on time boarding and departure. The 'mini suite' seats in Mint class are fantastic. Spacious, comfortable and private. Great entertainment options, free fast wifi, decent food and very good drinks. Excellent cabin crew, friendly and attentive. Flight arrived on time. Sadly my luggage didn't make it, but the ground staff were very helpful and sympathetic. In the end I had to travel to the airport the next day to pick up my bag, which put a damper on an otherwise excellent and great value flight. If my bag had arrived on time i would give them 10/10"
"Verified Review | This is my first experience with Jetblue and I have to say I am pleasantly surprised. Me and my family flew from New York to San Diego and then back a week later. Everything from check in to boarding was smooth and on time. We enjoyed the pleasant staff, the extra leg room, the unlimited snacks and soft drinks, also had alcoholic beverages both ways and never got charged for any. We enjoyed the Direct TV on each seat and the endless list of movies. We checked in a car seat for our son on way abck and we received it wrapped at JFK at no charge. The flight attendant on the return flight remembered us from the inbound flight a week prior, which I thought was pretty cool. Overall a great experience! The only downside for me was the comfort of the seats, I found them a little uncomfortable."
"Verified Review | Ft. Lauderdale to Nassau. I normally find their staff to be pretty friendly and accommodating for the most part, but today was very special. Today we thought we'd try our luck and ask to switch to an earlier flight home and got to the airport about an hour before the next available flight and explained our situation to the attendant. No hesitation whatsoever. Things unfortunately got a little complicated when there was a glitch in their system, but staff remained patient and friendly and even called the gate to make sure it remained open for us. They didn't even charge for the ticket change. To top this off, when we arrived at the gate, the flight attendant who recognized us from our previous flight came up to say hello. He asked us what seats we had and after realizing we were way in the back, he immediately changed our seats to the \"Even More Leg-Room\" seats without us even asking for it. No charge either! He even invited us to board first. I appreciate these gestures that the JetBlue staff have done for me and my dad in this rather difficult time for us. This review is meant to be a sort of thank you to the amazing staff. I look forward to flying with JetBlue again, as always."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Las Vegas. Despite the flight leaving an hour late, I still managed to have a pleasant flight. Crew were great, and I was also surprised that there was complementary wifi onboard. Not many carriers that I've traveled on offer this amenity free! If I have an option to travel within the USA, I would choose JetBlue Airways."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Syracuse. I have flown Jet Blue on and off since it first came into existence. Over the last 10 years my trips have primarily been to destinations that Jet Blue doesn't cover, but a flight to Syracuse took me back into their flight paths. I was very pleased on my outbound flight to find them just the same and more legroom than I get on international flights. But what made this trip better is that I needed a change in my (non-changeable) flight due to a family emergency and was pretty distraught on the phone. The person assisting me was professional and comforting and took care of getting me on the best flight to get me home, and made a hard trip far far easier. My typical flights are still outside the Jet Blue coverage areas, so I can't fly them as often as I would like after this experience: hoping this review makes up for that. Thank you for your kindness at a difficult time."
"Verified Review | Boston to Cleveland. Jetblue surprises me as a low-cost airline. The staffs were professional and courteous. I ordered two little bottles of white wine, and normally they would charge for it, but the attendant on my flight just said to me: \"don't worry about the payment, enjoy your wine first, I will come back later\", and he never came back to charge me! And I don't think anyone was charged for his drinks. On top of that, eveyone has a screen in front him/her to watch DirectTV, or if the flight is more than two hours, free movies! The Wifi on the flight was also free if you are a member of Jetblue\"s frequent flyer program. I would definitely keep Jetblue in mind when flying US domestic flights in the future."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale return. I would like to thank JetBlue for making our travel a little bit easier our flight was delayed for hours and we had three children first time flying for them. They let my children go into the cockpit and look around this was awesome for them. We had a nice flight, when we departed from Fort Lauderdale we got held up in security due to my youngest daughter leaving a tablet in her bag that I forgot to take out - a representative from jetblue came and took my husband and three children to the gate to board and came back got my bag and rushed me to the gate. Thank you jetblue for making sure my family came home together."
"Verified Review | Had a stopover in Boston, coming from Lisbon to Washington DC. Stopover was originally 5 hours, but bad weather ended up making it 7. A lot of the flights were getting cancelled to Washington, so lots of people were trying to get standby on mine. I ended up hanging out in the corner near the gate's counter for about 5 hours, watching the Jetblue employees work. They seemed to be very friendly and accommodating with the flyers and I imagine it was very stressful. After sitting in the corner for 5 hours, one of the Jetblue employees asked to see my ticket and put me in a much better, premium seat and allowed me to board first because he felt bad I had spent so many hours at the gate. The flight and crew was also great. I've flown Jetblue only a few times, but have yet to experience an unpleasant experience."
"Verified Review | Boston to Philadelphia. The airport staff that helped me with booking of my flight was helpful. I requested an earlier flight instead of the stated flight time that was given to me in Lisbon, and the staff did everything to get me on board with the earlier time. I would give 5 star for this service."
"Verified Review | I always fly JetBlue - every time there is always exceptional service provided. From Santo Domingo to New York JFK, the flight attendant onboard was super friendly and helpful, and made this flight very pleasant and enjoyable. Thank you Jetblue for always providing such outstanding service. Will continue to fly with this airline."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to New York. Today was my 10th flight with JetBlue. Boarding was fast and efficient, 30 minutes after takeoff water bottles were handed out, orders taken for soft drinks and snacks handed out later on. The leg room was very good for this 5.5 hour leg. I purchased a cheese and cracker box for $9 which was amazing as well as a few drinks. An hour before landing crew members passed by with water bottles again. The downside on the A321 is that the remote on the seat is in the middle of the armrest and I kept on accidentally hitting the volume, I had to fiddle a little with the head phone jack. Wi-Fi worked perfectly throughout the flight and it was free. All the flight attendants were more than friendly."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Hartford. Check-in was efficient and orderly. We flew with a all-male crew. The announcer was amusing, informative, and entertaining It was a pleasant change. Service was great and made it a lot easier to deal with the hollering toddler. Good job JetBlue."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles. This morning's flight was my ninth with JetBlue. Service was superb. Water bottles plus drink and snack service were given out about half hour after takeoff, a couple of trash runs made and if you needed to get anything the little fridge in between Mint and Even More Space with snacks as well as the back galley, towels were given out during initial descent. I bought a chicken sandwich since I was starving and it wasn't bad. I love the fact that I'm Even More Space you get so much room to stretch your legs out. The airline offered many free movies on demand as well as directTV. Looking forward to my flight back to NYC on Monday."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to San Jose (Costa Rica). Boarding process was very relaxed despite the fact the the flight was full. We paid the upgrade to \"even more space\". The comfort and space were unparalleled. Wifi on board, Live TV. Staff willing to help. Everything was on time. Right before taking off we were notified that there was a problem with one of the slides. They attempted to repair it while we were on board and were unable to do so. They apologized and had to request that we get off the airplane while they tried to work on it. The captain remained at the gate updating passengers as he received information. They managed to fix everything within 30 minutes. All in all, we were delayed by 2 hours. But we understand that it happens. The airline did what it needed to do: fix the problem and make sure the passengers were safe, informed and reassured. The flight was flawless, service was great. Attendants were professional, kind and taking care of passengers. In 24 hours I received an email with an airline credit and apologies for the delay. On our way back, we sat in regular economy seats. Leg room was ample. Service was amazing. Couldn't ask for more."
"Verified Review | First time flying with Jetblue from Detroit to Ft Lauderdale and I'm writing this review while I'm in the air because the wifi is free. Incredible service from staff and I fly frequently (delta, spirit, etc). The captain introduced himself before we flew and made sure to welcome us at the gate. I'm in an incredibly nervous flyer and when we hit turbulence the captain made sure not only to switch the seatbelt sign on and he took the time to reassure the passengers. He made me feel so much safer. The seats had plenty of room and the staff were excellent. Definitely will be flying Jetblue again."
"Verified Review | This was the first time I have flown Jetblue flying from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale, but it will not be the last. I was impressed from beginning to end. The check in staff were helpful and friendly. My flight attendants were excellent. The departures and arrivals both ways were flawless. The on-board amenities are bar none. In this day an age, excellent customer service is hard to find."
"Verified Review | Flew home last night flight from Las Vegas to New York JFK, flight 1248. Wanted to give credit where credit is due! This was the first flight I have flown where the captain came over the PA and made an announcement assuring us about the turbulence, how uncomfortable it can be for us but to be reassured the aircraft can handle these type of situations and not to worry. I felt he did everything he can possibly do to try and avoid the constant turbulence to make for a peaceful flight. Will make sure to make JetBlue as my first flight choice in the future."
"Verified Review | The only criteria to book my connecting flight from Boston to JFK on this airline was the very convenient departure time. I had not flown on this airline before nor did I have any idea what I was going to expect. From entering the Terminal C in Boston until leaving the dedicated Terminal in JFK it was a unique and breathtaking experience. When I approached the self-check-in kiosks at Logan a smartly dressed employee came up to me and assisted me through the entire process. The whole check-in area had more the appearance of an After-work-lounge than an airport facility. Everything looked so classy, like out of some Hollywood movie. There were no lines at security and I was through in a breeze. Doors were closed on time. The seats on the small Embraer jet were comfortable, even for me as a tall guy. I took advantage of the live television broadcast on the individual screens and caught up with the latest political and weather news. There was a 30-minute-departure delay out of Boston but we reached the gate at JFK right on time. In-between the young and enthusiastic crew served softdrinks and snacks of high quality. Jet Blue is without any doubt the best American domestic carrier I have ever flown on."
"Verified Review | Austin to New York JFK. This is my 8th flight on jetBlue and service has always been impeccable. Crew are pretty friendly. On this flight there were two movies available for free , Wi-Fi, drinks and snacks were complimentary too and served about 45 mins after takeoff for our 3.5 hour flight back to New York. I flew with my partner as usual on a buddy pass and this time we were given one row each on Even More Space but opted to sit together, flight was almost full. The best thing about flying on the Embraer 190 is that it's one row of 2 seats on each side of the aircraft so if you're a couple like us there's no one sitting on either side. Thanks again for great service."
"Verified Review | Rochester to Albuquerque. My father flew alone with the assistance of the wonderful crew of Jet Blue. My father has Vascular Dementia and with the assistance from the employee he made it safe from New York to New Mexico. I cannot say how thankful I am to the flight crew staff at Jet Blue for getting my dad home safely and accommodations they made to make him comfortable with his medical condition."
"Verified Review | West Palm Beach to New York JFK with Jetblue Airways. Brand new plane, very nice entertainment, wifi is excellent - I can chat with my friends while in the air. But my concern was the food which was not that great. Staff are excellent and friendly, but they need to offer good snacks. The interior of the plane is clean."
"Verified Review | Flew from Orlando to New York-JFK with Jetblue Airways. A brand new A321 was awaiting me at the gate. Aircraft was in great shape and the interiors were excellent. Professional service at MCO with a smooth and on-time check-in. A great variety of snacks and drinks are complimentary, which is something not seen in other domestic US carriers. Another aspect of JetBlue which made the journey comfortable was the complimentary Wi-Fi. Great service onboard and the journey seemed shorter than it usually feels due to the great facilities onboard. JetBlue is surely my choice of travel for all domestic journeys in the USA due to its modern fleet and great service."
"Verified Review | West Palm Beach to Westchester. I love Jetblue, however staff never follow their own rules regarding carry on baggage? 2 bags - a carry on and 1 personal item. One bag in the overhead space. If they actually enforced this, there would be room for everyone. I sit and watch people get on the plane with 3, sometimes 4 bags and I watch them put everything in the overhead bins. Then, people that pay just as much as everyone else, but board later, have to check their bags. This is so frustrating. Enforce the rules Jetblue - it's not that difficult."
"Verified Review | Chicago to New York JFK. I first flew Jetblue in 2008/09. I was sceptical then to give a review as I thought let me give it some time, see if they are consistent. I love JetBlue because they are punctual, and the seats are the most comfortable of any airline I've flown, there is heaps of leg room in economy class. There is a screen in the back of the seat directly in front of me and I can watch whatever I choose to. In all a very comfortable, pleasant airline to fly with. I choose Jetblue over all others. Thank you for your service!"
"Verified Review | San Juan to New York JFK. This is has been my fourth flight with JetBlue using a buddy pass with my partner and service has been awesome. Flight time was slightly under four hours back to JFK. Checkin at San Juan was a breeze since we had nothing but backpacks so we just printed the tickets on a machine and after arriving at the gate were informed our flight was gonna be delayed which wasn't a big deal. Afterwards we were called and assigned seats on Even More Space right behind L2. Flight attendants were extremely courteous and offered me a free snack box which was absolutely delicious. Afterwards drinks and snacks were served and we had a pretty smooth ride back home. I love the fact that each time I have flown with JetBlue everyone seems so upbeat from the ground crew to the flight crew. Looking forward to our next flight in a month or so."
"Verified Review | Hartford to Orlando. I recently flew this 2 hour 30 minute flight with a friend. Shortly after take-off I noticed my TV was not working. I quickly notified a flight attendant who was very nice and accommodating, and offering to switch my seat or offer me a credit towards next flight. Flying with a friend I opted out of changing my seat. Everyone was very nice and I love flying with Jetblue as I do often. However I was a little disappointed that I could not just sit back, watch a movie and enjoy the flight."
"Verified Review | Boston to Orlando. I highly recommend JetBlue Airways. The aircraft was clean and spacious, and the flight crew was attentive and helpful. I really appreciated that there was free WiFi and over 30 television networks available for free. I have taken a few other flights with different airlines in the last year, and JetBlue was the only one that I've experienced that included those aspects free of charge. The seating was also more comfortable."
"Verified Review | Orlando to new York. We would like to thank Jamila from JetBlue Airways for her outstanding customer service. Our flight from Orlando to Boston got cancelled and thus we got stuck in Orlando with our young daughter. She made every effort possible to accommodate us and to get our family home. Bravo! What an employee devoted to customer service you have."
"Verified Review | Flew Jetblue Airways from LaGuardia to Ft Lauderdale. On time. Very efficient. Good inflight service. Highly recommend. Very pleased with the whole experience. I'm on the flight now and felt compelled to write since I was so satisfied. It seems JetBlue thinks about all their processes and ways to be most efficient and customer-service oriented. For example, they take your drink order and bring the drinks instead of blocking the whole aisle with a drink cart. Smart."
"Fort Lauderdale to New Orleans with Jetblue. The attendants are always helpful at the front kiosks. Very attentive and helping quickly. At the terminal they have tables with plenty of outlets and charging stations for phones. On board the flight attendants are nice but the selection of food / drinks is limited. The onboard wifi only works when flying near or over land so that didn't work 100% of the flight but the TV worked the entire flight. Checked baggage reached the carousel quickly. Overall Jetblue delivers everything you need with some added luxuries."
"Orlando to Boston with JetBlue. Our flight was extremely pleasant. Our flight attendant was amazing and made sure we comfortable our entire flight. I have flown with JetBlue several times and I have always had a great experience. Highly recommend others."
"Verified Review | Jetblue is a great example of \"cheap and cheerful\". OK, it was really a short round trip between Boston and New York (40 to 45 minutes each way), but from experience, this does not mean unpleasant surprises can't happen. The flight out was a new route to LaGuardia so the passengers even got a free morning snack (bagel with some jam). Unlike most airlines, Jetblue did not threaten people forcing them to surrender their cabin baggage, but instead asked for a specific number of volunteers. Our flight back was at 11pm, but we arrived earlier, and it turns out that Jetblue can try to put you on an earlier flight for free (if it's just one flight earlier). They managed to fit us on a flight one hour earlier. Both flights were on time despite going between very busy airports, and since the allotted time takes into consideration possible delays, we arrived earlier than scheduled in both times. The best part is how organized Jetblue flights are. From a boarding procedure that, like in APAC, fills the back rows first so that long queues don't get stuck behind, to the way they distribute drinks (ask first, then only bring what's needed instead of pushing the trolley for half an hour)."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Jose Costa Rica to Orlando. Jetblue's A320 has the most comfortable seating in economy that I have been in and at 6' 4\" and 300 pounds that is a very positive thing. Unfortunately, that is about the only positive. Fares were reasonable but the absurd $55 for two bags and $20 for one is a pure ripoff. They provided nothing except soft drinks/juice on the flight, the snacks were tiny and even the overpriced food they were pushing looked like something out of a nightmare. It seems to me that with fuel prices half what they were a couple of years ago, completely booked flights and charging for every amenity they could be a bit more generous. In contrast, an Avianca flight from Panama City, Panama to San Jose earlier in the day had a perfectly acceptable breakfast snack with quality products and no baggage fees. Outdone by a Colombian airline."
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Fort Lauderdale. All-around great experience with Jetblue Airways! At the airport, the ground crew were excellent. Booked a 'Need more Space' seat. It was comfortable and spacious (row 1). Flight crew was amazing and the luggage came off quickly. Plane was not new, but relatively clean. All TVs functioned well. Free 'Flyfi' was a great bonus! My only complaint might be that the tray table, which came up out of the arm and was hinged in the middle, was bent so it was difficult to put a beverage on and remain confident that it would not end up in my lap. All in all, two thumbs up!"
"Boston to Las Vegas with Jetblue. It had been sometime since I'd taken a US domestic flight so was unsure what to expect at check-in. However, it was easy and quick which made the early morning flight a breeze. Boarding (row by row) however, became a little complicated as the announcer didn't speak clearly. It was a 5 hour flight and although you have to pay for refreshments (no cash accepted) they provided 2 complimentary (soft and hot) drinks and snack service. Arrived early into LAS and baggage collection was prompt. Will use again."
"New York JFK to Orlando with Jetblue. Ever since I moved to Florida I have been taking a lot of trips back and forth to New York. I am always shopping around to save. I have tried other airlines and in the end Jetblue always turns out to be a better experience. The planes are roomy, there is a TV for everyone and you end up saving more than with other airlines. Other airlines try to get you with a cheaper ticket and then over charge you for carry-on. With Jetblue your carry on is free and checked baggage fees are not too high. They always offer you a drink and a snack for your trip. I love to fly Jetblue."
"Newark to Boston. Being a first time flyer on jetBlue, the trip was excellent. Amazing service from crew, very polite and welcoming. They walk you through each step from check in and to boarding. My flight only lasted around fifty minutes and the seat and entertainment system kept me happy. There are over 75 different live TV channels to choose from. As a bonus that comes with the system is a flight map and Sirus XM radio! I will definitely recommend jetBlue to anyone!"
"Verified Review | You get what you pay for with Jetblue. Simple formula that works very well. Flew from Orlando to Salt Lake City. Perhaps the age of the plane varies, thus the seat designs change, but overall it’s a predictable formula which I very much appreciate in the US. This was a 4.5 hour flight, so quite long. We paid for extra legroom, which to me makes all the difference. Was worth it. I didn’t eat throughout the flight, but got plenty of water and was on the wifi the whole time which worked very well. For short-haul flights, JetBlue is the way to go."
"Normally flying out of Boston-Logan we fly JetBlue a lot. The service is great, and food is good for a short flight. Flight entertainment is excellent, with Direct TV and SiriusXM. Flight has aways been on time. Very quick check-in. Seats are excellent for short flights, and extra-legroom is worth it. They also have a lot of international partners so it is easy for connections, especially at Boston-Logan since Terminal C is only a few minuets from Terminal E."
"I just want to give a shout out for the excellent service I received from Jetblue staff. I loved flying with your company. We flew to the Dominican Republic to do some humanitarian work and we traveled with a lot of equipment. Jetblue staff notified us that there was no charge for the luggage carrying dental supplies for our trip. This was wonderful! I was very impressed with everything about Jetblue. This was my first time flying JetBlue and I traveled with my immediate family members plus one niece and one set of grandparents. Our group was eight in total. We loved the snacks, the fact that we got our own television for each person and the extra leg room. One of our flights left in the middle of the night and the snooze pack was the best! I would love to see flights out of Boise, Idaho."
"Verified Review | I have previously written a less than kind review about Spirit Airlines. Because of a previous unpleasant trip with Spirit I decided to try Jetblue Airways on a recent trip. I can not say enough good things about the company and its employees. First, I had to cancel an earlier flight with them due to a sudden illness of my wife. They were very accommodating and gave me a credit that was good for a year. I finally was able to take that trip in the last couple of weeks. We flew roundtrip from Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. Both directions were absolutely on time. The seats were comfortable and the crew was fantastic. Thanks Jetblue for a great trip."
"Flew San Francisco to New York JFK. Jetblue mint class surpasses any international business class I have flown. Amazing comfort, great entertainment, great food along with warm and efficient service. This is my third Mint experience and I am hooked. Free wi-fi, live Direct TV, tapas style food, lay flat seats with duvets make this a world class experience."
"New York JFK to Orlando. This was my first time traveling with JetBlue. The service was excellent and the staff was very professional. They were very polite and kind. My only concern was the TSA staff in JetBlue premises who were rude and sarcastic to my family which made them very upset. It was a very unpleasant experience to start our vacation."
"Fort Lauderdale to Nassau with Jetblue. JetBlue never fail to disappoint with their amazing service on the ground and in the air - especially with all of their inflight \"amenities\", such as TV's at every seat and free snacks and drinks. Being such as quick flight they offered their express service which consisted of a bottled water and choice of cookies, blue chips, or pretzels. Since JetBlue isn't that expensive, I would opt out to fly them at anytime. My only hope would be that they connect between more places on the west coast, but understandable since they are an east coast airline. Other than that, JetBlue tops my list"
"Orlando to San Juan with Jetblue. I was pleasantly surprised with the value. Low price, free snacks and drinks, WiFi, free Premium movies, Direct Tv, Sirius radio, spacious and comfortable seats, staff was friendly - I loved it. Will definitely fly with Jetblue again."
"I was traveling from New York to Bridgetown, Barbados and I enjoyed my four hour flight on JetBlue Airways. My only complaint was I just wish there was more legroom, as a tall person it was a little tight and having my legs go numb wasn't so great. The flight attendants were extremely friendly mixed with a little humor, and there were unlimited snacks. I would definitely fly with JetBlue again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to New York JFK. More legroom and free Wi-Fi, plus power outlets for every seat. JetBlue's standard legroom is what you get if you upgrade to premium economy on other airlines. Virgin America is close, but tends to be more expensive. Each seat has excellent on-screen entertainment. The food choices are good and reasonable, with unlimited free brand-name snacks. And they fly nonstop from BUR to JFK!"
"My flight from Albuquerque to New York JFK was delayed due to weather issues but I didn't mind as safety is first - ground services were nice. I was Verified Review | surprised with the legroom space that was awesome. Flight crew were nice, helpful and polite. Snacks were okay, nothing special. I have to mention cheap fares and really nice service. I was happy with trip."
"West Palm Beach to Newark. When I realized that I left my laptop on the plane I was already shopping for a new one. Low and behold it was delivered to lost and found in baggage claim. God bless the person cleaning the plane that returned it. Other reasons I will always fly JetBlue, they are friendly at the airport and on the plane. Free wifi and they even make sure that you are able to access -so nice to the kids. Free drinks and snacks, and if your -kid needs two bags of chips, no problem. Upgrades when they can. I had told the woman at the ticket counter that me and my kids were in the last row going to Florida. She took my tickets and told me to check back in an hour with her. When I came back she remembered my name and had already printed the new tickets for Seat 1A 1B and 1C. Need I say more. Jetblue is all about customer service."
"I recently flew standby on JetBlue from Fort Myers, Florida to Boston, then from Boston to Chicago. I was originally going to fly to New York and then to Chicago, but when I arrived at the airport my chances of making it to New York on standby were slim. Jetblue realised this problem, and put me on the earlier flight to Boston instead, which had more seats. The flight to Chicago from Boston was 30 minutes after we arrived, so they placed me in the first row so I would not have any troubles or delays getting off the plane to make it to my next flight. The Jetblue staff was extremely understanding, compassionate, and an overall great employee! Thank you JetBlue for your excellent customer service and always going the extra mile!"
"It was a short flight from Greater Rochester to New York JFK, only an hour, due to depart at 5:45 a.m., lifted off at 6. Flight attendants were great, and the pilot/copilot did a great job also. I appreciated their decision to deice just before takeoff. It was raining, but had been a wintry mix overnight, and it probably would have been fine without the deicing, but it just made me feel better. Good job, JetBlue, you are my go to airline."
"Flew Jetblue from Des Moines to Chicago O'Hare. We were on time, but due to the size of the aircraft and how small it was for an hour long flight, the queuing took a great deal of time and also due to the size, I could not see the safety demonstration. Seats were far more cramped than other aircrafts. I do not believe there was any inflight entertainment or wifi included."
"I flew with JetBlue from Boston to Detroit last week as a connecting flight from Dublin Ireland. The aircraft was larger than the usual E190 flown to Detroit which was a bonus on this occasion. The staff were friendly and full of energy on the ground and in the aircraft. They also gave me a more room seat which usually costs extra for free which was great. The snacks and drinks were free too. The seats were comfortable, wifi is free and worked perfectly and there is also free TV. I have flown with JetBlue before and they have always been great to fly with."
"I often fly JetBlue airways. Having switched from American Airlines to JetBlue has been a great experience. Considering it is more so a budget type of airline the service is quite on par to their prices. The customer service is courteous and friendly. The airline has started to outfit their planes with new seats and better inflight entertainment screens. The food service amounts to chips and cookies, but again, it's a budget airline so they serve food accordingly. Recently they have started to charge for baggage but if you book online they do offer a better rate than most other airlines that charge. Furthermore, you can see some of the improvements (as previously mentioned, newer seats and better inflight entertainment screens). Overall JetBlue has provided great service and the customer service reps and cabin crew tend to be quite friendly and courteous."
"This is my first time flying JetBlue round-trip, and I am pleasantly surprised! It's easy to see the difference between this and other domestic airlines. The additional space in regular economy made more than a difference than I thought. The flight crew was courteous and helpful and complimentary snack selection is better than other domestic airlines. I liked that the flight attendants didn't walk up down the aisle with carts - it allows them to get through so much faster and doesn't trap people in the aisle when they're trying to go to the restroom. I had never thought that doing away with the carts would be such a good idea, but now I do!"
"This was my first time flying Jetblue Airways. I have been flying many others such as United, Delta etc but I have to say that my experience with Jetblue was so much better than other domestic airlines. Their seats were much more comfortable, leg space in economy class more than in another airlines. I wasnt forced to check my carry on luggage as I usually am with United. Flight departed and arrived on time. In plane they have much wider choice of snacks plus you can ask for as many packages as you wish, same with sodas. All seats had small screens and I was able to watch TV channels for free. They had about 37 complimentary channels, basic news channels, comedy etc. The reason why i chose to try this airline was beacuse they had the lowest price for my selected travel dates and after this great experience I would fly with them again."
"I had a positive experience with this airline. I flew United Airlines down to Florida and I took Jetblue on the way back up. As soon as I boarded Jetblue, I noticed many differences from United and other legacy U.S. carriers. Jetblue has much more legroom, the seats are more comfortable, entertainment is free, staff are much more attentive and engaging, and the complimentary snack selection is quite good."
"We were flying from San Juan to Worcester, MA with Jetblue Airways. The flight from San Juan to Fort Lauderdale was delayed by 4 hours which would have had us miss our connecting flight to Worcester. Gate agent got us on a flight through Orlando to Boston Logan, made sure our bags were transferred and provided directions to get ground transportation from Logan to Worcester. Upon arrival in Logan the agent was quick to provide a taxi voucher to Worcester and we were on our way. This is an airline that goes above and beyond to get their customers to their final destination. The unlimited snacks, drinks, live tv and wifi on board are also great."
"Flew into Ft Lauderdale from Turks and Caicos last evening to connect to a flight going to DCA. When we (4 of us) realized that our flight was delayed coming from Syracuse, we went to a gate agent, who was a tremendous help to us. She managed to move us to an earlier flight and she also moved our baggage. She was extremely friendly and accommodating. Thank you."
"JetBlue from Nassau to Fort Lauderdale. The check in process was nice and short and boarding process a breeze. The flight attendants were happy, they gave out a variety of snacks but since the flight is a short 30 minutes we only got water which was very acceptable. There was also flight entertainment system. The bagging system was very fast."
"New York to San Francisco. JetBlue are a great airline. I like that they have challenged the airline norms and created their own flight experience. If only more airlines would do this. The plane was modern, clean and simple, perfect for a short haul flight. The staff were friendly, the seats comfortable for a domestic flight and the flight was pleasant. I liked the individual attention when ordering food and beverage, not like the usual trolleys in cattle class. I would fly this airline again ahead of many others."
"Ft Lauderdale to Detroit return with Jetblue. The boarding agents at Ft Lauderdale were not helpful. I had a seat but my husband did not and they would not seat us together without us paying more because they only had \"more leg room\" seats available. Not a good experience with the check in agents at Ft Lauderdale. When we left Detroit the agents were nicer."
"The Jetblue flight from Buffalo to Boston was cheap and they have good service as well. The ground staff were very friendly. During the flight you get something to drink and some snacks. The entertainment is awesome, and on yor personal display you can watch films, and you can recieve the TV programmes too. The seat are big and comfortable."
"I flew Jetblue from Cleveland to Ft. Lauderdale on Dec. 30, 2015 and was pleasantly surprised at the amount of legroom in economy. The plane was clean and spacious. I was also surprised to see a decent selection of snacks offered (for free) as well as soft drinks, tonics, seltzers and tomato juice. Compared to other low-cost airlines this is a bonus. The flight encountered some gulp-worthy turbulence, but the staff was quite friendly and accommodating. The same was true for the return flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Cleveland. Again, the turbulence, but everything else was smooth. We even landed ahead of time. I would recommend Jetblue."
"There was only 3 minutes left to board the plane due to the amount of people at security, we rush through JFK to the JetBlue area. They check in our bags, we ask if we are not too late. They say we are, but they hold the plane for us and we run to the Embraer 190 as fast as we could. This was really kind of the staff. The overall inflight experience was amazing, good staff, good legroom, and very nice staff taking care of the customers."
"My second flight ever on JetBlue wasn't (initially) such a great success. We were just about to take off when the pilot says we have engine problems and had to taxi back to the gate. After several hours of waiting on the plane and in the terminal they announced the flight was canceled and that it would depart the next afternoon. Despite the frustration by this, JetBlue handled the situation extremely well. The pilot and crew kept us informed continually. When we knew we had to overnight they arranged rooms at the Renaissance hotel close by and gave us vouchers for meals. By email we immediately received apology emails and bonus vouchers for future flights. When we finally departed the next day, we had an A320 that had different seats than our inbound brand new A321. Same concept but much older seats and screen. Despite all that, the flight was pleasurable and delivered on its LCC formula. It is definitely worth to pay the extra $$ for extra legroom!"
"My family and I were going to California for an event, and so we decided to use the one domestic airline that we'd used before that we actually liked, Jetblue Airways. We usually fly to Europe with SWISS, and so we have a high standard when it comes to flights, Jetblue Airways met and exceeded those expectations. Terminal 5, their new hub at JFK, is spectacular. Everyone was extremely friendly, there were no lines, boarding was on time, and there were lots of things to see in the terminal. On board, the crew had a great sense of humor, and they were efficient in distributing the variety of free snacks on board. I also bought one of their 'EatUp\" boxes since I was hungry, and it was very high quality. I had plenty of entertainment; they give you free access to DirectTV through the screen in front of you, in addition to free SiriusXM satellite radio and free WiFi. That's pretty darn good by any airline's standard. The plane we were on was also one of their new Airbus A321s, so that certainly helped. We got to LAX ahead of schedule. The only U.S. airline I genuinely enjoy flying on."
"Jetblue Airways from Boston Logan to Washington. Boarding was orderly, the plane was clean and the crew pleasant and seems happy to help. The short flight had a complimentary snack and drinks service which was a nice touch. The snacks comprised of a vegetable or beef pastry option. The crew serving the front half of the plane was very pro active, customer service oriented and communicative."
"Flew Jetblue Airways from LGB to LAS on A320. Long Beach airport does not use a Jet Bridge, so you have to embark and disembark the aircraft using stairs or a ramp. Cabin crew had a great sense of humor and reminded me of Southwest Airlines. Wifi worked extremely well. Even during a short 50 minute flight, JetBlue served drinks, pretzels, and chocolate chip cookies."
"I have flown Jetblue several times over the last year and have been very happy with the experience. Recently, I had booked some flights to and from NY as part of a trip I was planning on to Rome and Paris. Unfortunately, a few days before departure my wife sustained an injury forcing us to cancel all of my flights and hotels. The quality of a company may be seen in its truest light when they do things that are not easily seen. Jet Blue was very understanding of my legitimate medical reason for not traveling (supplied doctors info and letter etc) and promptly, I mean on the phone, provided me with a travel credit that I can use anywhere, anytime (within one year). No third degree - they just did it. Lufthansa came through as well - compare that with what I got from Iberia, which was essentially sorry, use them or lose them! Jetblue are very classy!"
"I really enjoyed the Jetblue experience, and as an early birthday present I decided to upgrade to even more legroom. The check-in experience could have been a bit faster but I am a super early check-in type so it didn't bother me that much. I think Portland security needs to be a bit better. The direct tv onboard made the flight enjoyable and so did the FA's. I really enjoyed this trip."
"On our way back home from the Dominican Republic our plane to New York was delayed about 6 hours. When we first heard this we were so upset because they only have one plane that comes into that small airport but they quickly worked out a plan to get us home. They were going to put us in a hotel overnight in New York but I am a critical care nurse and could not miss any more days of work. Right when they heard this they switched our connecting flight and even changed our destination from San Diego to LAX. They comped our taxi ride, gave us food vouchers and even a coupon for our next flight with them. They made a very stressful situation run so smoothly. They lady at the desk in LAX knew how to be patient with people. She was so helpful and sweet. We will for sure be flying with Jetblue on future flights!"
"Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas. This was my first time flying JetBlue, and my experience was positive. The flight left on time and arrived early into Las Vegas. I had no issue with the flight or service. Monday night football was on, which many were enjoying on their IFE, and the game literally ended as we pulled up to the gate, the timing could not have been better. JetBlue does charge for bags which I paid. And from the time I booked the flight to the time I left the price of the flight only went up (as it should)."
"I was expecting my flight from New York JFK to Los Angeles on JetBlue to be a more budget friendly business class option. I was wrong. Mint is a fantastic design and is superior to many First Class options on other US airlines. The flight attendants were very friendly, and the food was great. Will definitely fly JetBlue in future."
"I hardly ever do reviews but today I flew into St. Georges Grenada from JFK and absolutely had to let Jetblue know how amazing one of their staff was : Kelly at check-in not only expedited my very time rushed transit but also personally brought me an important folder I had left at the counter right into the plane before take off. You're a superstar and I will definitely be paying it forward. Thank you so much. JetBlue, you're lucky to have such an amazing employee!"
"Flew from DC to Boston for the marathon this year. It was only an hour gate to gate, which was one of the shortest flights I've ever flown. They had seatback TVs, that played around 35 channels. The flight attendants weren't very interesting. Served soda and snacks, including peanuts, chips and cookies. Good service overall. Bumpy though, because there was a storm over Cape Cod. Very cheap, but overall it was a very good flight."
"First time on JetBlue and I can now see what the fuss is about. They're excellent. We paid extra for the 'Even More space' seats and it was worth it. Never have had so much leg room on an economy class seat - which is important on this 4.30 hour flight from New York to Aruba. The service was great, the IFE system fantastic and the A321 plane was close to new. The internet worked for part of the flight and was quite fast for being airborne (it only works over US air space - although would be great if it worked for the entire duration of the flight). The only improvement required is the food menu. On such a long flight they should have something more substantial to eat than a processed cheese pack or pretzels."
"I must admit, as a UK resident, I had had some dread about using Jetblue, as I had expected they would be a US equivalent of Ryanair. However, they turned out to be just fine. Booked online weeks in advance, checked in at the airport, all very quick and efficient, flights exactly on time. Big seats and legroom, more than on the international flights we took. I'll give them a 9 even though they left my case in San Francisco (the airport's fault, not theirs), as they got it into the hotel in Las Vegas the same night and provided e-mail updates several times during the process. Really surprised by how nice it was to fly with them."
"We departed October 7th to visit San Juan, Puerto Rico. When we checked in they assigned me a seat but not my sister. The agent said \"they will assign her a seat at the gate\". Totally confused about that we checked everything in and when we got to the gate we explained to the agent for some reason one of us didn't get a seat assignment. We then asked if we could be reassigned to sit together. They first offered us the last seats on the plane, we didn't want those if we didn't have too. After about 5 minutes we had seats in the extra room section. Very pleased with our area lots of room. Our interaction with 2 flight attendants was outstanding and made the flight a delight. Thanks Jetblue for great first time experience!"
"Flew JetBlue from Boston to San Juan return. Check in via kiosk (the app was not working) was fast in both directions, and bag drop lines were not too bad - finished in about 5 minutes. Seats onboard were comfortable, the service onboard was fast and pleasant. Flights were on time. All in all a more than acceptable first (and second) experience with this airline."
"I had my trip set for September 24 to fly out from LAX box to FL Airport and was supposed to return September 29,which was perfect for my Vacation, but things didn't go as planned. My wife called Friday to tell me that my son was in the Hospital. I didn't think twice so I called Jetblue to catch the next fight out. I know I had to pay extra but I didn't care. I was prepared to spend whatever I had to. They really took care of me. I will always fly jetblue."
"I paid the extra $70 to upgrade to an even more room. To me it was well worth it because I had to book late and the alternative was a seat in the middle of a row down the back. For the money you get loads of leg room, actually plenty for a tall man, and you get to sit right up front. At boarding you are one of the first on so you don't have to fight for bin space. I was in 2F so I didn't have far to walk. JetBlue offers free WiFi which you can use for normal access, but you can't download large files unless you want to spend more on the upgraded service. All I wanted was to be able to send progress messages. It worked for that but it wasn't particularly fast. I had a look at the free entertainment, but to me it was rubbish. Just the usual low brow low life shows I wouldn't watch on TV. This is why I don't have cable TV any more. Alaska is a lot better. Food is snacks, if you don't want 100 calorie packs then bring something with you. Don't do what one low life did, nobody wants to share a plane with a burger and fries. The flight was uneventful and landed on time."
"A round trip in Jetblue Mint Class. Both flights were exceptional in every way, from start to finish. Seats, staff, food and entertainment - really the most enjoyable domestic service I have experienced in years. Only complaint, and it is minor, there was no lounge. Jetblue is doing business class right. Major legacy carriers - take note if you want to survive."
"I flew on JetBlue's new A321, and was very impressed. The seats were very comfortable for economy, snacks and drinks they give were great, and the staff was friendly! Out of the airlines I've flown on, JetBlue has been my favorite."
"I was positively surprised by the quality of Jetblue Airways on my flight from Long Beach to Anchorage. Both seat reservatations and luggage were complimentary. Staff was very attentive and a good selection of food and drinks were offered. Compared to other US airlines, the entertainment system is supreme - live TV and a variety of movies can be watched. On top of that, the WiFi was working properly throughout the whole flight."
"JetBlue continues to be our airline of choice when flying domestic. Check-in in Boston should have been a bit faster, but overall, this was an enjoyable experience. We opted for the \"Even More Space\" seats which offer 4-5 extra inches of legroom in rows 1-5 and 10-11. We also got priority boarding which is always nice. JetBlue's entertainment helped make the 6 1/2 hour flight seem like 1 hour. Their map is always helpful too. Due to the limited amount of flights JetBlue operates out of San Francisco, they only have 2 gates and they are both in the international terminal, so we had to walk pretty far to get to baggage claim. Once again, did not disappoint."
"Friendly staff, comfortable, clean aircraft and great selection of complementary refreshments on board. One complaint is a small delay from JFK but other than that the Jetblue experience was pleasant."
"On-time, lots of leg room, choice of free snacks, free TV and movies (outside lower 48), efficient crew, fare cheapest on this sector. Only downside - ads against possible increase in taxes for airline passengers. Would fly again."
"Mint seats are great. Attentive staff, excellent service, great seats, new planes, lovely food. What's not to like. Only issue is LAX airport is seriously grim and there didn't appear to be a lounge. Book and have a great flight."
"We travelled from Orlando to New York JFK on JetBlue Airways and I would like to congratulate the crew and the airline. The crew were very kind to us and we felt that they gave us special attention which made our journey a very pleasant one. Thank you and we definitely will travel with you again and highly recommend you."
"We travelled to Orlando from the UK for a week stay then decided that we wanted to visit Mexico. So we went to a JetBlue travel desk within Orlando International and booked a return ticket to Cancun. The staff were helpful at the desk and the whole boarding procedure was quick and straightforward. On board, our seats were roomy, there was free wifi and TV's in the seat, for a 1hour 50min flight. We even received a free drink and snack. My husband watched football. I thought the cabin crew were presented well and they seem to have much more personality than any other airline I have recently travelled on. I was amazed that Jetblue is considered Budget as it is in a whole other league to the UK budget airline Easyjet. I would fly with them again."
"First time flying with jetblue and will fly again. Thanks for a comfortable flight."
"Both flights to Puerto Rico and back were pleasant. On time and services were great. However, on my way back home, I had a back injury that flared up during the trip and the people from Jetblue were great in assisting me with a wheelchair from beginning to end. I will definately recommend them and use their service in the future."
"Twice a year for 9 years my wife and I fly to family in California and it is a full day trip. We are both handicapped and it has always been hard on us and we were always made to feel like a burden by airlines employees. This year we took Jetblue for the nonstop flight even though Boston airport is over an hours drive. Customer service addressed our special needs from the very start with booking the flight over the phone to finish getting our luggage there and back home and I didn't feel helpless about having a disability."
"We fly JetBlue about 3 times a year, and every time it's satisfying. The legroom is great in even more space, the television is great for entertainment and they actually give you something more than peanuts. Also, every here and there the flight is over two hours and you can get eat up's (which include cheese up, meat up and many more)."
"MSY to BOS on 6th July. I was initially confused and frustrated by the online check in process - they assign seats upon arrival at the gate, and you can only reserve online if you wish to pay for 'More Space' seats in advance. Both the phone and Twitter operatives were helpful when I raised this with them. We arrived at the gate with about an hour to spare, gate staff could not have been more helpful. We asked to have two seats together and were told that this would be resolved once the staff had logged in. 15 minutes later, we were called to the desk and found that we had been assigned to More Legroom at no extra cost. We were delighted with this and the seats were very comfortable. We also loved the DirectTv and Sirius Radio live streaming to the aircraft, a unique touch. The unlimited soft drinks and snacks were appreciated. The flight staff were attentive and approachable. The captain coming out to make the pre-flight briefing personally was a great touch. There was an on-ground delay of an hour due to bad weather in Washington, but the captain kept us fully informed of everything that was going on and since they had the foresight to switch the entertainment on prior to take-off (why doesn't every airline do that), we barely noticed."
"Flew from SFO-JFK and return flight on JetBlue. Both flights left on time and we arrived at both destinations about 30 minutes early. The crew on the flight was attentive and very friendly. Both on the way to New York and back to SF they asked us about ourselves and our trip. The A321 they fly on trans con flights has a snack bar they open up after they come through with the first round of drinks. It's great being able to get up and get your own snacks without having to call a flight attendant. The entertainment was pretty standard they have live TV and movies you can purchase for $5. The flight crew were also informative. We had a pretty intense bout of turbulence but the captain continued to update passengers the whole time."
"The seat and legroom were excellent. On our flight to Puerto Rico from Chicago we felt the cabin crew were less than exceptional. Drinks came but the snack/food service was much later. They didn't pick up the refuse for a long time. We didn't sense that the crew enjoyed their jobs. The entertainment controls did not function on either of our seats. We were not able to take advantage of the entertainment. On the return leg of our trip the crew was marginally better. We purchased headphones but after about an hour my aisle seat controls stopped working. my wife's center seat controls never worked at all. We were happy with the overall flight otherwise. It was nice to be able to get more than a tiny bag of peanuts."
"LAX-BOS A320. Boarding zones were a bit strung out although not helped by the people who would show up to the gate as boarding was going on but should have sped it up. On board everything went smoothly. Quick to take-off so was must not have lost our slot. Crew was above par and standard Jetblue entertainment product and snacks. At least one lady in the row in front of me had a TV that did not work so they reset the system. Not a big deal but if you purchased content and already watching that would be a huge pain. Going to miss when they reduce the pitch as the 34' current is great. Arrived slightly early but the crew seemed a bit disinterested to passengers as departing. However minor point. 9/10."
"Flight 906 on 3/17 and 905 on 3/22. I booked a trip to NYC from Chicago and I chose JetBlue based on price and time of flight. Since I'm a student and I was on a budget and I mainly based my decision on price. It was $220 round-trip. I had really low expectations given that this airline is not a big name like others out there but I'm happy to say I had an excellent experience. Both my flights were on time they offered free snacks (no peanuts here legit snacks!) and soda/tea/coffee. The service and the whole experience was great. I would definitely recommend JetBlue."
"I chose JetBlue because I heard great things. I think I had an unlucky streak in which both of my flights were delayed. One being a leaky valve and the second due to weather (out-of-JetBlues control). JetBlue worked really hard to keep me happy and remain their customer. They provided me a credit no questions asked since the delays affected my transportation routes. For them to do that shows that this type of thing does not happen very often. I will also say that the unlimited snacks beverages not to mention all the leg room was a plus. Although I did not have a perfect experience I would definitely recommend JetBlue. Things happen but JetBlue owns up to it and works hard to keep you a satisfied customer. I respect that and their business model of good customer service. I bet if I didn't have the delays the experience would have been perfect."
"We just did the Jetblue Mint experience LAX to JFK. We are a couple of airline geeks who took this flight as a Valentines Day gift to each other. Our dedicated Mint flight crew greeted us warmly during boarding including a welcome card with their names. Also waiting at our seats were eye masks and bottled water. Before takeoff we each enjoyed a couple of their delicious signature drinks (they're small). After takeoff we were offered more drinks a Birchbox full of gender specific spa products and dinner. Out of 5 or 6 items we were permitted to choose 3 small plates an appetizer and dessert. Honestly I found some of the food excellent and some not quite as good. They were more than happy to replace one of my choices that I wasn't too happy with. The entertainment was great live TV and free wifi. The movies are not on-demand which made it so that I wasn't able to watch one because I was too distracted with the rest of the Mint experience to pay attention to the start times. In case dinner doesn't fill you the A321 has a self-serve snack bar behind the Mint cabin for anytime bagged snacks and drinks. The seats themselves were comfortable for a 5 hour domestic flight. I liked the firmness controls and massage feature. We sat in a 2 seat bank so we could sit together but the single suites looked very nice for people traveling alone. The single seats have more personal space and a privacy door too. Jetblue really thought our the Mint product well. If you book enough in advance the introductory price is a terrific value. Even last minute bookings still price Mint competitively with UA DL and AA on this route."
"Flew jetBlue Mint class New York to LA and return. Overall a great experience. Was seated in 2A one of four 'single suites.' Very comfortable and private especially when reclined with the suite door closed. The only picky comment is there tends to be some wasted space owing to the single seat configuration and the design could have accommodated a greater seat width. You're also removed from the window so mindless gazing is not really an option unless you unbuckle and lean. The perks in Mint are outstanding not just the lie-flat seat with massage feature but the food and beverage selection amenity kit service from the flight staff and the large video screen. As mentioned in previous reviews not touch screen but that didn't really detract from the experience - you couldn't even reach the screen necessarily when fully reclined. Okay selection of feature films but not VOD. The DirecTV feed is great however and really gives no reason to claim you're bored. The wi-fi complimentary at the moment was hit and miss; fairly good responsiveness when working but did suffer from numerous interruptions. Personalized and attentive service was prominent on both legs and flight time seemingly flew (no pun intended) by. At the current introductory price point Mint is outstanding value. Inevitably jetBlue will adjust their fare pricing to reflect the reality of what is offered however even at a higher cost Mint class should be seriously considered before looking at intercontinental business class on other airlines. jetBlue and its staff should be proud of the Mint product and I will look for any excuse to fly Mint class again."
"Buffalo to New York - JFK with a connection to Los Angeles (read the latter segment under a separate review). The flight from Buffalo left and arrived on time. The Even More Space seats are very good with plenty of leg room while also providing the benefit of early boarding. Flight crew was personable and attentive. As a first timer with JetBlue I was impressed. Will definitely fly with them again. Great alternative to a Canadian airline out of Toronto for me."
"JFK-LAX. Mint Service. Like other reviews of this new First Class Jet blue service it is excellent. Overall it ranked higher than most excellent business class carriers and felt more like BA First which I had just flew in on. The level of the service is high as well as the experience. Meals are better than most carriers and was completely impressed. What I liked the most was the Suite which was private and comfortable with plenty of room for a bed with great bedding. Was completely surprised by this level of service in US. The only downside was the movies were not running but there was plenty of other options. The amenities kit and head set are all top notch. They give American and Virgin a run for the money and considering this service is so well priced I will be flying again!"
"In December 2014 I took two separate jetBlue flights one from SFO to JFK and then another from JFK to LAX. These flights were fairly long (5 hours) and I found the service to be quite sterile and mediocre. While it was nice that snacks and drinks were made available throughout the flight there were no healthy options aside from water and if you were not prepared to purchase a meal on board chips and cookies were basically your only options for the flight. I feel that this is standard for a flight that may be 1 or 2 hours long but for a longer 5 hour trip I expect there to be meal service included in the price of the fare. I also suffered from severe pain in my right ear during and after landing on both these flights which I had not experienced on another domestic US flight with a different airline that I had taken around the same time nor on any other flight I have had prior or after these two jetBlue ones."
"Just arrived in NYC (LGA) from Fort Myers with my 3 kids and husband. We were really impressed by our experiences on outgoing and returning flights. Great satisfaction with all aspects of travel - boarding inflight service (healthy food and beverage choices entertainment communication service spacious seats and storage)."
"JFK-IAD ERJ-195 The seat is nice and provides enough legroom. It was a short flight of about 50 minutes. There were personal TV which is good enough for a short flight. You can switch channels to news such as CNN. The flight has snacks and cola for complimentary. It is the best experience I have had on short flight."
"R/T JFK to LIR (Liberia Costa Rica) in Even More Space seats. The EMS seats entitle you to shorter waiting time at the TSA checkpoint which we needed since we were a little late arriving to JFK. We purchased food to bring on board but \"boxes\" are availlable. No Eat Up Cafe (fresh food) is sold on this flight. The EMS seats have lots of leg room which is great. Our flight attendants both ways were friendly and efficient and complimentary snacks and beverages available at all times. Since we were on an international flight the movies were free but they charge $3 for headphones (which I feel JB should comp for the EMS rows). Overall a great experience. We use this service twice annually to visit our home in CR."
"Flew between New York JFK and Fort Myers. Checked in online and bag drop at JFK was quick and easy. Flight left on time was 45 mins quicker than originally advised. Leg room was excellent much better than most international airlines complimentary in flight soft drinks and snacks all in all a very good experience and we will use Jetblue again."
"I flew from Boston to Philadelphia with Jetblue on Monday August 25th. The Airline was punctual and the seats were decent. Great airline to use domestically."
"Flew Mint Class from LAX to JFK and were impressed with the overall experience. We live in Asia and fly Business or First Class on some fantastic full service Asian based airlines but this Jetblue Mint experience can easily beat most of them. We took the 7am flight on a heavy 100 percent full A321 flight. The check in was smooth with a nice welcome from the ground staff. Our luggage were slightly oversize and above the max. 50 pounds allowance per piece but they were flexible on it hence we didn't need to pay the additional fees. We arrived around 5.30 am hence only a few passengers on the security check and didn't bother to use the express line. The boarding was announced at 6:15 am and the Mint passengers got to board first. We were seated in 3A and 3C which is perfect for couple even though the single suite with sliding door in front and the back of our seats row 2 and 4 were more private. The cabin crew were very helpful in explaining the Mint service seat functions and presented us with menu card. The welcome drink with or without vodka were a delight. It took us a while to learn the full features of the seat as they are so unique and not the usual features you find in other carriers. The thick blanket noise canceling headphones power point container for your phones and sunglasses are very thoughtful. The boarding was completed before 7am and the departure was on time. We got to choose 3 out of five meals prepared by Saxon+Parole which were delicious and nicely presented. The Icecream by blue marble and Mah Ze Dahr cookies in a box were of good quality. One feature we love the most is free and fast wifi as soon as we took off. The non stop TV entertainment although not AVOD was cool and we could watch it as soon as we sat down. The in-massage seat function helped us to relax and dozing off for most 5 hours and 30 minutes flight. I am 6 feet tall and I found the seat is comfortable and I was able to stretch flat out. We arrived at JFK 10 minutes earlier than scheduled and were very happy with our experience. Book early for extreme good value and highly recommend the Mint class to anyone looking for a fantastic First class experience at an affordable price."
"Took flight 1834 from Port-au-Prince to JFK on 10/17/14. What a great experience - almost. The personnel were exceptional. They did everything right. My seat was 1D since no one was in the exit row seats they let me move back and allowed my friend in coach to move next to me he is 6 ft 3 so that was great for him. The attendants were on their game the whole trip and got me coffee after their normal serving time without a hitch. Only problem was my seat sound connection crackled so I used the seat connection next to me. No problem as long as no one is directly next to you."
"HPN-MCO. No complaints seats were roomy. Check in was easy both ways. Great entertainment as you could actually watch live TV. No meals offered (short flight). Basic refreshments. Good value!"
"On board Mint class from LAX to JFK. Impressive in all aspects. Seat entertainment food and service. The other carriers better watch out. Provided the pricing remains competitive I'm a convert."
"Flew LAX-JFK return in Mint in Aug/Sep 2014. Check in was fast and efficient although slightly hard to find the Mint line at JFK. The food is some of the best I've had inflight and beats any of the other American airlines I've flown hands down. The seat was slightly narrow but the adjustable firmness and subtle massage made up for it. Warm and efficient friendly cabin crew were very helpful but unobtrusive. Flight to JFK departed 50 minutes late but landed on time. Entertainment system is not on demand and the DirecTV has so many advertisements it is infuriating. The feature movies were ad free though. Overall a very good airline who I would definitely fly with again."
"Flew on Jet Blue 1732 from Bermuda to JFK on Sunday 31/8/2014. Boarding was speedy well organised and efficient with everyone boarded and the plane doors closed 20 minutes ahead of schedule. The flight left Bermuda 15 minutes early and arrived into JFK 25 minutes early which impressed me a lot. Service provided by three polite smiling and delightful crew with drinks and snack run done fairly effortlessly and refills available and delivered with extra ice and a smile. An impressive service that I really rated."
"I flew on flight 1731 from JFK to Bermuda. The flight was delayed so boarding started around 30 minutes late. Boarding was pretty chaotic as the PA system was not working properly. Onboard we were greeted by a friendly cabin supervisor who smiled and asked us how we were. Once seated the flight was airborne within 20 minutes an hour later than scheduled. Inflight service was efficient and friendly with drinks served individually from a tray rather than a trolley which was a nice touch with a free snack served from a basket. Landing cards were handed out - it would be great if they had a supply of pens. The flight then arrived around 30 minutes late into Bermuda disembarkment was quick - and I have to say I really enjoyed the flight."
"August 20 2014 flight 124. We flew from LAX to JFK on Mint. I can honestly say that I was very impressed! I have flown business class on many international airlines and the on-board service was comparable in every way. The food was excellent - best I have had on any airline. Flight attendants were friendly courteous and very attentive and our bags were the first to arrive at the carousel as promised. Furthermore the seats reclined to a flat position. All in all a great trip. The one suggestion for JetBlue is to have a small lounge area to accommodate Mint customers at larger airports such as LAX."
"Flew Mint class from LAX to JFK in July. Check in and boarding smooth and on time. Fantastic crew helpful and kind yet unobtrusive. Meal some of the best I've had inflight much better than BA and QR business long haul. Entertainment system not AVOD so whenever announcements were made I'd miss parts of the film I was watching. Good selection of entertainment though wifi never worked. Seat was the suite-style and very comfortable in all positions but surprisingly narrow in lie-flat. When trying to sleep I had to keep my arms over my chest like a mummy. Still managed to doze off a few hours."
"Flew JFK-ACK-JFK very easy check-in very comfortable Embraer 190 plane service on board was excellent both flights left on time. I'll keep flying JetBlue whenever I can. The seats were very comfortable."
"JFK-POS. Unfortunately Jetblue has lost its edge and is now very similar to the other U.S. carriers. The free snacks have been downgraded and are really cheap and not substantial enough for longer flights. The majority of the flight attendants were friendly but one of them was extremely rude. The seats however are pretty good (much more comfortable than coach seats on the legacy carriers)."
"Very decent airline with great staff. I flew MCO-JFK and the whole flight was great. I also found the food and snacks acceptable and the WIFI was great. I would definitely fly Jetblue again."
"My husband and I flew from Charleston to DCA on the second day of service 6/20. The flight plane crew seat snacks were excellent. Jetblue on this flight provided directtv service which was great. I have flown Delta US Air United recently. None of these were as good as the Jetblue service. I was extremely impressed and have already booed my next flight."
"BOS to SAN and SEA to BOS. This is by far my favorite domestic (US based) airline and I preferentially fly them whenever I can. They really do go the extra mile to make sure your flight is pleasant - start to finish. Gate hassles are minimal compared to United and Delta and in my opinion food/beverages/entertainment are far superior to any other airline in economy class. Let's hope they don't change!"
"Round-trip from Richmond VA to Ft. Lauderdale FL. Could not have been happier. Plane took of on time both trips and arrived ahead of destination time. The seats the snacks the flight attendants all good. I thought they actually appreciated my business! Also the $70.00 each way my husband and I saved on the bags was a real bonus! First trip the Pilot actually came out of his cabin and talked to us before takeoff."
"This was my very first flight taken for a business matter. Without knowing what to expect being so inexperienced I prepared for the worst. Thinking this would be a delayed or cancelled flight resulting in a late arrival. I experienced a small delay before take off yet arrived at JFK on time. The flight attendants were polite and went out of their way to accommodate passengers. The flight crew kept passengers up to date on weather and arrival times. All equipment functioned properly and my luggage was promptly returned. JetBlue Airlines is certainly worth the money."
"Impressed by the customer service I received when I was delayed 4 hours at Newark Airport on March 27th 2014 on Flight 505 to Ft. Lauderdale. The customer service representatives kept passengers well informed they ordered pizza for passengers gave out free water and snacks and were happy to offer assistance to passengers who wanted to change their flights. We had free inflight movies and also when we arrived at our destination we received an e-mail stating that we were given a voucher for future flights for our inconvenience caused by the delay."
"I have always flown JetBlue and have had only positive experiences with them. Their flights are always on time. The seats are comfortable and clean. The TV is free. The bag check is free. The snacks are free. When my TV didn't work they gave me free cocktails for the rest of the plane ride to keep me entertained. I've used them flying mostly from JFK to LA and from JFK to Florida and have never had an issue so I'm sure that those with negative experiences unfortunately were just dealing with flukes!"
"I flew with JetBlue for the first time when I missed my original flight in JFK and I was checked in for their JFK-Phoenix service. They have nice and new planes with more leg room. My ticket was originally with British Airways and they did a great co-operation with British Airways with booking me for the last minute flights and sending my untagged baggage all the way from Italy to Phoenix. Plus they have very friendly staff I'm very satisfied."
"JFK-FLL-JFK. The flight was extremely inexpensive. Flight left 20 minutes late but landed on time. Even More Space Seat was worth the cost to avoid the TSA line at JFK alone but the room onboard was great. The flight was smooth but the audio jack was overused and my headset plug was constantly falling out if I moved the wrong way. Return flight was not as smooth the gate changed 6 times at FLL and was very confusing. IFE was not working at my seat but was given a $15 voucher for future flight although it expires within the year. Flight was also moderately turbulent with no feedback from the flight crew. Flight back was not in Even More Space but was still roomy enough for a big guy like me. JetBlue isn't perfect but much better than most that fly out of the area."
"My flight check-ins were seamless. I have never flown on an airline with so much legroom for the standard coach or 3rd class! Clean and comfy seats nice variety of channels. Wish they had complementary meals for the flights that are 5+ hrs long. Flew from BUF-SFO everything went smoothly on time departures. Flights from SFO-BOS BOS- JFK and JFK-BUF were delayed and they apologized for that. Customer service in BOS was good but customer service in JFK wasn't good at all. Either way I'd still recommend this airline to family and friends."
"PBI-HPN then HPN-PBI. Best flight by far of my jetblue experience every flight took off on time and smooth flights all the way. The Big Plus - great leg room TV's at every seat and good seat recline! Will definitely fly again."
"Polite helpful staff. Never a rushed response. Excellent DFW staff and crew on flight to BOS. I need wheelchair assistance it was available each time without delay."
"Return. JFK-LIR. 11/9: JFK-LIR: #1691. 11/16: LIR-JFK: #1692. Both going and coming back the JetBlue experience was what you would expect for a low cost airline these days. On time departure. Good communications from the flight deck. Flight attendants were in the cabin offering \"snack boxes\" and beverages. Friendly and accessible. > Bottled water offered at the end of the flight was a nice touch."
"Overall the flight was fine. However I noticed that the people that pay Even More Space and get to sit on an Exit Row will be seated with people that did not pay. So do not buy Even More Space just go to airport and volunteer to go to Exit Row (Even More Space) and it will be Free."
"JFK to LAX very good flight first time flying with Jet Blue very nice flight. Leg room is good and crew were professional offering prompt service and the captain explaining weather and how long he expected turbulence to last etc. The only negative on the flight was being a vegetarian there was only the quinoa salad available for a meal and by the time they got to our row (16) they had run out as there were apparently only 7 or 8 salads. They handled it very well were really polite and gave me a snack box free of charge but I think I should be able to order a proper meal on a 6 hour flight. The return flight was not as good staff were a bit indifferent we were delayed 1.5 hours with no explanation or apology and it took 40 mins for the first bag to arrive in the baggage claim area. Would fly with them again."
"BOS - LAX A320. Full flight but boarding was made efficient and completed rather quickly. Seats and entertainment were really showing there age with any bumps the screen flickered and the window seat in my row cut out a couple times for that person. Also the audio was not working well which was caused by headphones with a microphone (apple iPhone headphones). However when I mentioned the issue the attendant kindly gave me a jetblue set which worked fine. Flight was good with snacks and drinks."
"Flew JFK-HOU-JFK for supposedly a budget airline the seats were better than some business class seats on European airlines. Flights left on time and the service was very good. Price of ticket was less than the other U.S. airlines and as someone used to budget airlines in Europe it was a nice change not to have to pay to check baggage in."
"Flew Jetblue 8th October JFK-SJC. Flight left and arrived on time friendly crew. Highlight was the free check in luggage and snacks which you would not find on other domestic flights. I would definitely fly Jetblue domestically."
"First time flying with them and loved every minute of it! Staff were excellent and so attentive! Short flight to JFK from Buffalo and back but what a great experience! Counter staff was a pleasure to deal with - very accommodating and helpful! Flight crews were excellent. This is very short flight but they really get moving to make sure everyone is helped and fed in a short time frame!"
"I flew JetBlue 26 times in a 3 month time span going from DCA to BOS. It is a great airline and a pleasure to fly. The best is the legroom the nice flight attendants and the in flight entertainment. On about 1/4th of my trips had heavy delays but that's because of weather and was unavoidable. I had only one really bad flight that was delayed for about 4 hours but that was the worst of it. There are no \"middle seats\" as the configuration is 2 and 2 and there are no carts - the flight attendants use baskets of chips and put the soft drinks in the pockets of their apron. I like that. Then there is the in-flight entertainment which makes the flight seem a lot shorter and pleasant. I notice that the fares are usually competitive with American or Delta (or in some cases a little more) but its worth it in my opinion."
"We traveled between July and September 2013. My friend travels with a portable kidney machine. I notified them of this fact when I made the reservation by computer. I was told he could bring the machine and another medical bag for free. When it was time to board the plane they took everybody except the disabled persons first including children in strollers. I think a person with a kidney machine should trump a child with a stroller for boarding. When we got onto the plane I asked one on the flight attendants where we could store this somewhat heavy kidney machine. She promptly told us there was no room to store it other than the overhead bin. I told her I couldn't lift this machine over my head. Another flight attendant and the disabled person lifted it into the overhead. On the return trip we just decided to check it in. The woman at the check-in desk was very accommodating."
"Flight 264 SEA-JFK. Delayed 1 hour and Flight 263 JFK-SEA. On time. Fast efficient check in. Friendly staff. Excellent onboard service. Legroom was fantastic. Flight attendants are funny and professional at the same time. Free Snacks are great and they keep giving you more. They give a whole can of pop and a small bottled water unlimited. Inflight entertainment is wonderful. Direct TV/SIRIUS Music and some select movies for pay (not on demand though). They give complimentary \"Snooze kit\" on a red eye flight which consists of earplugs and eye shades. Hot towel service is an added bonus. They are better than the legacy carriers with only Virgin America as their closest competitor in terms of service and onboard comfort."
"September 15 2013 my husband and I flew from Aruba to Boston and we had the best flight. We were on Flt #774 it was wonderful the captain was very pleasant and the flight attendants could not be more accommodating and entertaining."
"JFK-CLT. I've flown them often and the only complaint I can muster is their occasional delays. The attendants were friendly as usual. The free inflight Live DirectTV and Radio is better than most international airlines and I believe 36 in of legroom come standard (though I may be wrong). Free (\"unlimited\") snacks and beverages are a nice addition considering it's only a 2 hour flight. Their custom built Terminal 5 at JFK is excellent - fast WiFi tons of power ports and lots of space and shops. It makes the occasional delay quite bearable. Leather seats are great and you can even purchase \"Even More Legroom\" which being quite short I've never needed to but the purchase also let's you use first class check in and security lines along with priority boarding. The free checked bag is amazingly useful especially if you're connecting flight is international. It's worth pointing out that you need to bring your own headphones or you'll have to purchase one for a dollar or two. They are reusable though."
"Took a short trip from IAD to JFK. Good seats spacious legroom good entertainment including a small snack and a drink for a short flight. Courteous staff. In the future jetBlue will always be the first choice for domestic travel in the US. The jetBlue terminal at JFK was nicely done."
"Vegas to Long Beach August 12th. On a recent trip we traveled 3 airlines: Frontier United express and Jet Blue. Jet Blue was by far the best airline. Reasonable fare clean airplane plenty of leg room courteous staff. Will continue to be my first choice airline."
"Flights between Portland and Anaheim were a huge disappointment in terms of flight delays. We saw the airplane arrive but our flight kept being delayed without giving us a reason. We understand that there are some issues going on but as customers we would like to be recognized for our waiting at the airport. The good sides: The flight seats were okay. The drinks and snacks were pretty nice. But I have had better experiences on other flights."
"BDA-JFK-SFO-LGB-LAS-SJU-STT I had a few flights with this airline in the USA past month I can tell I am very satisfied with their services and price! Planes new staff friendly flights on time good seat pitch snacks on board free of charge first bag flies free on board TV show very good! I would recommend."
"Flew JFK-SXM return. Issue on outbound with an engine sensor meant a rejected take off and return to gate. Whole process was handled really well and dealt with very quickly. Lost of communication. On board service was good with friendly crews on both legs of the trip."
"PDX to Long Beach 18th-24th April 2013. Not paying for baggage extremely comfortable seats (with more standard cabin leg-room than I've had in years free snacks and beverages and friendly staff. JetBlue reminded me of what flying was like 20 years ago when most of those amenities were still part of flying but have subsequently gone out of style."
"We flew to Logan from BWI and back. The first flight took off early. It is a short flight - absolutely no issues. Very good seat room in standard coach on a 100 seat regional jet."
"Excellent starting with the telephone customer service representative who set up our seating and arranged for an aisle chair. This is one of the only times we arrived at the airport and the aisle chair was waiting instead of having to remind an employee to get it after prior arrangements were made. This is the first trip that I did not come home with mysterious bruises from being bumped around getting on and off the plane. Bad weather resulted in the plane being directed to Orlando instead of Ft Lauderdale. The staff arranged to help me off the plane even suggested I leave due to the projected wait time even though it was more work for them. The were pleasant and friendly even though they must have been very tired and stressed by the delays."
"I have taken 4 flights with jetBlue during 2nd week of May. My experience was very pleasant from the time of checking in. I had 2 pieces of luggage and everything was done very swiftly and efficiently. The leg space is very comfortable which is much more than most of the airlines I travelled. Flights are neat and the cabin crew were courteous and efficient. Inflight service of complimentary drinks and snacks were served to every one enthusiastically. The in house entertainment was great with many channels to view. The entertainment is no way less than many international flights. The luggage came very fast at the carrousels for all the flights that I took. I had a very pleasant experience in all the flights. I will be happy if they can waive the $100/ penalty for the change of flights."
"Flew FLL to DCA and return with Jet Blue. Both flights arrived early clean aircraft friendly cabin crew and no charge for first bag plus a very reasonable ticket cost. I find Jet Blue provide good fares with good service you cannot beat that."
"JFK to FLL on May 8th. Once again completely satisfied with the service. I hope they will expand to more destinations in Latin America and Europe."
"Washington National to Boston. Great flight great service great plane. Modern wide leather seats plenty of legroom for someone 6'1 and live TV with over 35 channels. Also no fee to check bags like some other airlines. Complementary drinks and snacks onboard."
"I just got back from the Port Charlotte FL area using the Sarasota airport. I had non-stop flights both ways and enjoyed the trip. I was impressed with the process of ordering drinks whereby the Flight Crew came around and wrote down orders. I found this very efficient rather than blocking the aisle with a cart. Also they provided you with a full can of soda vs. other airlines that ration you by pouring 2 glasses out of a can. The snacks were also enjoyable as you were able to choose your preference. The free TV was a plus too."
"Flew from Boston to Punta Cana round-trip. Great experience except for the food selection. The entertainment was great lots of choices and the plane arrived in Punta Cana ahead of schedule! Staff pretty friendly and plenty of leg room. All in all not a bad experience the overall interior could use an upgrade though!"
"Flight from JFK-MBJ round-trip with family. Nice experience. Very good legroom comfortable seats and the best entertainment I've seen - they offered live TV. Flights landed ahead schedule both on outbound and inbound (45 min ahead schedule inbound). Free sodas and snacks. Only thing I can complain over is the food you can buy onboard for me as a European they were strange meals I would like to buy a sandwich or something similar. Will fly them again."
"CLT-JFK-BUF. The first leg of the flight was excellent on time with excellent flight attendants on an E190. On the second leg also on an E190 my PTV wasn't working which did upset me although it was only a 1 hour flight service was still great."
"Recently flew from Boston to Seattle. Reasonable fare and very pleasant flight. I fly frequently and find JetBlue to have the best customer service."
"My sister daughter and I travelled from New York to San Diego on January 11. We originated our travel with Aer Lingus in Dublin that morning. Very impressed with Terminal 5 in JFK and our check-in was without difficulty. Unfortunately our flight to San Diego was delayed a short time but we had worse news to come when we had boarded and were ready to leave. Told we would have to change planes and were taken off to a different gate. In all we were delayed by approx 2 hours. Once we actually took off our flight was made very comfortable and enjoyable by the cabin crew. Despite being in the back row of seats next to the toilets we were impressed by our leg room. I would use this airline again."
"Comfortable roomy seats with plenty of legroom the seats don't recline so far as to have the person in front of you almost sitting in your lap free snacks and a beverage individual TVs for all the seats (bring your own headphones or a $2.00 charge) and even a hot towel. Helpful and friendly staff at both airline counters and onboard and excellent flights from JFK to DEN and back. Returned 20 minutes early to JFK!"
"JFK to Fort Myers. Staff were helpful and friendly. Stewardesses were courteous. Inflight TVs are great. Also the first bag free check in makes sense. A great experience especially when traveling with two young children."
"Orlando to LaGuardia round trip. Flight left late by 15 mins but still got us to NY 20 mins ahead of original time. Service was great friendly hosts and entertainment was excellent with my own TV."
"IAD-JFK E190 Had an Even More ticket. I seen no evidence of Even More Speed at IAD. Ended up in the normal security line. Seat was spacious. We encountered a 2.5 hour delay due to a dent found on the aircraft. I do believe they should have let passengers disembark. However IFE was switched on and snacks distributed so they managed the situation very well. The complete product in a normal situation I think is great."
"JFK-CUN-JFK. To my great surprise the TV and satellite radio were actually working throughout both flights. Crew generally friendly. Both flights landed early. Sat in extra legroom seats where I suspect that many others had not paid but checked in without seats and were given the premium seats since that''s all that was available. On the return though I checked in online I was sent back to the ticket counter since an online boarding pass must still be stamped. And there is a $21 departure tax which most other airlines include in their ticket prices. But with Jetblue it must be paid at check-in."
"BUF-BOS-CLT and return. All four flights on an E-190. To Charlotte the planes were clean with nice FAs excellent working PTVs on time flights and served with snacks and drinks. Back to Buffalo the first flight got delayed for 30 minutes due to heavy storms and I was afraid I was going to miss my flight in Boston. Although when I arrived the flight was supposed to have left but they kept it at the gate until I arrived 20 minutes later! PTV's weren't as good on the return flight was the only problem. Excellent airline overall."
"Aug 28 from Baltimore to Boston. Check-in staff friendly and helpful with getting me on their next flight after I missed mine. Flew an E-190 Regional Jet. The E-190 had more headroom and the seat was more comfortable than I expected it to be. Decent legroom. Plane very clean. DIRECTV was great. Complementary soda/juice and light snack offered. Smooth efficient boarding process. Very friendly cabin crew. All around great experience. Flight was on-time."
"Aug 28 from Baltimore to Boston. Check-in staff friendly and helpful with getting me on their next flight after I missed mine. Flew an E-190 Regional Jet. The E-190 had more headroom and the seat was more comfortable than I expected it to be. Decent legroom. Plane very clean. DIRECTV was great. Complementary soda/juice and light snack offered. Smooth efficient boarding process. Very friendly cabin crew. All around great experience. Flight was on-time."
"Flew from EWR-MCO-EWR. Good Direct TV on both flights. Complimentary snacks good and you can ask for more. As a matter of fact on the return journey the FA came for a second round of snacks. Would definitely fly with them again. The only negative comments on our return flight they changed gates without notice to passengers. When we approached to one of the ground staff for this they apologized for it and said that was done because of operational reasons and they were supposed to make the announcement."
"Flew from EWR-MCO-EWR. Good Direct TV on both flights. Complimentary snacks good and you can ask for more. As a matter of fact on the return journey the FA came for a second round of snacks. Would definitely fly with them again. The only negative comments on our return flight they changed gates without notice to passengers. When we approached to one of the ground staff for this they apologized for it and said that was done because of operational reasons and they were supposed to make the announcement."
"I flew out of Baltimore to Seattle. I had to make a layover in Boston. Flight from Baltimore to Boston was relaxing and stress free. The free DIRECTV was a great bonus. The only con that I do have is that the seat that I was in made a very annoying sound whenever I tried to recline. Flight from Boston to Seattle was also stress free even though it was a red eye. On the long flight home I bought myself a BEEF UP box and it was good. With the free DIRECTV and a full stomach on the long flight home it was relaxing."
"LAS-LGB. Short flight on A320. Staff at gate very helpful. Lots of leg room. Snacks and drinks. FA's quite nice. Live TV was great."
"Went from BUF to TPA in February. The flight was on time (both directions). The plane was clean and had decent leg room. The kids liked the TVs and snacks. I liked that I didn't have to pay an extra $35 per checked bag like other airlines. Overall our experience was very positive and I would not hesitate to fly with JetBlue again."
"New York JFK to Orlando Int Florida. Airbus A320. Very friendly ground staff. Nice plane lots of legroom and seat width and comfort was great. Pilot got us through thunderstorm with minimum bumps. Took off on time and arrived on schedule despite holding for traffic close to Orlando. Great cabin crew."
"We flew Jet Blue out of Oakland. Friendly service agents and a pleasant flight. On time and luggage arrived. Individual screens for each passenger beverages and snacks on the short flight."
"Flew JetBlue to Logan airport. Great flight! Crew and inflight services were top-notch better than any other US carrier. Seats seemed a little old but they were very comfortable and had PTV's. A calm and a pleasant experience. Would definitely fly with them again."
"JetBlue flight ex JFK to PWM. Short flight of 90 minutes duration. ER190 plane seat trims smart although only moderately comfortable for anything longer than 2 hours. Flight delayed during takeoff at JFK due to unspecified VIPs although this seemed to be more the Airport than JetBlue's issue. Communication regarding delay sporadic. On positive ledger Free bag check in meant ample space for carry on luggage and IFE combined with small snacks being brought round a big step up from more 'Famous' carriers. The best service I have yet seen from an American Airline."
"CUN-JFK. Flight delayed 2 hours no apologies. On board nice FA. Comfortable seating. Personal TV on every seat. Arrival at JFK was fast and easy. On a taxi just 20 min after landing."
"This was the first time traveling on JetBlue. It was awesome! We took the red eye from PDF to JFK and the first surprise was how quickly the staff got us boarded and on our way. There was no waiting for people to stow their bags. There was a quick check on cell phones and seatbelts but they were so no nonsense about it that it was refreshing! The biggest surprises were that they offer TV for all passengers and it's good TV! They offer food! And the best was the lack of the service cart! How wonderful it was to not have to compete with the cart or time your bathroom trips so as to avoid getting stuck behind the cart. The staff was extremely efficient about helping passengers without being overwhelming. Even when they had to make announcements it was quick concise and non intrusive. We will definitely fly this airline again! Great experience!"
"My family and I flew from Newark NJ to Fort Lauderdale FL return. Checking-in and boarding the flight to FLL went very smooth - in fact smoother than my previous flight with United Airlines. Onboard the flight in both directions the seats in the standard section were comfortable and of course we had the free DirectTV service. You also had free access to certain SiriusXM stations as well. The service overall onboard was good giving us good complimentary drinks and snacks. Checking-in and boarding the flight to EWR was smooth even though there was 15-minute delay due to a deluge at the airport. The only consequence is that if you don't bring your headset you would have to pay for your own which is $2. Before they used to give them away for free but now they're charging for it."
"Last year my family and I took a trip to NY on Jet Blue for the first time. I was very impressed and happy with my experience. The onboard entertainment kept my children happy and busy. The flight crew was extremely friendly and glad to accommodate us. The ride was smooth and the pilot gave timely updates on the flight status and arrival to our destination. I booked a trip to the Bahamas and chose them once again."
"JFK-RDU: First time flying this carrier. They have a nice terminal in JFK but the security line takes a long time to get through took 40min. Staff were very friendly and kept you abreast of the flight situation even when everything was going fine. Takes a long time to taxi at JFK with all of the flights but this is not airline's fault. Seat space was excellent for both the ER190 going out and the A320 return. Didn't use the inflight entertainment as the flight was only an hour so no need to. The giving out of free snacks and drinks is nice along with the free first checked bag. I will definitely use them again."
"All round good airline and nice flight. The service was great from Bogota (Colombia) to Orlando. The Orlando crew were lovely. Great service. Very happy staff. Seat space was good. We were offered snacks and refreshments for free and had TV too (eat before or between connecting flights is best which I knew in advance so snacks were good). Only 3 movies to select from but lots of TV stations so it worked well for me. Service on the ground was excellent in Colombia. I was really happy with the flight price and the service and seat space."
"JFK-FLL roundtrip. FLL bound on E190. Spacious leg and shoulder room! Direct TV had many channels. FA's were very friendly and helpful. Return flight to JFK was totally different. FA's were unhappy and unenthusiastic. They looked tired and just wanting to get home. Older A320 still had plenty of space but not as nice as smaller E190. My rating is average of two different flight experiences."
"ORD-BOS-SJU return. Check-in staff and FA's really helpful. Served food and drinks (one of the few American carriers that do that). Live TV was good although you loose reception on international routes but that's ok as they give you free movies. Would recommend them over all other domestic carriers."
"BWI-BOS-BWI on E190 and the service could not have been better. FA's were friendly and the entertainment system fantastic. I also had plenty of legroom. The first flight was on time though the second an hour late."
"Round trip from Orlando to the Bahamas. Both flights were great. The crew on each flight were extremely nice and caring. The flight back delayed one hour but they were extremely apologetic and efficient. Even though the flights were short they still provided drinks and snacks. On the flight back we had a bit of turbulence but the captain kept us informed of everything. A plus is the individual TV's in every seat."
"Cabin crew friendly and helpful flight was 2 hours and snacks given out for free as well as drinks. TVs were nice. Flight was well priced seats were comfortable and I had plenty of legroom."
"Non-stop red-eye flight A320 JFK to Las Vegas. Price was the most important thing for us when we booked. At check-in I asked for a window seat and they gave us two \"Even More\" legroom seats near the window though we paid no extra fees. Captain was friendly before departure. Helpful flight attendants but can't say they showed any extra care. Cabin was clean and comfortable. A/C was working at the max and it was really cold by the end of the flight so some people had to buy blankets for $7. Flight on time baggage ok upon arrival."
"NY to Ft. Lauderdale. My last minute ticket was not the inexpensive ticket I usually expect from jetBlue. Easy check-in free snacks and beverages good legroom (in a regular row) plus real-time TV. Staff were friendly and professional. Both flights on time."
"OAK-IAD. Best flight arrangement to the East Coast even though I had to sit next to a screaming baby on a red-eye flight. Firstly the IFE was top notch. The seats were comfortable and they gave out night-gear. Finally at less than 5 hours it was the shortest flight as well. Staff were helpful and the food decent."
"Roundtrip Oakland to Long Beach check in using kiosks was a breeze. The staff were professional friendly and welcoming. The inflight experience for the value of tickets is unbeatable. Inflight entertainment with free DirecTV and XM radio on each seatback. The free quality snacks and beverages delicious."
"JFK-BTV. JFK T5 was clean with lots of shops free WiFi and security was a breeze. It was on a newly painted A320 however the cabin was the older type. Seats were comfortable legroom was excellent and the cabin was showing its age but well maintained. Flight time was only 45 minutes but drinks were served as well as peanuts and cookies. Service was rushed the head FA was friendly but the other two were reserved. Live TV worked fine. Overall decent flight but nothing spectacular."
"Red eye flight from Long Beach to New York JFK with a connection in Salt Lake City. Aircraft was spacious clean and well maintained. Enjoyed the Direct TV and complimentary snacks. A drawback were the leather seats that made for uncomfortable seating for sleep as I kept sliding downwards but was manageable nonetheless."
"PDX-JFK in Economy (extra legroom). This was my first Jetblue flight - it felt like a flying bus. Somehow I was expecting a little more from this airline. Service was very efficient and rushed - I far prefer the friendliness of Southwest Airlines. I would use this airline again but it would not be a first choice."
"NYC-LAX. We flew with a family of 4 and were assisted at every level. Legroom is very good sure the cabin livery is bland and the seats look dated but the TV options snacks and complimentary drinks outweigh any other domestic US experience we have had."
"BOS-DCA-BOS. These flights were sold by Aer Lingus as part of a round-trip between Dublin and DCA. On the outward trip I received an upgrade to Extra Legroom (Row 1) on the return I was seated in Row 2 with the admonition that I would be bumped if a mobility impaired passenger needed the seat. The outbound trip was delayed due to weather conditions and I felt that more information could have been given at the gate as the departure time slipped back the return trip was early. All employees I encountered were pleasant and helpful and I was impressed a free snack/beverage was offered on these short flights."
"FLL-EWR roundtrip 4-5 times each year. As jetBlue and Continental/United are the only airlines that fly direct between FLL and EWR choice is limited. I have always found the staff friendly helpful informative and quick to serve. The captain was at the front of the plane welcoming you onboard and thanking you upon arrival. The ERJ- 90s are a bit uncomfortable and narrow but the A320s are modern and clean. Always pay the $25 for extra leg room."
"I recently flew Boston to Tampa. The flight experience was great spacious seats professional flight crew and TV screens in all the seats made the flight more enjoyable. The only negative aspect was the price of the headsets they should be complimentary for passengers. Costs could be decreased onboard the flights snacks should be made readily available throughout the flight."
"Flew LGB-SEA. Flight departed slightly late but arrived in Seattle ahead of time. Crew were attentive and gave a good service. Complimentary refreshments and snacks served. A320 aircraft were clean and well kept. Overall the experience was good and I would use them again."
"PHX-JFK. Everything on time overnight flight. Standard JB service. Chatty flight attendants in the back made it hard to sleep. I don't feel like the seat is that great the back support is good but I think the seat bottom is thin. Arrival into JFK early."
"IAD-JFK. Booked as a codeshare flight with South African Airways. Flight was late out of IAD but that is pretty common on these East Coast morning flights. I was happily surprised with the legroom and PTV. Flight Attendants were friendly."
"FLL-NAS on Embraer. Short pleasant flight. Due to short flight there wasn't full drink service but everyone had bottle of water on seat when boarding. Choice of two complimentary snacks. Direct TV radios and airshow were available at any seat. Seats were comfortable with nice legroom. First bag is free on all flights. Before departure captain came out of cockpit and made welcome announcement facing cabin. Cabin crew were nice. Waiting time for baggage at NAS could be better."
"Unlike other airlines I don't have to worry about my bags going missing and I don't have to pay a bag check-in fee. They don't have First Class because they don't need it. They have more leg room than others and snacks and drinks. Every seat has a personal TV with free Direct TV and Radio for your entertainment."
"JFK-FLL. Received free upgrade to \"Even More Legroom\" seat. Very spacious and wide seat with Direct TV. Drinks and free chips were served. Crews were very friendly and service was very good."
"SDQ-JFK and also SJU a few times. Great coach seats in leather I love the leg room it is really comfy on international flights they always provide free movies entertainment flight attendants provides a very nice impression and a great experience. Their pilots are always saying goodbye to passengers when aircraft lands which means that they really appreciate our business with them."
"FLL-LGB-LAS. 2 of cabin crew called in sick so we had to wait for replacements who were very funny & in good spirits. Gate personnel kept us informed. We left about 1hr late but made up time and got to Vegas only 20 mins behind schedule. Sat in a row with extra legroom well worth the extra cost. Food was ok. TV great though some connection issues. Only annoying thing was everyone had to deplane in LGB even if continuing to Vegas on same aircraft. I actually had to move up a row! Best domestic flight on my 25000 miles trip from Dubai to USA & back."
"Boston's Logan International Airport-Tampa International Airport. The flight to Tampa was excellent. We sat at our original gate and we were early. There was a flight to Austin that was delayed so they moved us to a different gate where people were confused and it took some time for us to get on the plane. It was a smooth flight. The entertainment system in front of me (TV) seemed to be unattached but still worked and there are enough channels for children and adults. The cabin crew took great care of the passengers. May I say that the landing was superb!"
"JFK-SAN/LGB-JFK The flight to San Diego was one of the best I've been on in a long time. Legroom is great free snacks first bag free lots of TV choices and satellite radio. Crew was excellent. Very enthusiastic and seemed to be enjoying their jobs so rare these days. Bag drop is way too slow as was the baggage claim. Their new meal packs for purchase are not worth the money. On the return checkin and bag drop were better. Crew was more average. The flight was full of screaming babies. Half the TV channels didn't work and the radio broke down halfway through the flight. Jetblue is always promoting the free TV and radio but they break down frequently. And as always the crew can not do anything but file a report."
"This review is regarding the customer service at JetBlue.com. I had a complaint about a third- party service I ordered through the jetblue web site. I made the complaint through their web submission and they followed up and resolved the issue to my satisfaction. I guess I shouldn't be surprised when an airline actually has good customer service but I am."
"Flew Jetblue down to Tampa from JFK on Memorial Day. Great experience. Excellent leg room and seat width. Entertainment system great. Crew was great and attentive."
"IAD-FLL. Was pleasantly surprised by JetBlue. No bag charges on time flight drink and bag of chips included live TV and plenty of radio choice. Much better than American Airlines."
"I was very satisfied with our recent round trip Boston to Peurto Rico all the more so because I perceived JetBlue as a budget airline. Check in moved very quickly and flight left on time both directions. I was happy with inflight movies choice of free snacks and beverages. Lots of legroom. Attendants were pleasant and helpful."
"JFK-Buffalo-JFK. JetBlue Terminal 5 is new modern easily navigated and offers free Wifi. Staff polite and helpful. Outbound on A320 clean and well maintained. Legroom best I've seen in coach on any airline. Snacks and drinks offered shortly after take off by smiling and personal crew. Flight landed on time in Buffalo. Inbound on E190 this time also with smiling and personal crew. Both aircraft feature in-flight entertainment AVOD free snacks and drinks and the best cabin crew I've experienced on any US airline. A great product which I recommend!"
"MCO-BQN / SJU-MCO. Great entertainment system cabin crew friendly. Aircraft were clean seats comfortable and experience was great."
"Great seats. Wish we had been able to use jetBlue for our long flight to Costa Rica. But the short flight was comfortable and the staff friendly. Too bad they don't fly to all the places we go."
"We fly several times a year from New York to Orlando and we only enjoy flying with Jetblue. From online booking to telephone customer support - it's easy and you build up your points or convert your american express points into true blue ones. Jetblue terminal in JFK is the best planes are new equipped with tv's for all passengers. The crew are nice and never refuse extra drinks or snacks during the flight. If your bag is lost Jetblue give you a voucher right away without writing a request for any reimbursement."
"JFK-PDX Flight Crew very helpful and kept us in the loop about delays very professional and a great choice . The Even More Legroom seats feel like First Class but don't have those large price tags attached."
"LAX-JFK-MCO return last week. Three flights on A320 and MCO-JKF on E190. All aircraft in good condition. At time of booking paid for extra leg room on all flights. Money well spent. Free TV channels worked flawless on all flights. Smiling and very helpful crew on all flights. jetBlue terminal in JFK clean and great to spend some time while in transit. Free WIFI throughout the terminal as in MCO. Terminal 3 in LAX is a dump and way too small for the amount of passengers handled through this terminal but T3 in LAX was the only negative aspect to a wonderful flying experience with jetBlue. The fare paid (incl fee for extra legroom) was by far the lowest available."
"JFK via FLL for a business trip - my only preferred airline to domestic cities. Seats had plenty of legroom. Flight attendants did a fabulous job. They sure had a lot of patience considering some of the rude passengers onboard. Service was great and ahead of schedule arrival in FLL."
"Boston-Fort Lauderdale. Flown with JetBlue many times and generally happy with the service. Aircraft clean well maintained and service is consistent though basic. Extra legroom seats well worth the extra money especially now they seem to get priority boarding. One gripe is the constant allowance of excessive cabin baggage which often results in late departures while stressed cabin crew offload bags that will not fit in the lockers! Twice recently on my flights it has caused confrontation during boarding and angry passengers being very rude to the crew. If only the ground staff dealt with the issue by enforcing the rules this would not happen. Apart from that snacks ok and drink service fine."
"Oakland to New York JFK round trip. The airline offers very good service for the price including free unlimited snacks 36 free channels of tv smiling flight attendants and good legroom. JFK connections were very efficient. The only problem is that on the way home to Oakland from JFK the flight was delayed two hours because the flight crew and their backups had been stranded due to cancellations the night before."
"FLL-SJU-FLL. JetBlue offers a simple yet lovely air travel experience. A320 leather seats individual IFE monitor and loads of legroom with 34inch pitch. Snacks of a good-quality and flight attendants friendly. Carry-on and first checked-bag are free. Headset is free. A low- fare airline providing a top-notch experience."
"Comfortable seats with plenty of leg room free snacks and first checked bags friendly staff. They occasionally face delays mechanical problems etc but as someone who flies them about once a month I can say that the vast majority of their flights are a joy."
"My work required last minute travel to New York City from Buffalo New York on a recent weekday morning. JetBlue website was easy to use and I booked a reasonably priced roundtrip flight. Flight to JFK was fine with just a slight delay departing BUF. However departure of return flight was delayed just about 3 hours but just 1/2 hour at a time. Two male flight attendants were a bit gruff and bossy with the passengers which has never been the case with many other JetBlue flights."
"A fantastic flight Tampa to Boston. Our trip home was also smooth and fun for the kids and parents. Flight attendants professional and nice and the pilots informative."
"My family took a flight to Disney and it was the most perfect airline experience. The seats were comfortable there was a wide assortment of refreshments. The trip was smooth sailing. Coming home we did experience a 45 minute wait time due to weather. But the captain kept us fully informed and we were on our way as soon as the weather permitted."
"CLT-JFK. Getting through CLT check in/security was easy the one free bag was a nice touch as well. Boarding on time from CLT's new D terminal which offers good food and plentiful seating. Boarding on time and welcomed by a somewhat friendly female flight attendant who just continued to say Hi Hi Hi. No welcome aboard. Plenty of legroom and IFE was already turned on. Smooth flight chips and a drink were for 1.5 hour flight. The same female flight attendant was rude in asking an unaccompanied minor to \"Turn down your headphones. We can hear them in the front.\" T5 at JFK is amazing. Overall great flight much better value than US and DL who fly this route."
"ROC-JFK-LGB Return. Rochester NY to JFK a new Embraer E190. Seat wide enough with enough legroom even for a large person such as myself. Short flight less than an hour in the air. JFK-LGB in a reasonably new A320. All flights on time or a little early. Flight attendants were reasonably outgoing and cheerful yet professional. JFK-LGB leg they let me have all the liquids I desired. I knew beforehand all JetBlue offers are snacks so I brought food along for the long flight. Same story on return trip. IFE worked as advertised. Bring along your own headphones if you can. Online check in is a breeze and highly recommended by the lines I observed trying to check in at LGB. I can't comment on their baggage handling as I did carry on."
