"x"
"Verified Review | Flew Jetblue Airways from Orlando to Washington, D.C. Delayed 2 hours. Received many updates and changes every 30 minutes - always changing - delayed 30mins, delayed 1hour, delayed 2hours, on time, delayed 1.5hours, delayed 2hours, gate change. Power went out before even taxiing out. Had to wait without air for a minute when it was already hot onboard. It’s been a while since I’ve flown JetBlue. I'm not impressed and will make a conscious effort not to in the near future."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to New York JFK. Positives: comfortable seats, accommodating flight staff. Negatives: Long flights should require warm meal service, ticket was sold, indicated as having a meal included, instead had to pay over $10 for a terrible, unappetizing, low quality, small portion meal of grey soba noodles and dried out chicken, just awful. No nuts for protein, just salty starches for snacks. Only one pass through for drinks, soda, water etc the entire cross country flight. Worst things for flying: salt and little fluids. Nickle and dime you to death on JetBlue : have to pay for checked bag $25 , pay for blanket, headset for movies etc. Online check in; couldn’t pay for bags thus had to go through line at airport. Flight delayed two hours due to “JFK airport runway issues” . Not worth the dubious savings."
"Verified Review | Due to fly from Orlando to Los Angeles with Jetblue Airways. Been sitting here for an hour and a half waiting to for maintenance to check the plane. Barely gave us water and cookies while we wait. We're all just waiting to see what happens. Can't get off the plane. We're all stuck. On top of that, my TV doesn't work. They keep saying they'll reset the TV's but they haven't yet. This truly is the worst flight I've been on. I'll let you know when we leave."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to New York JFK. JetBlue used to be decent, but not any more! Cannot even sit 2 passengers next to each other except on the very last row? Then they claim imaginary JFK airport repairs are causing them to delay a flight by almost 3 hours without sending a prior email to inform us. So we had to wait for 3 extra hours in the airport after checking through security because even though the flight was obviously delayed they still want you at the gate at the original boarding time - how non sensical is this? Any decent airline would inform their customers in advance of a delay but this is too much to ask of JetBlue. Never again."
"Verified Review | This is my first and last experience with JetBlue. Today, October 6, 2017, my two sisters and I were booked on a direct flight from Washington to Charleston set to depart at 7:00 am. We arrived at DCA timely as well as checked out bags timely. We stopped to get coffee next door to our gate (Gate 28) and proceeded to our gate more than 15 minutes prior to departure time only to see the gate had already closed and we were not allowed board our flight, yet our luggage is on the flight. There was not a courtesy page, no announcement of flight boarding, no final boarding announcement, nothing. We had to watch our flight take off in front of us. This is a huge inconvenience because this delays our trip by hours because we had to rebook on another flight which gets us to Charleston at 4:56 pm versus our original arrival of 8:40am. Poor customer service at its finest. I wish I would have read these reviews before booking with Jetblue as I see this is quite common. We couldn't even get Customer Service to comp us for the new flights we had to book even after they acknowledged their wrong doing. Never again."
"Verified Review | Raleigh/Durham to Bridgetown via New York JFK. Have had - hands down the worst experience with jetblue ever. First my flight (flight 1186) was delayed 2 hours and my connecting flight ended up leaving as my flight was getting to the gate at 11pm. Jetblue was unable to reroute me until the next morning at 8am. They didn't comp me a hotel room and they refused to comp me anything else whatsoever. Ended up getting a cot, but not sleeping much. Was woken up at 4.30am by a man telling me he was taking my cot. Are you serious? Tried asking for the man's name who flagged down an English speaking employee who called his superior and stated that was the norm, yet provided no sympathy or other assistance. In tears, I went to the justask desk and asked if they could do anything whatsoever. Nope! Not even a \"lunchbox\". I didn't think customer service this bad was possible. Not upset that they couldn't do anything in regards to my flights, it's just that not one person said sorry or even tried to make the situation better."
"Verified Review | New York to Montego Bay return. I have been a loyal Expedia & Jetblue Customer and I will never book another trip via either one of these sites again. My husband and I had booked a trip to go to Montego Bay, Jamaica for our honeymoon, our flight was delayed multiple times without reasoning. Staff members refused to elaborate the cause very cold and unprofessional. Upon calling JetBlue customer service the representative failed to give any reasoning and was very unapologetic. To make matters even worse we had the same experience returning to JFK. I recently canceled a trip booked via Expedia due to a medical occurrence and Jetblue nor Expedia are willing to refund my money, even considering the fact I purchased travel insurance (in the event something beyond my control was to happen, resulting in not being able to travel). After playing unnecessary phone-tag and speaking to many rude, unsympathetic representatives along with their supervisors to no avail no one is willing to assist me. It is absolutely appalling and mostly disturbing to see such a lack of compassion that has failed to be given."
"Verified Review | New York to Los Angeles. JetBlue is one of the worst airlines I've flown on. I arrived for an 1130 flight at 11:16 AM because TSA took half an hour to check a single bag. When I arrived at the gate and asked to go on the person there told me that they would need to find out if I could still get on the plane. She disappeared and came back once the flight already left. The flight ended up leaving 10 minutes early and they couldn't wait a single minute to let me on it. I went to complain and the supposed \"customer service representative\" didn't care. She wouldn't even look at me when I was talking. When I was finished she tried to argue with me until her coworker said \"It's not worth arguing with him.\" Once I did get on a later flight, I was not surprised to find that they nickel and dime you for everything (they even charge you for headphones), seats are uncomfortable and there is no space between them."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Kingston. I took a trip on August 8th to Jamaica checked my bags - got to Jamaica my bag wasn't there, they told me my bag should be there by 5pm that afternoon and give a number to call and check I call no answer. However, I got my bag the next day with all my clothing wet and stains and I couldn't wear anything inside the suitcase. I had to pay for two seat so I can be seated with my 8 years old on the flight who is an minor when I did my son ticket I was that when I am doing my ticket all I have to do is give the customer services the confirmation from his ticket and they gone leave the seat next to him open which they did not and I had to pay for us to be seated together coming back home. I feel like I was cheated."
"Verified Review | I understand that there were issues with the route because of the storms in the Caribbean and Florida. However we still landed in Fort Lauderdale and was told we will be there for 20 minutes to refuel and be catered to. That message came from the Captain when we landed. As I type this review, it's past an hour I'm sitting here on the aircraft with other annoyed passengers without a update from the Captain as to what is happening. JetBlue need to realize that communication is key and passengers need to know everything that is going on as long as it's in their interests. How can it be right to be sitting on a airplane without any knowledge of what's going on, time of next departure or even some kind words to comfort the passengers who would have already been at JFK from 7am to catch this flight? It's now 5:17pm and I'm basically being held onboard because I was told no one will be able to disembark. I would like to hear if this is standard procedure for airlines. This is my first flight with JetBlue and I don't think I will be booking another."
"Verified Review | Orlando to New York JFK. On September 5 at 5:15 PM I booked a flight to be out of Florida before Hurricane Irma arrived. Jet Blue accepted my reservation and payment without hesitation. After all, this was days before the hurricane was due to arrive. 22 hours later, I received an automated message telling me that my \"flight for today has been cancelled\" and that I could change it on line or call and have it changes. First the flight was for tomorrow not today, so I was confused I went on line. Online, it did not show the flight cancelled. To be certain, I called the 1-800-Jet- Blue number. The very pleasant lady who answered the call told me she would look into it, but that she was actually in Orlando and no bad weather was anticipated for the day of my flight. Initially, she too saw that the flight was not cancelled. She put me on hold checked further and said that it now showed a weather cancellation. According to Weather.com, at the time of my flight, there would be light rain and winds of 3 mph. I asked if she could book me on the first available flight preceding my cancelled flight. She cheerfully offered to do just that. There was one 3 hours earlier, was that ok? Of course it was. only to find out that that flight was also cancelled due to weather. She checked other airports, no luck. And to make it more enjoyable it was being cancelled because of weather, it was my problem not theirs. And because they had waited another day after accepting my reservation, finding another flight was more than difficult. Another case of airline apathy."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Denver. Really bad experience today 9/6/2017 on flight 97 seat 25A. After sitting down it became clear the person next to be had incredibly bad breath, so bad that whenever I smelt it I literally wretched. Since the seatbelt sign was on I decided to wait before notifying the crew - big mistake. After about an hour after takeoff the seatbelt sign was still on so I pressed the call button and passed the crew member a note on my phone asking her if I could change seats. She said there were middle seats available and would let me know when she came back. She did come back - passed my seat many times including asking for drinks - but never mentioned the seat change request again, even though I was visibly unable to get good air and was basically crawling out of my seat. The seatbelt sign stayed on for the first 1.5 hours of the flight even though the air was calm and clear and we had long since flown out of the storms. Did the pilot forget to turn it off? After an hour everybody ignored it. The crew member never got back to me and I was unable to change seats even though I spotted at least two other seats available. That made for an extremely unpleasant four hours in the air and I will think twice before flying with JetBlue again in the future."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. JetBlue is the worst airline experience I have ever had. Upon getting stuck in traffic due to a highway pile up. I still arrived at my boarding gate 11 minutes before the flight was scheduled to leave. As myself and another woman approach the ramp to board. They said you have to be here 20 minutes before your flight leaves to board! We watch the plane sit for another 10minutes then leave. I was rerouted to another flight hours later that flew into Boston. With hopes of making a connection flight to Ft Laurdale. Upon landing and running through Boston airport to reach a connection flight. I arrived 10 minutes before the flight was scheduled to leave and they once again allowed no boarding. Instead I am forced to wait 5 more hours on another flight. One of my vacation days is a total waste. This has been the worse flying experience of my life. This is my first and last time flying with JetBlue."
"Verified Review | My first and probably last time flying Jetblue. Outbound from O'Hare to JFK, we left over 30 minutes late and yet made an on-time arrival. How was that even possible? Pad your flight schedules much? On the way home, we pulled back only a few minutes late but then pulled over and waited on the tarmac for an hour an half. Although we were told that there was weather in between New York and Chicago, passengers got on their phones and found that the weather radar was completely clear. No storms at all. Crew members just gave sheepish grins when told this information. We then had to return to the gate so that a new crew could take over. Passengers were allowed to deplane (with all of their things) and told that they could buy food and then reboard. After another hour or so, all of us (including those who had already boarded the plane twice) were forced off into the terminal with all of our stuff. Five hours after the original departure time, we finally reboarded (some passengers for the third time) and eventually took off. The entertainment system cut in and out the entire trip, going dark for ten minutes at a time. There were no apologies given for that problem or the delays, just a passing thank you \"for your patience\" before the final (re-re)boarding. The crew members were pleasant throughout the ordeal, but they work for a complete joke of an airline. If I were New York, I would force it to remove the \"New York's Airline\" advertising that is up around town-to avoid guilt by association."
"Verified Review | Raleigh-Durham to Boston. I've been flying since August 18th since 4pm - they cancelled my flight the same day I was traveling, when I called they said yes ma'am this happens all the time. I understand this part, but your job is look for another flight way before I called! They made me fly from the Raleigh airport to Boston to get with the surprise that as soon as I got to Boston I found out that my connecting flight to NY got delayed and I won't make it to my final destination! So I go over there trying for them to find me a new flight so I could make it on time and there was none, she told me I had to stay overnight and catch the next flight the next day at 12pm. I did that, I went to my gate and I slept there. Then someone from the airport woke me up and told me I couldn't sleep there and I had to go outside. They cancelled my flight and are kicking me out. Worst airline to fly with to be honest!"
"Verified Review | Boston to Baltimore. I bought a flight weeks ago for a 9:30 pm departure time. The flight was delayed initially by 25 minutes, then 1 hour, another hour and then another 40 minutes. The latest delay is a further 1 hour, 15 minutes. As I am sitting here writing this review, 6 hours after arriving to the airport for my original flight with no end in sight, and I seriously will never fly JetBlue again. I have taken some shady flights in my day (Spirit, RyanAir, etc) but all of them are preferable to experience I had tonight. Congratulations, in exactly one booking you have ruined the entire JetBlue brand and that's pretty impressive."
"Verified Review | Worst experience ever. We were supposed to leave Fort Lauderdale to Nassau at 1 pm and Jetblue kept posponing the flight. They made us move from one gate to another one, then back to the initial one. Nobody had a straight answer. Am I gonna get back my vacation day? And my kids's one? First and last time."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Newark. I booked with JetBlue because I thought it would make my flying experience so much smoother. But on multiple occasions they have made it an absolute nightmare. Upon flying to Costa Rica, my flight was scheduled to depart at 8 AM. They delayed it an hour at a time over seven times and then they completely cancelled the flight at 2PM. There were no other flights from JetBlue until the next day, meaning most of us lost money on hotels, shuttles, and time wasted. They did not give me a credit for the time lost, they just partially refunded me for the ticket since I was also coming back from Costa Rica flying JetBlue. I am now in Orlando, trying to get back home to New Jersey, and the same nightmare is happening again. They delayed it by an hour and a half. Now they've delayed it by another 45 minutes. They are notorious for great customer service if you can actually make it on the plane. I have never had such an absolutely awful experience, and this has happened to me twice within a two week period, at two separate airports. Do not ever book with them unless you want your time wasted and nothing from them as an apology. I paid over $800, several months in advance."
"Verified Review | San Jose to Orlando. My flight, scheduled from 8AM, was first delayed until 9AM. Then 9 to 9:30. Then 9:30 to 10. Then 10 to 11. Then 11 to 12:30PM. Then 12:30 to 1. Then, after waiting several hours in the airport (since I got there two hours before you depart, 6AM), they cancelled the flight and said there were no more until the following day. I had a shuttle to catch in the morning and it cost $350 to reschedule the shuttle because I was traveling five hours away from the airport. If they had just cancelled it to begin with I could have booked with another airline to make it there on time. I ended up going to a completely different airport and flying with United, who bumped me to first class! I made it to Costa Rica on time because of them. JetBlue gave me more than a headache, it was an absolute disaster of a travel experience, a nightmare, and they offered no compensation other than a refund. They randomly booked me on another flight that I never asked for (I was booking with another airline who could get me there on time), and I had to spend over an hour on the phone with a JetBlue agent to reimburse me the money properly. I am now returning with JetBlue, and the delays have begun again. We are already an hour and forty minutes into the delay. Do yourself a favor and don't fly JetBlue."
"Verified Review | Wish I had seen these Jetblue reviews before booking. So many people have my exact experience - my connecting flight from San Juan to Orlando was cancelled on August 12th. They could not get my 3 family members on a flight until Tuesday the 15th. We settled for a flight to Ft Lauderdale on the 13th, paying to rent a car for the drive to the Orlando airport. This flight has now been delayed three times, and I am waiting for the cancellation. There is no customer service - they offer little to nothing to assist in getting you back to the city for which you purchased a ticket"
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Lima. Wifi didn't work and then the TVs broke on my entire row. We were issued a service credit of $15, however this is unable to be used on already booked flights (ie our return leg a month later). After discussing this with the service department I was transferred to a very rude and unhelpful surpervisor. She would not allow me to use this credit for my future flight ( as it was booked before the malfunction took place) as \"that's not how it works\". If I could cancel my upcoming flight for a full refund and book with another airline I would. Will never fly with them again because of their poor customer service and malfunctioning equipment."
"Verified Review | On my way home from Cancun to Boston via Fort Lauderdale with Jetblue. Traveling with my whole family, we have spent from 10:30am traveling to a destination that's only 5 hours away. Arrival time now delayed to 2:30 in the morning. Traveled almost 24 hours. I will never fly Jetblue and I would never recomend to anyone. I am literally transferring my balance and canceling my Jetblue card asap. Anyone who sees this review please think twice before booking. It's now 7pm and our flight leaves at 11 and we get home at 2:30am worst traveling experience ever. Would recomend flying with another airline first."
"Verified Review | Richmond to Punta Cana via Fort Lauderdale/Boston. Just perused recent reviews and feel like my story was already told! Numerous times. Worst trip ever - coming and going! Left Richmond VA for Punta Cana, DR via Fort Lauderdale on Aug 3. #645/#173. 2.5 hour delay from FL because apparently, Jetblue neglected to assign a pilot to the flight! Called Jetblue from terminal, and was informed that I must have misunderstood gate employee as no one from Jetblue would ever make such an announcement re: the lack of a pilot! I explained to rep that we were meeting group from NY in DR to share hour transport to hotel that had already been paid for. Rep went on to explain they would need at least 5 days to evaluate who was at fault for the delay of a flight with no pilot assigned and to call back at that time to see if we would be compensated. Needless to say we had to pay another $70.00 for transport to hotel. Return trip: From Punta Cana, DR to Boston (#896) for lay over, then on to Richmond VA.(#1281). Left DR at 12:48 with 5:00 arrival time in Boston to catch a 6:50 connection to Richmond. When we were still in the air at 5:15, expressed concern to flight attendant that we would be unable to get through customs and traverse the entire airport in what was looking like less than an hour. We were assured we would have no problem. Landed and got off plane about 5:35, flew through terminal begging anyone who would listen, customs, Jetblue employees, TSA, etc. that we had a connecting flight. They couldn't care less. Even had Jetblue employee send us in the totally wrong direction dragging 3 suitcases which probably cost us at least 15 precious minutes. Thank God for the other passengers on TSA line who let us cut to front! My poor husband got through 1st and went flying to gate to beg that they await our arrival only to discover flight had already closed doors at 6:35! First we were told there was another flight to Richmond at 7:00. Then we were informed that was a mistake, the next was at 9:00 pm. Asked to speak with supervisor who was only interested in the specifics of our flight times, and then informed us that the problem was with whomever booked our flight as Jetblue always recommends at least 2 hours between connecting flights to avoid exactly what we just went through. When we informed him we had booked the entire trip through Jetblue Vacations, and shouldn't his airline know their own policy, he had nothing to say! In the middle of exchange, another employee came over, whispered in his ear and and he took off-no explanation. After waiting 20 minutes because of course, the supervisor of an airline in the middle of hearing a complaint from one of their customers would return, we went looking for him! Found him behind a counter talking to another employee. Watched for about 5/10 minutes until he turned around and saw me. This guy had no intention of returning to finish our conversation! So-long story short, we got a $40 voucher for food which in airline-ese is 2 hamburgers - found out our luggage had somehow made the very flight we missed and got home to Richmond at midnight. Note: Flight crew on #381 were fabulous, as was unknown employee at Logan check in counter who somehow got our liquor boxed and on flight after another Jetblue employee gave us the totally wrong info on how to transport!"
"Verified Review | Jetblue flight from Providence to Orlando due to leave at 630p but delayed twice due to plane maintenance per service desk attendant. Plane is currently in Fort Lauderdale being serviced. We booked a direct flight because I have back problems and can't handle long layovers (need place to lay down). First day of our vacation (long overdue) ruined due to Jetblue. Wondering if we will be stuck here overnight and have to wait all day tomorrow too"
"Verified Review | Terrible delay from New York JFK to Orlando - three hours with no weather issues. Zero communication. Unfriendly Jetblue staff that lied and dodged questions. Staff members continually told us they knew nothing about our flight and that they weren't working the flight yet all if them were our crew upon boarding. Zero accommodation. Upon landing they disappeared. We were directed by Jetblue staff with no verbal conversation but hand motions shuffling us from one place to the next only to end up in the completely opposite part of the airport for bag claim with our entire fellow passengers. Over 100 people had to reroute across whole airport due to their lack of care after a three hour delay."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Newark. I flew by jetblue many times in last 6 month. 90% of the times my flight was delayed. It was not like small delay but overnight delays. It is pathetic. They give credit of $75.this credit can be used only on jetblue flights. What is the use? I dont want to travel by their airline anymore. They dont care about customers. Time and energy wasted during these delays are priceless. I have missed important meetings because of these delays. They give weather reasons every time. When every other airline is on time."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Boston. Traveling back from Florida with my wife and two young daughters Jetblue sent me an email at 7:47am, 3 hours before my flight 2020 FLL-Worcester was scheduled to take off at 11:06am, that our flight was canceled. Agents on the phone were no help, only offering a flight leaving at 9:25am as an option. They claimed the flight was canceled for mechanical issues; somehow I don't believe that and this was some sort of cost saving cancellation. We rushed to the airport for the 9:25am flight only to be met by bumbling ticket agents who couldn't process customers quick enough. When it was out turn we were locked out. After running in-between terminals we were re-booked on Flight 376 to Philadelphia with a connection to Boston (yes, not our original destination). Flight 376 which was scheduled to depart at 1:32pm was a fiasco from the start. The flight boarded all passengers only to tell us that we'd be delayed as the flight had no water so they needed to wait for hand sanitizer - this wait was over 40 minutes. Stormy weather blew in, the runway was closed and we missed the window. After several openings and closings of the runway we finally took off at 3:30pm - 2 hours after our scheduled departure. The late takeoff meant we would cut it very close for our connecting flight 660 out of Philadelphia for Boston. I received a notification on my phone that the flight had been delayed till 6pm. With our estimated arrival in Philadelphia of 5:45pm I was hoping we'd be able to just make it. I asked the stewardess to speak with the captain as there were around 15 of us that had our Worcester flight 2020 canceled and were rebooked on these flights. I dreaded the thought of missing my connection because of the plane's lack of water and need for a hand-sanitizer delivery that took 40 minutes. The stewardess returned and said she spoke with the captain who would try to hold the flight. About 10 minutes before our landing another stewardess went on the intercom and told all theBoston bound passengers to relax because our gate was right next to Boston flight 660's E2, and that the plane would wait for us as the captain had called ahead. That was a major relief to hear that news. She also explained that we'd be let off the plane first ahead of other passengers to expedite our plane change. This was also a relief to hear considering my carry-ons and precious kid cargo. I nearly texted my father to pick us up at Logan (he was driving from N. Grafton in Worcester county), but I hesitated, wanting to be 100% sure. Well, unfortunately my apprehension proved deserved. When the door to the plane opened there wasn't any parting of the seas to let us through. In fact, both stewardesses who communicated with us disappeared, presumably shying away from the hidden truth. I yelled aloud whether we were being let off first but no one replied. I then looked out the plane's window - there wasn't any plane at E2 - flight 660 had already taken off! I walked down the gate corridor completely bewildered; the crew members were still nowhere to be seen. Upon exiting the gate, the JetBlue ticket agent handed me a new set of tickets. I asked where flight 660 went? The agent replied that it had taken off at 5:47, 13 minutes ahead of schedule and that we were now rebooked on the 8:41pm flight 760. Needless to say, all Boston bound passengers were furious - not sure if I can fly Jetblue for a while!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Boston. I was supposed to leave at 7.10 pm on a Thursday night. The flight continued to get delayed until 1am. They finally told us the flight was canceled. Then we waited for an hour to get booked on an 11am flight for Friday morning. The exact quote was \"we guarentee you will be booked on the 11am flight\". I am now at the airport at 10am and our flight has been pushed back to 4.45pm. This airline consistently gave no information and was extremely reactive with no helpful options. They gave us a 250 voucher, but who wants a voucher for an airline that treats customers like this and their flights can't take off on time. This will be the first and last time I ever fly Jetblue. Disclaimer: these delays were all under control of the airline. Twice we've been told flight was delayed due to pilot running out of legal hours. This is in control of a business as you know how long your pilots fly, and they still promised us times for flights that were unrealistic."
"Verified Review | Second time (and last time) flying Jetblue Airways from Port au Prince to Pittsburgh via Ft Lauderdale. Booked this flight because I had a $50 credit from my first disaster with this airline. I really hesitated booking this flight but thought I would give them a second chance. They proved to be the same disastrous mess they were the first time. Sitting in Ft Lauderdale airport, 3 hours delayed, on the floor because there are Jetblue delayed customers everywhere. Over 90% of all outgoing and incoming Jetblue flights on the screen are delayed! (The weather here is perfect, not the cause of the problem). Let me add, all shops and restaurants in this terminal close at 9pm! We are stuck here till 11.:30 (unless Jet Blue changes that for the 6th time today) and not even one offer of food or snacks from Jet Blue. This was not worth the $50 I saved! Really need to get their act together!"
"Verified Review | New York to Ft Lauderdale. One more time JetBlue becomes a nightmare re delays, customer service and total flight quality. Flight delayed 4 hours with no reason. Also customer service at help desk is unimanagible horrible and very helpless. Jet Blue should start pay attention regarding regular daily customers. I feel disapointed again by trusting Jet Blue."
"Verified Review | They will never tell you the truth! For this flight from Bogota to Fort Lauderdale with Jetblue we've been in the airport for almost 6 hours. We boarded the plane and after 2 hours we were advised it would be taken to a hangar. 2 hours later we were told we would return to the airport for food. After 1.5 hours in line we got some horrible food. No information from the airline after 6 hours. What I see is many passengers that are already in their second delay because of the same issue. It seems it is the way it works. There is no one to speak to - just write an email and wait for response which can take one month."
"Verified Review | Jetblue flight from New York to Fort Lauderdale was scheduled for 9:37, once I got to check in (6:50) the flight was delayed - no gate, no time info. I received email after email with updates for the flight being more and more delayed, my family and I end up boarding the plane at 2:30pm and took off at 3:14 pm, I have a connection flight in FL to Lima hopefully I will make it on time since we are still in the air."
"Verified Review | My Jetblue flight 1783 from Orlando to Bogota was delayed from 7 pm to 1 am for technical difficulties. Later on the changed it to 4:00 am. 9 hours of delay + 3h before. The left us waiting at the airport for 12 hours. No solutions proposed from the staff who were rude. They just said if cancel you have to wait 2 days to get to Colombia. For food, boxes with chips and cookies. Really bad experience! It was inhuman! Cheap company. I will never travel with Jetblue again!"
"Verified Review | New York to Seattle with Jetblue. General trend is that most staff members (airport and flight attendants) are rude and have big attitudes. Customer care is the last thing they know. The flight attendant showed zero patience and didn't wait for 5 seconds on my drink order. She said she will comeback to take order and never did. We were family of 4 and our seats were scattered all over. When we requested to be seated together, they said the flight is completely full and they can't do it. However there were empty seats throughout. JetBlue will be my last choice when I book my next travel."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Medellin. Jet Blue has figured out a way to cut costs. Quite often you will find that their flights are delayed due to maintenance that they do to the plane before departure. In the last two flights I have taken with them one flight was delayed three times making me lose my connecting flight and forcing me to fly out next day. The second time it is delayed because they are working on the plane. This is the last time I will fly this airline."
"Verified Review | Washington to Boston. This airline is fine should you not actually want to go anywhere. I felt like I was in kindergarten with a make-believe airline. I booked through Emirates. Foolish me, instead of booking a direct flight out of IAD with Emirates, I thought to save several hundred dollars by booking a cheaper flight with connecting JetBlue flights through BOS and JFK. Big mistake. I should have paid the premium for an Emirates only booking and completely avoid JetBlue. Flight staff have the friendliness but incompetence of high school interns. Weather delay I understand. I drove through the rainstorm. At the check-in counter, I specifically asked the staff at the counter if I would make my connecting flight to Emirates in BOS. He responded that the connection was tight but good. Wrong. At the gate, just before boarding, I and four other people were informed that we would miss our connections, and needed interline tickets. The staff at the gate spent an hour on the phone getting interline tickets for the other four passengers, and when she got to me, then after another twenty minutes on the phone, she informed me that I had just missed an interline ticket with Qatar Airways by fifteen minutes, and could only go the next day - a loss of 24 hours for me. She talked to me in the nicest department store customer service voice, but was incompetent. I missed a whole day on my vacation. JetBlue should have booked the interline ticket immediately at the check-in counter when they had told me that the connection to my Emirates flight out of BOS was tight. Returning connection JFK to IAD. I landed at JFK timely with Emirates, and put my checked bag on the connections check-in counter, and proceeded to JetBlue Terminal. I saw on the Departures Board that my connecting JetBlue flight from JFK to IAD was several hours away, but that there was an earlier JetBlue flight. I asked the staff at the Help Desk if I could get a boarding pass for the earlier flight. He asked me if I had a checked bag, and I replied that I already had checked in my bag at the transfer connecting flights counter. And so then he said that \"no\" I couldn't get an earlier flight because my bag was already checked in for the later flight and was going to be on that flight. Okay, fine. I understand. So I took my originally booked flight, my first actual flight on a JetBlue aircraft, which took off about two hours late (being a small discount aircraft flight at the very end of the day, I kind of understand that.) Upon arrival at IAD, I looked and looked for my checked bag at Carousel 10. After many bags went by, I looked around the carousel, and saw my bag sitting inside the JetBlue baggage office. It had come on the earlier flight! So here I am at Dulles at two o'clock in the morning with my bag, calling for my pickup ride, when I could have been calling for my pickup ride at a more civilized hour in the early evening! I specifically asked the staff at the gate if food would be provided onboard the aircraft. I was told \"no.\" So I stocked up on some snacks at the nearby snack kiosk. Needless, I was served cookies and Sprite onboard. I shall never book JetBlue again."
"Verified Review | I have been delayed 5 times thus far on my trip from Raleigh to Montego Bay via Fort Lauderdale. I am highly disappointed in this long delay in my vacation. This is my first and last time flying Jetblue. I have lost money on my room at the resort thanks to the airline."
"Verified Review | I had 3 delays leaving Boston and then for my return flight I received an email that my flight was canceled. Soon an automated voicemail and email reported a next day new flight. However I had planned to fly out after a conference and had no reservation to stay in PA. I called customer service who told me to go to the airport to talk with someone at the Jetblue Kiosk who might be able to offer some compensation. I asked for clarification-you are telling me to pay to travel to the airport where you have already notified me that my flight is canceled to possibly offer me compensation. Yes the rep offers. I am horrified - what if this was my daughter flying. What would she do in a city by herself without a hotel? I checked the website and entered my flight info - no compensation. Thankfully I did not spend $60 getting to the airport to learn this. Unacceptable."
"Verified Review | New York to Seattle. The incompetence and lack of ownership from JetBlue's side astounds me. I am unlikely to ever fly this airline again. From my flight being cancelled (Flight 263), to them loosing my luggage and blaming everyone else (Emirates, Me, Customs, etc) but themselves, to their inundated Customer Service people spending 30 to 60 minutes on the phone per customer to attempt to get them on other flights. I spent almost 6 hours at JFK figuring out what I needed to do as their customer service representatives were so unhelpful and made almost no announcements to anyone to let us know what was actually going on. I stood in one line for 2 hours and then another for another 2 hours and at no point were we given any clear guidance as to what was actually happening. Once I finally got a ticket out of New York for 2 days after the cancelled flight, I was told that JetBlue would not cover accommodation due to the flight being cancelled on account on bad weather. There was no bad weather in New York at the time that we arrived or the time the flight was supposed to depart. I spoke to several passengers who were all going to very different destinations, Seattle, Charleston, Boston, etc and all flights were cancelled which tells me that the weather issue was not the destination or on route, it was the source (New York), and seeing that there was actually no rain an just some clouds, it seems ludicrous that they would have us believe that the flights were cancelled due to bad weather. The fact that these sorts of things must happen every day, so for me to spend 6 hours in a airport, sorting everything from flights, to accommodation, to taxis, to my lost luggage which up to today no one had logged a ticket for, is absolutely unacceptable and it boggles my mind that they are still operating with this level of inefficiency, lack of procedure and incompetence."
"Verified Review | My flight was cancelled today from New York to Seattle. I have been waiting in the customer service line for over an hour to find out what my next steps are. The staff have been absolutely useless and insanely slow. They are taking so unacceptably long to turn over customers. Some of the same people are still waiting at the service counter. This will undoubtedly be the last time I use this airline again!"
"Verified Review | Long Beach to Austin. What has happened to JetBlue?? It used to be our go to airline to fly into Orange County. Three flights over the course of the past two weeks have resulted in 2 + hour delays for two of the flights and a missing crew for the other flight resulting in a 1+ hour delay. Will look for alternate airlines from here on out!"
"Verified Review | We were trying to fly by JetBlue (flight 1752) yesterday to Nantucket from Boston. Flight has been delayed due to \"weather conditions\" and finally canceled - and we have been rebooked to connecting flights via JFK, so will spend whole day flying. No compensation. Killed Saturday. The irony is there were many flights same day which successfully taken off from Boston and landed in Nantucket same time with canceled JB flight. Not been stopped by weather. Looks like when you are JetBlue and have a lot of free seats next day on others flights, nothing prevents to cancel a flight and save a lot of money - no matter what plans people have. From other review here it seems I am not alone and frequent flights cancellation from JetBlue is common practice, so avoid flying them unless you have no other option - or have plenty of free time and money."
"Verified Review | Daytona Beach to New York . I bought two tickets. One was for me and the other was for my son. For some reason, my son was not able to travel with me, but I still kept the ticket and checked in for him. Since I paid for the ticket, I wanted to keep the seat vacant for more space. When I was boarding at the gate, Jetblue staff took my son's boarding pass away from me. She said that since my son was not boarding, Jetblue needed to have the boarding pass back, and to remove my son from the flight customer list. I asked if Jetblue would give the seat to the others. The Jetblue staff said that they can and that's how it work. I was surprised of the information. Nevertheless, the seat of my son was left open today because they didn't need it (the staff told me)."
"Verified Review | New York to Buffalo via Boston. Jetblue thoroughly disappointed me over the Holiday Weekend. I was supposed to go home on June 30th at 10:30 pm out of JFK, but that did not happen. My flight was delayed for hours, until, they finally cancelled it. Not only did the support team have no remorse or sympathy, the only flight they could get me on was the next day at 8 am, which had a 5 hour layover in Boston and wouldn't get to Buffalo until the next day at 8 pm. I had no guarantee I would not get stuck in Boston the next day. My trip was cancelled, I was stranded at New York JFK at 3 in the morning, with no way to get home but spend $100 on an Uber back to my home in Jersey. I was inconvenienced, exhausted, and upset. I waited in the customer service line for two hours, only for their support team to tell me they could not refund me. I was finally refunded the next day after waiting on hold for an hour. It was not weather - it was that this airline could not handle the magnitude of flights booked for the Holiday Weekend and did not have enough Pilots. Maybe if the customer service team was a bit more caring, efficient and helpful, I would consider flying with Jet Blue, but not even one ounce of remorse or care-that shows me how valued we are as customers."
"Verified Review | Based on my experiences of 6/22/2017 and 6/24/2017 I will never purchase another fare from JetBlue and I will never recommend them to anyone. In the spring I began making plans to attend my daughters graduation from grad school in Vermont. Using Expedia, I searched for a reasonable fare and decided on JetBlue. The fares I purchased included a flight from O'Hare to JFK with a short layover at JFK and then a flight to Vermont. The same package in reverse was available for us three days later when we wanted to return home. So in all I purchased three fares, one for myself, my husband and youngest daughter and altogether, we were scheduled for two flights to get to Vermont and two flights to return to Chicago. On the drive into O'Hare on the morning of 6/22/2017 I received a text message that the flight to JFK and then the connecting flight to Vermont had been cancelled. There was no reasonable explanation given. Here were all my hopes of getting to Vermont cancelled in a brief, cold text message. I called Expedia who helped me arrange for another flight to Burlington but they also told me to keep the flight with JetBlue for my return flight on 6/24/2017 as they hadn't cancelled those two flights. Bad idea. I should of cancelled it and made changes right then but I thought this kind of event was something unusual. On Saturday 6/24/2017 when we went to the airport in Vermont to depart, the JetBlue flight was delayed for around four hours. JetBlue arranged for us to get a later connecting flight to Chicago that was suppose to leave around 6.00. When we got to JFK, the flight to Chicago was on the board and it said \"on time\". I think we may have been there an hour or so and suddenly the status of the flight was changed to \"cancelled\". Again, we got no answers or help from JetBlue's customer service with the exception of telling us where we could pick up our checked bag in the airport and rescheduling a plane the next day that we later learned would supposedly leave some time around 2.00 in afternoon and get us home by 9.30 after two connecting flights. Fearing we would be stranded in yet another city we made other arrangements. Essentially, we were left stranded at JFK by JetBlue. There were no available hotel rooms this weekend as it was Pride weekend in New York City and all the hotels were booked. We searched for rooms, Expedia searched for us and after using the services at JFK we learned there was nothing available. We were given no help or direction from JetBlue that was meaningful or helpful in our situation. We had never been to New York and only expected our stay to be a brief one as a connecting flight. No room, no reciprocity with another carrier. So to be clear, three out of the four flights we had arranged months in advance were cancelled by JetBlue with just the flick of a text message. I will never fly JetBlue ever again. I am utterly appalled for what passed as service and the willingness to leave people stranded with no assistance. There are few words to describe the service we received from JetBlue over this weekend but it was punctuated with an attitude of \"aww too bad\" and your on your own. I would like to thank the people who did help us at JFK but they were were from a different carrier, who actually got us home the next morning."
"Verified Review | Our 8:45 pm Jetblue flight departed Fort Lauderdale, FL at 9:32 pm and landed in Detroit airport at 12:20 am (Scheduled at 11:44 pm). We were stuck in front of the gate for 1 hour because the gate crews were not there. That is ridiculous! If they can't keep enough ground crew, why they are in business. They don't have any right to play with customers' valuable time."
"Scheduled to fly Jetblue Airways from Long Beach to Las Vegas. I will never fly with this airline again, been waiting two hours for a flight to Vegas and you can't get any updates or assistance from employees. I could have driven to my destination by now. I'm still waiting to board. I would not recommend anyone fly with them."
"Verified Review | San Jose to Boston. The flight was delayed for 6+ hours and then they cancelled the flight because they could not find a cabin crew to work that flight after all the delays. The customer service was not very accommodating during this whole situation. They had overbooked the flight, but that was avoided altogether because they ended up cancelling the flight after making people wait for a 6+ hours. They did not want to refund or rebook and all $$$ I had spent on the flight is gone. The frontdesk person was also not as helpful (granted people's tempers were already fuming after not being given ample communication beforehand that the flight might get cancelled and having been made to wait for 6 hours during the wee hours of the night). I ended up missing all the important appointments planned as a result of this incident. I will never fly JetBlue again."
"Verified Review | Flew from Burlington to Seattle via New York JFK. I will never fly Jetblue Airways again. My flight here was first delayed by four hours. Then my return flight was delayed by two hours because they held a plane for another group from another city, causing me to miss my connection. It seems this airline can't keep its schedule even remotely. I'm losing an entire day because they ran some numbers and figured it was easier to screw the smaller number of flyers. I'll pay a little extra to fly with airlines I can trust like Alaska Air."
"Verified Review | Multiple delays of 2-3 hours on both flights leaving on 6/16 and returning on 6/25 flying from Orlando to Newark. \"Maintenance issues\". As the gate number also kept changing, we could see many other JetBlue flights were delayed. Really disappointing! Won't be flying with Jetblue again."
"Verified Review | Boston to Fort Myers. First flight was cancelled 3 hours before departure with no other flight options that day. Had to leave in the evening the following day and that flight was delayed 2 hours. An entire 24 hours of vacation lost forever. Return flight was delayed an hour. Weather was clear both days at our airport as well as the airport the plane was coming from. This errand I could care less about your time they just want your money."
"Verified Review | JetBlue is the worst airline, first time flying this company from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas and everything went wrong. First 3 gate changes, 2 hours to get on the plane through the rudest gate staff you can imagine. Once on as we taxi, the pilot says there's thunder while other planes take off, then half an hour after it turns out to be a mechanical problem they are going to \"try to fix\". Please see attached picture for the riveting entertainment, and the wifi doesn't work either."
"Verified Review | Flew Jetblue from Portland to Anchorage. Customer service was horrible at the ticket counter. We were traveling with someone with a wheelchair and the staff member gave us the wrong information. After waiting for four hours she told my husband he could go right to baggage drop and they refused to assist him and sent him to the end of the line. Not helpful at all. Not sure what happened, last year they had excellent service and this year it has gone downhill. This is the second time we have flown this summer."
"Verified Review | New York to Jacksonville. First flight delayed so we missed the second. Still waiting 2nd flight that's been delayed twice. Probably will be spending the night at JFK for reasons no one will share with us. I would like to rate them zero. One thing's for sure, JetBlue will never screw me again."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Boston. JetBlue is a good carrier if you fly to and from a JetBlue hub. If not, I would not fly on this airline. 100% of my direct flights from Charlotte to Boston return have been either late or canceled. In all cases, it was important for me to get to my destination on time. JetBlue tends to be slightly better priced than American on these routes, but I have concluded it just isn't worth the $25-$35 savings."
"Verified Review | Thought that I'd try Jetblue for the first time when they posted the cheapest flight for the first time in the 3 years I've been flying between San Antonio / Austin and New York. In the end I've come to the conclusion, as I'm waiting overnight in the JFK terminal for 8 hours that they really just don't care. I originally scheduled travel to leave on the evening of 25 May but I was informed that the flight would be delayed out of Austin for 3 hrs and as a result would miss my connection at JFK. The earliest they'd be able to get me out of JFK on the 26th would be 4pm, so I changed my flight to depart Austin on the 26th. The same flight on the 26th was again delayed from 5:06pm to 5:50 pm and I called to ensure that I would still make my connection. The phone agent confirmed I would make the connection so I drove to Austin to catch my flight. While waiting at the gate the flight was delayed again, now to 6:25pm. Attendant at the gate confirmed that I would make my connection. As I was boarding the plane I was told that I'd have to check my carry-on. I explained that I had a tight connection in JFK, but was reassured by the gate that it wouldn't be a problem. As we approached JFK the flight had to circle until we were diverted to refuel in Philly for return to JFK. Once we finally landed at JFK it was 12:30am and thought I would have time to catch my connecting flight however, no one from Jetblue met the plane and the crew did not provide connection information. I looked at the departure boards but my flight was not listed. As I attempted in vain to search the gates for my departing flight and access the flight status option on the website (which did not work) I went to the previous gate I was told the flight would be at before it had been delayed several times, but it was not there and the only manned \"Just Ask\" station in the terminal was in close proximity but with twenty people in line. So I called the 1-800 number and it was obvious that the phone agent was not well trained and tried to inform me that my next flight was my departure flight on the 29th and all my previous flights had departed on time. She had no idea that my flights had been delayed and informed me that the only available flight was 8:36am that morning. I asked then why had I received texts that my connecting flight was not departing until 01:07am and she couldn't explain it but asked if I wanted to change my flight as if I had a choice. When I said yes, she stated that she would have to get a supervisor to allow her to make the change. That process took about 30 minutes and at the conclusion she told me that I needed to talk to an employee at the terminal to confirm the information she'd provided me. When I finally got to the front I was told that the flight had indeed been delayed and that I could have caught that flight and my bag had made it on the flight. Why wouldn't the flight be on the departure screens? So now I have no access to my bag during the 8 hour layover. To top it off, I requested to talk to a supervisor and was told that someone would come talk to me but it could take a while, I have 8 hours to spend here anyway so said sure I'll wait. Two hours later I was told that the supervisor would not be able to speak with me and that if I truly wanted to speak with one that I would need to exit security and search for one at the ticket counter. Had I known, I would have canceled my travel plans. First and last time I'll fly on Jetblue."
"Verified Review | I have had two very unpleasant experiences with JetBlue recently. Lost baggage. Significant delays and missed connection to desired airport. Had to reroute to another airport. In regards to the first unpleasant experience, lost baggage. Luggage never left JFK airport, my departure airport. My ultimate destination was La Paz, Bolivia, with a connection to Washington IAD from New York JFK. Representative sent me to the incorrect terminal after I was already at the correct terminal (Terminal 5). This already caused a stressful situation. Secondly, upon my arrival, my bags did not arrive to my final destination, La Paz. The second awful experience was due to a severe delay and missed connection. Once again, JetBlue. I've already spent enough time writing complaints, I would prefer not to anymore. Avoid at all costs."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Cancun. Have flown to Cancun several times and the flight has never been less than 3 hrs late with jetblue. Their service and explanation as to why they are late is horrible. It appeared they claim it's an equipment problem when really it's lack of tickets sold and they want to move people to later flight"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Richmond. Stranded at the gate without any notification. The JetBlue ap still had the flight listed as \"On Time\" but the flight at the gate changed to another destination. No notice and no flights out of Orlando to Richmond that day. Our business client was left stranded. We will never book a flight with JetBlue again. If you depend on your airline to deliver on what they sell loof elsewhere. Clearly with the long line of passengers waiting to find alternate flights due to the multiple JetBlue canceled flights, this is standard practice for JetBlue. If the flight isn't full, they cancel and cut their losses at the expense of the passengers. A simple refund will not make up for our loss of revenue and our disappointed client left stranded in Richmond. Stay clear of this airline!"
"Verified Review | Boston to New York. I am so disappointed by my experience with JetBlue from two weeks ago. After sitting on the plane on the runway for an hour we were all told to exit the plane and wait in a very long line to figure out how to fix our travel plans. There were about 5 of us traveling to Honolulu who got completely screwed because we missed our connecting flight. The only option for us was to wait 12 hours for a flight to Vegas > Honolulu then a 3 hour delay before finally flying to Lihue for me. This means I missed my first night in my hotel. I was 14 hours late to my final destination. I missed my shuttle and had to pay for a taxi which was ridiculously expensive. When I wrote to JetBlue they refused to reimburse me for anything and gave me a $50 credit. You can't fly anywhere for $50. This company is worth hundreds of millions of dollars yet they can't afford to pay for their mistakes."
"Verified Review | New York to Las Vegas. We were to fly out of New York May 5th, but they canceled our flight. I understand weather and such, but delay it would have been better. I called customer service to the tune of I am sorry, nothing we can do. We had a show that was paid for months ago and important to get to Las Vegas before 8pm. They could only get us on a 6-7pm flight which put us into LV after the show had started. Considering airlines were flying out in the afternoon, when the weather was better, JetBlue could not even accommodate by adding a flight that would have helped many of us who had to scramble for another airline. Every airline we checked was full or flying out in the evening. You could imagine how upset I was. JetBlue has a high cancellation record and I have been flying with them since the beginning. Dealing with TV's that haven't worked to sometimes unfriendly crew members, I brushed it off. When customer service on the phone says this has happened to them and they didn't take it out on the person trying to help them, after asking them how would they feel if this happen to them? That was wrong. Flying home on JetBlue was terrible. Full flight and the TV's did not work. It was a new plane and they did not work. Crew was not that friendly, empty cups and soda bottles were left under the seats. I feel like they have overgrown. No regard for the inconvenience of their passengers who have to shell out hundreds more dollars for a flight with another carrier or who miss important events. If you cancel a flight, figure out rescheduling a little later. That is the right thing to do. Put another airplane into use with a crew. I will tell you, we flew out on Delta and I was very impressed. I have 2 more trips on JetBlue coming up and then I think I need to part ways. I felt at their mercy like they shrugged their shoulders. I have choices and they should understand that. Sometimes the lower fare is not the best choice. I have written them many times on their great service and flights. Now I can't say that. They price gauge for everything from seating room, $70 for more legroom and the seats are not much more comfortable. At least on Delta, seats are wider and more comfortable for an up charge. This put us out almost $500 that we did not expect to spend. Everyone has their opinion and experience with each airline. JetBlue is getting a thumbs down for the added stress it put on my short weekend in Vegas."
"Verified Review | Just flew JetBlue for the first time from Orlando to Los Angeles. The plane was dirty, the staff were less than attentive. They couldn't be bothered to help with service of any kind. We were in row 1 so the two times they did come by (once for food and once for trash), they rushed past our row without stopping to ask if we wanted or needed anything. We had to ask them to come back. I will avoid flying this airline again."
"Verified Review | New York La Guardia to Fort Lauderdale. My husband and I had a layover in Fort Lauderdale which was supposed to be for two hours. Instead, we were delayed for almost five hours. By the time we got to our hotel it was 1am. I can honestly say my family and will do all possible to refrain from flying JetBlue in the future. We paid for the even more space seats and we were squeezed in them. The seat space is just the distance from seat to seat. Not the seat itself."
"Verified Review | Orlando to New York JFK. Very disappointed, was 1 minute late to check in at kiosk for a 6am flight and by the time I made it to the crew member it was another 4 mins in, the agent would not allow my family of 4 including a lap child to check in saying that I had to have checked in 40 mins prior to flight, and adding that the flights are booked due to a delay the evening before - and they had to accomodate several other passengers. This is ridiculous we had 3 paid seats which they gave away for a minute delay we could have easily made to the gate on time if the agent had shown a little care and checked us in. When I called the customer service center to report this issue they were not helpful and said there was nothing they could do. I am returning home and waiting to go back to airport for a 6:40 pm flight, enough of my issue a word of advice to whoever is flying and running a little bit behind make sure to take a few minutes to do online check-in so you can ensure that you are checked in 40 minute prior and then as needed print your tickets at kiosk. This really was not nice!"
"Verified Review | I flew from Salt Lake City to New York with my mother (76 years). I fell asleep then my mom woke me up telling me she was not feeling well. My mom almost passed out for a short time. I called the flight attendant who showed up I told her my mom does not feel well and I asked her for water, she grabbed a small bottle of water and disappeared. She could not even asked me what was wrong with my mother. I have no idea how this woman works as a flight attendant. Smile and be nice to people is not hard at all. Very disappointed with Jetblue service. They did not provide anything not even water. Flight 72 Saturday April 22 of 2017."
"Unverified | Charleston to Fort Lauderdale. Today I should be on the spring break vacation with the young children and teenage nieces that I have been planning for 6 weeks. Due to a cancellation and no rebooking availability on Jetblue, I sit at home writing this oh so very true review. There are no considerable hotels available within driving distance. Thus, there is very little we can do at this point to overcome the disappoint our family is encountering. After two hours and getting no where with Jetblue, I am simultaneously attempting to cancel all other accommodations arranged for this trip. I am highly discouraged by this airline's lack of treatment to its patrons. Customer service under provided when it could have chosen to be highlighted as unforgettably amazing! Jetblue better step up its CS game or face serious future consequences. Empower your employees to do want is right in extenuating circumstances. We are people not systems. Southwest here we come again, gave JB straight one star because I wouldn't know - never boarded the flight and couldn't be rebooked for another. As it related to value for money, the minimal credit issued does not come close to covering our losses. My kids are heartbroken."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles, Whereas I've often seen that when a couple of family comes aboard separated they will sit together and when someone comes who has the seat they all work it out - with my volume of travel, and my teams', we're often those people who switch our seat, here's how JetBlue made this mess. There were no adjacent tickets available for purchase when we bought the tix so we ended up with two mint window seats and two aisle seats, each set on opposite sides of the aisle, my 11 year old son sat on his own but of course we couldn't leave my 7 year old little girl sitting alone by a window seat while my wife sat on the other side of the aisle without even full view of my daughter and have some stranger sit next to my little girl. So my wife sat next to my little girl until we could talk to the person in that seat - who we assumed would be reasonable like the rest of us. Then one of the gate staff came in and told my wife she had to move, leave my 7 year old little girl who still carries her pink blanket with her alone. I went up and told them there was no way we were leaving our little girl alone in that seat, wait for some stranger to sit there and hope the airline could work it out. The guy across the aisle was sweet amidst what was becoming a tense situation and offered to trade, which was great. I then went up to tell the pilot, stewardess and offending gate person that I was going to issue a formal complaint and rather than simply apologizing or even just saying something like \"I understand of course, go ahead\" he threatened to have our family wait for the next flight if I complained. I was speechless and since my wife and my daughter were now sitting together safely I let it go. Do they train these airline people on customer service and service recovery at all? Do you JetBlue?"
"Verified Review | Due to fly Jetblue from JFK to Charleston. Entire weekend cancelled, trip cancelled completely with no options and all they say is \"sorry, we can provide you a refund.\" Seriously? You have got to be kidding, I took off two days off work and missed a wedding. They are not partners with any other airlines and I spoke with multiple supervisors, who offered nothing. First, they cancel my flight on Thursday from JFK to Charleston, they provide no solution for Thursday, they re-book me out of Philadelphia for the following day, Friday, with a layover. On Friday, they delay my flight so I would miss the layover. After hours on the phone without any solutions they give me a refund. Sorry, a refund does not cover the days I took off from work and the vacation that was completely ruined and the wedding that I missed!"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to New York JFK. Travel with a service animal. Have animal training certificate and proper identification. My pet is a seizure alert medical service animal and the CRO denied my paperwork, medication I take for condition, and threatened to remove me from my flight because I stated he was discriminating against an individual with a disability. Made me pay 100$ or miss my flight. In addition, he stated that the airline does not accept certified service animal documentation."
"Unverified | Baltimore Washington to Orlando. Everything is extra. It's an a la carte airline and not for families. If you are a single person with no luggage then it's a great airline. If you have a family then it's abysmal. I wasn't even able to sit next to my wife and children even after a service representative assured me that we would be next to each other. Cost us an extra five hundred dollars in fees to fly."
"Verified Review | I have flown Jetblue for years and loved them. However, the last year has been a disaster for them. Flight delays and cancellations have become the rule rather than the exception. I don't usually write reviews, but this particular time I was suppose to fly from Burlington to Washington Dulles, which is considered a short flight. My flight was to leave Burlington at 5:40, with a layover in New York, and get to Virginia at 9am. It is now projected that I will arrive in Virginia at 12-1am. An almost 24 hour delay. I am sorry for the employees who have always been kind and respectful and demonstrated excellent customer service skills. Unfortunately, the frequent, extended delays are ruining the good name of this company. If you want to get where you are going on time, pick another airline."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Boston. JetBlue Airways attracts it's customers with low prices for airfare as well as complimentary items such as their free 36 Direct TV channels on their in flight entertainment systems. However, while complimentary items and low airfare are nice, the customer service always needs to be a priority and that is what was lacking on Flight 602 service to Boston. Even though this was a Red-eye flight (aka an all-nighter), I believe that at the least flight attendants shouldn't be screaming for people to sit down. The attendants on this flight I can imagine probably don't like their shift but taking it out on the passengers isn't right. And while I understand that they have a tight schedule to keep they are perfectly capable of saying please and thank you every once in a while. All I have to say is that if you think low airfare and complimentary items beats Customer Service in the airline industry, then Jetblue Airways isn't so bad - but personally I prefer an airline with good customer service."
"Verified Review | This is a review of the airline, not the flight, as I was not allowed to fly. I had an 8am flight from Boston to San Francisco in their version of Business Class, Mint. When I tried to checking online it would not allow me, so I went to the airport and at the kiosk I was also told to see someone. I stood in line for 30 minutes and was refused a ticket despite having paid for the ticket in advanced on my frequent flyer account on JetBlue site. I had a charge from JetBlue on a previous family trip that I was disputing with my credit card company as fraudulent. Although I had not received notice it appears the credit card company agreed the charges were fraudulent and reversed the charges. Despite selling me a ticket they would not let me get a boarding ticket without paying the fraudulent charges that were in dispute. The shift supervisor said that I could not do anything but pay and that there was no one else to talk to about it. In short I missed my flight and had to rebook on a real carrier later and missed important meeting. Very unprofessional and despicable that they would book a ticket and not honor the transaction with no notice!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Nassau via Boston / Ft. Lauderdale with Jetblue Airways. Both outbound and return flights delayed for mechanical reasons. 3 hours late, missed connector, had to stay the night at a hotel because they had no other flights. Never again - would not reimburse for the additional parking day I had to pay for."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to New York JFK. 3 hour delay, no problem as weather was bad. The problem happened after arrival (this was a direct flight), the entire plane waited for luggage for 2 hours, no explanations, everyone eventually filed claims of lost luggage. 24 hours later and many attempted calls and still nothing, no updates, nothing. I've been traveling on airlines for over thirty years, never experienced anything like this."
"Ft Lauderdale to New Orleans. Will never fly JetBlue again. Had to fly out quickly to see my ailing father. Paid for a bag each way in advance. Then, a few days after making reservations, I called to see if I could get my bag credit each way as I could forego the checked bag. JetBlue Customer service refused to credit my $50 bag each way. Hope the $100 was worth losing another JetBlue Customer. Way too much competition out there. Will never fly them again."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Santiago Cibao. After delaying the flight for 3.5 hours and switching everyone from one plane to the other 3 times, they decided to cancel the flight. All the \"help\" we got from the people there was to let us know that the way to proceed was calling the 1-800-jet-blue so they can try to put us on other flights. We spent more than 12 hours until we were able to get on a plane."
"Verified Review | Reno to Burlington via New York JFK. Jetblue is an unbelievably poor airline. Was excited about their new Reno to jfk flight but after this trip I'll do everything I can to avoid them again. Their mobile boarding pass didn't register my seat number, and the gate agent got involved and ended up pulling me off the plane because he couldn't find me on the roster. Turns out he was searching for me by first name instead of last! So I missed the flight and spent the day in JFK airport. And top it off they did nothing for a refund, no food voucher, not even an apology! Pathetic customer service."
"Verified Review | Utterly useless. Flight from Reno to Long Beach was 2 hours late, checked the city it departed from and there were no weather or other extreme delays on that end, so what gives? Also had to go back to the ticket counter twice because the boarding passes they printed the first time wouldn't scan at security. Friendly enough employees but they will nickel and dime you for everything, be prepared before you get on the plane. I really would of preferred to pay a few more dollars and book with an airline that wouldn't make me multiple hours late for work for no reason, but I didn't book this trip."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Cleveland. One of my group didn't have a seat assignment on their ticket. We went up to the check in desk to address this issue. Once there, a gentleman on the same flight was waiting for assistance but there was no one at the desk. However, there was an employee standing at the front of the entry line deep in conversation with a woman in a wheelchair. We waited patiently for someone to come and take care of the man in front of us as well as ourselves. Five minutes passed with no one attending the desk. One of the pilots came over so he could board the plane. He received no assistance. After waiting a few minutes. He walked up to the agent and proceeded to ask why he wasn't helping the man who was still waiting at the desk. The pilot walked away looking frustrated. The agent proceeded to turn back to his conversation leaving the customer still waiting at the desk. Eventually, the agent started to walk away from the woman he'd been talking to when the husband stepped up and entered the conversation. At that point I walked up to him, excused myself, and ask if there was anyone working the desk. He said yes and I proceeded to ask when they would be coming. He hesitated for a moment before identifying himself as said attendant. He finally asked what my needs were. The man at the attendant station still stood unhelped with a look of aggregation on his face. The agent asked us to wait, saying he'd be right back, as he walked to the desk. We followed behind him just in case he got distracted again. The first customer's frustration grew based on his look of discuss at having been completely overlooked. Fortunately, a second agent showed up to the desk and helped the first guy. I've never seen such poor customer service at an airport in my life. If this is the way JetBlue treats it's customers, they just lost my business."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Ft Lauderdale. I purchased a non refundable ticket in advance and selected a seat (3c) at time of purchase. When checking in and obtaining my boarding pass, they changed my reserved seat to 32c in back of the plane. They had no right to give away my seat as I purchased a nonrefundable ticket. If I wanted to change or cancel my reservation, they would hit me up with the full fare, and if I changed the time or date, they would have charged more. There policy is wrong and unfair. I should have been given the seat I originally reserved. I have choices in the future and will choose an airline a bit more honest than jetblue."
"Verified Review | For the past several flights that I have take with JetBlue, their online departures have been horrific. It honestly does not have to do with the weather. We are sitting in New Orleans airport staring at a weather radar map that is clear for the US. Our flight to New York JFK is delayed for two hours. It is the only flight on the board that is delayed. That's it - JetBlue, you are not worth my money or time anymore, your service is pathetic."
"Verified Review | I flew jet blue to Orlando in July. The return segment was delayed for 3 hrs. Today September 4th I was traveling as a standby passenger and got booted off after boarding the plane. Due to weight restrictions and excess luggage issues. Another passenger volunteered to exit the plane so that I could make the flight. He did in fact deplane along with his wife and daughter. I was still asked to leave because of luggage problems. I then waited 2 hours for it to be returned to me. Then I was told that one piece of luggage was left back on the plane. So I was asked to deplane because of weight and luggage issues yet my suitcase left without me. Bravo jetblue. You have officially lost a customer."
"Verified Review | I have always been a avid JetBlue customer. I have even highly recommended them to family and friends. But in the last month I have had nothing but delayed and canceled flights. I'm not sure if it is a management problem but they seem to never be able to keep their schedule. I have flown three times in the last month and all three time I have had over two hour delays, 7/13, 8/5 and now again 8/18. To make it worse they never have a reason. Once I was told it was because of bad weather in Orlando where the plane was coming from but when I checked the weather in Orlando it was perfect with 10% chance of rain. My flight is a 25 minute flight from San Juan to St. Croix and it seems to always be delayed for hours. That just doesn't make sense. I'm waiting 8 times longer than my flight time. It is unacceptable that a company can charge hundreds of dollars for ticket with no responsibility. I recommend not to use JetBlue unless you have to, today I know there are not many better choices."
"My sister and her husband were headed on their honeymoon to the Bahamas. Everything was paid for ahead of time and all set to go. They left Ohio, went to Detroit to get a flight to Fort Lauderdale and from there, Jetblue Airways was taking them to the Bahamas. Come to find out once they landed in Fort Lauderdale, their flight with Jetblue canceled 2 days ago. They were not notified in anyway. They went through hoops trying to catch a flight still today and found one but it has a 5 hour layover. They are missing out on an entire day of their planned and paid for activities due to this inconvenience and incompetence. No customer representative was willing to help them or try to compensate for their loss."
"Verified Review | The ticket agent neglected to inform me that the seat assignment in an \"extra space\" row had nowhere to put your feet because the seat was directly behind the flight attendant's jump seat which was attached to a wall. I could not put my feet under the flight attendant's jump seat because of the wall. Having two tears in my right meniscus, I cannot keep my knees bent at a 90° angle for several hours, but that is precisely what I was forced to do on Jetblue from JFK to LAX on 9 August 2016. I ended up standing for nearly 3 hours of the 5.5 hr. flight. It was a full plane and no other seats were available. My knee swelled up and I spent the last hour and a half of the flight icing it. The ticket agent also prepared two boarding passes with my name on them (giving one to me and the other to my travel friend) which prevented my friends from getting through security and requiring them to go back to the ticket counter for a new boarding pass. Jetblue's response: \"There's nothing we can get do because have already flown.\""
"Verified Review | Denver to Boston with Jetblue. This flight was delayed over 3 hours and this was not communicated in time for passengers to adjust travel plans and even if we could have, a second email encouraged us to arrive on time because Jetblue was \"trying to reduce the delay.\" When we got to the gate, it was clear that there was no chance the delay could be reduced. This was not transparent to any of the people on this flight and incredibly disappointing customer service. The staff, while very kind, was clearly not allowed to communicate any useful information to passengers."
"Verified Review | I went on a trip to NYC and on the return flight (JFK to Jacksonville) we show up early for a 9pm flight. After being their two hours the plane became delayed until 1am, as it got later and later the flight kept being pushed back further and further - after sitting at the airport for 10 hours they finally tell us that the plane has arrived and they need to clear etc - no sooner did they tell us that they have decided to cancel the flight. We were given no other information. The jetblue staff refused to help anyone. They made us go back to the check in desk to get on another flight. So after making us sit 10 hrs for a cancelled flight, we were expected to stand in line for another few hours to get a flight. I walked to the front of the line and demanded help. The first lady rude and dismissive, finally I walked over to another lady and I just lost it and had a full on panic attack in front if the whole airport. Finally she got me tickets. There was not a flight until two days later. I was refused any kind of hotel accommodation because it was due to \"weather\". We had to spend money on taxi services to go back and forth from a relative's apartment that we were staying with. If I hadn't had a relative in the city their only other suggestion would be to sleep on a cot for the next two days in the airport. We were never offered any kind of food or drink voucher. It was the most awful experience I have ever had in an airport with an airline. I would never fly JetBlue again."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Detroit with Jetblue. I chose this airlines because I figured that anything would be better than Spirit but how wrong I was. The flight to Florida went off without a hitch however the flight home was a different story. The flight was delayed by more than 2:45 minutes and of course we were not extended the courtesy of being informed of this as we were checking in baggage. It was only realized as we approached the gate where we encountered hundreds of angry passengers. There was zero communication. We were told to stand in the line containing hundreds of people if we wanted to make other arrangements. Needless to say after standing there for over an hour only to watch the line shorten by 1 person I had had enough. I called the 800 number where I was informed they could book me on the next days flight but they couldn't tell me where, how, or what to do about my luggage. Had they told me upon the time I was checking in my luggage I could have made the decision as to what to do at that moment but to mislead me, take my money, and send me upstairs to what they knew was a nightmare was far more unprofessional. It only took a little communication and a bit of honesty and you wouldn't have lost my future business."
"Verified Review | I was traveling with familly to Long Beach from Boston. When I bought the tickets online, I wasn't able to choose the seats. When I called the airline, they told me that we would get our seats when ticketing. Our seats ended up scattered. I complained and later I was able get my kids to sit together. During the flight, when I asked for a drink for the second time, the flight attendant refused saying that drink service time was over so I should go to the back and get it myself. Finally, we checked in two bags at the same time. One bag arrived but the other one didn't. From the start to the end we had a very unpleasant flying experience, and will not be using Jetblue Airways again."
"New York JFK to Punta Cana with Jetblue. My midnight flight has been delayed 4 times after I arrived at the airport and has now been cancelled. The next flight is 2 days later which is too late. I waited in line for Jetblue customer service for 1 hour for them to close and re-open in 1 hour (e.g. 3:00am). When I spoke to customer service on the phone, she didn't know what airports are in Dominican Republic so she wasn't sure which ones Jet Blue flies into. Her recommendation was that I cancel my flight or check online for the next availability. The car rental I booked through Jetblue is now my problem and I have to call them directly to cancel and deal with any incurred cost. Worst customer service I have experienced in years. I still have no idea why my flight was cancelled."
"Literally on the Jetblue flight from Boston to Seattle right now. Disgruntled looking flight attendant, first thought is he's tired. So I am sitting next to a girl who doesn't speak much English and is understandably hungry, I show her how to call the attendant with the button and patiently help her request water and snack from said attendant. He says dryly, \"there's a menu\" due to the fact I can't recall the name of the item she wants. Then I ask for coffee to which he stares at me blankly and walks away. He brings my coffee and I say thank you, loudly. He says nothing so I say thank you once more as he hands me my ice, no response. My husband who was sleeping even heard me thank him. Very rude person. Has nothing to do with the airline but he needs to brush up on his customer service. Will repost if I catch his name."
"Washington DC to Nassau via Fort Lauderdale has been, by far, the worst experience we have had with any airline service! The way JetBlue does business is absurd. Our flight left from DC to Fort Lauderdale where we had a one hour layover before connecting to Nassau, Bahamas (final destination). During the one hour layover, the boarding gate changed three times, from E8 to E6 to E10. After changing gates multiple times, we find out that the flight actually departed from E8 and we missed our flight. They did not call our names over loudspeaker because they didn't even know our names or know that we were missing from the flight. The next flight wasn't until later in the evening therefore missed a whole day of our vacation. To compensate us JetBlue gave us a $40 voucher each towards our next flight. Needless to say we won't be flying JetBlue again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Boston with Jetblue. My first and definitely my last time. My flight was supposed to depart 9:40pm flight didn't leave until 11pm. Supposed to land at 5:30am and didn't get there til 7:45am. Plenty of the other people missed there next flight in Boston due to the lack of urgency."
"Verified Review | The JetBlue Airport staff after security were the worst I have experienced in all my years of travel. After security we went to our original gate, where we realized it was changed to 11. When we arrived at our new gate boarding already began. As we were walking in, my wife made a humorous comment about the gate change. It was then that one of the JetBlue staff members rudely interrupted our conversation to chime in, \"you know gates do change and you are responsible to know about these changes\". Upon boarding, we were shocked to see that our overhead storage compartment was completely taken. We had paid extra money to receive the \"extra legroom seats\" and we were seated in row 1. It appeared that all of the passengers seated behind us had placed their luggage in the first 6 rows of overhead compartments. I decided to take a seat and wait for everyone to be seated so I could walk to the back of the plane to place my bags, this seemed like the only option being that my wife and I had two carry on bags with absolutely no free compartments in sight. It was here where one of the flight attendants came up to me and said \"sir you cannot have your bags in front of you\". I kindly told her that there was no space in any compartments near me, she said you need to go to the back of the plane and \"find space\". Have paid extra for the \"even more space\" seat and paying to sit in row 1, I was flabbergasted when we asked the flight attendant for a blanket for my pregnant wife and she responded with \"that's $5 dollars, how will you pay?\". It was about 30 minutes into the flight when the flight attendant came through with water and asked what drinks we would like. I requested for a Ginger ale and the flight attendant wrote it down. It was 42 minutes to be exact before I received my wife's drink. I asked the flight attendant twice about the drink. Being that our seats were 1C and 1D, it was literally two steps away from where they store the drinks. They were purposely avoiding getting this drink. Please save yourself money and fly with another airline"
"Verified Review | New York to Santo Domingo with Jetblue. Very unprofessional staff. Check in was a nightmare. First they tried to charge me $20 for each bag we were checking in on the international. When they realized they made a mistake, they told me that my carry on bag was too big so they could charge me $35 for it. Have to make money somehow. Flight was not any better experience. They told me that I cannot put my back pack into the luggage storage area because it was only for passengers with bigger carry on bags, even though that was the only carry on bag we had. Moreover there was no selection of drinks or any food."
"Jacksonville to New York JFK return with Jetblue. Our recent trip felt like a third-tier super-economy experience rather than the \"good value plus human-touch\" approach they used to stand for. Both flights of our round-trip were delayed by hours, and although they provided some snacks and vouchers outbound (Jacksonville), the return experience at JFK was abysmal. We wandered to a counter which was closed, despite the \"open\" sign, and were actually berated by the agent, who offered no help guiding us to the open desks. Unbelievable. And when we finally checked in the staff made no eye contact, no thank you, no you're welcome - the experience couldn't have been colder. Same on our flight, where you now have to fork over five bucks for every blanket, pillow, bag of pretzels or earphones to a robotic flight attendant who clearly just wants to get home like the rest of us. So much for the \"human\" airline."
"Verified Review | JetBlue does not know what customer service means and this was my first and last flight on this airline. On this flight, I was checking in my luggage and I waited for 10 minutes at the drop-your-bag line. I had already checked-in online but I did not have a printed boarding pass. When I arrived at the counter a rude attendant (supervisor) told me I was in the wrong line. He rudely told me that I had to go the end of the main check in line even though I had already checked-in online. I explained to him that I had already waited 10 minutes and pleaded to accommodate me at the drop-your-bag line but he told me it didn't matter and he directed me to go the end of the main line. I refused to go and I asked to speak to the manager. The manager arrived and also rudely told me to do the same thing: to go to the end of the main line. I travel on business regularly and have not been treated by such rude attendants as JetBlue. I was concerned I would miss my flight but the attendants just flippantly said that if I miss the flight I would have to get on a later flight. Fortunately, I purchased the TSA pre-check which expedited my pass through the security gate. I'm very disappointed with this experience and will never fly JetBlue ever again."
"Verified Review | Washington Dulles to New York JFK with Jetblue. This was probably one of the worst experiences I had in over 20 years of regular flying. From the beginning till the very end. We experienced a delay due to weather conditions. However, the ground staff was not helpful at all. A lot of us had connecting flights, and we asked that they contact the airlines we were flying with to check the status. They refused. We asked that they give us the telephone numbers of the airline so that we, the passengers, can contact them. They refused. And as the wifi was not working in the terminal, it was difficult to get the numbers. We got it, despite the refusal of the JetBlue staff. We asked to be rerouted to other airlines who were taking off. They refused. We had over 6 hours delay, and as they refused to contact the connecting international airlines, we missed (9 of us) the connection by few minutes. And then, the real nightmare started. In JFK, they were incapable of locating our luggage. It took them hours to tell us that finally, they can't locate it and we need to come back the next day. As there were no seats available on my connecting flight for few days, I needed to get my luggage. And when we were trying to rebook, the people standing at the counters would not take us, as 'they had to be free for first class passengers, in case they came, so they could not serve us'. For a low cost airline, this sounds like a joke. The result was a long queue before one of the counter, and at the other, the woman starring and not accepting any passenger. After 6:30 hours delay and additional 3 hours of trying to figure out what to do, this was a particularly bad experience. The next day, they were incapable of saying where the luggage is. I lost the whole day until I finally got my luggage. I heard all type of excuses: as my luggage was initially checked through to the final destination, it was difficult to locate it (do they know how t use bar codes?), or it was not clear where the luggage was, etc. I finally got my luggage thanks to the assistance from the other airline, who tried to help, as JetBlue was incapable. But they clearly said that this was a JetBlue problem. I also asked JetBlue to give me a confirmation about the delay, so that my insurance can assist me. They refused. They said that my insurance (from Europe) had to call the 0800 number to get a confirmation. But they are not providing a confirmation. I spoke to not less than 4 different people, including the one claiming to be the supervisor, they refused. Throughout the whole nightmare, the one thing that they kept saying consistently was 'I cannot', 'I don't know', 'It is not JetBlue's problem', 'it is not possible'. There was no customer service, no desire to help, no desire to find a solution whatsoever, from pretty much everybody working at this company. The result of all this is: I will never ever fly with JetBlue. They are the worst airline I've used, and the one flight with them will be the very last."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Boston with Jetblue. Broken seat back; cushion hard as a rock - I couldn't be more uncomfortable! Stewardess seems to find my discomfort amusing. Two hour delay taking off because JetBlue doesn't know how to allot for luggage weight. I will never voluntarily fly them again, no matter how much more I have to pay to avoid them."
"Verified Review | On the evening of April 3, I received a notification from JetBlue that the next day's 8.40am flight out of Boston’s Logan Airport had been canceled, 12+ hours in advance. This was perplexing, as I happened to be leaving Boston at the same time as friends flying different airlines — none of their flights were canceled. When I called customer service, I was told that the cancellation was due to weather, and that 'all the other airlines would be canceling their flights in the morning' as well. I was initially told that my only option was to take the next JetBlue flight out of Boston at approx. 1.30pm. I was then told that flight was full, my remaining option was to take a Wednesday flight, staying two additional nights in Boston at my own expense. I asked to be rebooked on another airline, and was told I would have to rebook it myself. I was offered a refund, which the representative later clarified would be only a half refund. I rebooked with American for a flight leaving at 8.00am, a mere 40 minutes ahead of my original JetBlue flight. Surprise, surprise, it left perfectly on time. Unfortunately, my new one-way ticket cost more than my original roundtrip with JetBlue. In situations such as this, JetBlue is unable to provide a comparable level of service as other airlines. They have a practice of preemptively canceling flights, especially those flights which are not full in an effort to control *potential* delays in other parts of the country. If I hadn’t had access to internet in order to rebook immediately, I would likely still be in Boston. It I hadn’t had the available funds to rebook at my own expense, I would still be in Boston without any place to stay. I must add however, that since returning home Jetblue has offered to reimburse me for the entirety of the rebooked ticket."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Seattle, and how the mighty have fallen. JetBlue used to me my airline of choice. The planes were clean, the service was great;, the food/snacks were good. On transcontinental. flights there was a good film selection. There was an air of humor and intelligence to the way the material for passengers was written. The plane I and my husband just flew on was dingy. The staff was trying hard, but they seemed to be struggling with their own problems. The food was terrible; no complimentary food for premium economy. And the film selection was dreadful. Really, the tedium of a long flight demands distraction. What a miserable experience. We will not use JetBlue again unless there is absolutely no other option and the trip is necessary."
"JetBlue Airways is the worst company in the airline industry. My flight to Long Beach was cancelled early this morning, no explanation given. My option for a replacement flight is in 2 days - a 3:00am flight into a different airport an hour away from my original destination. In order to salvage my family's spring break vacation (my children's Easter gift) in Long Beach, I offered to drive the 12-15 hours today from Salt Lake to Long Beach if they could comp or reduce my original return flight home in order to help cover the costs of a rental car and drop fee I'd have to pay, not to mention we would lose a day of our our vacation by driving. No dice! They offered no solutions to essentially killing my family's vacation. They were unreasonable in helping me to rectify the problem and unsympathetic to non-refundable hotel costs their screw-up has cost me. I have never experienced worse customer service than I did today from JetBlue. I will never book a flight with them again. I am beyond disappointed and aggravated with such unprofessional and ineffective customer service. I will never fly JetBlue again and regret booking my vacation flights with them."
"Verified Review | For a five hour flight from New York JFK to San Francisco, you'd imagine JetBlue would stock up on food supplies. But no. When our family of five tried to order something to eat we were told it was \"all gone.\" Over three hours to go and no food for our kids? And the flight attendant's solution was that he actually said we should've brought our own food with us. Hello - when did airlines give up on service? Obviously, JetBlue cannot cater to families."
"JetBlue used to be a great airline 5-10 years ago but now they should be avoided. JetBlue requires you to pay for your first checked bag and even more for the second bag. I kept my bag below 50 pounds, had accepted dimensions, and they still charged me an extra $50 each way because it was traveling with unaccepted sports equipment. As I am writing this they have announced that the plane needs maintenance and there will be a delay. This has become a regular occurrence for this airline. I fly jetblue very often and their quality deterioration over the years is pathetic."
"Baltimore Washington (BWI) to Boston Logan. We flew Jetblue because we wanted to see how it compared with other airlines like Southwest. Jetblue is known for higher quality service so I was expecting a good experience. Not so. The flight itself was ok, with great legroom and seats. On the way up, the weather was horrible in Boston so we were stuck in Baltimore for six hours. Lunch vouchers of 10 dollars were distributed along with snacks. I don't blame them for the delay totally, but it did contribute to my attitude towards Jetblue on the return flight. The flight up was cold even though it was winter. They decided that AC was a good idea during winter. \"Great idea\". Snacks were good though. On the return flight, we were scheduled for a nice afternoon/evening flight, but Jetblue decided to take our plane away from us, fly it to JFK for another flight which they thought was more important than ours, and left us sitting in the terminal for 3-4 more hours. What a bad experience. We met and chatted with some people to pass time which was entertaining but did not compensate for the time lost. We got home at 11:30 p.m. when we were supposed to get home at 7 or so. What was even worse was that the plane was even colder than the last flight. Also, the \"express\" service was offered so we got cold drinks in a cold plane with a small snack. Great job Jetblue. You are not at the top of my list of airlines I should fly in the future."
"Phoenix to New York JFK with JetBlue Airways. They made me pay a ridiculous amount of $100 for overweight and another $60 for an extra piece of luggage that was medium size. The funny thing is they somehow sent my bag that I paid extra for to Boston so I waited for my luggage for hours until they informed me that they would ship it to me. I was told I would get some sort of compensation but I registered on the website to check and I got nothing. Very disappointing, but at least they didn't leave my suitcase a complete mess. The flight itself was ok. If it weren't for the luggage issue I'd probably have more positive things to say but I feel like I got royally screwed over. What's important for them is that they got their money, and that's how the rich get richer and the poor get poorer."
"Bob Hope, Burbank to Raleigh-Durham, via New York JFK . JetBlue Airways agents displayed a lack of care when my second flight was cancelled last minute. The agents at my initial departure location told me that it was due to a winter storm hitting New York City. They also told me that my flight had been rescheduled for two days later, which was a surprise to me as they never sent any sort of notification. I demanded that I be flown out on the day of initial schedule and they rerouted me through a different flight from JFK. When I arrived to JFK and spoke with an agent next to the gate where my original second flight was to depart, I asked to be put on the next flight to Raleigh. They said that it was full and nothing was available. I asked why my initial flight had been cancelled and the agent told me that she didn't know. I looked at the schedule board and my flight was one of three flights cancelled for the morning. However, I was told in Burbank that nearly all flights out of JFK for all airlines were cancelled due to inclement weather. The communication with and at this airline is terrible. They failed to inform me in a timely manner on why my flight was cancelled and for what reason. When I pay a company substantial funds, I expect a quality product in return. That is something that I did not receive from JetBlue. Also, the floor of the aircraft had trash on it when I boarded in Burbank and the left arm of my seat with the built in remote control was falling apart. This was my first and last flight experience with JetBlue."
"Chicago to New York with jetBlue. I waited 37 minutes on hold to get a hold of a rep on their 1-800 number and my cell died. I got to a land line and as I type this I've been waiting 47 minutes. This is unacceptable. What a disgusting horrid way to treat people but I guess JetBlue doesn't care about their customer service."
"Raleigh–Durham to New York JFK. I have never had a worse experience with flying. On the way to JFK, our flight was delayed 3+ hours and on the way home our flight was canceled and delayed 24 hours. It's not the delays and the cancellations that were the rub though, it was the customer service throughout the complications. Never spoke to ruder employees who could not care less about customer inconvenience. I even spoke to a supervisor at one point and was left more angry than before I did. I usually fly Delta or American, but was looking to save a few bucks with JetBlue, but discovered the hard way that when it comes down to it, those few bucks are not worth the pain, aggravation and frustration of dealing with a discount airlines customer service department. They really just don't care about making you a happy, loyal customer."
"The first time I fly Jetblue; I decided to give it a try because of the landing airport (IAD) and the scheduled time, a late night departure with still plenty of time for me to connect on an international overnight flight on a different airline. I have to recognize that flight attendants are helpful, attentive and approachable; captain made at least four announcements during taxi and in flight regarding ETA. Entertainment on the plane also was great and provided plenty of options even for a flight this short. It is a pity that the superb service on the plane did little to offset my initial impression after security check and before boarding. The flight arrived into IAD just in time for me to run from opposite ends in IAD terminals to catch an overnight connecting flight, luckily I had only a carry on and no terminal change was required. The thing is I left with the impression that the airline did little to expedite our boarding process (could have anticipated boarding for 15 or so minutes at least), showing no care for its passengers time gate. It is a shame to have a superb service on board paired with a negative experience in the airline's main hub."
"Jetblue Airways from Albuquerque to New York JFK return. The cabin crew and flight crews excellent, and on both legs they went out of their way to make a long cramped flight as comfortable as they could. There is scant service on board. Complimentary snacks and soft drinks, if you want anything stronger, you have to pay. The interiors of the aircraft were old and tired looking, the seats were hard and rigid with the smallest of recline, even in “Extra Space”, an interior upgrade would be good. Paying $20.00 for a checked bag seems somewhat counterproductive. At the gate the ground crew was asking people to check bags in for free because the fights were full. Wouldn’t it be better to encourage everyone to check their bags for free in the first place and not penalize those of us who try to do the right thing by checking our bags? The long uncomfortable flights were made more acceptable with the seat back screens and satellite TV and free Wi-Fi. Apart from JetBlue’s excellent crews, these made the flights a lot better."
"Have been sitting in the Buffalo airport since 6:30pm for a 9pm flight. This flight is only an hour in duration. Currently it is 11pm and they have been slowly pushing the departure time back half an hour at a time. Now it is schedule for 11:30pm departure, it will probably be pushed back again and then cancelled altogether because clearly they have nothing better to do then waste all of our time. Not a single announcement has been made about the flight status. The JetBlue personnel are standing around gossiping and laughing. We have to regularly check the monitor for flight updates. The ticketing agent who checked us in said and I quote \"don't go too far from the gate, the status might change in an instant and they will leave without you.\" Called JetBlue, the CSR told me it was due to air traffic control reasons. Fantastic start to my vacation so far."
"Cleveland to Ft Lauderdale with Jetblue. Good airplane and nice seats. The flight attendants were rude to passengers that were a few minutes late and complained like children. It was embarrassing for the airline. I was very impressed with everything else. They told us over the PA to clap for the late passengers to embarrass them. Childish. It's a shame that they were so rude."
"This is a low cost airline who I thought were a little different from the rest, unfortunately not. I wanted to change a flight and instead of charging me the current difference in price they wanted to look back at the price I paid for the fare and the price now. If they said we will charge you the difference in airfare at the time of booking then fine, but they wanted to charge the difference of a fare booked weeks in advance, hence cheaper, and the cost of the new flight which departed in 24 hours. The flight I was booked on was exactly the same cost as the one I wanted to change to, but these cowboys wanted to basically steal money from me to get something that was of exactly the same value. Small airline generally stay just that, because they haven't the foresight or sense of customer satisfaction the market leaders have. When I asked to be put through to their customer service department I was told the person I was speaking to was it! Rude abrupt and totally devoid of any sense of what is right and unwilling to help. All I got was \"it is in the terms and conditions\" which very few of us read but do expect like all good companies are reasonable and fair."
"The flight from New York to Las Vegas was fine. Nothing special, but nothing horrible. My real problem with Jetblue was regarding my flight home. I had a flight booked from Las Vegas back to New York on a Sunday night at 9:15 pm. At around 6:00 pm, on that Sunday, I received an email not from Jetblue but from expedia, the site I used to book the flight. The email said that Jetblue had made changes to my flight, without even notifying me themselves! I was told by expedia to call them right away, and was told that my flight was canceled. Expedia tried to get me on another flight that night, Expedia not the airline of which I was a customer! Expedia informed me that Jetblue had no other fights that night, and I would have to fly out in the afternoon the next day. I could not do that, I had no money to spend on another hotel stay for the night, I was already checked out of my previous hotel, and ready to go home. I thought in the least, Jetblue would accommodate me with a free hotel stay for the night, but they were not accommodating in any way whatsoever. They did not reassure me that they would at least try to get me back on another flight that night, no hotel stay, nothing! Luckily, some friends I was with managed to get us a flight that night on Virgin America. But Jetblue had no compassion, were completely uncaring towards me, and my two other friends who were on that same canceled flight. I was told with much attitude, to calm down over the phone multiple times. They were also completely useless when my parents called them from New York, trying to fix my situation. That is no way to treat a customer. I am never flying with Jetblue again."
"I wasted a trip to New York. I booked Jetblue Airways flight from Orlando to New York, as I thought they were good. The delays totally wasted this trip to New York, and I will never fly with Jetblue again."
"Terrible customer service with Jetblue Airways. I purposely selected a return flight on a specific day. However, the reservations somehow were changed to the day after. The two flights were identical in price, time, and airport. At first we attempted to change the flight. Ignoring the $90 fee, they wanted to charge an extra $270 per flight, though the flights are the same price, currently and when we booked them. Their website states we will \"honor the lower fare\". This is a lie. We then tried to fly stand by but they would not allow this either. The flight was not full either and it is highly unlikely to fill many seats the day of the flight. All I can say is that they have lost a customer for life."
"Normally I'm a big Jetblue supporter however my last trip really shows me how much the customer service quality has dropped. It was once a pleasure to fly with them now like most other airlines it had gone back to becoming a terrible experience. Although my bag fit in the designated carry on box they specified, they refused to let me carry it on and forced me to pay for a checked bag. This after my flight being canceled the previous day and forcing to rearrange my schedule. Above all else it was the lack of customer service or any polite attitude to a loyal customer."
"We bought 2 Jetblue tickets from Seattle to New York. We did the online check-in 23h before the departure and our assigned places in the aircraft were 22E for my husband and 24B for me (BOTH in the middle). Even though we bought the tickets together and we were assigned 2 rows apart, we thought we could handle this situation at the airport, as we did before with other airlines. We arrived at the airport and went to the check-in counter to speak with someone. The lady there told us that there is nothing to do if we don't upgrade our seats for an 80$ fee as it looks like we bought the last two tickets and these were the last two places. When we arrived to the gate the gentleman there said \"please come here if you don't have a seat assigned on your ticket in order to give you one\". And that was the moment I realized we were fooled by this company. We went there and asked, how can we have bought the last 2 tickets in this aircraft and have the last two spots in the middle if there are people with no seat assigned? And he just told me “I said you can upgrade for 80$, if you don’t just have a nice trip, bye”. They were rude and impolite, they didn’t solve our problem and it was clear that they have a software that automatically assigns you and your partner far apart just to upgrade and pay more money. None of us was assigned at the window or the aisle because it’s harder to switch places in the aircraft with someone if you are assigned in the middle (if one of us would have had aisle or window seat would have been much easier). Overall, we were very disappointed and angry because they don’t have the desire to help you. (Even the tablets inside the aircraft have a swipe slot, to be able to pay if you want to use them.)"
"After asking the customer service agent at the gate why we were delayed, he responded rudely and treated me as I was stupid for not hearing a pilot announcement. I was sitting by the gate the whole time and didn't hear an announcement. From there I went to customer service to see what the deal was, as well as let them know that the man at the gate was not friendly at all. The service agent was friendly and gave dinner vouchers for the inconvenience. I was thankful. When I boarded - after the flight was delayed twice - there wasn't room on the plane for my computer bag. The flight attendant told me I would have to check it. After I suggested that we see if people can put a small bag under the seat in front of them, he responded saying that my bag would be checked, in a rude fashion. He said he didn't have to deal with me and called security. Not only is that not called for as I was no threat to anyone, but embarrassing. The security guard came down and even told the flight attendant that everything seemed fine. The flight attendant got the pilot and told him he didn't want me on the plane. I am currently sleeping at the airport and can't get home until tomorrow now. I am upset and embarrassed and the show the flight attendant put on. I was frustrated about the delay and bag situation, but certainly was not any kind of threat. The security guard have me a cot to sleep on. He was very nice. As I am writing, I am sleepless in NYC feeling violated and disappointed in the way humans treat other humans. It's not okay to treat other people this way."
"So everything was fine for our 11:00pm Jetblue Airways departure to Fort Lauderdale. The inbound plane arrived a little late and we saw the ground crew (who was also the ticket counter crew) scurrying around. At 11:00 p.m. one of the staff announced something (in Spanish) and you could hear some people groan. Fortunately there was a bi-lingual person near us who said, \"They just cancelled the flight.\" With that Jetblue announced the flight was cancelled (at 11:30 pm) and all passengers on our flight were to proceed to Gate XYZ, so we did. Once there the non-English speaking staff asked for our passports and wisked them away. An hour later they were returned to us (haphazardly) and we were told to stand in line for buses (no explanation given) but found out we were to be taken to Baggage Claim to get our luggage. We did and got our bags. Then we lined up again (not knowing what for) to get on buses to take us to a hotel. It was now 2:00 am so we complied. We got to the hotel and waited in line again to get a room. We were told we would be taken to the airport at 1:30 to board our flight. After an awesome breakfast (not kidding) we were told we would be taken to the airport at 8:30. Then we got an email saying we were booked on the 11:00 pm flight. But leaving at 8:30 wouldn't be enough time. We called our travel agent, who advised us to just go to the airport and demand to leave. We did and Jetblue got us out. Came to find out the flight we were supposed to be on didn't leave until 6:30 the following morning! Jetblue gave us credits, etc but if they are going to introduce new destination they have to staff the counters with competent staff who can communicate effectively with the passengers. In the future we will never travel with Jetblue to a destination that is new to them. Just not worth the risk."
"There is only one direct flight that works for traveling on Friday evenings and it's the 8.10pm flight out of Fort Lauderdale. I usually fly first class US Airways around 7.30pm, but because this is a direct flight and gets me home much earlier, I've been attempting to use it. Key word: attempting. I've had three weddings to attend in Pittsburgh the past two weekends, one now and two in the previous weeks, for the third week in a row, my flight is delayed. Not due to weather, not due to mechanics, \"just because\" the woman at the counter said. It's not delayed just by a little bit, we're talking hours. When I schedule a specific time to fly, I expect to fly on time and if something comes up where the flight won't be on time, I expect to be informed and to be given alternative options. Not once have I received an email, a phone call, a text or even an apology. Unfortunately, for the third week in a row, JetBlue has failed to value my business and my time. I will get the \"lovely\" privilege of spending just a little over 24 hours in my home state, miss my business meeting that was scheduled for tonight. Not worth my money and especially not worth my time."
"I am mostly writing this review for the ground service and checking in our bags. Disclaimer however, we were traveling with firearms but even still, it took an absurd amount of time. We waited in line for about 30 minutes wondering what was taking so long but as soon as we got to the counter we figured out why, all the agents were in training with the supervisor skipping from one to the other. We had to first check our firearms and it was clear that the attendent didn't know the slightest about the procedure as he asked the manager after every time he clicked the screen. I had been through the process before I had it prepped but I still had to open and close the case multiple times. Then after deciding it was oversize, we were charged 135$ for the one bag just for being oversize and a second bag. Overall I would not fly Jetblue again, due to incompetent staff and ridiculous fees."
"Unable to handle problems, our flight was delayed, then cancelled. Staff not able to communicate clearly. Any problems and this airline falls apart. Had to wait until next day to fly out."
"My Jetblue flight was canceled 2 hourse before departure. They rescheduled me on a flight 7 hours later, and I found a flight on another airline. The return was on Jetblue. When I went online to select a seat, I was presented with a grand total of 0 seats from which to chose without paying the upgrade fee. How could there be 0 seats when I don't have one? Next flight planned a couple of weeks in advance. Go online to pick a seat - 0 seats available! I don't get a seat until I get to the airport - last row, middle seat. On the return leg, I go online again and zip. So I call customer service. After 10 minutes on hold, I explain and am told that it's because I got on the site late. Well, it's not a problem, you'll get a seat. Sure I will, last row, middle, perhaps? After a few minutes of snarky attitude I ask for a supervisor. Literally 25 minutes later I hung up without ever speaking to a supervisor."
"Our flight was delayed because of a mechanical error and I was okay until they suggested my family of 4 go on a flight the next day. It was our first vacation in 3 years, and my dad saved up 3 years worth of vacation days for this trip. They offered to give us Jetblue vouchers. Period. Our hotel, rental car, and vacation plan fees were thrown down the toilet, and they only offered vouchers. Like I'll ever ride on Jetblue again. Also, they acted like they were doing a huge favor by saying our delayed flight was paid by them. We didn't get a refund so we just paid for a later flight. This infuriated me and I tried to explain that it wasn't free for us, and the woman from Jetblue kept saying it was paid by them. So I asked if I could get a refund for the original flight and they said no. I was so mad but couldn't cancel because of the fees for hotel, car, food, and other reservations weren't refundable. It was just an overall horrible experience and ended up in two of us in tears."
"Comically mismanaged operation. Problems began when the departure gate was mobbed- seems an earlier flight had 'technical problems', so it departed an hour late at my original gate. We were then redirected to an alternate gate, and waited. And waited. And waited. They now had us waiting on the plane with 'technical problems' and they basically had the other flight go out with our intended jet, and we were stuck. It took text message from my daughter thousands of miles away to inform me the flight was finally cancelled. Not one word from JetBlue staff at the boarding gate. Finally, 2 hours after scheduled departure, they announced baggage was at the carousel, and \"being monitored by JetBlue associates\" I went down to claim my bag - no JetBlue staff in sight. I quickly went to ticketing, got an apology and refund from the embarrassed support staff, and proceeded to Southwest, where I ended up having to pay +$500 more for their next direct flight with a confirmed seat. I understand this is a mechanical industry and there will be problems, but it's how an airline manages the problem that is a mark of their business integrity and customer focus. How a major airline doesn't keep a backup vessel on site is mind boggling to me, let alone the abject lack of communication to the paying customer."
"It was the first time my children had flown, so I wanted it to be good. From the beginning, JetBlue kept me happy. I had TSA precheck when we arrived, and I didn't ask for it. When we boarded the plane, we boarded first because we had a small child. There was no extra charge for this. Our flight took off 20 min early so we arrived early. During the flight, we were quickly offered snacks and a drink. The attendant came around selling ear buds for $5 to use with the TV at each seat. Having your own TV made the flight enjoyable. At the end of the flight, deplaning was just as pleasant. The price was also better than anyone else, and there were no problems with my luggage. One more thing-my very picky husband who is 6'3\" had plenty of legroom. We did not upgrade to even more space, but he still had plenty of legroom and was very comfortable in a normal seat!"
"It started out good with complimentary baggage check, drink, and a snack; however on the return flight things quickly changed to bad. Beware of cheap flights - you pay for what you get! Flight delayed an hour, then sat for 2 hours due to mechanical reasons. This company is not considerate of customers or handicap customers and worst they do not partner with domestic airlines - only international airlines therefore if you miss your flight you are out of luck until the next one. The best you are getting is a food voucher."
"On a flight back to Detroit Metro Airport from Boston Logan, May 28, 2015. First, while we waited to board the flight, the woman at counter announced: \"We are having trouble locating our flight crew, sorry for the delay\" (about 15 min. at this time). Another 10 min. goes by and she announces: \"We know our crew is here somewhere because they flew in, we hope it is just a few more min.\" The third time she said \"we have located our crew and it should only be about 10-15 more min. until boarding.\" We finally board the plane and we never hear from our captain until \"prepare for landing.\" I have never been on a flight that I didn't hear from the captain before, during, and just before landing."
"Flight(s) from CHS to DCA and back. Not allowed to select seat assignment when checking in online evening before flights (unless paying for premium seats) poor attitude from airline staff at DCA when I expressed frustration. While speaking with an agent another interrupted the conversation offering his unsolicited opinion. Funny seated dead last group 3 in last available seat. Coincidence? Please note staff at CHS very kind."
"I travel a fair amount (7-10 trips a year for biz and pleasure). I am fine with zero amenties for short hauls but I am sorry Boston - San Diego is a long flight. I paid $90 extra for leg room and was still jammed in like a sardine. There was nothing to eat except junk food (salt or sugar) or a cardboard sandwich for purchase. No free wine or beer. If I wanted a cheap blanket and pillow for the red-eye home I had to BUY it (and then had to own it) - I traveled to this business meeting with one carry on - what am I supposed to do with my new jetblue bedding? Talk about a throwaway anti-environmental business model. I had to pay for TV if I wanted it - only good thing is free wifi. I paid over $900 for the ticket. Jet Blue should not treat their transcontinental flyers like this. I would not recommend JB to anyone taking a trip longer than 90 minutes and I would only use them again if I could find no other carrier going to the destination."
"I recently traveled round trip from Boston to Orlando. I traveled out of Boston on September 14 2014 and we were about 20 minutes delayed leaving Boston due to the late arrival of the inbound flight. I have to say it was a great flight and the pilot made up time arriving in Orlando for an on-time arrival the crew were great plenty of legroom plenty of drinks and snacks. The overall flight to Orlando was excellent. Coming home to Boston yesterday was a different story the male flight attendant on the Orlando-Boston route was extremely rude. No smile as we boarded the aircraft no hello to the passengers just miserable. I traveled with 2 friends on board the flight and the tray table was defective and the soda went all over my friends pants. I went to ask this flight attendant for some paper towels and he rudely said get back to your seat because there was turbulence. I understand the safety protocols when it comes to turbulence but at least take initiative to the passengers requests. There was no apology from him for this defective tray table. A female flight attendant who was so nice came to our aid."
"We arrived at the airport before 2pm - our flight was at 9.45 pm. Usually when you arrive so far in advance JetBlue try to accommodate you on an earlier flight with no charge. We had the chance to take the flight at 2.40pm JetBlue had space on that flight but they wanted to charge $50 per person (group of 4) instead they put us on stand by for 7 hours. I travel a lot because of my business and I have never had this issue with other airlines."
"I'm writing about JetBlue's check-in operations at Fort Lauderdale airport. Apparently they have grown their operations there with insufficient and / or unmotivated staff. Trying to check in a bag for a recent flight to JFK took 45 minutes finally being called out of the line and being told \"you are too late\". All this while the lines got longer and their staff stood around chatting. Out of 13 desks 6 were open while I counted at least 9 JetBlue staff hanging around doing nothing except chat. Finally got to the gate only for their personnel there not having a clue about getting passengers onboard in a logical order. They need to up their game at FLL or this passenger will be using another carrier next time. On board service was good friendly and helpful which did mitigate some of the bad feeling about the FLL ground experience."
"First time I've flown with JetBlue and very unimpressed. Plane over one hour late slow boarding slow off- boarding poor service waited ages for luggage. Only good point is the legroom in coach class."
"Aug 17 New York (JFK) to Orlando Intl (MCO) Flight 883. First time I've flown with JetBlue and it was not a pleasant experience. Told the flight delayed 15 minutes then another 15 minutes and so on. The plane was at the wrong terminal and took them over an hour to get it to the right gate! Boarding process was a farce very slow. 'Snack' was a packet of Doritos served by miserable cabin crew. De-boarding also very slow and then waited ages for our luggage. Only good points were that we got there in one piece and they have good leg room."
"Terrible airline! I fly often with other airlines usually Southwest. I've never waited so long to get my luggage 45 minutes one way and 50 on way home! That's after my flight was delayed by almost an hour waiting on a flight crew! Fly someone else if at all possible!"
"I've flown Jetblue twice the first one was a good experience with no delays snacks beverages and nice crew. The second one was terrible: our flight JFK-FLL was at 6am and we got to the airport at 1am the screens showed that our flight was cancelled and we waited until 3.30am to receive any attention from JetBlue staff. They said that we would need to wait until tomorrow for another flight or we would need to go to LaGuardia Airport to take another flight in 2 hours offered no accommodation transportation to LGA or vouchers. We had to take a taxi from JFK to LGA. Fortunately we got our flight on time from LGA to FLL but we are really disappointed with this drawback. I think this is the last time we will fly Jetblue."
"Used to love JetBlue but my last trip a couple of days ago changed my perception. The plane seemed to be old and in a poor condition. Basically none of the“creature comforts” worked. We had 2 seats. The seat back on the 1st seat was broken and would not stay in the upright position. The video screen on the 2nd seat worked but the screen itself would not stay put. The reading lights did not work on either of the seats significant on a late-night flight. The plug for the audio on the 1st seat only worked occasionally. There were plenty of open rows of seats but they all required us to pay extra so we could not be moved to those seats. Otherwise our only option was to move from an aisle and middle seat to a window and middle seat. It was a long flight (JFK to SFO) and we get up and walk around every hour or so and just did not want to impose on another (probably sleeping) passenger that frequently so declined this option. Bottom line is that while the legroom was great and the people were friendly the seats were uncomfortable and plane appeared to be old and in disrepair. Certainly not worth the extra money that we used to be willing to pay to be a passenger on a JetBlue plane rather than on a competitors plane."
"1st June from LAX to JFK. Cabin crew were really unfriendly. They didn't smile at all and I was under the impression that they felt that we were a burden (the passengers). I have traveled extensively and on many airlines. I have to say this is the first time I have felt uncomfortable on a flight- even to the point that I was reluctant to ask for anything from the cabin crew."
"My flight was cancelled to NYC where I was supposed to have a 3 hour lay-over before catching an international flight to London. 2 hours before flight time JetBlue cancelled my flight and rebooked me on a flight the next day. I spent over 1 hour on the phone with them mainly on hold while they were supposed to figure out how I could get from Rochester NY down to JFK in time for my flight. After over an hour's wait a supervisor got back to me and said - sorry nothing we can do - flight is canceled due to weather. I asked where was the weather problem. As she was saying that there is a lot of rain in NYC I was looking at the weather.com report that reported partly sunny skies at JFK. Because of the weather excuse I cannot get compensation from my travel insurance. I have lost a day of vacation will be late for a family wedding and have had to pay a hefty fee to rebook my flight overseas. Thanks a lot Jet Blue."
"I have not even boarded the plane yet and am already not happy with the airline. Tavelling as a couple I tried to do an online checkin to secure seats next to each other. Online checkin not available. Please see the agent at the airport. I went to Seattle airport 10 hours before the flight to ensure that we could get adjacent seats and was assured by agent at the check in counter we were sitting next to each other. After receiving our boarding passes I noticed that we were in different rows and brought this to the agents attention. Suddenly the only way to get adjacent seats were to upgrade or check at the gate. At the gate it was the same story: Yes we can get you adjacent seats for a small fee of $80 per person. What a scam. Next time I'll try hitchhiking to New York if the only other option is Jet Blue."
"This was my first and last time on JetBlue. I received a text stating my flight home from JFK-ORD was cancelled. No explanation. No help from JetBlue. Could not get through to them. An email said they were working on rescheduling but that was the last I heard. I suspect that the flight was empty on a Saturday night and they simply chose not to fly the plane. Cost $600+ to get home on AA where I found the flight crew so much more polished and professional than JB. I will never fly JB again."
"I've been flying back and forth with JetBlue for the past 6 years. I fly once every other month. At first I was so satisfied with the service that I have never flown with any other airline. But lately the past year especially the service has gone downhill. The staff used to be so friendly and always smiling. My last Flight was in December my TV was not working when I informed the flight attendant I got nothing but attitude and her answer was \"I don't know what to tell you.\" After six years of using them that was my last and final time."
"Newark NJ to Ft Lauderdale FL on the way to Costa Rica March 30th. Transfer flight was cancelled after a few delays. Instead of rushing to find people ways of getting to their destination staff promptly resorted to \"save face\" mode claiming it was not the fault of the airline. On top of that false claim they refused to help reschedule a flight if it involved a different airline. Therefore our party of 3 will have to pay extra to get a decent company to help us reach our destination. Last time I deal with this airline."
"I flew out of Hartford on December 10th. I told the flight attendant my TV was not working and my daughters audio was not working. There were other passengers on that flight having the same problem. They had to reset the system but it didn't help. The seats available to move to were not offered because they were extra room seats. It made for a long trip. It's just sad you pay so much money for this flight and you don't get full service."
"FLL-JFK on Jan 6th 2014. Flight scheduled at 7.13 am arrived as FLL Jetblue Terminal at 6am as we had luggage to check-in. The terminal was packed but check-in worked fine. At 7am we were informed by the display at the gate that the flight was delayed 1 hour therefore departing at 8.13am. At 8.30am still no news and no aircraft. At 9am our aircraft shows up at the gate and the announcement said that in a matter of few minutes time to clean up the aircraft boarding would have started. At 9.30 informed that there's no captain to fly the aircraft. At 10.30 a captain shows up. Boarding in 15 minutes is announced once again. At 11am our captain walks out of the aircraft. At 11.30 announcement says that a new captain was on his way. At 11.45 the newly found captain shows up. At 12.00 boarding actually starts and we finally took off at 12.30 with 5 hours + 17 minutes delay. During the flight the pilot explained that jetblue had a major operation challenges that morning."
"If you're traveling with children don't pick this airline. We flew 5.5 hours to New York and not one not two but all three of the TVs provided for our kids didn't work. You can imagine our flight experience. What was Jet Blue willing to do for this? A $15 credit only if we fly on Jet Blue again and only if we pay for another flight with them within the next year! So for our inconvenience we get to book and pay for another flight with them! Oh and they refused to allow the credit to be used on the flight for the trip home!"
"Flight from SJU to DCA on Dec 1 was delayed 2.5 hours without explanation or apology. Conflicting flight information on departure boards and unhelpful announcements from ground staff."
"Orlando for business - trip generally fine - my complaint specifically regards handling of baggage policies and staff lack of freedom to solve lost baggage problems - checked 1 piece of luggage 28 minutes before the flight 2 mins too late - it was not loaded on my flight - didn't find out until arrival and going to baggage service - told it would be on next flight 1 am - but JetBlue staff hands are tied. Customer has to return to the Airport to pick up their luggage or make arrangements on their own to have it shipped - JetBlue baggage service called 7am to tell me to pick up my luggage - finally agreed to send with 3rd party service for cash fee $30 - It arrived after 4 pm so I attended my business meetings in dirty travel clothing - JetBlue has got to figure out a better way - I would rather pay upfront for luggage service than get free and no respect."
"I took JetBlue twice within the last 10 days. The first from Chicago to Boston the plane left more than an hour late than scheduled due to machinery problems and midway during the flight it was revealed to us that we were landing in Buffalo NY because the problems apparently had not been fixed. I ended up getting home more than 5 hours later than scheduled that night. I was issued a travel bank credit so I used this to take another JetBlue flight from LA to Boston a few days later thinking that the same thing probably cannot happen again. Apparently I was wrong. The flight was late again for another hour due to machinery problems. While we were waiting on the tarmac I asked my husband to ask for a blanket as it felt a bit cold and the flight attendant wanted to charge us $5 for the blanket. I can't help but think that: you've wasted a total of 5-10 hours of our time in the past few days and you're asking us for $5? This is the last time I will take JetBlue unless they are significantly cheaper or have a much more convenient time than other options (Which I don't think they do)."
"The one thing I can say that I liked about this airline was the cheap flight. Unfortunately that is the only positive part of my entire flight from Boston to Phoenix. The seats were so uncomfortable and the flight attendants were rude. When I asked if the movie would start over if I bought a head seat she looked at me like I was stupid and said no. The other flight attendant that was with her glared at me and looked at my seat number like I was going to cause problems for them when my friend asked what was the point of handing out the headsets after the movie already started. I haven't been on a flight in quite some time but I remember it being a pleasant time when customers were treated with respect. I felt like I was an inconvenience to this airline and I will never fly with JetBlue again."
"9th August Flight 2579 Boston to Newark 3.44 departure. Delayed due to weather and finally mechanical problems in cockpit. Left eventually at 8.37 arriving Newark 21.27. Missed my transatlantic connection. Stranded at airport overnight. JetBlue rep stated it wasn't his problem and he was going home despite my polite requests. Result was they paid for my overnight hotel grudgingly. Never flying with them again."
"I have been a frequent flyer on JetBlue and lately I have been thoroughly displeased with them. I haven't been on a flight of theirs that actually took off at its scheduled departure in the past year or so. There are constant delays with the excuse that it's due to \"weather\" issues when I know there are no bad weather patterns from where I am to where I'm going. They use it as an excuse so that they don't have to pay the customers any money for retribution. Then once on my flight they are in a hurry to only offer the limited free menu items. We are not offered any drinks or complimentary snacks besides peanuts and soda. Flight attendants are also in a rush for people to get off their cell phones and become rude. This past flight they did just that and then we continued to sit on the runway for an additional half an hour during which time I used my cell phone because we weren't going anywhere. I do not recommend JetBlue despite their reasonable prices."
"Flight 994 from Denver to Boston on August 4th 2013. Flight left late because of \"computer troubles\". However this was not the problem. Upon confirmation that we were close to landing I apparently turned on my phone too soon before being \"approved\" to do so. Stewardess promptly came over and in a very condescending tone berated me for using my phone. Upon explaining to her that I had it on airplane mode and that it posed no threat to the in-flight navigation system she offered another sarcastic response. After the continued verbal confrontation I was left wondering if there was a way she could have gone about this without embarrassing myself and my family."
"Flying Portland to Long beach flight was supposed to board an hour and thirteen minutes ago. No indication of when we will leave. Reading reviews online and realizing this is a common occurrence with this airline. This is my first try at saving a few dollars by flying JetBlue. I'd be hard pressed to fly with them again given this experience and their poor track record (at least as reported by online reviewers). For the good of all JetBlue should charge more fix their planes and their processes."
"Outbound flight 687 from BOS on 7/22/2013 scheduled for 7.24pm actually departed around 10.15pm. It took over 2 hours to accomplish that task and we arrived at LAX around 4am PDT. Flight became a red-eye."
"Flight 2402 from JFK to Buffalo on July 2 2013 was delayed 6 times. Felt sorry for the staff member working the gate as many passengers were complaining to her. Should have been a top official from JetBlue fielding the complaints. My wife and I had just got off a 10+ hour flight from Istanbul to New York and JetBlue was our connecting flight to Buffalo. All we wanted to do is get home. Six delays and no JetBlue higher up there to explain why there were delays. If I never fly JetBlue again."
"From Boston into Philadelphia. Flight down delayed 3 times due to what was reported as bad weather in Philadelphia. Waiting around in the airport for that long was exhausting. I found out the last delay was that the crew had timed out during the time of the delays. On the flight back from Philadelphia to Boston the flight was delayed only once. Overall the flight was pleasant and the crew friendly. When I have a lot of free time on my hands won't mind flying with this airline again."
"Our flight from PBI to LGA was diverted to JFK. Upon landing they stated that a bus will be provided for transfer to LGA. After waiting more than an hour no bus at all. Pay my own transfer don't provide service if you are not prepared to provide it."
"As a Premier member on United - I tried JetBlue this morning - draining. Extremely long lines at security to begin - more importantly I was not assigned a seat until I got to the gate and the agent gave me the last row - no option was available unless I wanted to pay extra which I refused. I should have just paid more and stayed with United."
"Jet Blue is the largest carrier out of my home airport Boston. Consequently I end up flying them quite a lot. So far in 2013 I have not had a single on time departure. When one gets delayed over an hour in each direction on a day trip to Washington DC its difficult to have positive feelings. I am not wowed that they pass out free snacks since there is not one healthy choice in the basket I just want to get where I am going. To me Jet Blue is Jet Late."
"Last 4 flights delayed significantly. 3 family members are currently on a 5 hour delay from Orlando to Syracuse. 2 other flights recently were delayed with mechanical issues. 4th was a weather delay. The mechanical issues are becoming more frequent which is both disturbing and frustrating. Getting fed up with air travel after 45 years of flying."
"Very disappointed. I paid over $300 for 2 seats for a round trip to Massachusetts (an hours flight). I booked the flight 2 weeks prior to my departure date. In order to sit next to my 13 year old daughter I had to pay $30 extra just to have 'leg room' and be seated next to one another. Planes are supposed to be ergonomically designed to carry passengers. Passengers have legs. Why do you deem it necessary to charge extra for appropriate leg space? Why not offer better food items and charge for that? That is something people might want to pay for but can do with out if necessary esp on a short flight. Proper leg room and sitting beside your own children should be a priority on your airline and not one that you must pay extra fees for."
"LAX-JFK. Flight delayed by 2 hours. No compensation given. Once onboard the flight attendants were rather unhelpful and rude. The aircraft has shown its age as it looks old. Great IFE though."
"Booked a flight for my son from San Francisco to Boston. Red eye flight. They delayed the flight and then cancelled it all together but not until he sat in the airport for 5 hours being promised that it would take off. It was not until the crew got in and they determined that they were overtime that they cancelled the flight. They should have known their hours way before then. My feeling is that they kept them hanging on so that they did not have to book anyone with other airlines. What's worse is that I used credits from jetBlue because they did the same thing to us last year."
"On July 15 2012 we were scheduled to departure from Syracuse NY to Fort Lauderdale Florida. The flight was scheduled to leave at 1.55 pm. We were inside the airplane for almost 2 hours before they asked us to get off due to \"weather\". Later on we find out that only JetBlue had cancelled all their flights to FLL Airport and we were stuck in Syracuse. There were no \"weather issues\" and it seems that JetBlue is known for using this excuse in order not to pay or credit their customers. We didn't leave on Sunday July 15th instead JetBlue said that the only available flight to make it to Florida was on Monday July 16th from Syracuse NY to Orlando Florida. On top of that they didn't provide us with any credit to spend the night or for the inconvenience of flying to Orlando instead of Fort Lauderdale."
"Scheduled to fly out of Denver on flight 98 on 07/06/12. There was a fault the airline attempted to repair it unsuccessfully and then after 4 hours plus we were officially all placed onto a replacement aircraft. That aircraft was scheduled to depart at 10.15 it left 11.00. The whole \"Jet Blue Experience\" is pretty much a joke with a $50.00 credit in lieu of the full credit we were supposed to receive for a delay over 6 hours."
"Not family friendly. They would not let me accompany my minor child to the gate because she was older than 14. They stated that TSA made this rule but when I checked with TSA they told me that it was up to the airline and that United routinely allowed older minor children to be accompanied to the gate by a parent. I highly recommend checking the airline policies if you are in this situation."
"I was traveling with my family on a what was supposed to be a short flight (from San Francisco to Long beach). After everyone boarded the flight captain announced that navigation system was broken. He said it will take 15 to 20 min to fix it. After 2.5 hours problem is not fixed. We were still on the flight they didn't even let us wait at the gate. After 5 hours they provided the option to get on other flight after 5 hours. But we had to go to the ticketing counter to collect the luggage. So we missed new flight plus the old flight (which got fixed). After 6.30 hours we are still in airport. At that point I had to call it quits and buy tickets from another airline. Terrible customer service plus we don't get any compensation for the delay (refunded ticket is only compensation."
"First and last time I ever fly this airline. I have Diamond and Silver status on two other major carriers and will stick with them in the future. I chose this flight last minute to get home earlier. Upon arrival at Terminal 5 I noticed the majority of the flights were delayed and my flight was delayed 3 separate times. I could have looked for other options but was not provided with this option. The desk said we would be compensated for the mechanical delay. Why doesn't anyone understand the most important commodity is time and the method how this situation was handled will keep me away."
"Our family waited in line for 2 hours then found out that our flight was cancelled only by asking them. Afterwards we waited in line for another 2 hours to check if we can get in another flight since we had a cruise waiting for us. After we got to the check-in counter they said they were sorry and couldn't get us another flight and that many others who were going to our cruise couldn't make it either because the airport in Florida was closed. We knew this was untrue because our other family from another city had a flight to Florida the same time we did and they were able to check in and everything. After about 30 minutes of trying to negotiate with them we decided to get a refund. Being disappointed we called in to the cruise company and told them about our situation the next day. The cruise company said that JetBlue told us to wait for them to book another flight but we went home instead. I find it completely ridiculous that they had nerves to lie to us."
"FLL to LGA. Attendants simply don't care anymore. After years of only flying JetBlue and being more than satisfied it is time to try South West I think. We don't fly often a couple times a year so stark difference in airline service attitude etc readily apparent."
"My last 3 flights with them were delayed for at least 2 hours. One trip from DCA to Boston was delayed 3 hours while we sat on the tarmac waiting for the plane to be de-iced. Every other airline was taking off and landing. Jet Blue told us that we had to wait for the de-icing truck because it wasn't being used that night by the other airlines but they had a higher safety standard. They had an inexperienced pilot and that kept us grounded for an extra 3 hours. I agree that the seats are comfortable but being held for hours to compensate for untrained staff is torture."
"They now have their Even More Speed security lanes but it was useless. I got to walk right up and show my ID and boarding pass but it still took 30 mins to get through security. Crew was pleasant as usual but the pilot never said a word to us. Jetblue pilots usually stand in front and introduce themselves tell you the length of the flight weather etc. This one said nothing. Legroom is great and snacks are always appreciated. Yet for the second time in a row IFE didn't work. Half the channels didn't work along with several radio stations as well. I fear they are turning into just another US carrier."
"LGB-SMF return same day. Cocktails way overpriced cabin attendants slow not very friendly and one on the SMF-LGB jaunt was downright rude. A320 was OK."
"BOS-IAD. A dreadful experience. The flight was delayed and no information on further delays although they were obvious (e.g. crew lining up at what was supposed to be the departure). Well worn seats. Once on the plane we could not depart for 1hr. They easily could have kept us at the gate. The satellite radio is mostly obscurities and a lot of programming for political conservatives and evangelical Christians. It struck me as a very cheap product although one has to pay for earphones if a passenger doesn't have their own. Indifferent flight attendants and unintelligible announcements The airline seems to be trading on its previous reputation for quirky friendly service."
"BOS to SAN poorly maintained aircraft indifferent flight attendants. My reading light did not work and at least 4 others within hearing distance did not either. Then the TV system froze for almost the whole flight - unwatchable. It was an evening flight so to pass the time I'm trying to read using the light from the illegible TV. Stuff happens but the flight attendants didn't seem to care no apology certainly nothing to make up for the problems. They just said that previous cabin crews must have not 'written them up' seemed to imply that not reporting the failures is pretty typical."
"JFK - San Juan round trip. Only completed JFK-SJU. Return flight was cancelled. I did not received the text message alert the night before the return flight. Luckily I checked the flight status the night before and found out all flights SJU-JFK were cancelled. Called the reservation desk and after 30mins wait an agent assisted me to rebook. Only could book a connecting flight that would take me home two days later. So I had to book with another carrier AA to return home. I understand the weather in NY was bad. But AA still operated without problems. JetBlue management took very extra cautious decision to cancel the operation on that day. It was a bad call."
"BOS-JFK. The flight was delayed without any explanation. No greeting while boarding with a bored flight attendant at the door. The plane was clean. I had booked an extra space seat and I was not disappointed. The drink and snack service was ok for such a short flight and the TV was great. Overall not impressed by the attitude of the crew which is much more efficient and friendly on Virgin America."
