"x"
"Verified Review | San Diego to El Paso. Southwest has officially lost all business and thousands of dollars a year from someone who used to be a loyal customer. My mother has been very sick and I had to fly back home to El Paso TX to be by her side. I’ve also had to push my flight back more than a few times cause I just can’t leave her in this state. The last change somehow changed my flight to the same day, same time. Instead of the next day. They were able to look it up but still unwilling to do anything about it. They said their no show policy states there has to be an attempt to cancel the flight. Why would someone first their flight to the same exact date and time. Next if you were sure that it was for the next day why would you attempt to cancel it. I am so dissatisfied with their customer service!"
"Verified Review | St Louis to Atlanta. I have been flying Southwest because they're cheap. The thing they upsell you on is boarding order. For my flight on 9/26 I purchased \"Business Select\" (and paid more for it) for flight 426 so I could get priority boarding. When it came time to board the gate agent allowed everyone to board in whatever order they wanted regardless of their boarding number. I had A-1 but because the gate agent said people could board in whatever order people pushed past me to board first. I asked the gate agent what was going on and why we're not boarding in order. He said to just get on the plane. Once on the plane I asked the lead flight attendant what was going on and she said the flight was light so just take a seat. I contacted Southwest's customer service web page and filled out a complaint. I got a response from a \"no-reply\" email saying sorry but that they would do anything including not refunding the cost for the business select boarding they didn't deliver. My opinion of Southwest Airlines is they're unethical to charge you for something and not deliver, and then not even care. Southwest is not just a shabby airline, they are in my opinion scam artists."
"Verified Review | New York to Dallas. Would not fly here again. They notified my hours before my flight by text message saying that they had cancelled my flight and didn't say why so I called and the gentleman said it was because of weather. So I tried rescheduling a flight since my brothers wedding was the next day but they didn't have anything left. So I was told to go to the airport which was 2 hours away and see if I could get on a flight but they just ignored me and said the fastest they could get me out was Monday and the wedding was Saturday. They were super rude and didn't care what happened to me after I stood there 2 hours to talk to someone. I ended up having to spend $500 on a flight out instead of the $150 flight I had booked months ago. It was horrible I have never been through something so stressful in my life."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Milwaukee via St. Louis. The flight itself was okay, but the flight was delayed on both my trip out and my trip back home. Very little info was shared about why and the delay out of St. Louis back to Seattle was extensive due to staffing issues. Unacceptable. You should not have to call in staff last minute. We had to wait for staff twice because the first back-up never showed. It seems every time I fly with this airline, there is a delay. I don't have this problem with other airlines and I don't know that I will fly Southwest again."
"Verified Review | Chicago Midway to Phoenix. I set up a vacation for my wife to go see her best friend in Arizona, this is her first time flying. Her flight was scheduled to leave from Midway airport In Chicago at 11:15am. We got there a couple hours early, got through checkout and thought we were good to go! 40 minutes before she's supposed to board, the flight got delayed and was now scheduled to leave at 1:35pm. We left to get some food and was back at the gate by 12:45. They then delay the flight to 2:35. Then just minutes later they cancel the flight! Went to the counter to ask what to do. They told us as long as the ticket had today's date we can go to terminal B17 and catch that flight. So we go to B17 and they informed us that was wrong and that they were \"probably just trying to get us through the line\". We then had to go stand in a different line, which we waited in that line for an hour and a half and in that time only went half way. I finally go up to the terminal attendant to ask him what we can do. He again said we need to wait in that line in hopes of being put on standby. Luckily a pilot overheard him and asked me what was going on. So I explained the story and he kindly went behind the desk and told them to change her over to that flight! I thought we were home free, but I was mistaken. He told her that instead of being a direct flight like the original flight I booked her, there would be a layover in Oakland. He said she wouldn't have to leave the plane when they go there. She called me in Oakland saying they forced her off the plane and since the pilot had the ticket she didn't have a ticket to show the attendant who was rude. So she got off the plane and tried explaining to the attendant what happened. The attendant told her \"to bad cause you don't have a ticket\". My wife went up to the counter panicking. The woman made a few calls and almost an hour later was able to get her on the flight to Phoenix. In Phoenix she was supposed to be picking up a rental car from Advantage (I purchased everything through southwest.com) and when I called to verify the car they said there wasn't a reservation. When I called to ask Southwest, they said they don't rent through Advantage. I asked to speak to a supervisor and they confirmed they do in fact rent through Advantage. Something apparently happened in processing the rental car so now her friend has to drive to Phoenix to pick her up. This was the absolute worst experience with Southwest."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Providence. I am not a fan of Southwest airlines. Even though they offer a lot of freebies. The seating is open seating. There is no way to actually pick a seat. When you purchase your ticket you are given A,B or C and you just board when your info is called, but you cannot choose which one you want when booking your ticket. It is terrible. I will not fly Southwest again. I was traveling with my spouse and we couldn't even sit together. Everyone who boarded ahead of us took window and aisle seat."
"Verified Review | Montego Bay to Baltimore. Southwest was always my preferred airline. However after this experience I am appalled by the way this situation was handled. An air traffic control tower was struck by lightning on 9/8/2017 in Jamaica. We were suppose to leave on 9/9/2017. Obviously this wasn't an option, completely understandable. But the tower was fixed late night on 9/9/2017. As we talk to others that were forced to stay at the resort ($450 a night) with us their airlines Delta, American, United, etc. were understanding and scheduled extra flights to help out and get them home to their families. But Southwests' answer to us is to bad we aren't sending extra flights forcing us to spend an extra $2000+ on a room and missing out on being paid at work. Southwests' answer is you're staying until Wednesday 9/13/2017. I guess I had the wrong assumption of this airline and stand corrected. Way to go Southwest (as sarcastic as I can be here) you've ruined this trip for my family."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Albuquerque. Extremely upset with the service of Southwest. I am a freelance makeup artist and have to fly sometimes for jobs. Have never had a problem with Southwest until now. I check my makeup kit due to the fact I have a lot of liquids and can't have it as a carry on. I had them put a fragile sticker on just as a precaution because I packed it well and it should have been fine. I opened my kit once I get on site for my job and everything is shattered. I was reassured by numerous Southwest incident associates that since the damage was extensive and puts me out of a job I should be reimbursed. Going through months of trying to get my case looked at and have to deny jobs due to the fact my equipment is ruined they finally got back to me. \"Unfortunately we will not be reimbursing you because we are not liable. Here's a voucher for your next flight\" Thanks for putting me out hundred of dollars, putting me out of a job, oh! But thanks for the voucher."
"Verified Review | This is the second time in as many months that I have tried to fly Southwest from Burbank to Salt Lake City. Both flights were delayed a significant amount of time and no notice until 30 minutes before scheduled departure. I asked an agent if it would be okay to leave so that I didn't have to sit in the airport for 2.5 hours. He said he wouldn't advise it because the departure time can change again. When I asked if any of the times they put up mean anything he said \"yes!\" Obviously didn't get my sarcasm. When I asked why my flights keep getting delayed his only response was \"it's the nature of the business.\" If that is the case, why do we have departure times at all? If this had been a one time scenario I could understand, but this seems to be happening more and more. Do not trust this airline to fly on time more than about 20% of their flights. That seems to be my average."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Dallas Love Field. Our frustrating and unexpectantly expensive situation with Southwest Airlines began on Sunday August 6th 2017 after having spent a wonderful weekend in Georgia at Ft. Benning to celebrate our son’s graduation from Boot Camp. Our group consisted of our son’s 3 parents and 1 elderly grandmother who needs physical assistance getting around. Ready to head to the Atlanta airport to catch our flight (2419) back to Dallas Love Field, we received an elctronic message stating that our flight was cancelled due to thunderstorms over Dallas. We called home (Dallas) to check with our house sitter and other friends to hear what the weather was like. They said there were no storms at all. It was clear skies and very hot. I checked my weather app and saw no storms in the DFW area. We called Southwest customer service who said we could spend the night in a hotel in Atlanta and catch a flight to Dallas the next morning. But we needed to get back to work the next morning (a Monday). We asked for reimbursement for the 4 tickets we will need to by from other airlines. SWA Rep said we would need to call Customer Relations. But a refund is not possible since the cancellation was due to weather! When we arrived at the Atlanta airport we ran to the American Airlines ticket window and bought the last 2 AA tickets flying to DFW that evening for $536.40! AA ticket counter rep told us all flights to Dallas and DFW airports were flying with no weather issues. So we let our son’s mother and elderly grandmother have these 2 tickets since we were not sure there would be any other available flights out that night. Then we ran to the other end of the terminal to the Delta ticket counter. We bought 2 tickets to DFW for $654.32! Delta also confirmed no weather issues flying into the DFW area. The total for 4 tickets including terminal fees cost us $1,217.72! I called SWA Customer Relations the next day to inquire about a refund for the 4 tickets we had to purchase due to the SWA cancellation. We spoke to SWA Customer Relations rep at the corporate office in Dallas TX. He said no refund is given when a cancellation is made due to weather. He said the FAA said there were thunderstorms over Dallas. I shared that I called friends in various locations in Dallas and NO ONE saw a single could in the sky. I shared that ALL other airlines were flying from Atlanta to Dallas that afternoon and evening with no knowledge of storms in Dallas. SWA refused to offer even partial compensation. He said talking to anyone above him would be wasting my time and would not transfer me to a supervisor. I hung up. It was obvious SWA was not going to acknowledge they made a mistake cancelling our flight or even apologize for causing such unnecessary stress and expense costing us over $1,200.00 in additional ticket fees."
"Verified Review | I have flown Southwest Airlines through Houston and Dallas over 15 times in last year and there has been delay after delay after delay. Most recent day was due to not having enough flight attendants / staff. Southwest is an extremely unreliable airline. I fly out of New Orleans twice per month and will be taking my business elsewhere from now on."
"Verified Review | We had an awful experience traveling from Ft. Lauderdale to Albuquerque on Southwest Airlines yesterday. First let me say that SWA has always been our airline of choice, but yesterday we experienced terrible customer service, and I do not know if we will ever fly with them again. At the Ft. Lauderdale airport our flight was delayed by an hour and a half. We asked to re-rout the remainder of our flights, but we were assured that we had plenty of time to make all of our flights, so we had no need to re-rout. Our flight touched down in Nashville to allow more passengers to board the plane, the flight was then held on the ground to allow passengers that had been re-routed time to board the plane so that they could make connecting flights. We asked for help from the flight attendants, but were told it was out of their hands. When the flight landed in Denver we had fifteen minutes to catch our connecting flight, but the pilot announced that we could not get a gate, so we were held on the tarmac until after our flight left. At this point we went to the gate to ask for help and were told that we were held in Nashville so that many more people could make connecting flights, it was a business decision to hold us up so that more people could make their flights. We were told that we had been rebooked on the first flight out the next morning at 6:50 am (it was 10:00 at this time). I asked to speak to a supervisor because we now had to spend an unplanned night in Denver \"so that more people could make connecting flights, a business decision.\" The same supervisor refused to give us a hotel voucher stating that he had already given away all vouchers for the day, but offered us a worthless coupon for a \"discount\" on a Best Western hotel room ($157-unsure when he could have a shuttle pick us up) or a no name hotel for $69 no shuttle. We ended up spending $234 at the Westin on the airport property since we had to be back at the airport for our flight in 6.5 hours by the time all of this transpired. The next day when we got home and claimed our luggage, it was wet, with the clothes inside soaked. In my opinion, if an airline makes \"a business decision\" to inconvenience one set of passengers to accommodate another set of passengers, they are at least obligated to pay for the hotel room of the stranded passengers."
"Verified Review | Northwest Florida Beaches to Nashville. I'm delayed at PCB airport with a baby and have made multiple attempts to get released from this flight and rebooked so I can get my daughter to a hotel and in the bed. We left the upstairs area where we were boarding without knowing we couldn't get back through and although I've spoken to several people here who work for SWA everyone here is telling me they can't help me and I'll have to keep waiting. I've also called the customer service number to attempt to make the changes that way and they to aren't assisting me. All I need to do is rebook a flight for tomorrow and no one has shown any interest in helping me despite the fact that I have a very exhausted and upset child who needs to be in the bed. This has been by far the worst customer service experience I've ever had with an airline and will definitely cause me to reconsider ever booking another SWA flight. This is truly a nightmare and the SWA staff here should be better equipped to serve its customers."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Tampa. The worst airline ever. Me and my family flew on it 3 times within last week. All three flights were delayed with two of them delayed by 3 and 4 hours and this is for a 2 hr direct flight. All our plans got messed up. The lack of seat assignments is a major inconvenience. Not good if you have connections to other airlines - you will miss them. Not good for weekend getaway - you will spend it on the airport. Not good for anything."
"Verified Review | Never want to fly Southwest Airlines again! We left 3.5 hours late, but of course were only notified of a one hour delay prior to arriving at the airport so had to sit around for hours. Then we got on the plane and sat and sat, were told we were cleared for take off, then sat some more, then moved up to number two in line when the pilot came on and said we didn't have enough fuel so needed to go back to the gate to get more. How can you not fuel an airplane sufficiently for a 1.5 hour flight? Unbelievable. Don't recommend using this airline and SFO is a nightmare also."
"Verified Review | We flew from Atlanta to St. Louis on July 12 with Southwest. We left Atlanta an hour late because the plane was held up for late arriving passengers. Didn't know any airline would inconvenience a plane full of customers who selected a departure time only to be ignored. What could we do? Southwest had us on the plane so we were captive to their whim. Now after an exhausting week, again we are delayed an hour (could be more) leaving St. Louis to return to Atlanta. The most insulting thing about this delay is that there has been a plane at the gate since well before regularly scheduled departure time but zero activity. Zero explanation from SW. I guess they think we don't deserve that courtesy. I'm disappointed, aggravated and wondering why I keep putting myself through this with SW. Beware, time obviously means nothing. By the way, radar shows clear skies from St. Louis to Atlanta."
"Verified Review | Hartford to Orlando. I will never fly Southwest again, they do not care at all about customers. My flight was cancelled only 4 hours before it was scheduled leave. When I called to see why it was cancelled they said they had no idea. I was flying down to visit family for only 3 days, and I took off work. They changed my flight to a 5am trip so now I had to wake up at 2am to get to the airport. When I called Southwest they said that they couldn't do anything for me that it was not their fault or their responsibility. I wasn't asking for my money back I just wanted some type of compensation for my inconvenience."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Orlando. Not impressed. You must check in within 24 hours. I checked in what I thought was quickly and ended up in group c. Why don't they have assigned seating? Got another awful seat like I always do. I only had 1 bag but it was overweight so I was charged $75. So if I had 2 bags I would not have been? What is that about. Third bad experience with this airline. Will not be using them again!"
"Verified Review | This was the worst experience with Southwest Airlines yet. My plan was due to leave at 1:15pm from Atlanta to Orlando but was delayed until 6pm due to maintenance. The 6pm flight was then delayed until 7:45 making miss an important conference that I was booked for. I will never fly with Southwest again!!"
"Verified Review | It was the worst flight I've ever taken. Flew from Fort Lauderdale, FL to Islip, NY. They delayed us an hour due to weather, 2 hours due to air traffic control, and then 5 hours because the pilot's hours to fly had expired and they needed to find another crew. Found a crew and then the crew cancelled at 2am. They then made me wait in a line for 3 hours to change my flight. I was in the airport for 12 hours straight and all they provided me was a mini bag of mini pretzels and 6oz water. They refused a hotel, transportation and food after keeping us in an airport for 12 hours just to cancel the flight. They expected me to travel for 24 hours straight starting at 6am. Meaning they wanted me to stay up for 48 hours straight. I get on the flight for 24 hours later, a direct flight and they delayed my 6.20pm flight until 10.45pm. I had to reschedule my flight for the following day yet again and they weren't willing to provide hotel, transportation or food once again. So my flight was initially 6.30pm from Fort Lauderdale and we were supposed to land at 9.20pm in Islip. We were given an hour delay due to weather (7.30pm-10.30pm). After the delay, we boarded the plane (7.00pm). They then proceeded to keep us on the plane for over an hour as directed by federal air traffic control (8.00pm). Then they made us sit another hour on the plane demanding that we all stay in our seats and stay buckled because they expected to depart soon (9pm). After this hour, the pilot comes on the PA system and told us that he's reached the maximum number of consecutive hours that the pilot policies allow (9.30). They took us back to the gate where we were given no updates or information for at least 2 hours (11.30). After this, they told us that they were trying to find a pilot and crew to fly the plane. They then told us that our flight would board at 12.50am. They delayed us twice more until they cancelled my flight at approximately 2am. They automatically rebooked me for a flight that would board at 8.30am in Fort Lauderdale and would bring me to Tampa. They would then give me a 10 hour layover in Tampa. I would board the 10.30pm flight to Islip and get back at approximately 1.30am. I waited in a line 3 hours to get this changed and also demanded a hotel, transportation, and food (5am). They hadn't fed us anything but a mini sized bag of mini pretzels and 6oz of water in 13 hours. They refused a hotel. They refused transportation. They refused food. They also told me that they could not change this horrible flight. I went back to them twice and harassed them before they finally put me on a flight that boarded exactly 24 hours from the one I originally had. The woman was extremely snotty and rude to me the entire time. I had to call my friend at 5 in the morning after she, her parents and my parents stayed up the entire night. My friend picked me up at 5.45am because Southwest wouldn't even provide me with a taxi."
"Verified Review | I have flown Southwest in the past and never had problems with it. However, this last trip was very upsetting due to the very rude customer service. We had a flight from Chicago to Dallas and then to El Paso which is home for us. From Chicago to Dallas as we started approaching Dallas the weather conditions became difficult and we knew we were going to have delays. It took an hour to land and I completely understand and would never complain about the fact that there are delays due to weather and also due to keeping us safe. Once we landed our next flight was delayed for about an hour. So we hung around and waited. Then it got delayed for another half hour, 45 minutes, then delayed for 15 more minutes, etc. The delays kept coming, then finally they said we were going to board. So they told us they would be ready to board but they couldn't find a pilot. This was at around 11:30 pm. So they kept saying a pilot was on his way and any minute now we will board. Around 1 am I get a notification that the flight has been cancelled. I wish it could have gotten cancelled earlier so we could make accommodations as to where to sleep. I don't understand how you don't have a pilot. And if that's the case, then please just tell us with time so we can make accommodations. People started running to Southwest counters and we were notified that only 2 counters were open. They said you can call and rebook or wait in line at the counter. I called as I waited in line and they told me they could not assist me over the phone because I had a bag checked in. When the counters opened everybody ran to the counter and I had to pick up my 5 year old who was asleep on the floor so by the time I got to the counter I was toward the end of the line. I stood in line until about 3:45 am. When it was finally my turn, the staff was extremely rude. They treated us like we should be grateful they were even lifting a finger for us. The first lady I talked to was Chinese and had broken English. As soon as I walked up she rolled her eyes at me. Before I even spoke. I felt contempt seeing as I was the one who had been standing in line close to 4 hours. But I am a nice person so I decided to smile and be polite anyway. I asked her to please rebook my flight as early as possible and she gave me 2 options: one for 7 am departure connecting at Austin which was already delayed or one for 7 pm direct flight. I told her I was skeptical about the 7 am one since it was already delayed but 7 pm is such a long time to wait when you don't have anywhere to sleep or shower and my luggage is checked in. She gave me a look of not my problem tapped her fingers on the counter and told me to pick one. I asked her if they could help accommodate us so we could sleep somewhere and at this she became very angry and told me \"we aren't going to give you anything!\" She treated me like I was trying to get some \"advantage\" of the situation. I just wanted a place to sleep, and if there's nothing to be done there is a way to state things politely. I told her I needed to think it over and I would come back but really I wanted to not be taken care of by her. I went back in line and got another representative. He was a little bit nicer but he also kept chatting to the guy next to him for long periods of time as if I wasn't there. Maybe the system was reloading or maybe he was just ignoring me. I saw a lot of people crying and I don't blame them. We slept at the airport until boarding time."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Providence. Dissatisfied with Southwest's customer service policy. Flying today from Baltimore to Providence. Circumstances changed and trying to fly standby on an earlier flight home we were told it would be an additional $125 on a $60 flight. Watched the plane take off only half full. Would have cost them nothing to put us on that plane instead of spending 3 hours in the airport. I am a SW Rapid Rewards credit card holder and would have expected better customer service from a company that prides itself on no additional fees being their difference. Will definitely choose to use my travel cards that allow flexible flying on different airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | Washington to Providence. This was the first time I had flown Southwest in several years, never having had a problem in the past. This time was different! The departure flight was delayed 1.5 hours because of a \"plane switch\" related to a mechanical problem. While this was mildly annoying, I did not complain to any staff personnel. The delay on my return flight 2 days later was twice as long--3 hours--and for the same reason. By then, my patience was exhausted, so I asked for more information from the gate attendant. She informed me that our particular scheduled aircraft had not experienced any problem but instead had been rerouted to the west coast from Chicago to replace a plane that had been delayed for several hours while undergoing repairs, in other words, another \"plane switch.\" That plane was instead used to ferry us to Wash., DC. Had repairs taken longer, we would have been stuck even longer in Providence, unless Southwest had decided to spread the misery even more. Southwest offered no alternative flights on other airlines nor did they offer a voucher as compensation for the delay. If their planes are so unreliable, perhaps they need to establish sharing arrangements with other airlines or keep planes in reserve for such occasions. Ground personnel were courteous but were apparently unable to offer any practical assistance or compensation for the inconvenience."
"Verified Review | I flew from Raleigh to Tampa with a carry on. When heading home (full flight) I'm in A group and conveniently I'm unable to carry on the same bag which put me at the back of the line and forced to sit in the middle of two full sized men and not even able to sit with my husband. I always fly Allegiant and decided to pay more, triple more so I could get to my destination a little sooner and I'm not impressed at all. Now, we've been sitting on a hot plane for 15 minutes and they just let us know we have to headbback to the gate for maintance. I'd rather be flying Allegiant."
"Verified Review | Burbank to Tucson via Las Vegas. I am writing this before I fly with them once again tomorrow because I am so disgusted. I got a notice that my flight( tonight) was delayed two hours. I couldn't get in touch with anyone for over 30 minutes. Their site said \"no info.\" So I finally talked to a REAL person (after being tortured with stupid offers a cruise, Medic Alert and all kinds of other rubbish.) I asked if my connecting flight to Tucson was delayed. Yes, one hour, but will leave before I arrive in Vegas. \"There are no flights to Tucson tonight.\" So I would have just sat in the airport all night? No apologies, nothing."
"Unverified | On my return flight from Atlanta we were shuttled to Chicago instead of going to straight to Detroit. They told us they would give us a voucher for the inconvenience. I did not receive my voucher and contacted them several times. They said they would email it and then I couldn't open the email. They said they would put it in the mail then I didn't receive it. Finally after booking another flight to Atlanta and paying for it, I got 2 vouchers in the mail. I tried to book another flight using the vouchers, but was told that one of them was not valid. I spent 1 hour on the phone holding for customer service and was told that the one voucher which came at the same time as the other one was the older one which they had cancelled and reissued. I felt at this point that Southwest owed me at the very least another voucher. But they were not willing to help me out for my troubles. I will not use Southwest again due to the poor customer service."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Boston via Nashville. I am very upset with the service of this airline. I have never had a problem with Southwest Airlines prior to this trip. On the way down from Boston, the plan was switched twice due to mechanical issues. Needless to say we were stuck in Logan for an additional four hours. They thought that a $100 per voucher per ticket would be okay. Absolutely wrong. We missed our connecting flight and had issues with our car rental because we were late. On our return flight, we had felt with a rude desk staff at gate 121/122. I had asked if we could use the family boarding due to the fact that one of my brothers had a fear of flying and the other, it was his second time flying. They are 17 and 13. She said nope, he's not 6 and I am not allowing it, the standards are enforced here. I told her the southwest personnel in Boston and in Baltimore understood our situation and allowed us to board with families. She said she was not allowing it what so ever. I asked for a manager she said no one was around. I then proceeded to ask for the customer care line to where she gave me a card with minimal information on it. I had to ask a second time for the number. I am very displeased with the entire trip with flying with Southwest Airlines and I will reconsider flying with them again."
"Verified Review | Midway-Chicago to Tampa, with Southwest Airlines. My husband and I haven't flown in years. Staff were friendly, but not so helpful. The boarding process was fine, until we actually got to the plane. We were unaware that there is not assigned seating. We had to separate, him in front me in back. I was very upset about this as I was already nervous about the flight to begin with. Now I had to sit with strangers. We were one of the last to board and it was obvious we were together (tickets purchased together). Not one staff member tried to help and see if they could get us seats together. The icing on the cake was the horrible uncomfortable flight between two larger men. At this point I had fully decided, we would not fly Southwest again. Fortunately this flight was only 2.5hrs. Their flights are cheap, but I will pay the extra to a different airline to be comfortable, and to sit with the people I am flying with. I did notice that they let families flying with children board first which is great! I have two children that I would want with me too, had they been traveling with us. One suggestion though, maybe couples be allowed to board after that then singles could fill in the empty seats. Or just have assigned seating."
"Verified Review | Orange County to Louisville. When boarding my plane, Southwest Airlines requested volunteers for being bumped onto another flight, I was second in line to offer up my seat for $300. Halfway getting onto the plane (I was in the B boarding group), they called me off of the plane. Ten people had to climb over my suitcase while I got off the airplane, and I was told after getting off that they didn't need me to volunteer anymore. Angrily, I re-boarded the plane and was the last person to get on, and had to sit in the only seat available in the very back of the plane. When I got to my connecting flight, I was supposed to stay on the airplane and go to the next city. Upon landing, I was told to get off the airplane and would be moved to another plane at a different gate. This gate and plane change was not the only inconvenience, the plane would now be delayed by 2.5 hours! This would put me in at 01:40am! My husband has to work in the morning and we live nearly an hour away from the airport, so he has to come get me in the middle of the night. My original arrival time would have been at 22.50 or (10.50 pm). The ticket lady told me that the pilot forgot his passport in Cancun? I'm not sure what that has to do with why the plane was over two hours late. This infuriated me. I am a frequent customer with this airline because of their cheap fares. I get you get what you pay for. I can't say I will be flying with them again, unless I'm desperate for a cheap flight."
"Verified Review | Indianapolis to Las Vegas with Southwest Airlines. Worst flying experience I've had. Got a later flight non-stop, booked to take off at 8:45 but my flight was delayed 3 times and by the 3rd time it was because the pilot had too many flying hours. They didn't have a back up pilot until roughly 20min after the plane has landed, that backup pilot was in St. Louis. So on my non-stop flight we had to make a stop. I bought the internet and it kept going on and off, on and off. Why offer internet if you can't have a stable connection? Better yet why do you charge for it if the Internet Is poor? Ridiculous honestly, I'm very disappointed with Southwest."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Ft Lauderdale. What the heck happened to Southwest? Customer service is awful. No customer support anymore. Been having issues with them lately. Today was the last straw. Overbooked my flight- wouldn't let me or my husband on. No seats available, although the desk agent said we made the cut and would get on the plane. (This was after a 2 hour delay). Couldn't get us to our destination until a day and a half. For a 3 day getaway, nope. Vacation was cancelled. And when dealing with them after- they don't care one bit. Just want your money. What a shame of a company Southwest has turned into. Take note Southwest, or you are going to be losing customers. (You've lost us). I'm not the only one noticing this decline as of late."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to San Francisco with Southwest. April 2, 2017 Flight 5717 scheduled to leave 6:40 pm. Alerted that flight will depart 10:10 pm. Flight tracker published inbound flight due in at 6:20 pm. Why the 3 hr delay? Called to determine status. 23 minutes later on the phone listening to \"happy\" music gave up. Southwest customer service 1/10!"
"Verified Review | Portland to Austin. My complaint is the decline in Southwest Airlines customer service. I'd been a raving fan for decades about SW, now I'm done. The straw that broke the camel's back was me booking travel for my wife to meet me in DC for Spring break. I booked the ticket in January for travel March 28th. When I left four days earlier for DC neither my wife or I received her confirmation, so Saturday I call Southwest. The ticketing agent was great about helping us find my wife's confirmation, she informed me I accidently made it for the 21st not the 28th, and that they recorded it as a no-show. She said usually you forfeit the funds, but in this case purchase a replacement short notice replacement for the date you wanted, the 28th, then M-F call our customer relations team and they will allow you to use the prior dollars spent as a credit for 12 months against future travel. Well today the 28th from my tradeshow I waited over 20 minutes until the agent answered the phone, at 9:15am. She was very terse with me and said it didn't matter what the ticketing agent told me Saturday, that I did have to forfeit the few hundred dollars I spent on the prior ticket I did not use. I said even though I was instructed differently by a colleague of hers? She said yes, and that I cannot be connected to a supervisor as she is the only supervisor."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Atlanta. The entire trip was terrible. The check in people were mean and not understanding in anyway. The airplane system was terribly unorganized and everyone we had to talk to was horrible, besides one lady. We missed our first flight because the check in kiosk wasted our time. We eventually made it to Atlanta. The flight back was mainly the same story, except I ran ahead of my mother and made it to the gate. I told them we were here and that my mother was on her way. The man hadn't closed the door and started telling me he didn't want to and he had paperwork to finish before they could fly. My mother came not a minute later and the door was shut after she arrived. The entire experience has made me hate this airline and air travel in general. I would never recomend it to anyone else looking to fly."
"Verified Review | I got to my gate, my flight departure was at 845 and we didn't board until 10 min prior. The whole thing was disorganized and you couldn't hear a thing over the speakers. I'm in the military so I'm accustomed to getting called for priority boarding. I went up to the lady when we started boarding and asked her if they called military personnel up yet and she said only if I was in uniform. I've always just shown my ID and then she said ok I'll get to you in a second. She proceeded to let everyone in the first line pass by me while I stood there with my ticket while she just kept looking up at me seeing how embarrassed I was until the last person in the first line went by and then just took my ticket without a single word. I won't be flying with southwest again."
"Verified Review | Terrible customer service. I am even a rapids reward account holder and I will never fly them again. I cancelled a reservation for $689 and when I tried to use the credit for a family vacation they would only apply part of my credit because my daughter wasn't on the cancelled reservation? So now you want me to have a useless $177.50 credit that will expire and have to pay full price again for a ticket for my 3 year old daughter, and give you $300 more dollars? Way to screw up our family vacation Southwest."
"Verified Review | This is the first and last time I fly Southwest. I'm very dissapointed after hearing nothing but great things about the airline. I flew in from Dallas Lovefield to Phoenix Arizona for a business meeting. On my way out of Dallas I found no line. But I did find two female Southwest employees at the check in counter chatting about the night before. They were very disinterested in being engaged with me during the chek in process but they got the job done and checked my bag in, as well as print my boarding pass for me. When it came time to board I was in the B group. That was far enough back to land me in the last row by the bathroom but at least it was an aisle seat. Great since I'm 28-going on 29 weeks pregnant and I may need to get up to use the rest room. I've only flown American and Delta with assigned seats. I hate this open seating policy because the person who came to sit next to me was a large man who barely fit into the middle seat and caused for an uncomfortable ride. I had to lean out toward the aisle the entire flight. Once we landed they open the back door to reload snacks and drinks for the plane that is going on to San Diego I believe. No big deal until the plan begins to get refueled! The fumes were so strong and awful. Fast forward a day, I'm pleased to go home to Dallas, hoping for better luck with my seat this time. Unfortunately my pass says I'm in group C. Even further out from boarding than on my flight in. At our boarding time of 5.15pm we were told that the flight crew for our flight will not even land until 5.45pm, that we may begin boarding at 6.10pm to leave at 6.30pm. This is all a maybe. You would think a company would have better logistics to get their staff here earlier or on time."
"Verified Review | Austin to Denver. There was a checkin problem and they were no help. My wife and I could not even sit together. Their pre boarding check in failed and screwed us. This is the last time I will ever use Southwest Airlines. The level of disrespect we received from their support people was beyond stupid. We paid extra for this too?"
"Verified Review | Oakland to Burbank. I had one of the poorest experiences in recent travel with Southwest Airlines. I found the ground crew and attendents at the gates somewhat rude and very unhelpful. I missed my flight because of a last minute gate change and when I complained about lack of proper communication the gate crew rolled her eyes and looked away. So unprofessional! Perhaps Southwest should treat its employees better so they don't act out like this in public and treat the passengers better."
"Verified Review | Nashville to Minneapolis. I will never fly Southwest Airlines again. Direct flight and we had a stop in Chicago? That doesn't sound like a direct flight. Got chuckled at when we questioned why. Checked in at the same time as my husband and our boarding \"groups\" are A and B. Therefore with the \"group\" seating we don't get to sit together. We could pay $80 to upgrade to preferred seating so we get first dibs on seats. If we checked in at the exact same time, tickets are linked one confirmation number why would our boarding \"group\" not be the same. Do not like the group seating arrangement. Will not fly this airline again."
"Unverified | Newark to Orlando. Open seating policy. I've never flown Southwest Airlines before today. In fact we're still taxiing as I write this. I was told the night before that there is an open seating policy with Southwest but until boarding I didn't quite understand what that meant. For those of you who do not know, when you check-in you are assigned a zone and a number. This is the order by which you board and from there it's general admission. Maybe that sounds fine until you travel with your wife and kid and realize that you will be forced to rely on the general good will of the 160 people who have boarded the plane ahead of you in order to sit with your family. We were not so fortunate. Even when the entire plane of passengers was bribed with free drinks for the flight, there were still no takers. I boarded the plane only to find 14 or so empty middle seats. This is my first and last flight on Southwest Airlines. The stupidest airline in the sky."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Minneapolis via Atlanta. Worst experience flying to date. Horrible customer service, no compassion. After being taxied to the run way we were taxied back to the gate, they bumped us to another flight without giving any other options, because with the time sitting at the gate we would not make our connecting flight. We now have over 8hrs of extra time in the airport. We were not offered anything for the inconvenience and we're handed a card with a customer service phone number. When calling the number they are open Monday through Friday and we are flying on a Saturday, not helpful at all. Not once did anyone apologize for the inconvenience but instead made us feel like an inconvenience to them. I would not recommend Southwest Airlines to anyone, especially when traveling with kids."
"Oakland to Las Vegas. I have not yet taken this flight yet, but I was rescheduled to take this March 8 flight after my March 7 flight was canceled 2 months in advance with out any reason. We cannot take a later flight as I purchased these tickets to match up with a wedding trip in Hawaii. When a customer is put at a disadvantage the company usually does something to accommodate the disadvantage they put the customer in. Southwest only offered to refund my flight. But there is no other airline that is flying to our home that late. The only offer that would be accommodating is to refund atleast partial points, or the money I had to spend to buy the points. Now my husband and I have to spend $100 on a hotel room to stay the night in oakland. I am a Southwest card-holder. Two other family members are, they only use Southwest, and that will change now. Poor customer service and an unwillingness to refund me in points even!"
"Verified Review | Louisville to Dallas via Tampa. There wasn't enough room for all carry-on bags. People forced to check personal bags including purses. Seating was first come first serve but we weren't told about that. I wasn't able to sit with my husband even after spending a good chunk of money for the tickets. Squished between two strangers for a three hour flight. Disappointed in the service."
"Verified Review | Boston to Baltimore with Southwest Airlines. Business Select is a rip-off. I was allowed to board early. However, even with over 30 seats empty, I still had someone sit in the middle seat next to me, because I obviously can't choose where others sit. I didn't receive my free drink because of weather. So I paid $400 extra to board early, which gave me no advantage. I can't even believe they have a business option with just these insignificant advantages. My flight home again had many open seats but alas I had a middle seat occupant yet again. This was my first time flying Southwest and I will never ever fly with them again. I called to let them know I was dissatisfied with my first experience and their response was that unfortunately I would still be dissatisfied by the end of the call because they couldn't do anything about. Business Select is a joke. Please don't waste your money."
"Verified Review | I fly Southwest Airlines for business regularly, and have for the last 8 years. I have been an A-list preferred member for the entire time, typically exceeding the minimum number of points required by 10,000 or more points per year. I love Southwest's flyer-friendly policies (no change fees, etc.) and great customer service. However, they lost their way. This year, I have 69,977 points, which is 23 points short of qualifying for A-List Preferred status. I asked if, based on the fact I've exceeded the points level for the past 4 years, they could allow me to keep A-List Preferred status for 2017 because I was only 23 points short. They said no. Sad to see that Southwest is now no different than the old-fashioned airlines. I traveled Southwest because of the great customer service, but will reconsider. Honestly Southwest, you want to lose a customers who spends $12k-$15k a year with you over 23 rewards points?"
"On a completely full flight from Baltimore to Chicago, crew failed to tell passengers not to put coats and jackets in overhead so that our luggage could fit, as is the custom. People do not want to check luggage when free carry on is the reason folks deal with the cut rate service of Southwest. Will be planning ahead next year to avoid the cattle call. This airline is like the now defunct People's Express, a cattle call for real."
"San Diego to Tucson with Southwest Airlines. I am sitting in the Tucson airport waiting for a flight that is delayed. Unfortunately, my flight into Tucson was also delayed. So I was delayed coming and going. Southwest employees act as if this is not of any great importance. To their customers it is a very big deal. I have flown on a variety of airlines and Southwest is the worst for being on the time. Flight times don't allow for any \"unforeseen\" events. I am disappointed and frustrated with Southwest. I would not recommend using this airline to anyone."
"Verified Review | I'm normally a big fan of Southwest, but after my last few flights I'm left disappointed. Flew from San Jose to Los Angeles. The flight attendants have been passive aggressive and the Captain virtually not understandable when he/she decides to speak. This particular flight was the worst. We were already delayed and then sat on the tarmac for almost 30 mins. I don't know what happened to Southwest, but please go back to the way it was."
"Verified Review | On December 16, 2016 I had a flight scheduled from Denver to Las Vegas at 9:05 pm. Southwest airlines knew of the impending snow storm yet they boarded the plane at 9:45 pm and made all the passengers sit on the tarmac for over 3.5 hours before diverting the plane back to the gate. Southwest offered no direction except to stand in that line and rebook. The line wrapped around the terminal. I went home and never got to my destination. I will never fly Southwest again."
"Columbus to Las Vegas. Very disappointed in Southwest. I was told by a Southwest employee that if I transferred my chase sapphire points to Southwest rewards, that those points would count towards my companion pass. When I went to book a flight the other night I was told they do not count. After talking to numerous Southwest employees, I was told nothing could be done and they offered me a USD50 voucher. I would have never transferred those chase points if I had known that. They are worth over USD800 in travel thru chase. I feel that I lost both ways and Southwest is not honoring what one of there employees told me. I like flying Southwest and will continue to do so."
"The first, only and last time we will be traveling with Southwest. They say \"open seating\" makes the boarding faster. It doesn't. It makes it easier on their end because they do not have to spend the labor on seat selections, etc. It is more like being treated like cattle in a chute. When you get to the plane, you are still waiting to get seated, just like every other airline out there. If you are lucky, you might get to sit with your other family members. Our family was not the only one that had to sit scattered throughout the plane. The attempts at humor by the flight staff did not help much either. The seats were cramped to point my shoulders hust from being so scrunched up and I am not that big of a person, 5'10\", 220lbs. The beverage service gets you about 4 sips of your drink unless you order coffee or adult beverage. One of our pieces of luggage was severely damaged so we got a $50 coupon to be used on Southwest airlines and only on Southwest airlines. I think we are throwing it away. They found more ways to nickel and dime more money out of passenger fares."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Buffalo. Southwest Airlines - what happened? You used to be the fun Go-To airline that, no matter how bad the others, never lost its sense of humor. Now your staff are as frazzled, checked-out, and nasty as the others! Thanksgiving at BWI, the check-in configuration was confusing with people queuing in 3 places and one hapless employee trying to herd who's up first, while imperious check-in ladies route people here then there to re-print baggage tkts, refusing to help, selecting favorites from the line, stalking off, unhelpful, uninformative, and high-handed - bad Southwest service! I miss the old airline!"
"I have been flying Southwest for over ten years and have the southwest credit card as well. I put several thousands of dollars on it a year but have noticed that I get a lot less flights with it now. I liked how they started giving you a boarding number when you check in 24 hours in advance so there aren't people arguing about the lines. But now what people are doing is saving seats all the time and it has gotten carried away. I have talked to the flight attendants about it but they say they will not get involved with it. I check in 24 hours in advance on the dot to get the best seats possible but am going farther and farther back from people saving seats now. What the customers are doing is one will get the early bird pass to get an advanced seating number and then save the remaining seats for the passengers that are flying with them. I actually was going to sit down on one flight and a woman said she was saving seven seats which was three rows and I finally said no, you cannot do that since my boarding pass was before them. She started getting loud and the flight attendant was no help whatsoever. I am not going back any further on the plane simply because others are not working with the rules Southwest has determined and does nothing for the people who play by the rules. I know this sounds petty, but I can have A tickets and cannot get seats for me and my wife until near the back of the plane. I tell the flight attendant about it and they do not respond so no more Southwest for me."
"Verified Review | Denver to Ontario. I was satisfied with the service for my Southwest Airlines flight but was not happy with the open seating policy. This is my third time flying Southwest and had never experienced this before. I was traveling with my husband and not only were we assigned separate boarding positions but then by the time he boarded there were no available seats for us to sit together. I do not appreciate this type of boarding and was extremely dissatisfied. If tickets are bought together the airline should allow the family to sit together like every other flight I have ever been on has done."
"Verified Review | Flew Austin to Phoenix. Southwest Airlines used to be my favorite airline to fly particularly because of how easy it was to cancel and change flights, their rewards program, and especially how helpful their attendants were. Over time, some of their best value points have changed. Their reward system has made it more difficult to receive reward flights. There was a time that you could show up to the airport early, and if their was a seat available on an earlier flight, they would accommodate you, but they no longer do this without charging you the fare difference which is really expensive on a day of flight. I must say worst of all is their service and customer service. Each Southwest Airlines personnel that you deal with from the time you check in, until exiting the plane is rude or in a bad mood, unwilling to help or accommodate your needs. I have a service animal, and three times, at three different points within one round trip experience I was harassed after being cleared twice. I was humiliated and embarrassed. I will no longer fly with SWA unfortunately. I truly used to enjoy the experience, but their service has gone too far downhill."
"Verified Review | My go to airline is always Southwest because of the great prices and friendly customer service. Unfortunately, this time around was far from a pleasant experience. Flew from Dallas to Kansas City. It was my first time checking a car seat and stroller at the gate so I wasn't quite sure of the process. The woman 'helping' was rude, and even made a snide comment in regards to me not understanding where to sign the liability tags. We, my 2 young daughter's (1 & 11) and myself, loaded the plane last. I was concerned about having 2 seats together, and the stewardess was less than accommodating. She did say she would find 2 middle seats close together but that was the best she could do. Fortunately, an older gentleman gave his seat up for us to sit next to each other. I graciously thanked the man, and then thanked the stewardess whom then told me not to thank her and that I needed to thank him. Thankfully the gentleman who was collecting boarding passes was the only pleasant encounter I had. He insisted on taking the stroller and car seat for us because our hands were full, and made sure to go ahead of us and tell the flight crew that we would need 2 seats together so they could begin working on it. Clearly the accommodation wasn't taken into consideration but I appreciate this man for being the only thing positive thing I can say about Southwest during this trip."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Austin. I typically fly Southwest for their exceptional customer service, low fares, and ease of use. However, this past year flying with them has been awful. Terrible customer service in Phoenix, comparable fares to other airlines (no real savings), delayed flights without notice, their systems breech, and finally how the company slashed how much airline points were worth on their rewards credit card. Not worth it, next time I'll pay the extra $10 for a reliable Delta flight."
"Phoenix to Seattle. My flight from Seattle to Phoenix I would rate that trip an 8/9 score (flight attendants were very friendly and helpful from the time I checked in until my exit from the plane. Their concern was that I was comfortable and in the least amount of pain throughout the flying experience with them). Return flight was a whole different type of experience. My flight returning from Phoenix to Seattle (flight 2193) was horrific. I have disabilities that require a cane and a wheel chair at times. During the pre board the wheel chair assisted individuals were squeezed in between other passengers loading (very chaotic) we were barely noticed that we needed to board before the crowds pushed in. The employee that seemed to be in charge at the time, taking the tickets grabbed my wheel chair and quickly/aggressively pushed my wheel chair so fast/hard over the turns and bumps in the ramp that I told him twice to stop and slow down. He was rude to customers loading the plane. He left me and walked away at the entrance of the plane (did not secure the wheel chair, lift the foot pads or help get the luggage off of my lap or give me my cane). I was then met by another rude Southwest flight attendant that just watched me struggle to get out of the wheelchair and try to set my luggage down. She did not once offer to help in anyway. I told her I need to get the luggage in the overhead bin and she just stared at me with an attitude on her face/body language. I finally said that my luggage would just sit there because I couldn't put it in the overhead bin. She finally grabbed the bag and put it up. I asked for my cane that was put in the overhead area so I could use the rest room and again with the attitude when assistance was needed. When it was time to exit the plane not one Southwest employee helped any or the 8 disabled customers with luggage or anything. The customers on the flight are the ones that assisted the disabled customers."
"Verified Review | I have flown this airline several times over the past several months and somehow they've found a way to delay the flight just about every time. I understand that things happen from time to time but this is ridiculous. Flew from Birmingham to Tulsa via Houston. Southwest, you are keeping people away from their families / jobs and you couldn't care less. Get your systems together and provide an airline that you can actually count on."
"Verified Review | Newark to Houston via St Louis with Southwest Airlines. Horrible customer service and staff seem clueless. This is my third experience where the plane is late, stuck on tarmac, or refueling. Not once an acknowledgement that inconvenience has happened on their end. I would think twice before recommending Southwest to friends and family."
"Tampa to St. Louis with Southwest Airlines. No assigned seats are a problem. If you are lucky, you are in the A group to board ahead of B and C group, but people who paid an extra fee to board first save seats for their party (who have not paid the fee) and you can end up sitting further back. I paid the fee last time and another passengers was saving a seat across the aisle with their purse. Another was saving 2seats for companions in the C boarding group. The flight attendants see this all the time and do nothing about it and let it happen. I no longer want to fly Southwest - it is too frustrating."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Houston via San Antonio. Other than slight delays, I have never had a problem with Southwest Airlines. However what happened today will result in me never flying with them again. My mother needs special assistance, and it is not allowed to make a disabled person reveal whatever it is that makes them disabled! Because my mother does not \"look\" like she needs assisantance, a staff member made her describe what made her need assistance, and behaved in the most intolerant way. I will never be back. Southwest has lost a long-time customer, and my respect."
"Verified Review | Reno to Los Angeles return. Southwest Airlines is spiraling into a bad, dark place. Seems it has now become SWA company policy to have even the most pedestrian 70 minute flight delayed by more than 2 hours. There is no reason for this. There was no weather. There was no equipment failure. There were no technical glitches. And to boot the phone agent kept trying to get me to take a standby flight to Las Vegas instead of getting me home to LAX where my car, family, life and all that matters to me are. Not only can this airline not handle the simple logistics of shuttling equipment back and forth between two cities that take 70 minutes to fly between, their incompetent phone staff cannot understand the difference between Los Angeles, CA and Las Vegas, NV."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Las Vegas with Southwest Airlines. Flying home after a weekend with friends our flight was delayed as the aircraft was stuck in San Diego due to fog. Our original flight was due to leave at 11:10am. The fog was cleared by about 10am by the weather service. Still this 40 minute flight has not left yet and is now scheduled to leave after noon. We were rebuffed after several attempts to rebook and told no available seating although when you go online there are expensive tickets available later in the day. The gate representative basically said it is not her fault and she can't help us or do anything to compensate us as there was fog in San Diego. If we can't get out today she will try to rebook us tomorrow. We can email to complain and as previous reviewers have said, that's not very effective either. Southwest used to be my go to airline - now it's becoming as bad as Delta and that's pretty bad."
"Nashville to Tampa with Southwest Airlines. My flight was cancelled with minimum notice. They had the entire full flight go to the 2 agents at the gate to rebook (they did not even tell people there was an option to go up front to check-in). Being A-List Preferred I called the number and they tried to put me in an open seat on the 1:55pm flight but they could not help because somehow SWA closed making reservation changes to them from flight 37. After the A List plus folks could not help I went to front check in but they had no ability to get me out until the 9:45pm flight. Despite my Business Select fare I got a boarding pass with position B5 on it. When I complained I paid the high fare and was A-List Preferred they said they could do nothing but I could try to better myself (13 hours later) at the gate. They also said if I called back Monday they would connect me with customer service. In addition to going out 13 hours later I had to wait 1 hour to get my bag back and leaving the airport paid $12 for parking that would have been included in my regular parking fee for 24 hours. On Monday I again called the A List Preferred number to be connected to the customer service to complain as I was told Sunday. They instead told me to send an e-mail. You have no idea how frustrating this has all been. Not only did I not get to meet the people I was to have lunch with Sunday I arrived at my hotel well after 1AM (flight landed at 12:20AM) to have to be at my office a 7AM meeting. I did want to talk to someone who will explain why SWA will not let me verbally complain and maybe get SWA to think how badly they handle these situations. To this date they have refused to reply to my emails."
"Las Vegas to Raleigh Durham with Southwest Airlines. I don't travel often, however the few times in the year when I do, our flights with Southwest are always delayed. Not for 30 minutes or an hour. Delays that are two thirds of the actual flight. One of our recent flights from San Francisco to Orange County was delayed longer than if we driven. Southwest being cheap and squeezing all their margins. This will be the last time we are fly Southwest. That rewards card is going straight to the shredder when we get back."
"Albuquerque, NM to San Antonio, TX via Dallas, Love Field TX. I have been making about 8 to 10 flights a year for at least 9 years. My family lives in RI, and I live in NM. So I travel cross country once or twice a year, plus vacation and work trips to the Bahamas, Florida, Quebec, Mexico, and last winter Cambodia. I have always attempted to fly Southwest Airlines in the past, whenever traveling (domestic) to a location that they have service to, and I generally try to avoid American Airlines. Over the last few years flying is less and less of a faster trip, due to lengthy waits in security, and the expectation that we travelors arrive at the airport earlier and earlier, as well as layovers that get longer and more frequent delays. In the last couple of years I have come to expect that, unless I am flying on the very first flight of the day, I will be delayed. I have mentally added that time to overall travel time, when planning a trip. Southwest always seems to deliver that midday delay, and I now expect it. Today, Southwest outdid themselves. I think I may finally reached the point where voluntarily flying is perhaps no longer worth it. Maybe I would rather stay home. There have been several moments today when I wished that I could leave the airport and just go home. Why am I so set on spending the time and money to somewhere else anyway? I can go swimming in Albuquerque. The first such moment was when I got to the airport at 7:00 am for my 8:55 flight only to discover that it does not exist anymore. It was posted as delayed, now it's just gone. I have to wait until I am called to be told how I will be rerouted. So now I am leaving an hour and 50 minutes later, to make a Dallas flight that will take off about 2 hours later. So I can still pick up my rental car during daylight. I make it to Dallas, I get on the plane, we are a bit delayed because we need to get some more gas because we need to fly around some heavy traffic to get to San Antonio. No we are now waiting an additional hour and 45, due to bad weather. Well, ok, I can still do my drive before it gets dark (I've never driven in San Antonio). I can even get off the plane if I want, I will just have to reboard (because that is so much fun). So it is really pretty hot in here, but it is too late to go home. We can leave now, (so they say). We just have to wait for the passengers to get back on the plane. Did Southwest get new management? Is this a new marketing scheme?"
"Writing this review not as a passenger but as the uncle of my nephew who attempted to fly from Chicago Midway to Albuquerque on WN 563 on July 21st. Yes - Southwest had a computer meltdown and their flights were all messed up. This has happened before to them and other airlines. But alas it always comes down to how an airline handles things like this that differentiates them from others. My nephew is Italian and doesn't speak English fluently and is 14, so I needed to get the Escort pass from the ticket counter. The line was over 1,000 people long if not more, stretching into back halls. I told the SW agents at the line entrances I just needed to get the Escort pass as he can't go thru alone. No - no help. Rude people who just say - get in line. There was no one at the Business Fare line - literally no one - and she wouldn't just let me go up there to get the pass. I had used a Skycap to check his bag in as that line was only 50 people long, so literally just needed the agent to give me the pass. Not a single SW person helped me - but going back to the Skycap - he did! He stopped what he was doing and walked me back to the counter and had an agent quickly issue me the pass. So simple - didn't really stop the process of handling other passengers. Just for this I wouldn't fly SW again - there was no reason the Biz counter couldn't have helped me (and 2 other passengers needing just a quick minute with an agent. So we go thru security - eat and go to the gate where it says \"on time\". Some flights delayed, some cancelled, some on time. They board other flights, at our boarding time they have people line up, flight attendants already on board. Then an announcement: \"Flight 536 is cancelled, we have no pilots, please get in line for rebooking\". No apology - in fact the 4 hours at Midway not a single SWA agent said I'm sorry for what was happening - just deal with it. So I get on the SWA app and the only flight I can get for my nephew is on the 23rd of June. Ok - so now ask an agent how I can get his bag. No - no way, we are not pulling bags from flights. I said he is 14 and has no clothes here as he is visiting. Sorry - we are not pulling bags. I said some choice words to her and then she says to speak to a supervisor. Wait 45 min in line - the supervisor says no - with a smile - and I can try to go to baggage claim and see if someone there would help. So I go to baggage claim - and the agent there is friendly - but she is just guiding people as that line is 20 people long. She said the bag will go to ABQ and just let it go. If I wait in the line they may not pull it, or if they do it could be hours. At least she was friendly. So for 2 days my nephew will not have any of his things - not a dire situation - he can wear my clothes. But again - it was just the sheer nature of the SWA agents. No compassion, not friendly, not helpful. I will never spend a single penny at Southwest again. SWA has gotten too big for its britches - they used to be good in the 80s and 90s, now just one of the Big 4 and treating passengers like cattle. Lets see if the flight tomorrow goes out on time or at all, I have my fingers crossed."
"The customers of flight #1647 from Hartford to Orlando were mislead and given empty hopes. We were told at about 12.15 pm that our flight was an hour delayed. Then soon after canceled. Next, we were told, \"please sit calmly Southwest will figure this out.\" Finally, no other flights available, this flight is canceled all together. All other bookings were available until Sunday July 24th. Useless for us, since we were coming back on Sunday. I shifted gears quicker than Southwest and booked a flight with JetBlue for an additional $1000 to fly out the next day. I have been trying to contact Southwest online or via telephone call with no success. This is an awful way of doing business."
"Verified Review | We have always had a great experience when flying with Southwest and with their customer service. For this reason, we have always been willing to pay the extra dollars to book our flights through them, as opposed to booking with one of the cheaper airlines. However, the last 3 times we have flown Southwest have been just awful. They lost our car seat the first time, our luggage the second time, and then the third time we experienced a 3.5 hour delay followed by a cancelled flight at 9.30pm. On top of this, we have encountered terrible customer service every step of the way in dealing with these stressful circumstances. Each time we traveled the personnel working at the ticket counter have been unbelievably rude. Great way to start the trip. When items were lost, instead of being helpful and accommodating, the customer service agent working in lost baggage was very brusque and actually yelled at us, and then refused to do something as simple as validate a $7 parking ticket for my husband who had to park and come in to help me with the situation since I was traveling alone with our 6 month old. Finally, when we were flying home to Denver, our flight was delayed 3.5 hours and then cancelled. The entire time the woman working the gates to the flight was yelling at people and being extremely rude. We all had to wait 1-2 hours in line to rebook our flights, and then we found out the next day when we called in that they never even rebooked a flight for us. We will be leaving 2 days after our expected and paid for departure date. On top of all of this, we have not been compensated for any of these inconveniences."
"I started my travel today with a 7.25am Southwest Airlines flight from NY, with Orlando being my final destination on a 9.45am. As of now, it is 1pm and I am still in the connecting airport set to depart at 5pm. A 7 hour delay you ask? What possibly could have happened? All we are told is that there is an equipment issue and we are to wait. There have been 4 flights from BWI to MCO set to depart after mine that have already left as we wait 7 hours for a flight. Severely disappointed. I will not be flying SW again."
"Orlando to Hartford. My sister and I got split up while boarding this flight. We were on extreme opposite sides of the plane. We hadn't flown in a long time so it was uncomfortable to begin with. Of course, I was not okay with this and began to complain. The flight attendant said that I needed to take a seat. So I did and I told him how unsatisfied I was with the airline. He was like well you're still going to need to take a seat. I sat down and said that I'm going to write a complaint about the airline. What if I had children, someone who had extreme anxiety, or another issue. Luckily that was not the case, but they should do something about the seating process. When we purchased the tickets it said entertainment such as tv, movies and wifi would be included. There was not one tv and the wifi did not work."
"Denver to Cancun with Southwest Airlines. We were a group travelling for a wedding on 1 flight. No one was able to sit together. The boarding process is ridiculous, you have the first people boarding sitting in the aisle or window seats, leaving the middle seats for the tailend of boarding. Out of 20 people in our group we were able to sit together here and there. Additionally, why allow large carry on luggage? It would make more sense to limit the carry on because that is what slows down the boarding process, not assigned seating. This is most likely the last time I will fly Southwest - there is no care or concern for families traveling together, even if I have to pay more it will be worth it to have the ability to travel with my family and friends."
"Manchester–Boston to San Diego. So I purchase the \"Early Bird\" option five months before my scheduled flight. My daughter is on same flight and does not purchase \"Early Bird\" option. Southwest advertises \"Early Bird\" option completes your check in for you and I get my preboard A-31. So my daughter checks in 24 hours before scheduled flight and gets preboard A-30. So I pay for \"Early Board\" option and she boards ahead of me ? I call and was told to complete my flight then file a complaint? Think they would fix issue before wronging a loyal Southwest customer. I file complaint after completing travel and was reimbursed the payment for the \"Early Bird\" option but was told they will do it this time but sometimes it happens? How many others boarded ahead of me without paying the extra fee? Sounds like a scam to me! Have you seen this Southwest Commercial on television: Transfarency - We don't dream up ways to trick you into paying more. Sounds like they did and customers don't realize. Very unhappy Southwest customer."
"Why bother to upgrade on Southwest? Flew from Providence to Tampa. On the first flight there were 17 wheelchairs that delayed the flight for over 25 minutes. We ended up more than halfway back in the plane despite the A boarding. On landing, hearing first on last off, only 3 individuals required assistance. Arriving early at the airport today I observed six people going to Baltimore in wheelchairs, 3 walked a fair distance to get coffee, afterwards one even \"hobbled up\" to the gate person to make sure she didn't need \"real documentation\". On my boarding later there was a family of 6, one about aged six, pre-boarding. I asked and was told it was a disability issue. Really? Four or five people needed for one teenager or maybe the 6/year old? As a former special needs and kindergarten teacher I get it, but as a consumer I know an abuse of the system too. I will not pay to upgrade and perhaps not fly Southwest again. I don't think the airline will change as long as this is ignored by consumers."
"Verified Review | Houston Hobby to Akron with Southwest Airlines. They have gotten rid of all military benefits. The open seating is ridiculous because you can't even sit with your spouse. As far as I'm concerned it's the airlines way of making people pay extra for an upgrade. Neither of the planes we were on had Wifi, inconvenient for people who have business matters. The check in counter was total chaos and it took us 20 min to get our boarding passes."
"Verified Review | Flew Baltimore to Louisville. This was the 2nd time I flew with Southwest and I experienced 2 rude flight attendants. I was the last to board because my 2.5 year old had to go to the bathroom as people were getting in line to start boarding. Thank goodness we did not miss the flight. When we boarded (last) there were no two seats left together and an older male attendant muttered \"that's what happens when you board last when you have a child with you,\" as he passed us by. I was greatly offended as I could not control the circumstances. Two kind gentlemen gave up their seats for us. My son fell asleep soon after take off and the window blind was jammed/broken in a half closed position with the sunlight in my son's face. There was a ripped page of one of their brochures so I tucked it under the window blind. As we were about to land, another attendant annoyingly asked, \"Did you rip that? Give it to me\" and took it. How rude."
"Verified Review | Another Southwest Airlines delayed flight, from Denver to Los Angeles. Total delay was 1 hour. The plane actually came back 30 minutes earlier than expected but no passenger boarding until the full hour. Not sure why passengers were not boarding when the plane arrived. First time Southwest passenger and I will reconsider future trips with this airline."
"Verified Review | I've flown 3 flights with Southwest in the last 5 days, all of them short flights. Either Los Angeles to Phoenix or to Las Vegas. Every flight has been delayed. What's the point if I can drive there faster. Airfares have been far too high for poor service. No longer customer focused. I'll drive."
"Very poor customer service, flight from Las Vegas to Fort Lauderdale was delayed 3 times, finally after 4 hours, we were given the option to fly to Orlando. Well that flight was delayed as well. Ended up in Orlando at 3am with no place to stay and unable to drive 3 hours home. Called customer service and was flat out told I was on my own, no help whatsoever. First time and last time I will fly Southwest Airlines."
"The one time I chose to fly with Southwest instead of Delta like I usually do, I had the worst traveling experience ever. I thought my one hour flight from Utah to Las Vegas would be easy enough, and I would have no problem getting there efficiently. Boy was I wrong Not only did they delay the flight 7 hours, but when I finally received my luggage it was soaked from rain as if they had dumped it into a river, and it ruined all my belongings. I will never fly with them again."
"I paid $460 for a seat on a late night flight. The overhead light was broken, leaving me in pitch black darkness. For $460 I expect an overhead light. I hate the boarding scheme, it takes time and attention on the day prior to travel to deal with the check in in a way that doesn't leave me the worst seat on the plane. I hate the competition in boarding. I am heavily pressured by staff to find a seat, but I can't even see what seats are available in order to make an informed choice. (I hardly call that a choice). I hate how people hold seats besides their own for their own purposes, so if you want that seat you have fight for it and sit next to a hostile person. Please, Southwest Airlines, let me pick my seat ahead of time."
"I recently traveled with Southwest Airlines from Hartford to Orlando as part of my spring break trip. This was the worst experience I have had with Southwest as I have traveled with them multiple times with no problems. Our first flight out of Hartford was delayed not once, but twice. After that we had circled in the air for 2 hours because of weather (which I understand can't be controlled) but once we finally landed we sat on the tarmac for around an hour waiting for a gate to open. My returning flight was also delayed. A vacation that was supposed to be stress free turned into the most stressful travel time I've had. Unfortunately due to this experience I am unsure if I'll be comfortable making travel plans with Southwest again."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Tampa return, and Southwest stranded us in Tampa for 3 days. No hotel or car. They told us all after we boarded the plane that the pilot was called away to a different flight. However, the representative then told us the pilot timed out. They used the excuse of weather to not have to pay for our hotels. I am an A-preferred member and have never been treated so poorly. I tried to call as I located two separate flights to another city that would get us home earlier. Southwest will not make it right, unless I want to pay extra. So, my daughter misses school, I miss work, and we incur three extra days of travel costs. And nothing but an apology from Southwest."
"San Jose, CA to Tulsa. Avoiding Southwest Airlines in the future. My husband is an A list member. He flies this route a dozen times a year. We \"thought \" we liked Southwest until we had a major problem over Easter weekend. I ended up having to make a 9 hour trip by car to pick him up due 100% to Southwest and their flight crews ineptness. I figured come Monday I would be calling and getting a full refund. Not even close. Southwest customer service is the worst. They are rude and lack any empathy or responsibility. Took me 3 days of holding and calling and almost outright abuse before I got a partial refund. You sure do you find out what a company is really like when you have a problem. And this company is the lowest in customer service that I have ever seen. So much for being an A list member. We are finished with Southwest."
"Our flights from Houston to Orlando were both delayed. We have 2 younger children ages 10 and 11. It was incredibly difficult to get seats with them even though our boarding group is group B. Because Southwest Airlines does not have pre-assigned seatings, it takes so much longer for everyone to board. Most people leave the middle seats unoccupied as the plane gets filled. So if you have small children, and in our case 2 small children, we have to ask 2-3 people to switch seats so that in case of emergency, we can assist them. I will not fly with Southwest Airlines in the future."
"Flying Baltimore to Las Vegas with Southwest has been our worst flying experience. If you do not purchase early-bird check in they bill you an additional $40/person to sit together or you can purchase Business Select for an extra $500/person. WiFi charge was $8 which did not work for 70% of flight. Our 5 hours flight was completely uncomfortable the entire way since we were both squashed in middle seats between people we didn't know. I do not see us ever flying with Southwest again!"
"I was at the airport trying to get early on a flight to San Diego, asked the lady at the gate B15 to get an earlier flight as it was to surprise my daughter for birthday. She looked it up and although there were seats, wanted to charge us nearly 11,000 points. They weren't very appreciative that we've flown with them for years, didn't really care much about helping out. I am not using them whenever possible."
"Arrived at Mcaron airport on day of flight. Flight was boarded then cancelled. Was put on next available flight which also was cancelled. Ended up being routed to Sacramento. Then it cost me more money to get from Sacramento to reno than the original ticket cost. Cost me $40.00 roundtrip just to pick up my bag at Reno airport. Total cost between airport food gas mileage etc around $380.00 Original ticket $222.98 . I'm a disabled veteran on a fixed income. I asked for a refund of the original ticket cost. Southwest took five business days to approve the refund no thanks to there customer service center. After five days I had to call the corporate office in Dallas and was lucky enough to get someone on the phone who could at the least push my claim through to approval status. I got every every excuse imaginable from there customer service reps but the one constant was that this was there policy on refunds and I would just have to wait. They took my money immediately out of my account when I bought the ticket so why is so hard for them to put it back. Seriously the IRS processes tax returns faster than Southwest will process a customer refund. As of this posting I still have not received my refund and with a holiday weekend here I guess I'll be lucky to see it by next week. Shame on you Southwest airlines. I trusted you would have better business sense than to hold peoples money hostage. Your customer service reps are under trained and give different answers."
"Indianapolis to Las Vegas, and flying with Southwest Airlines was one of the worst flying experiences I have had. I paid $8 to have wifi throughout the flight, but any simple google search takes about a minute to load. Netflix does not work on the wifi. After realizing this, I then spent another $5 on a movie to watch. In order to watch the movie in flight, you have to install an app to view it. I installed the app about 13 times, on both Internet Explorer and Google Chrome, however I was still not able to watch the movie that I bought. Overall I wasted $13 on wifi services that are expected to work. Very disappointed."
"Detroit to Denver. We tried booking tickets using Southwest Rapids reward card immediately after signing up. When we called Chase to sign up they said we could use card once approved but had to contact another branch of Chase to get card number to book tickets. We called Chase-2 and they could not give card number but said if we sign up online we could use the card to book Southwest tickets. We canceled phone activated application and signed up on Southwest online. Account was approved and activated by Chase but could only see the last 4 numbers of account. Security, I get it! So we contacted Chase-3 again and they said we should have had the trip in our Southwest checkout online. I check and we did have the trip in our checkout and still couldn't book the trip. What a run around! We ended up using our DELTA card to book our Southwest trip. We are planning many trips this year so were trying to get the 25,000 reward miles by spending $1000 - no problem! Southwest needs to get with Chase and get their story straight!"
"Las Vegas to Dallas with Southwest Airlines. The most frustrating and annoying feature about their flight is the first come first serve seating, so if we are traveling as a couple or group, we are able to sit together after the first half is seated. The seats are small and cramped and to have to be squeeze in between two strangers is a pain. We are never flying Southwest again until they get rid of this policy!"
"Terribly organized! I have booked my tickets with Southwest Airlines from Atlanta to Las Vegas a month prior to flight with my fiance. At the check-in, we were told that my fiance's ticket was the last ticket available, we did end up getting separate seats at the boarding gate. Once boarded they have asked us to board according to our sections which is completely useless, since you can sit wherever you want. Overall not satisfied, will never fly again."
"Southwest Airlines used to be a top notch economy airline. Friendly people, on time, and reasonable. Today? Surly people, prices are not anything special, and they must have one of the worst on time ratios ever. Lots of the planes are dated and don't even have wireless. Out of my last 23 flights, 4 have been on time. What a shame. Best to worst in a few years."
"Pittsburgh to Jacksonville. Southwest Airlines is the least empathetic airline on which I ever flown. They will tell you that your flight is cancelled and not offer any accommodation. I have spent over 400$ in the past 6 months in rental car fees due to having to drive to my destination due to flight cancellations. They will not reimburse you for time and money spent trying to get to your destination (rental cars, hotels, etc) if weather related. You better think twice if you want to be at your destination on the days/times you have chose to fly out/arrive. I was a huge supporter of Southwest, but now I can say I will never fly with them again."
"I am stranded in Tampa going on six hours, unable to get to Atlanta on this horrible airline. Every half hour Southwest Airlines change the estimate on when we can go, without telling the truth about what's wrong, stringing passengers along until the inevitable cancellation and overnight stay on the airport floor. I keep making the same mistake in booking flights with this airline-every trip this year has been delayed without cause to the point where it isn't safe to travel with Southwest if you need to arrive on time. Their planes are dirty, particularly the restrooms. I have learned to make sure I won't have to use them and after today's disgusting service I will now avoid the whole airline. Don't book unless you don't mind being hours late each time."
"Our Southwest Airlines flight from Chicago Midway to Jacksonville, FL on 28 December was cancelled due to weather and we couldn't be rebooked until 1 January. So we were stuck in Chicago for 4 days and no luggage. Southwest refused to take our luggage off the plane, and instead flew it to Jacksonville. No explanation for this, and calls to baggage management at Midway and Jacksonville were never answered or returned. No reimbursement. Absolutely terrible customer service."
"This flight was set to depart about 9:20pm on Dec 28, from Orlando to Birmingham, the first delay was to 10:15 pm and came out about 6:05pm. So they knew they had a problem at 6pm. It appears the problem originated due to the St Louis flight not being able to come into Chicago due to sleet and severe weather, hence the Chicago to Nashville leg of the flight was also delayed. The flight we were scheduled for was to come in from Nashville. Southwest is a point to point airline as I was told by customer service today, (after holding for 90 minutes) which means if a previous leg is delayed or canceled there is no plane to pick you up. So know where your plane is coming from and check its flight status. We were told another plane was being routed from Dallas to Nashville to pick up passengers and come to Orlando to be our plane from Orlando to Birmingham. The delay was again changed from 10:15 to 11:55 then to 12:55 am. A plane did arrive at 12:20 and we were told it was our flight. Only to be told at 12:50 am that the pilot has too many hours and cant fly you to Birmingham after all, so we are now at 12:50 am going to officially cancel the 9:20 pm Flight and we cant get you on another flight till 9:20 pm the next day. My concern in calling customer service was to ask that the process be reviewed in regard to how this flight delay then cancelation was handled as obviously a mistake was made in telling the passengers they had a plane coming with a delayed departure time set for 12:55 am and yet no one in command for Southwest was checking flight hours for the pilots to realize there was no way this flight was leaving Orlando. The customer service rep said she could only report my concerns to management but I did not have the right to ask for an explanation or any admission they had made an error in judgement on when the flight should have been canceled. I just wanted to know they would look into it and determine a better method to communicate flights, delays and pilot and crew travel restrictions so that this type of very avoidable error doesnt happen agsain. Southwest cannot control the weather and they will continue to be a point to point airline operation but get some people who can do math to determine flight hours limitations for pilots and crews in these situations so after a 4.5 hour delay you are not told the flight now has to cancel because of pilot has to many hours to fly. If you are making these types of errors what else is happening behind the scenes? Also I would just like an email from management that they are looking into this for enhancement or correction and wa stold no way your getting any admission from us about why this happened. Does not make me want to continue my long tenure with Southwest."
"St Louis to Chicago. The customer service continues to decline every time I fly! In the plast year I have flown at least 15 times and I get more frustrated and disappointed each time. They can't even get their automated phone service for checking flight status right or update their website in a timely manner. When a flight is cancelled it shouldn't take over 30 minutes for this stuff to be updated! Customers are trying to double check before they leave for the airport. Then when talking to a customer service representative they are rude and tell you it's out of their control when things are updated. So what your telling your customers is please pay to fly with us blindly and good luck! Southwest has become a joke!"
"Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. Not a good experience, the flight was delayed, pushed from 8pm to midnight. When they boarded the flight they then left us sitting on the plane waiting for a pilot to come in from Denver to fly us south. The experience was very poor and mismanaged. This is the second time in a row this has happened to me with this airline, never again - I will give my money to another airline."
"I was able to pre board onto my Southwest Airlines plane. I'm a tall guy so I headed for the emergency row. I get seated and the flight attendant angrily asks me to move, as a pre boarder I'm not allowed to sit in the emergency row. Confused, I obliged. Calm until the guy who walked in directly after me claims the extra leg room for himself. Why me specifically am I not allowed to sit there? Offended as all hell, I'll be avoiding Southwest for future flights."
"I have flown on SW since 1971! It used to be fun when I was a teenager. It is no longer fun. Southwest Airlines has always had open seating. In 1981, before they had Early Bird check in, I flew to Tampa to visit my parents with my 3 year old. There were NO adjoining seats. The only way I got a person to move was to say they would have to take care of my daughter. I quit flying SW! I started back when they started Early Bird. I am quitting SW again. It is truly a cattle car. Like riding the bus in the 60-70's. Both flights I was 49 with paying extra. I got the last aisle seat on that plane. Early bird does not help if you have a continuing flight which most Southwest Airlines flights are. Also too bare bones. Plane was freezing. No blankets. People were rude while waiting for the bathroom. Said don't stand here. Like where are you going to stand? It is not the airline I knew in the 70's. Even with 2 bags free it is not worth it and sometimes Southwest Airlines is more $$$. Apparently I was dozing on both flights and received no snacks or drinks."
"No seat assignment did not work leaving Punta Cana. Passengers ignored the number calls for the seat assignments and basically rushed the plane. I thought a riot was about to start. I paid for the early seating and I was the last person on the plane because I would not push with the crowd. As I entered the plane last I told the flight attendant I was to be the 76th passenger to board and instead I was the last which separated me and my husband (on our anniversary) and her only comment was \"I wonder how that happened?\" I showed up 3 hours in advance to the airport and 6 other people showed up after we started boarding the bus ride to the tarmac and somehow they ended up ahead of me and seated together! This was my first Southwest Airlines flight and my last as they are instigating riots with this type of boarding."
"Ft Lauderdale to Minneapolis with Southwest Airlines. First of all the no seat assignment thing is ridiculous, as if traveling doesn't come with enough chores as it is both on the leaving and returning flights my wife is sitting there waiting to get as far up the seating queue as possible. Not that it mattered since the return flight was delayed past the time our connecting flight flew out. They ended up putting us up in a Holiday Inn but we had to pay for a cab back to the airport since the flight we were booked on was too early for shuttle service. Then we got here and baggage check service is closed until 45 minutes before the flight and we're way at the back of the seating queue."
"Arrived at airport in a timely manner and was told that we were moved up on standby by list. Got told I was number one for 945 flight, didn't make the flight however my better half did. Was put on the 1030 standby list, still number 1 on list, and the agent sends three people ahead of me that were on vacation and worked for Southwest. Unbelievable is all I can say. 1230 flight she puts a guy ahead of me that said he would pay extra."
"First of all let me say that I have been flying for years and Southwest is my absolute favorite airlines. I don't know what happened this year but I always fly to Fort Lauderdale, Florida every April. Now when I am ready to book a flight the prices are horrendous. $800 to $900 to fly to Florida from Hartford. It is unbelievable. The times are terrible. I can't imagine what happened to this wonderful airline. There are hardly any flights. Keeps saying unavailable or sold out. I went on the web site exactly 1 minute after they opened their site and that is what it said, sold out, that is impossible. Usually their flights are $300 to $400 for that trip, so what happened? Usually my rating would be 10 but not right now."
"Southwest Airlines is the worst airline I've ever seen. You don't have a seat assignment and are herded in like cattle. Forget it if you're traveling with someone, as there is no chance you'll get to sit by them and no chance anyone will try and accommodate two people together. Southwest Airlines is up there with Spirit Airlines as the worst company I've ever flown and I will never book a ticket with them again"
"I traveled on October 29th evening, The flight was changed frequently I remember its 5 times and from 6:00 PM to 10:00 PM, Before I noticed the flight change I already traveled to airport and waited for 5 hours in the airport. I seriously don't understand why Southwest Airlines will always delay the flights. I don't understand I waited for 5 hours and even my return flight from Atlanta to Austin was delayed for 3 hours. Everytime when I traveled it will delay for sure. I wont go for Southwest Airlines from next time."
"I was forced to check my bag leaving California even though I took it on my Southwest Airlines flight to California, they tell me to put it outside the door someone will check it. So that's what I do, the flight attendant informed me someone has taken my bag down below. When I land in Columbus it is lost in Vegas. They tell me it is on a certain flight but when that flight landed nowhere to be found again and the baggage claim said that there is no way for whoever informed me of which flight it was on, or to know it was actually on that flight. My bag is currently in limbo and not a single person knows where it is at and all they can tell me is sorry, nothing we can do about it. What a joke this airline is."
"This was the worst experience I had with Southwest Airlines. I booked a 2 way trip for a family trip, Austin to Atlanta. The flight was delayed several times, I had booked my hotel and tickets for other shows, because of the delay of the flight I couldn't go to any place on time. My plan was completely spoiled, my vacation was terrible because of Southwest. During the return also I had the same issue, the flight was delayed again. I generally use Southwest for all my travels and this was not the first time, I have faced this issue, every time the flight gets delayed. I am very upset and disappointed."
"This is one among my most disappointing review I’ve shared. All over the airport was reviewing publicity posters which says “Transfarency” by Southwest Airlines which I’m aren’t sure how would that define without providing a minimal customer gratification, which not everyone thinks that money might be the only criteria to check. I’ve been associated with Southwest since long time, but haven’t felt this way where I had to lost valuable time with repeated change/delay in time. Further I was nowhere in a choice but had to wait for hours and hours. At time there were situation with my company where I had backed Southwest for its remarkable service in-spite of contradicting opinions all over. I made all my personal and business trips through this airline but eventually had end up in a situation of bizarre. Expected arrival of journey was 9 p.m and travel home on a emergency, and could't make it because of an undefined delay, In fact I had to drive 9 hrs by road to reach on time, and on return again had faced delay, however I understand weather issues. Nevertheless, such and incident will definitely leave an impression to surf for alternatives."
"So stressful! We went online to get boarding passes and paid extra for early boarding. When it came time to board, there were only four people behind us. Not exactly sure what we paid for. We weren't the only ones that happened to (my partner's seat mates were complaining of it too, mind you they got on early enough to sit together, we didnt). If you don't board early you're stuck with middle seats and grumpy people who don't want you to sit there. One lady in first row piled snacks and drinks in seat beside her. She got away with it. People weren't sure if she was saving the seat. She wasn't. Great airline for rude selfish people, but if you're timid or shy, any other airline will do. I will pay anything extra on any other airline rather than go through that again. Horrible, unethical, airline."
"Los Angeles to Baltimore Washington. Be warned about Southwest Airlines Early Bird check in feature. It has failed to work for me several times now. Your are required to pay an advance fee, which is supposed to get you a check in spot prior to the 24 hour advance check in. Instead, when checking in after the 24 hour time frame, you are assigned the next boarding place, which by then is far back in line. Better to just skip the fee and log in exactly 24 hours ahead, which we all know is a real pain. And if you try to get customer service to respond, be prepared for a 20 min hold on the phone, followed by a representative who could not care less. Southwest is fast succumbing to the fee-for-everything model, which in addition to their escalating prices, makes them just another airline with lousy service. I've been planning a switch for a time, now feels right."
"We have used Southwest Airlines for years, flying frequently. It was,at one time, a great airline. Our last five flights have been nightmares, basically delays causing missed connections and inept, impolite customer service on the ground in Kansas City, Houston, and New York. What has happened to Southwest Airlines? Now, instead of looking for flights on Southwest, I look for ways to avoid this airline."
"Southwest Airlines system apparently hacked on 10/11/15 forcing use of paper carbon boarding passes for entire family. Subsequently, my son who was returning to college the following week was unable to check in for boarding pass since they believed he had not flown the previous week. They wanted $200 more than was quoted on their website during ticketing to get on. My wife spent over 2 hours, including 45 min with a supervisor to no effect. Their response was to call customer relations on Monday morning which is 24 hours after the necessary flight. The bottom line is do not trust or rely on the Southwest Airlines website - it clearly is not accurate and do not expect anyone at Southwest to rectify a situation caused by their incompetence. We have used Southwest Airlines 15-30 times per year for the last 8 years. It appears we will have to return to Delta which offers the same flight for us and they appear to be improving compared to Southwest Airlines which seems to be in serious decline."
"Well after spending 5+ hours in line and there was no end in sight , with swollen legs, I could not stand any longer. Southwest Airlines treated those who missed their early flight with no regard. They started taking people who had later flights and processing them thru and kept us waiting and waiting and waiting. After 5 hours one Southwest Airlines gentlemen walking thru told us we would be on standby with little chance of getting a flight. We we told to come back on Tursday, Southwest Airlines gave little regard and no information to its passengers during this entire process. I am shocked that they did not have management walking and checking with people and seeing to their needs. Such a horrible experience."
"We are at Dallas Love Field right now waiting on a flight that Southwest Airlines delayed because it was not full, and thus not profitable enough for management (flight 29). So we will miss our connecting flight to Harlingen from Houston. SWA says they have \"protected\" us by putting us on the 6:00PM flight instead. Then, the gate agent said that they \"tried to put us an an earlier flight but we must have not checked in early enough.\" Not true. We were here before the recommended check in time. They are dishonest. Never fly SWA."
"Not only did I have to pay over 150 dollars to reschedule my Southwest Airlines flight for 4 hours later, which was the flight I originally wanted. I was told that if I had just shown up late to the airport they could have changed my flight for free. Apparently being nice and calling doesn't pay off. I ended up having to pay almost the original price of the round trip ticket again to get home. They informed me there was nothing they could do even though the whole thing was their fault. Once on the flight my row was skipped over for drinks and snacks. That is understandable, it happens. However, I paid for wifi that never worked."
"We arrived at Ontario Airport approximately 1 hour before the Southwest Airlines flight was due to depart. Our flight was supposed to depart at 1020 hours with a layover in Sacramento and then landing in Portland, Oregon at 1345 hours. At 0950 hours there was an announcement that the flight would be delayed until 1130 hours. This meant that we would not make it to Sacramento on time for our layover in Portland. We went to the Southwest counter and we were told that the only flight we could get on would mean we would have a four hour layover in San Jose and we wouldn't land in Portland until 1915 hours. I explained to the lady that we needed an earlier flight because we were flying to Portland for a family event that started at 1900 hours. She then told me that there was a flight that landed in Portland at 1805 hours, but that was the earliest. So, we reluctantly took that flight. My Fiancee asked about our luggage. She said that our luggage would be on a direct flight and would land in Portland at 1400 hours. I asked her since the luggage was getting there before us where we would pick it up. She said \"Baggage claim\". I understand where baggage is picked up, I'm not an idiot. I just thought since luggage was getting there sooner we would pick it up in a specific area at baggage claim. She handed me the tickets and told me that was it. I had overheard another customer received vouchers so I asked her if we would receive any vouchers for our trouble. She explained that we did not qualify for any vouchers because our flight landed before 1900 hours. We walked away from that counter upset, and promising we would never fly Southwest Airlines again. Deciding that we needed to do something about the lack of customer service, we got back in line to talk to someone else. When we eventually got to the front of the line we spoke to an agent. He explained to us that the flight we had was the earliest he could find for us. My fiancée then explained that we had not received a voucher or anything for our inconvenience. He then gave us two $200 vouchers for future use. We were still upset, but felt a little better about receiving the vouchers. While we were standing near the counter deciding where to go sit down, we overheard another gentleman being very loud and rude to one of the ladies behind the counter. He was on the same flight as us and was upset about not landing in Portland until late at night. Not only did he get on the same flight as we did, but he also received two $200 vouchers and face value for his ticket. I am sure that delays happen often do to inclement weather or maintenance problems and I understand that those problems are out of Southwest Airlines control. It is just very upsetting that someone that was rude and loud received more for his inconvenience than we did. Did we receive less because we were nice? Getting something for a flight being delayed shouldn't depend on the volume of our voice or the rudeness in our tone. This should be about what Southwest Airlines can do to keep customers and what they can do to apologize for missed family events. I am not only upset at the way we were treated, but also the fact that we received almost nothing for the extra seven hours we had to spend at the airport."
"For the most part, the experience was average. Except, there were a few specific instances in which I was extremely frustrated. 1) There was a delay in our flight (this happens), so we landed as soon as our connecting flight was finishing boarding. We stepped off the first plane (from Las Vegas to Austin), ran to the next gate for the next flight (Austin to DC), and as we arrived they were saying our names over the loudspeaker. We got on the flight and the plane was completely full except for our seats which was fine, however the flight attendants were not very kind, and we all felt that we were blamed for being late. However we have zero control in the matter of the other plane making it to the airport in time for the connecting flight. That was very unsettling, and embarrassing, as this was taking place in front of other passengers. 2) I attempted to connect to the WiFi via Southwest for their entertainment. This is free (yet limited) and there was no warning about that. The connection was also poor, so I decided to spend the $8 on the full-access WiFi. It took me over an hour to connect to this, and I needed certain applications on my phone to watch certain shows which I could set-up until after the flight. Again, there was no warning prior to purchasing that additional applications would be needed. Additionally, the connection was poor and I had to constantly refresh (even after paying), which was extremely frustrating. Generally, very limited legroom, and too long of a time getting snacks/refreshments, but I guess you get what you pay for."
"I will never fly Southwest again. If you have a flight that connects and leaves after 2pm you will more likely than not miss the connecting flight and be stranded overnight. They offer no assistance in that event regardless of if it was their fault or not and they will never put you on another airline. They offer frequent flights between LAX and SF Bay Area making it popular with business travelers. The problem is that they routinely cancel flights 20 minutes before departure because the flight is less than half full and then send you on a later flight 2 or 3 hours later making it impossible to schedule and attend meetings the same day. Southwest went from the very best no frills airline 10 years ago to one of the top 10 worst now. I wouldn't use any airline now unless they are a direct flight. For LAX to SF Area use Jet Blue, Virgin America or Alaska Airlines, not Southwest."
"Will never fly this airline again. First of all their scheduling is poor. I got a text every 3 to five minutes with multiple changes in departure time. Times moving forward and back ranging 2 hrs back to 30 min delay. The plane boarded 3 times before they actually departed. The flight itself was 20 min longer than it was supposed to be. The connecting flight departed 10 min before we landed. They tell me that this is common and they don't compensate for this situation. I will pay for extra bags and assigned seating, because I will fly with an airline that care about their customers instead of putting on a front with fancy advertising. Completely unprofessional."
"What a rotten standby policy. If Southwest has openings on flights and you want to go earlier than your scheduled flight they make you pay extra to \"reschedule\" your flight because technically standby is only available to those who have missed a flight! The seat is empty, you've paid for a ticket for a seat on a later flight but Southwest is unwilling to accommodate you."
"The flight from Charlotte was ok, except the staff had no wings for my two daughters who were flying for the first time, and the multiple delays. There were so many problems with the return flight we had to cancel and fly back with Delta Air Lines. Southwest Airlines ground staff were not empathetic at all to the situation of our flight being canceled twice."
"We did a round trip flight to Milwaukee from Boise. We experienced a 7 hour delay in Boise and had to stay in Vegas. They offered no help with lodging or discounted flights etc. Now on the return trip once again we have a 3 hour delay out of Denver. They are supposedly delaying our flight to accommodate passengers on a second incoming flight to Denver. I will never fly Southwest again. Pay 25 bucks a bag and go with another airline - they dropped the ball on our trip."
"First time traveling with Southwest to PUJ from IAD. On August 15, 2015 I traveled from PUJ to MDW. Before departing the airplane, the pilot informed passengers that all flights to Washington were cancelled and to proceed to ticketing. So once I cleared customs, I went upstairs to the ticketing counter and after spending almost an hour in line, I was told my flight to IAD had been cleared. It was around 4:15pm. So they took my baggage and told me to proceed to the gate. I had to go through security again. After spending over 3 hours at the gate, I was informed again the flight had been cancelled. Customer Service said that Southwest had only two flights to IAD on 8/16 and the flights were full and they could get me on a flight on Tuesday. I understand the issue with air traffic control, however FAA stated computers were back in service at 4 pm on 8/15. Southwest only had three to four flights to IAD and my flight was at 8:55 pm. So with only four flights, Southwest could not get the later flights to IAD out? I'm stuck in an airport on standby but the only thing Southwest say is sorry, it wasn't our fault. Southwest needs to do a better job with its flights and with IAD being a major airport, more flights to and from are needed. Southwest also need to branch out to ORD and contract with other airlines to assist in situations like this. Having customers wait for three days to catch another flight without any form of compensation is unacceptable. Offering free baggages and open seating will not keep customers."
"I have been flying with Southwest Airlines for the past 3 months between LAS to BUR, this is the first time my flight got delayed because of weather conditions in Las Vegas on Aug 13, the 5.05 flight. Staff have been friendly and communicating well on delays, after we boarded the flight it was delayed again for 1 hour. While we were waiting on a part I requested a glass of water, the flight attendant refused to give water even though I mentioned I needed to take my medication. Sorry Southwest this will be my last flight."
"Our party of 5 was early to arrive at the airport for check in. Our boarding passes indicated Section C. When boarding they call people with 'A', 'B', and 'C'. We were the only 'c's. When entering the plane, we were all looking for seats 29-33. It didn't take long to figure out these seats/rows did not exist. Over the loud speaker it was announced that they were ready to take of and 'find a seat'. If you see any empty one 'take it'. They must board you by alphabet since we had the initial 'W\" as our last names. This was the same as our flight back, however we had 2 people behind us, so we were one of the last 7 passengers to board. None of us sat together on either flight. If you want to sit together you have to pay an extra $40 per person, for an assigned seat."
"Flightas are always delayed hours and are filthy. Just look at the window sills on every flight compared to every other airline. Black dirt rings and trash in the seat back accompany the dirty seats. If you try to get an earlier flight they want to charge a fee equal to the original ticket cost, and will not let you use you frequent flyer miles to switch flights. Southwest Airlines is a horrible airline."
"My flight was cancelled multiple times making my flight from Atlanta to Baltimore impossible. After waiting 10 hours in the airport I boarded a plane only to be taken off the plane 30 minutes later for \"engine problems\". After hours of cancellations and delays I was finally put on a direct flight to Boston from Atlanta, arriving in Boston 12 hours after I was originally scheduled to arrive. Then, my return flight from Boston to Baltimore was once again cancelled and delayed. I arrived in Baltimore 6 hours after I was suppose to. Next I discovered that my flight from Baltimore to Atlanta was cancelled, all other flights were full, and Southwest won't pay for me to take another airline. I ended up having to take a bus to DC in order to catch a flight to Atlanta. They refused to help or fix any of the problems they created for me and I will never fly with them again."
"Our flight from Baltimore to Tampa on July 11th was the best flight we've had on Southwest. Unfortunately our flight back home from Tampa to Albany wasn't as pleasant. No fault of our flight attendants. I purchased the early bird special option in order to get better seating for my daughter and I. It appeared that we had a decent spot for boarding until it was announced that this would be a connecting flight and there were already 90 people on board. I purchased the early bird to have a better chance at getting an isle seat due to severe claustrophobia. Not only were all the aisle seats taken but my daughter and I weren't even able to sit together. I ended up in a window seat and my daughter ended up in a middle seat two rows back. If that wasn't bad enough, we were pretty much the last people to exit the plane."
"I flew Southwest 5 times in the month of July and was delayed at least 2 hours for every flight. My parents are flying home on Southwest as we speak and are delayed 3 hours. Their plane made it to the runway and now is receiving maintenance while passengers remain on the plane with no a/c. Add at least 2 hours to any trip you book with southwest. Unacceptable service."
"Flight from Seattle to San Jose - flight 923 - landed on time, but the connecting flight to Ontario - flight 4032 - scheduled to leave at 8.30pm was going to be delayed to an unknown time, as the lady behind the counter was telling us that the plane encountered mechanical problems but would post the exact departure time as soon as the plane was airborne. At exactly the same time the PA announcer explained the delay was due to fog over San Diego. Finally and after about two hours delay and the merging of the Phoenix flight with ours, we boarded heading to Ontario."
"Flight 2674 from Ontario to San Jose was delayed about 40 minutes, lady behind counter claimed delay was due to mechanical problems, suggested to carry our luggage on so we can catch up with our connecting flight -flight 862- to Seattle. Unfortunately or maybe fortunately or it could have been planned that way, the flight to Seattle, was also delayed over one hour. Was told 20 people on the same plane boarded the plane heading to Seattle."
"I'm very upset that Southwest has chosen to implement this new boarding system. I'm flying with my 10y/o daughter. I checked in online and received what I thought were seat numbers. No, it was a boarding position. The flight was full and all the \"A boarding positions\" were taken so I couldn't even pay the extra $80 to increase the chances of my child sitting with me on the flight! I don't care where I sit on the plane, however, when I'm traveling with my 10 y/o daughter or any family, it's nice to sit with them. I would rather fly with an airline that assign seats upon check-in than to roll the dice to see if I can sit with my child. My first bag is free but to sit next to my child is $40 per ticket. Spirit Airlines doesn't even charge extra to assign seats to their passengers once they check in and Spirit charges for everything."
"On a recent flight originating from Fort Lauderdale, FL to Richmond, connecting in Atlanta, the plane arrived to the terminal on time and was expected to depart on time. After the incoming passengers exited, the person in charge of boarding made no attempt to load the plane. After a lengthy delay the passengers of flight 1505 were informed that a service technician was addressing a problem and the flight would incur a minor delay. In a confusing and poor miscommunication between the Gate personnel and the gate attendant we were given conflicting and garbled information as to new delays and would be given more updates as soon as the problem was closer to correction. I checked the Arrivals/Departures monitors and saw that numerous incoming and departing Southwest flights were being delayed by hours. Another update around 3 hours later informed us that the scheduled Flight 1505 would not be departing at all. A different plane would be assigned to Fort Lauderdale once it landed from Atlanta. This would be around 10.20 pm. We were finally asked to form a line to make arrangements for whatever Southwest could come up with. My best option was to wait until Monday to get back to Richmond. I tactfully informed the Gate Agent that that was not an option as I had a job to return to. I asked about a flight closer to Richmond, ready to be boarded. I was told that option wasn't available, and there was nothing left. Finally I asked if another flight could get us closer to Richmond, and a rental car be provided to drive the remaining distance. Again, nothing but the travel vouchers were offered. Then a option to book a flight to BWI was available, arriving at 2.00 am. No hotels were available. I again asked about car rental. I was informed Southwest didn't offer or would pay for a rental. No other airline was available either, seems SW doesn't work with anyone else either. We took the flight to BWI, and had to get a rental at 2.00 am. Arriving home at 5.00 am, and with a extreme distaste for the way Southwest treats their paying customers, we decided never to use this carrier again."
"It's become the \"usual now\" I am a loyal Southwest customer, fly 2-3 weeks each month. Now delayed 3+hrs due to maintenance issues in La Guardia. That's 3 substantial, over an hour, delays in last 4 flights. Sure makes it easier to pick other airlines."
"We were advised at Phoenix Airport that the plane would be leaving 45 mins late. Not good for us as we had to connect with an Air New Zealand flight to NZ and the arrival time would leave us rushing to check-in for this flight. Ground staff were very good and got us on to a previous flight due to leave in 20 mins. We made our connection. Earlier in the trip we flew Southwest, LA to Nashville and New Orleans to Phoenix - both flights approx 40 mins late. Also our friends from Canada flew Phoenix to Seattle, same story, about 40-45 mins late leaving. Last Monday, the 13th, our daughter flew from Las Vegas to LA. The plane left 40 mins late. With our future USA trips, we'll be re-thinking our airline travel stategy!"
"I was traveling alone with two children and was told I would board with the A group. Every plane was delayed. Then my returning flights home were delayed. No one could tell me why there were all these delays. Southwest is terrible all around. Then I get on my flight to Rochester only for the flight attendant to say there is no WiFi onboard. My flight was supposed to leave at 10.20pm than changed to 11.35, and I'm still sitting here after midnight."
"The gate/checking was in total disarray. The fare status was not updated, manual time displayed at the gate was outdated and the line was extremely long and stagnant at the gate. Passengers were not receiving adequate resolution or gate agents were not properly trained to address the situation. The gate was later changed with no communication, the boarding started with minimal communication. The flight was overbooked or consolidated with other flights and it was extremely uncomfortable. The flight did not leave at the updated delayed departure time posted. There was no communication from the staff who preferred to just talk to each other rather than the customers."
"Southwest will fly you cheap. And they will be reasonably decent to you while you're flying with them. However if you ever need customer service from them it's different - when I called them, it took 112 minutes (no I'm not kidding) to get a human being on the line. When you're panicking because you've realized your wallet must have fallen out of your purse underneath the seat in front of you, and you just want someone to look for it, there will be no help for you. When you finally get a human being on the line, they will tell you to make a report online, and there's nothing else they're willing to do for you."
"Traveling with a family through Southwest Airlines was terrible because we did not know of the free seating rule, even though our tickets said we had assigned seats. When I asked the attendant about this issue she was rude to me and my family. On our way back we flew through Southwest Airlines as well and were delayed (without explination) we had to spend the night in Chicago, paid for out of pocket! They tried to help us get a hotel but they booked us one in the wrong airport and almost made us pay for two hotel rooms. When we returned back to the Midway airport our next flight was also delayed making us late for work the next day."
"I am beyond disappointed with the delays I have experienced with Southwest Airlines lately. I have had a total of 8 flights with them in the last 6 months and not a single one has left on time. I'm not talking a 15 min delay I'm talking hours. It's not easy flying with a toddler but when you add hours of delays its just miserable. Needless to say I will be flying a different airline on my next trip."
"Well generally Southwest is great with its customers. However, today I have just experienced awful customer service. There were two people transferring from my connecting flight from Baltimore to Columbus. Two, would you think that they would have the luggage at an easy to reach area. Now, can't always blame the airlines for this. Lost luggage happens. However, the reason behind my lost luggage was outrageous. After landing 15 minutes early of the scheduled landing time, my flight waited for an hour on the runway. Almost missed the last connecting flight to Columbus. When announced the terminals, they also noted that Southwest is not responsible for your missed flight, if you do miss it. My flight left at 10.10, I boarded at 10. I enjoy Southwest but unfortunately my last couple of times flying with them have been miserable. The other time, I was at the airport for 10 hours waiting on their planes, because they were delayed in the schedule. Again sometimes you can't do much about it, but figure it out!"
"Flight 448, June 8th. Southwest has the most asinine check in process ever. I tried to check in online, but they refused to give me a boarding pass. Then I tried to check in at the curb and they gave me a boarding pass but wouldn't give one to my wife because she wasn't checking a bag. So we had to check in three times before we knew if we had a seat on the plane or not."
"Southwest Airlines has repeatedly let me and my family down with late-delays arriving late flights not going out at all. This has been the worst experiences of my life. The plane arrived a half hour late when we tried to take off we ended up being 11 in line to take off on the runway (which if there was a line we should be 30 mins ahead of the spot we were in). After waiting an hour on the runway we were unable to take off due to a storm that was off in the distance (not a big deal if they were on time however it was their fault for being late and getting caught in the storm). I have flown SW about 4 times now and not once have had a flight on time. Very poor quality team members I do not recommend this service to anyone trying to connect to a flight at different airport as most likely you will miss that flight."
"5/21 flight 686 Detroit to Atlanta flight 722 Atlanta to Houston. 5/26 flight 4577 out of Houston to Atlanta flight 849 Atlanta to Detroit. Flight down went fine. Flight back different story. Had bad weather in Houston. Did not update flight schedule so we didn't have time to check our bags according to the rules. Guess that is where our mistake was. Flight was delayed 1.5 hours (missing flight attendants) but would not inform us as to how long the delay would be (so the bags stayed with my son in Houston). If we would have known what was going on we could have gone back out to my waiting son and got our checked baggage. Numerous calls same lines of \"really sorry but we can't.......\". Cost me $150 to ship UPS. Ran through Atlanta airport to catch our connecting flight almost missed that. Had to beg then they let us. They really couldn't tell we had a connecting flight that was late? Are you kidding me?"
"May 16 2015. What a disappointment. I have flown SW before and have been very satisfied until yesterday. I flew with my wife son his wife and two grandchildren ages 1 and 3. You could tell right off a couple of stewardess's were not happy we had kids. One was very rude acting as though it was her company. Yes inflight they started crying what are we to do not fly? We did all we could to calm \"the children\" down. It lasted about 1/2 an hr in all believe me it was worse on us as we tried to keep them quiet. The people behind us were making comments out loud and then when we got off the plane we find out from friends of ours in the back of the plane said how the steward's were rudely commenting about our kids. I will say that there was one stewardess older that was compassionate."
"Not allowed off the plane to get dinner during a one hour layover in Chicago. We had a 4 hour flight to Vegas ahead of us and we were told in Atlanta (our originating city) that we would be able to get off and get dinner in Chicago therefore we did not eat in Atlanta. We had 7 hours until we finally landed in Vegas to eat dinner 11.45pm (EST). Rude service refused to let us go and we had to sit on the plane for an hour while other passengers boarded. There was more than enough time to quickly grab food at the fast food venues next door. Very disappointed with the rude staff."
"Traveled with Southwest for the first and definitely last time. They are OK if there are no weather emergencies or other issues: that is how our flight from LaGuardia to Denver CO went. They only failed to announce when passengers with small children can board however we managed to be seated together. Staff service was good otherwise the captain for that flight was excellent. We landed as scheduled baggage was out in no wait. On our way back things got out of hand. The notification about cancelled flight came in too late that could offer only flight to East coast to Dulles in Washington DC and that's your problem how you get to your destination (NY greater area). OK can understand they are not responsible for the weather. We got on the flight to Dulles airport. However Dulles control tower had an incident and flight was diverted to the Baltimore airport (which was supposed to be not accepting Southwest airplanes). We waited three hours there to be refuelled and yes you can get out but for your baggage Southwest carries no responsibility. Not a weather related issue now. They claim no responsibility for the baggage. We could not afford a time to travel back 4-5 hours to Dulles airport from NY to retrieve our bags and had to wait. Got there about 2.30 am car rental with our reservation was closed had to spend more time and money for another rental not to mention the long drive to NYC after extra long trip from Denver. I would say that Southwest staff tries their best in the strict company policy limits. But low-cost savings are not actually saving you anything when situations like that happens and they are not worth it. Not flying with Southwest anymore. Do not recommend."
"Tampa FL to Phoenix AZ on 2/5. Don't waste your money on the extra $25.00 per ticket for each travel day to have Early Bird check in. It is a total waste of money. For our first flight from Tampa FL to Phoenix on 2/5/15 I paid the extra $25 for each ticket and our position in line was A59 and A60. That is supposed to mean that 58 people ahead of us also paid the extra $25 to have expedited boarding. On the return Southwest Flight from Phoenix to Tampa on 2/10 our positions in line were B26 and B27. When I asked the ticket agent at 2 different locations why our boarding passes were so far back I was told that it has to do with: 1) the number of people on the flight (there were 175 people on the flight) so I was told that at least half of them selected the Early Bird check in option. 2) when I got online to purchase my fare tickets and what the fare was (I purchased our tickets on 12/15/14 with the \"Wanna get away\" fare). 3) when I got online to pre-board (I did this exactly 24 hours ahead of boarding time). So to be the 119th person of 175 people on board this plane at least 118 people paid the Early Bird fee? No I asked the people ahead of us in line and they had not paid the extra $25 per ticket per flight. I also asked some of the people in the A line and they had not purchased the Early Bird option. Evaluation: do not spend the extra $25 - it is a total waste of money."
"My only complaint is that individuals and families were trying to \"save\" seats for other people on a full flight. Seating is a first come first served basis. That's the reason for the line up when boarding the plane. If you can't get your boarding passes together then don't expect to sit together. Southwest needs to make an announcement at the beginning of the boarding session to ensure that people know this."
"My family my husband and I and our two children ages 11 and 14 are well seasoned travelers. We live in the NY area and fly out of LaGuardia several times a year. We know LaGuardia is a busy and cramped airport and deal with it. This weekend was the first time we've ever flown Southwest. Southwest is the worst airline we have been on. Who came up with no assigned seating? We were traveling with my 88 year old mother in law who had to stand in \"line B\" while we were in \"line a\". We had to take her luggage because she was not in our seating group and she isn't strong enough to get her suitcase in the overhead bin or savvy enough to pull a suitcase down a cramped aisle. There were no guarantees that my family of five that spend well over $1000 for our flights (in total) were even going to be seated together. Our 11 year old son has anxiety issues and likes to sit by a window when we fly. I never book a flight unless I can see the seating chart and pick our seats before I pay for the flight. This wasn't even an option for us. So I was anxious because I was afraid we would be stuck in separate seats. I had to set my alarm on my phone so I remembered to check in exactly 24 hours in advance so we could secure a good seating assignment. Our flight out of LaGuardia was a nightmare! There's nowhere to sit in the terminal by the gate. So my 88 year old mother in law had to stand until we boarded. There were no TV monitors on telling us when we were going to board. We had been standing in line for about twenty minutes before we realized there wasn't even a plane at the gate. And they had customers singing over the loud speakers as entertainment. They never announced when we were going to start boarding. And once on the plane we sat on the ground for an hour and a half and the pilot never came on and told us we had a delay and how long it was going to be. I do know that I will never fly Southwest again."
"On November 6 2014 flew from West Palm Beach to Las Vegas via Atlanta in Business Select. Had not flow SW in years but it is apparent the service has deteriorated. The open seating is a joke and as well as the Business Select status. Pre Boards get the best seats which are clearly exit rows and the first row. I was traveling with someone who is 6'3\" and 275lbs. and it was torture for them to sit in a very small seat with no leg room to elbow room and hard seats. Staff are rude and have poor attitudes."
"My mother and I arrived into Dayton Ohio last October and surprisingly there was a wheelchair on the jet way. My mother uses a walker but we were advised to use the wheelchair because she would have a difficult time walking all the way to baggage claim. We were taken all the way to baggage claim through the rental car kiosk and then all the way to our rental car. We also had help to load our luggage. Same service on return and I can't say enough good things about it. Taken from the curb to the check in counter and all the way to our gate."
"Live near BWI one of SW biggest hubs. Use SW for short non-stops but even those are becoming intolerable. Flight attendants show up after boarding time. Apparently unconcerned that delay 150 or so people so they can have 10 more minutes to do whatever. Rude instructions when boarding. Told to put my bag in bin down the aisle despite having space above my seat \"to save room for other bags\" unbelievably stupid as I have to go against traffic to retrieve bag now. They've gone from a \"cattle car\" (based on their Southwest origins) to a chicken coop. They advertise heavily \"bags fly free\" - didn't know they meant they would treat live human customers as baggage."
"I was a loyal Southwest customer who hadn't flown in a while. After five flights within the same week all I can say is Southwest isn't what it used to be. For a 6'5\" 200 lb person the new seats are sheer torture. And on every flight I encountered too many passengers being crammed in to too-small planes. It's no surprise that every logistic being run on such a razor's edge makes for a stressful experience. God help you if you have to endure any connecting flights. The schedules are so tight now that they have no time to even clean the planes between boardings and there are lots of delays. What a terrible atmosphere we encountered. The staff tries their best to pretend they aren't running a grim cattle drive but no one is fooled. I guess corporate has decided to maximize volume and profits over any considerations of passenger comfort. Too bad. Southwest used to be different from the sleazy mentalities running most other airlines."
"We have always loved Southwest Airlines. Over the years they have become our \"go to\" airlines. That's why the first time there was mechanical delay we didn't let that impact our view of the airlines. Then in the same week we had another mechanical delay. Now don't get me wrong I would much rather them find out problems while the aircraft is still on the ground! Today ( all delays have been within the same week and half) there is another mechanical delay! This makes three in a short time span. What's going on with Southwest airlines aircraft? As I said before I would rather find problems on the ground but three delays on three different aircraft's all mechanical issues is reason for concern! It turns out a mechanic accidentally opened up the bathroom sewage and it poured out into the aisle of the plane. No one is getting on that plane anytime soon!"
"I will never fly Southwest again. They claim there is no assigned seating but you can purchase \"Early Bird Check- in\" which they claim automatically checks you in 36 hours in advance instead of the usual 24 hours. So I purchased the Early Bird check in plan thinking that my whole family would be able to sit together. (Group A-so I thought). Surprise when I received my boarding passes we were in Group B which means you have less that a 50% chance of your family seating together. I called Southwest and was told that the Early Bird Check in does not guarantee anything it just gives you the best available boarding at that time Well they didn't tell me this when they took my money. So in order to ensure that my family would be together I had to spend more money and purchase First-In boarding passes (Group A) for an additional $40 per person (One way). The plane was small cramped no room to even think about being comfortable. I am an average size man (5'11 195 lbs). I can't imagine how someone bigger must have felt. Then imagine my surprise when the flight attendant announced to the final group of people boarding (Group C) to take the first available seat because they were saving the seats in the back for families so they could sit with their children. Twice I spent money to guarantee my family would sit together because they claim there is no assigned seating and now they are saving seats for families so they can sit together Are they serious!! Either you have assigned seating or you don't. Which is it? It is clear that Southwest doesn't have their act together and I believe they are not worth the hassle. I won't fly them again and certainly would not recommend them to anyone."
"I recently flew with Southwest. I was extremely disappointed in the dysfunctional boarding system. Although I was aware that the Southwest boarding system was different I had no idea how poorly it could work in reality. Long story short: whatever you do do not pay extra for a business select ticket. I needed to travel within the last few weeks from St Louis International airport to Washington Dulles International airport. I would have preferred a direct flight but being able to stow both carryon bags without using gate check is a big plus. In order to get a better seat on the airplane I paid the extra money for a business select ticket. This puts you near the front if not at the front of the line. Southwest seating is first come first serve. On my way to D.C. the system worked well enough although on my first flight I did not get a great seat as I was boarding in position A15. That didn't bother me much the system had worked as designed. My second flight I was first in line and pretty content with the outcome. However on one of my return flights things got extremely frustrating. The problem started when it was time to board after a layover at Midway airport in Chicago. Now I first want to say that I support the idea of allowing people who are handicapped to pre-board. But I do not support the idea of letting them take all the best seats on the plane. My ticket from Midway to St Louis had me boarding in position A1 theoretically the very first passenger to board if not for pre-boarding. There were four pre-board passengers ahead of me. When the gate agent called for pre-boarding around six more family members who were clearly strong healthy adults decided to board with them. Not acceptable. By the time I got on the plane all of the very best seats with extra leg room in the front row where taken. The four very best seats where occupied by the healthy family members who decided that they were entitled to board with their handicapped family members. Why can't Southwest declare the front row an \"exit row\"? It is an exit row! That would prevent pre-boarders from sitting there. What did I pay extra for to get priority seating if Southwest is just going to give those seats away to some very dishonest people? In the end: I paid and they did not deliver. I recommend that if you choose to fly Southwest do not pay extra for the business select ticket. I personally will not be flying Southwest again under any circumstances."
"On-time flights don't exist. I had 2 round trip flights in 2 weeks for a total of 4 departures. All 4 were 20-30 or more minutes late. 100% failure rate for that. Your luggage flies for free but that doesn't outweigh the chronic tardiness issue. If you want in flight entertainment you must download their app but I couldn't ever get it to work. User error I'm sure. At least they provided a quarter of a soda in a cup during the flight. If you book Southwest your flight will be late. That is the Southwest guarantee."
"August 16 flight 74 Indianapolis to Orlando. In great contrast to our August 11 trip from Orlando to Indianapolis (Flt 4453) that provided the usual friendly service from Southwest attendants our experience today was the exact opposite. Upon boarding our experience was very positive with the attendant who seated us and helped with storing our carry-ons. We never saw that person again since she must have been working the back of the plane. The attendants in the front of the plane (a male and female) did their job and that was about it - bare minimum. From the outset when we boarded they seemed to lack interest were detached and somewhat edgy. I noted the male attendant was unnecessary rude to two male passengers when he could have been much more polite in both verbal exchanges that I overheard."
"I heard last week that Southwest is the largest airline in the US now. Unfortunately I think their growth has resulted in decreased novelty and satisfaction. I do fly it on a regular basis because they service MDW from LAX but I find that the amount of space for seats is poor the wifi is the worst that I have found in the market in recent years (I work a lot on planes and SW wifi is very very slow). It is not worth looking at inflight snacks as the quality is so poor. It is now just an airline with less than average amenities."
"I booked a trip to fly from Houston to Lubbock with a stop in Austin. The flight went smoothly from Houston to Austin in Austin I had a 2 hour stopover until my flight to Lubbock I fell asleep and missed my flight and when I went to the gate agent saying that I missed my flight she just shrugged and showed me two boarding passes and said I could get on a flight to Lubbock via Dallas I accepted and she gave me the boarding pass. The flight to Dallas kept getting delayed because of thunderstorms in Dallas. I finally got to Lubbock at 10.50. The next morning I went on Southwest.com and went to see if my points had posted I found out they didn't so I called Southwest and they told me that I didn't receive my points because I missed my original flight. I will never fly Southwest again because they have terrible service."
"Currently on board the plane traveling from Chicago to San Diego using the wifi I purchased for a whopping $8.00. Aside from being able to access a few sites on my iPad (ironically this is one of them) the wifi enabled me to do virtually nothing. I could not open my Netflix/HBO app because they were incapable of connecting to the network so I tried their respective online websites to access my media. Once again the websites were unable to load due to the wifi and I found myself soon discovering more and more entertainment related websites/apps (games/music/etc.) were unable to load. Apparently their definition of wifi limits you to reading Wikipedia articles and twiddling your thumbs while you constantly refresh pages. Needless to say I will not be making this purchasing mistake again however I will be traveling Southwest again in my future as they are still by far the best bang for your buck!"
"FLL to MSP and return. Staff must've taken how to not smile and treat everyone like cattle as part of their classes because on every flight we took (there were 4 total for the round trip) all attendants were almost disgruntled employees. They looked like they \"had\" to be there. An elderly woman who couldn't sit with her young grandchild who was very nervous about that (because of their no assigned seats policy) was delighted when another customer volunteered to switch seats with her before they even started the seat belt instructions and the first flight attendant reprimanded them and then I saw her tell the second attendant who rolled her eyes. Come on that made the flight more enjoyable for everyone plus what was the big deal to them? Our soft drinks took almost the whole flight to get to us and then they ask for your garbage right after you start drinking it. The seats are comfortable enough but there is no perks to paying the extra $12 a ticket for the early bird check in unless you are just partial to a window seat. I got A30-36 boarding most times which is after the first A group picks all the leg room seats. The only thing I like is that you can control whether or not you sit in front of kids if you don't want to you find a seat in front of adults already sitting."
"Went on vacation July 9-18. Flight out to Denver was ok - nothing special. Seats were very cramped. Flight 2068 back from Denver to Boston was horrible! To start flight was delayed twice. We were a party of 4 sitting all the way in the back. From the time we got in the air until about three quarters of the way through the flight the two female flight attendants and one male flight attendant were just horrible. When one of the females came around asking for beverage requests I asked for a coffee. Everyone in my party received their drink except me no coffee. But it got worse! After drinks were served these three attendants proceeded to stand in the back by the bathroom and galley and talk and laugh extremely loudly with no regard whatsoever for all of us in the back of the plane including two toddlers who were trying to sleep. They kept up their loud talking and shrieking laughter for over an hour. It was absolutely horrible and disrespectful. I will never fly Southwest again."
"Southwest's Boarding Process has gotten completely out of control. I haven't flown on Southwest in about a year but my experience on a recent round-trip from Phoenix to Boston with connections proved repeatedly how flyers are abusing Southwest's boarding process. On the first leg I was assigned B38 since I did not pay for EarlyBird seating although I did check in exactly 24 hours before the flight. By the time they got to B31-60 practically the entire flight had boarded. At least 20 people were in the pre-board category about 5 A-list flyers who hadn't gotten an A number boarded after all the A's were called and then another 26 people boarded during \"families and children\". There were less than 30 people remaining to board the plane (which was entirely full) by the time they got to the B31-60 category - when technically there should have been 75-90 people left to board. This experience was repeated on all four flights and was worse when leaving BWI when a group of \"C\" pass holders snuck into the B segment and were not stopped by the gate agent. The final straw was the flight from Chicago to Phoenix. I watched a family walking through the airport to check-in at which point the parents asked for a wheelchair for their young daughter - who had been walking with them up to that point. A wheelchair was commandeered and they were expedited through the TSA check-point. Lo and behold when I arrived at my gate weren't they there - and with a pre-board pass. So clearly another way to bypass Southwest's procedures is just to commandeer a wheelchair and then you get to pre-board. It really is time for Southwest to just start assigning seats; the flying public it has been demonstrated will otherwise continue to outmanoeuvre and get around the \"rules.\""
"Southwest was my 'go-to' airline for the past 20 years. This past week I took a flight from Denver to Boston a 4-hour flight that left 7 hours late. The last 4 hours was attributed to weather. The first 3 hours of delay were never explained. No responsibility taken by Southwest. No coupons offered. I will never under any circumstance purchase a Southwest flight again."
"I'm a loyal Southwest flier and recently had an awful experience. While flying from BWI to JAX we were told we were about to start boarding. They boarded all pre-board passengers then shut the door claiming the plane wasn't ready to board. The loaded and unloaded all luggage for what was later explained to us as an \"oil leak\". This whole time the pre-board passengers were still on the plane with no air what-so-ever. After 15-20 minutes they boarded the rest of the passengers. They then told us that the AC wouldn't properly work because the engine was too hot so we all sat cramped in our seats sweating for the two hour flight. No moving air at all. To say I was disappointed would be an understatement."
"Today was my first time flying with Southwest Airlines and I must say that I am very disappointed. Our connection flight had to be rescheduled by Southwest and by how they scheduled it we had only 30 minutes to make our next flight which turned into 2 minutes when the initial flight was delayed by the airline. Needless to say we did not make our flight. What should have been a five hour travel day turned into an all day travel day which was very long and tiresome for me especially since I am eight months pregnant. It would have made the experience a lot better if Southwest would have somehow reimbursed us for some of the flight or offered us a discount for future flights since the delays were of no fault of our own. The flight attendants were nice and the people at the ticket counters were overall nice but overall the travel experience was very disappointing. Not a fun way to start our babymoon vacation."
"Haven't flown Southwest for quite a while. I am now sitting at the airport in Seattle waiting for my flight to Phoenix the flight has been delayed 3 hrs and they said there are no other flights available. It has been back and forth from a 3 hour delay to a 6 hour delay who knows what time we will actually depart. Doubt I will fly Southwest again."
"I received an early notice that the flight was going to be delayed one hour. Okay that is not a problem. When I got on the flight one hour later I sat for another additional hour! My flight was delayed over two hours one hour was just spent sitting on the plane. Turns out Southwest overbooked the flight. The flight attendants also had no idea what was going on. While on the plane they made an announcement that if anyone would volunteer to go on a later flight they would get reimbursed and have a free round trip flight. Very disorganized. I had a rehearsal dinner to attend that I made only the last few minutes of. I doubt I will fly Southwest anymore."
"After being delayed 4 hours in Raleigh Durham I caught a flight to Baltimore and on to Kansas City. I sat in an aisle seat next to a large 300+ pound man. Obviously I leaned out into the aisle to accommodate for the gentleman. My feet never were in the aisle but my shoulder was. Throughout the 2.5 hour flight I was bumped progressively harder in my shoulder 8 times by the only female flight attendant on staff. Never once when she was walking towards me from the front. Always a fast paced bump to my shoulder as she walked past me in the other direction. Never once an \"excuse me\" or a turn around to see what she'd just hit. Seemed pretty intentional after the last one before landing in KC. Maybe she would be of more use loading bags somewhere away from others?"
"I won't fly Southwest anymore. I was a loyal customer for 13 years. I feel this company has lost sight of there core value Customer service. The idea of adding 6 extra seats to there Boeing 737 configuration is a travesty. The loss of comfort and leg room just to pick up a few extra bucks. My luggage was lost on my last trip from SMF-PDX I was told by the customer service representative that my lost bag (golf clubs) could would not be delivered to Bend OR where I was staying. The new policy of SWA does not provide lost baggage delivery over a distance of 50 miles. So I can wait for the lost bag to arrive later that evening or they would ship it Fed Ex 2-3 business days. That's not going to work when I am only staying for 3 days. The new policy of taking your funds if you miss your flight. I thought that was the reason why the airlines were allowed to oversell flights. So now SWA will oversell the flight and reebook passengers if everyone shows up for the flight. But if you don't show up for the flight they have no problem taking your money with no refund or accommodation."
"My last 4 flights out of Nashville have been delayed anyway from 45 minutes to 3 hours. I am a student and I like flying Southwest because of the flight change policy and 2 free bags. However going forward I may change my airline from Nashville to Boston. I would rather have a layover on-time then a 3 hour delay every time I fly."
"I am thinking of taking a different airline for my future travels. The major reason I had chosen Southwest was the 2 free checked bags but on this last trip there was more damage to the contents of the bags then a fee would have cost me. Since I am pregnant and was tired after my flight I did not check my second bag until the next day and that is when I found the broken items. The bag did not seem damaged and the items where wrapped in towels and other clothes. Customer service said they could not do anything about it though since I did not report it within four hours. So if you choose to use them in the future check your luggage right away."
"Had the worst flight ever from South West. We were stuck on the plane from 9am - 7pm PST with no food. My husband 18 month old baby and I were supposed to fly from Raleigh to Portland Oregon. We noted our layovers in Houston and Kansas City and planned on getting food during the stops. When our first flight landed in Houston we were asked at stay in our seats as they would start boarding the next flight. Same thing happened in Kansas City. There was no optional food we could purchase. We were stuck trying to find whatever we could in the diaper bag to feed our little girl. We had also planned on purchasing WiFi to have our daughter watch Netflix which was also unavailable. Insult to injury the last leg of the flight when I went to change my daughter's diaper the sink in the rear bathroom was clogged and the trash was overflowing. I have tried to email Southwest Airlines in hopes to know my complaints were heard and no response. I have also tried Twitter on multiple occasions."
"Flight 490 Tampa to Albany NY. April 30 2014. Love the free two bags at check-in. Hate the 737-700 seats. I'm 6' 2\" 230 lbs. there is no way I can sit and be comfortable. Those seats are ridiculous."
"I think the boarding process with un-assigned seats is outdated and treats folks like cattle. You have no clue if you will be sitting with the person you are traveling with. On the first flight I had a great seating number had to be re-routed due to plane problems and was near-last on the re-routed flight. Sat in the middle seat (without my travel partner) for four hours. On the way back I checked in 20 hours in advance and was the very last person boarding. How is it that I can check in that early and every single person be seated ahead of me? Again sat in the middle and without my travel partner. The upgrade offer is nothing more than a bribe. I won't fly Southwest again."
"Sitting in SFO waiting for my surprise surprise delayed Southwest flight to Orange County. When I called them this morning to see what the delay was the agent said \"It''s SFO they're always backed up\". Funny thing is I'm here sitting with my sister who has a flight to LAX on time on Virgin airlines not to mention no delays on any of Virgin's flight out of SFO. Sure Southwest is cheaper but if you want to get some where on time or you would prefer not to spend your free time hanging out at an airport don't use Southwest. My flight here was delayed as well. In fact I don't recall an on-time flight with Southwest."
"I had my two minor sons fly from my mom's in OAK to LAX. When they arrived at the airport my mother went about getting them checked in. They were treated as if they were 18 and 25! They were not boarded separately note were they seated by flight attendants. The attendants only offered he usual snack and drink and when they deplaned they were sent off of the plane into LAX terminal unaccompanied! When I asked about the policy we were told that since our 13 year old was over the age of 11 he was responsible for our six year old traveling with him. This is a cash cow low class airline which I will never allow my kids to travel on again! Southwest flight 950 from Oakland to Los Angeles on Friday April 18 2014."
"I have avoided using Southwest in the past as I don't like lines pushing and shoving or unassigned seating. Nonetheless after hearing about SWA's Business Select Class I decided to give them a try. For about $60 more than the walk-up fare Business Select guarantees the passenger a boarding pass in the A1-A15 group thus being among the first to board. I was thrilled when I checked in online and received boarding pass A-1. The gate room seemed fairly empty and Southwest agents were hawking upgrades for $40 to anyone wanting to move up in the short boarding line. Upon boarding the aircraft I discovered that there were already 90 through passengers already on the airplane. Little overhead space available and mostly middle seats. Although the staff was affable and tried their best I found this to be an extremely uncomfortable way to travel and recommend strongly against wasting money for Business Select."
"The airline is fine as far as on time baggage goes through quickly staff are friendly and helpful. However the boarding procedure (no assigned seats) is just a way to charge people for a reasonable line placement. So when considering flying SW with a family that would like sitting together add from 15 to 40 dollars to the price of a ticket and purchase the upgrade. All and all a fine airline for those flying alone but not family friendly."
"My husband and I will avoid Southwest/AirTran at all costs. Vacation to Cabo 3/1/14 with connections in Denver. 1 hour late getting off ground in Milwaukee as plane was over weight and they had to kick 8 people off. Late arrival in Denver forced mad rush to gate in different terminal for connection to Cabo. Returning to Milwaukee 3/10/14 plane was 1 hour late getting in and leaving Cabo which again created havoc in Denver for connection back to Milwaukee. The absolute kicker is they lost both of our bags going to Cabo (30 hours before returned) and returning to Milwaukee (36 hours before returned). Unbelievable incompetence. Your bags fly free - you just don't know where!"
"Las Vegas to Richmond VA. Booked with AirTran but transported by Southwest from LAS to ATL. Biggest problem I have with Southwest is no seat assignment. That's why I picked AirTran. With Southwest I feel like I'm treated like cattle and herded through the process of boarding the plane. I believe AirTran has the right approach for boarding. That is 1) assigned seats and 2) boarding by zones. I can't understand why the general flying public tolerates Southwest's cattle call boarding. Southwest's prices are right but their anywhere you want seating is for the birds."
"Vacation to Cabo San Lucas Mexico scheduled 3/1/14. Boarded in Milwaukee with a connection in Denver. When we arrived at check in we were told the flight had been 'overbooked' by 5 passengers. We received the last 2 boarding passes luckily. Upon being seated and waiting for 15 minutes the flight attendant announced that the plane was over-weight and 8 passengers would have to leave. It took another 30 minutes to adjust the weight before we took off - 1 hour after schedule. Upon arriving in Denver an hour late we had to rush to another terminal to catch our connecting flight to Cabo. Flight to Cabo went on schedule until standing at the luggage carousel our 2 pieces of checked luggage never came out. It was not until 30 hours later that our luggage finally showed up. On our return when we checked in at the airport it was announced that our plane was delayed an hour. Taking off to Denver again we realized we were facing a potential connect issue again. Once entering the U.S. we needed to go through customs in Denver before boarding our flight to Milwaukee. Once through customs you need to claim your luggage and then recheck it with Southwest/AirTran. We then had to pass through security before racing to another terminal where our gate was located because of late arrival. We boarded the plane and left for Milwaukee arriving at 10pm on-time. We then went to retrieve our luggage and once again our two bags never showed up. It took another 36 hours to get our bags delivered to our home."
"Flew from Nashville-Houston-Dallas last Tuesday. As usual so many people have to bring their suitcases on board with them these days that we leave late. We get to Houston and our connection flight is down they finally get it fixed and we leave out almost an hour late getting into Dallas only to hear they don't know where our luggage is. We later find out that the plane had a lot of freight so they made us wait an hour for our luggage. I live 8 hours (by car) from Dallas and 2 hours from Nashville. Had I driven to Dallas I would have arrived at my hotel 2 hours before I actually got there by flying. On the return trip our flight from Dallas to St. Louis was late and I had to run to my connecting flight to get there before the door was closing. I think this airline is slipping so I intend to start looking at others after always using Southwest without checking."
"We signed up for flight notifications with an email address. We were told at the airport that we had been notified at 11.45 that our flight was cancelled. We had not been notified and neither had anyone else in line around us. Had we been notified we would have known not to leave for our 3 pm flight and not to waste 3 hours going to the airport and standing in line to change our flight. Why were there only 3 customer service people handling the hundreds of people standing in line? Southwest used to be the \"go to\" airline. No longer. What a disappointment. The customer service rep was polite but really could not have cared less."
"I took this airline from Houston to Orlando and while the flight was smooth I don't really like the seat arrangements. You are assigned a group so if you get a bad group then you can get on the plane with your spouse and not be able to sit together because of no available two seats together."
"Traveled on WN1038 25 Dec San Antonio to Orlando non-stop as a separate domestic segment making up a One World American Airlines KUL-CDG-DFW-SAT/PBI-ORD-LHR-KUL. It was a full flight to a holiday destination at the busiest time of the year. Service was the absolute minimal. Sodas were minimal with just one cup and no top-ups! Legacy carriers would offer the whole can of Dr Pepper for you to enjoy your drink. Southwest of today is definitely not the Southwest of the 80s! If you need a 2nd piece of check in bag then you might want to consider Southwest otherwise stay away."
"Admittedly there was a storm two days before we wanted to arrive in our destination of Indianapolis. They repeatedly lied to us and told us that the Indianapolis airport was closed when there were other airlines flying into Indianapolis from the same airport. They changed our flight 10 times. After they cancelled our flight to Indy they put us on another flight to Louisville airport after we received this confirmation the flight was reinstated but we lost our spot. They never gave us meal vouchers or paid for a hotel. They refused to get us a ticket with any other airline actually flying into Indianapolis too. All in all the worst experience I have eve had with any company."
"Dec 22 - Flt 3308 BDL to Midway and on to LAX. Dec 27 - Flt 774 to Midway Flt 1821 to BDL. Southwest's new seating to increase its profits makes it one of the most uncomfortable airlines I have flown on. They have squeezed two extra rows into a 737 to increase profits at the cost of customer comfort. I am 6'2\" and had my knees crammed against the seat in front of me. SW did offer an \"upgrade\" at check in - access to rows A 1-15 - but that would have cost my wife and me an extra $500! In addition to lack of leg room the new seats barely come to mid- thigh further increasing my discomfort. The touted benefits of no baggage fee (one bag apiece) and friendly staff are no compensation for hours of discomfort."
"I have been on several airlines in my life but Southwest Airlines in my opinion is the worst. The open seating is like a mad zoo. No control people pushing it is the worse possible way I have ever seen to board a plane. Additionally the seats are the smallest and most cramped I've been in. No leg room and a totally miserable experience. I will not fly with them anymore. They have lost me as a customer. However the flight crew is friendly."
"Delayed 4 hours each way from Philadelphia to California. No explanation whatsoever. They put me on a different flight and my luggage on the original flight and then lost my luggage! I would rather walk than take Southwest."
"Flight 3246 from Chicago Midway to Columbus Ohio on 11/4/13. They used to be the cheapest: no longer. They used to have the best service: now they are going to start charging for bags. They used to be on time: I'm sitting 3 hours late in an airport for the 6th time in 4 months!"
"Took flight 2009 from Las Vegas 10/33/2013. Told flight was delayed 30 minutes ended up being over an hour and a half. We were waiting on luggage to arrive from another flight. There were approx. 15-20 people trying to make connections in Austin and they were holding the plane for luggage. Usually great flights not this one. Will have to think twice before flying SW again."
"Yesterday 10/6/2013 my husband and I traveled on flight #320 from Phoenix to SF and although the trip was smooth and uneventful we were disappointed that throughout the entire flight (except the last few minutes for landing) the lights in the cabin were dimmed a bit but were never turned completely off. I can only speak for the two of us but I found it very annoying and not relaxing at all. It turned our two hour flight (that I was looking forward to closing my eyes and relaxing) to one in which I was looking at my watch frequently anxious for the flight to end. Disappointing for sure!"
"Three recent trips on Southwest (AUS-DEN DEN-SMF SFO-PHX). All three were delayed with times ranging from an acceptable 20 mins to a nail biting 75 mins delay which meant we almost missed our connecting flight. Gate agents were all friendly and kept us informed. On board was a different matter with rarely a smile from the flight attendants. Southwest used to be so different from the competition but I don't think this is the case anymore. Free checked bags is certainly an advantage though."
"I recently flew to New York City and my airport was LaGuardia. The flight to New York was fine and went without a problem. However my return flight home where I was on a time crunch was quite different. I recognize that the delay in getting home was due to lighting strikes in the area not an organizational management issue of SW and for safety considerations all flights in and out of LaGuardia were delayed. The terminal at LaGuardia is far too small to accommodate the business for Southwest especially when an unforeseen event occurs as in this case. SW had one Customer Care representative trying to handle a large number of passengers. Finally another representative showed up. Then appeared a supervisor who decided to make an issue with his subordinate about how long his break was to be I have never witnessed such unprofessional behavior at an airline counter as this. It was unbearable in that worn out terminal - nowhere to sit people sitting on the floor in walkways and exit ways. I stood in- line again just to be given misinformation from that same supervisor/manager that there would no problem. After 5.5 hours in that crowed musty terminal I went out of security back down to the check-in counter where I found a representative who was helpful. I don't think I will take SW to New York especially via LaGuardia ever again."
"From Vegas back to San Francisco. In Group B I was one of the first people to board the plane. When I heard my group being called I stood in line in the right number section that was written on my boarding pass. Following the people in line in front of me I presented my boarding pass to the attendant and she responded in such a rude way I never want to fly Southwest again. As I presented my boarding pass without eye contact she handed it back to me. Instead of placing it back in my hand she practically tossed it to me landing on the ground. She instead grumbled this isn't your group. Please wait to board when I call your group. Confused I replied is this group B?” She stared at the pass for a while and responded “Oh I thought I called the wrong group!” And finally let me board. This frustrated me as the attendant didn't make eye contact with me the whole time we were talking. The captain and crew members were unprofessional and laughed many times over the main speaker when making announcements. My flight was on Sunday around 10.30am departing from Vegas. Not such a great way to end my vacation."
"Had the displeasure of flying Flight 2878 (9/2/2013) last night from Dallas to St. Louis. Flight was supposed to depart at 7.05pm but we were in the plane on the ground at 7.25pm when I got a voice mail message from Southwest Airlines to tell me that the flight would leave at 7.25pm. Flight taxied out at 7.35pm and got in position to take off when the flight crew declared a \"Medical Emergency\" and returned to the terminal where we sat until 8.05pm. Finally took off and landed in St. Louis at 9.30pm - 50 minutes late. Sunday night flights to St. Louis are repeatedly late."
"Our first and last time using Southwest. We flew from New York (LGA) to Chicago (MDW) over the Labor Day weekend. Outbound trip was ok but the return was chaotic. Our return flight was scheduled for an 8pm departure but was delayed to 11pm due to some weather issues which we can understand. However they kept changing the departure status from 11pm to 10.30pm to 9.10pm and then to 9.45pm. When they changed it to 9.10pm this was when we had to scramble to the airport. We managed to make it to Midway but we were scattered on the plane even when we had Boarding group A. Either way it is best to avoid Southwest Airlines at all costs."
"Horrible experience coming home from Disneyworld in Orlando on Saturday August 31. The Southwest flight from Orlando to Chicago missed the connecting flight to Philadelphia by about 10 minutes. We were put on standby for the next flight to Philadelphia 4 hours later but they did not have 4 tickets for my family for that flight (but they sent our checked-in luggage back to Philadelphia on that flight). We were then told at the MDW Southwest desk that there was no flight to Philadelphia for another 3 days but that Southwest was not offering us any overnight lodging or meal vouchers. We were incredulous. At least a dozen other Philadelphians were stranded. We finally took city transit to Union Station and grabbed an Amtrak to NYC then were back home in Philadelphia Sunday night."
"HOU-LGA-HOU on 737-300 both ways. Boarding was chaotic; cattle herding people onto the plane was very unusual and not efficient. Seats and aircraft were outdated. Seats were very uncomfortable and gave me little legroom. I found myself having to move around in my seat every 30 seconds. Flight attendants were slow to respond. Inflight entertainment was a SkyMall magazine free viewing of the news networks (FOX ABC etc.) free flight tracking software and slow overpriced wifi for 8 USD. Turbulence was awful coming into LGA. Only good thing about was that you get 2 bags free."
"July 23 flight 2528. Very poor customer service from flight attendant. I realize its been a long day for them but when customer service is 90% of your job the expectation is that you bite your younger when passengers are upset about unexpected plane changes. Her condescending \"Hun\" is unacceptable."
"Southwest is not the on time airline it used to be. I was on a flight from Salt Lake City to Phoenix in march and it was delayed 5 hours. Then my children were flying from Phoenix to Providence as unaccompanied minors in June and they were on the plane and it had an issue so they had to deplane and find another airplane. They arrived 3 hours late and one hour before my husband who was also flying into Providence whose plane was delayed coming from Tampa. So the grandfather had to drive to the airport at 12.30 am to get the kids as they were unaccompanied minors. Now I am on a plane headed to Boston and it is delayed by two hours taking away they night I had planned in the city. I have been a loyal SWA customer but no more."
"I will never fly Southwest again even though they were $300 cheaper than the opposition. I have never had this many flight delays in my 10 years of flying combined that I have had with SWA in the last 2 days! The weather has been good! If you want to save money and don't care about things like arriving/departing on time they aren't that bad. Also I am not a fan of the royal rumble/every man for his own seat scenario that plays out every flight. I sincerely felt as if we were playing musical chair every time that we dumped off another filled-to the seats load that we just picked up on our fourth stop. Putting my bag way in the front and then hiking to the back for my seat wasn't a blast either. All in all the savings in my opinion does not warrant the lack of professional services that should be granted from an airline."
"LAX-LAS-DEN flight delayed due to mechanical problems. After a 2 hr delay gate agent announced we would receive $100 vouchers off future travel. We couldn't re-book on the next flight as it was full. Unfortunately problem was not fixed and flight was canceled 4 hrs after scheduled departure. We were re-booked and arrived 6 hours late. While I understand mechanical issues happen such a long delay is unacceptable on a short 1 hr flight such as LAX-LAS. Southwest should have been able to swap out an aircraft at a major hub such as LAX. Prompt re-booking when the problem was first discovered could have got passengers to their destinations sooner. Otherwise cabin was clean and In-flight service good featuring pretzels peanuts and complimentary soft drinks. The new \"Evolve\" seating is uncomfortable and cramped with 31\" pitch. Admittedly such a lengthy delay is not customary for Southwest but their overall punctuality and cabin comfort has deteriorated in the past few years."
"LAS-SEA first time flying Southwest my whole experience should be described as a visit to the zoo you line to the check in kiosks at airport where you print your boarding pass and insert the bags into the system then line again to see the agent with your tags the funny part is yet to come! Boarding process as someone here said is a cattle car thing they board by groups and family traveling together in different groups start scenes on the gate it delays everything. Onboard crew not well groomed I had the impression they hated being there. The more I fly American legacy carriers the more I stop complaining about Brazilian airlines."
"Badly handled 3-hour delay CMH to DEN flight. This is the first time in my history with Southwest so I don't know who to blame for the misinformation lack of information and lack of concern from the CMH ground personnel. Obviously my unfailing praise for Southwest has been tempered. I hope they do some personnel training so future passengers are treated better. Date of this was 5/20/13."
"The prices are great and the staff on the airplane are always friendly. The staff on the ground/at the gate are always less than desirable. My husband and I have flown Southwest 3 times in the last year from Baltimore and all 3 times I have a seat but he is on Standby. They overbook flights all the time and then act like they're doing me a favor by finding someone else to take a later flight. I paid for my ticket(s) at least 2-3 months in advance. The customer service is absolutely awful at BWI. Never again."
"Our flight from San Jose to Phoenix was cancelled because the Portland flight had a light bulb go out and they took the plane that was designated for Phoenix. We had paid for early bird seating and had numbers A31 & 32 but were given numbers B21 & 22 and had to sit in the middle seats. It was a miserable flight!"
"Got stuck in Kansas City last night due to the storm and was the only flight out before Friday so I jumped on. Well even with the new seating line-up and a B assignment so I was able to snag an aisle seat it still was pretty unpleasant. Plane was full ran out of overhead bins people were grumpy seats seemed really tight and just overall was not a very good experience. I was willing to pay extra for \"business class\" but they were already taken. I might be in the minority however I will gladly pay a little more for an assigned seat plenty of overhead and a slightly less full flight on some of the other carriers that I fly on a weekly basis. This is not an airline for business travelers. Hopefully I won't be seeing myself on a SouthWest flight anytime soon."
"Flew non-stop from Hartford to Las Vegas and back. Flights were delayed and overbooked. No meal service available food consisted of an assortment of mini ritz peanuts etc. Beverage menu was good."
"Most recently I flew round trip from Bradley in Hartford CT to BWI. Southwest is definitely a mixed bag. I guess if you have a small barking dog it's great for you. Unfortunately if you are stuck on the plane in the vicinity of this yapping dog which yapped incessantly for the entire flight it's not so great. If you were lucky enough to get an \"A\" ticket that's wonderful but if you end up with \"C\" like I did that means you are forced to fend for yourself to try and find space in the overstuffed overhead bins. Since I don't check baggage and can never seem to be lucky enough to get an \"A\" ticket I'll only fly Southwest out of sheer necessity. It's always a free-for-all stampede of confusion-in this case the flight was overbooked so you've got people milling about unsure what's up. The space for standing in line for the flight is ludicrous since the line is largely ignored by most-like standing in line at the movie theatre for tickets-all of a sudden people just happen to show up to join their party and cut in front of you without an excuse me or any kind of courtesy whatsoever. Flying on Southwest is like getting on a bus-no assigned seats. You definitely feel like part of the herd only difference is you do get a couple of packages of peanuts and a cold drink from a smiling flight attendant."
"My family and I were given apparent \"seat numbers\" on our tickets which actually just mean the order in which you line up at the gate and the seating was actually open (and poorly organized I might add). I did not purchase the tickets personally and did not know about the open seating policy so I thought someone was in my seat and told a flight attendant about it. She stared at me like I was crazy. It took me quite a while to find a seat on the plane and neither my wife nor myself could sit with our very young daughter in the end. Before the return flight my wife had to get something out of her luggage so we asked an employee if she could get it for her. The woman rolled her eyes at us and scoffed before calling someone to get our luggage. The problem with this airline didn't end there. We waited an hour at baggage claim before they finally started loading bags onto the carousels. Fly with Southwest if you like inefficiency."
"Poor customer service. Daughters first solo flight a disaster. San Diego to Denver to Pittsburgh (no plane change just a stop in Denver). Got to Denver early then delays left hour and 20 minutes late. Get to Pittsburgh not only did her luggage not make it but neither did some other passengers. Filed report. They said they'd call when luggage found no phone call from them. Went to San Diego airport (40 minute trip one way plus parking for a second time) to see if luggage here. No luck."
"After a five hour delay (understandable because it was weather related) we finally boarded our plane to San Francisco via Chicago. It wasn't until Chicago that they told us that our leg to San Francisco was canceled and the plane was now traveling to Los Angeles. Being stranded in Chicago with a five month old is not my idea of a vacation. On the return trip we got routed to Minneapolis (again weather). However when we did get to Chicago we were told we now had to switch planes for the final leg back to CT. We specifically booked flights with no plane change because that is a hassle with an infant. My family will never fly Southwest again."
"I flew from San Antonio to San Diego flight #2523 on 6/29/12. I was not familiar with their boarding system. I did not know what the number pole at the boarding area was for. I wish they had informed passengers that we need to stay in number order. The guy doing the boarding stopped me and made me wait while everyone in my group boarded. I thought that was very rude. I also did not know they put the menu in the back of the seat. When I ask the attendant what they have to drink she was very rude and told me to look at the menu. Their fare is cheap. The seats and aisle are very cramped. My flight was 30 minutes late. They take you from A to B - that is about it. My experience left a sour taste in my mouth. I always thought highly of Southwest but not anymore."
"SLC-DEN-MDW - Flying with my 3 kids and 2 nephews to visit Grandpa in Chicago. On our Denver layover after waiting for 5 hours our flight was canceled due to electrical problems at MDW. We were directed to the SW ticket gate into a line with hundreds of people. After waiting in the line for an hour with 5 kids and hearing other passengers leave the line being told they would not get a flight for 2 days I found a hotel and rented a car for the night. In the morning I called SW to ask about rebooking our canceled flight. The agent told me I had to go to the airport to get someone to do it for me. She confirmed that my only option to get on a SW flight would be to drag 5 kids to the airport to wait for the next available flight in 40 hours and hope we got on that one. That is not a reasonable option so we rented a minivan in Denver and drove to Chicago. SW also lost our luggage. Multiple attempts to call resulted in no one helping us. When we arrived in Chicago went to Midway and the bag was sitting there. I am so frustrated with an industry that is all take no give. You make them all these guarantees jump through their hoops and they give you nothing in return not even a refund when their product fails."
"Southwest gets zero stars for one reason and one reason only. Their \"Open Seating\" policy. Bags fly free but at SW passengers are just another bag. You pay good money to stand in a cattle chute and then maybe have to ask someone's permission to sit in a seat if you are not lucky enough to get a good boarding position. With other airlines I know I will have a seat of my choosing no matter when I board. This is called \"Customer Service\" which is apparently a foreign concept to SW."
"Flew from Vegas to Chicago. Once we got the Vegas airport we noticed a very disgruntled vibe. The usually happy Southwest employees were very grouchy and seemed bothered to be there. We boarded the plane actually got the very first seat with tons of leg room and finally had the opportunity to stretch out for the long ride home. From the moment the plane was to take off the complaining started. I guess there was some sort of issue with the transair merger and the flight attendant union because that is all I heard about for the entire flight. They just went on and on as if they were out for coffee at some cafe. I don't even think they realized how inappropriate it was to complain while they were on the job and within earshot of customers. It made us very uncomfortable and annoyed. Once we landed and all of bags didn't make it that kind of sealed the deal for us. No more Southwest. Beware when you check your bags you may not see them again. We did get our bag back at midnight so we were the lucky ones. I guess the \"we don't really care\" attitude of Southwest is my major complaint."
"When my flight was changed I thought my seat was guaranteed - after waiting 6 hours at the airport and finally on the plane I got called to the front just to get pulled for another passenger and then was told I need to pay extra to guarantee a seat on the next flight that was another 4 hours away. The worst 11 hours of my life."
"I printed my boarding passes at home I got A50 for departure 6 hours after the printing starting time (24 hours) and for my return I got A44 printed only 20 minutes after the beginning of the 24 hours window. So whether you print your boarding pass early or late makes no difference. At the airport there are no instructions about the boarding process. So finally I stood in line with the rest. On my return they had 2.5 hours delay the excuse being the weather in Houston. On the return trip the flight attendants gossiped and laughed loudly like 2 schoolgirls preventing us the exhausted passengers from getting a bit of rest. All in all do your best to avoid Southwest even if you pay a little more."
"As a family of four with children ages 7 and 11 we had to sit in 3 different locations both on our flight to Florida and our return trip. This was unacceptable and staff simply shrugged and said there was nothing they could do about it. They did ask a single passenger to move so that our 7 year old be permitted to sit with his mother on the return flight. I would very highly recommend against any and all families ever even considering to fly Southwest airlines."
"I fly Southwest frequently and until my most recent flight I have been a satisfied customer. Last flight was my first on a plane with their redesigned/reconfigured interior. There is simply less legroom with the new seat configuration. I was cramped and uncomfortable. The seats themselves are very nice but if you are 6 ft or taller you will be uncomfortable. The purpose of this review is to simply give a heads up to people whose height might make a long trip very uncomfortable."
"LAS-OMA-LAS. I like flying Southwest because it's the most hassle-free airline in the US. However the plane I took yesterday was filthy and I am not talking about dirt from the last flight. This dirt was on the carpet and side of seats. Food particles dried up soda chewing gum etc. Keeping a cabin clean is easy and should be paramount."
"Roundtrip between Baltimore and Greenville SC. Had to leave very early and change in Chicago on the way out which does not make sense. Dislike the general admission seating cattle call. Some passengers were very rude about it on the return flight. Will be sticking with United or another legacy carrier from here on out. Might pay a little more but would rather have a more comfortable flight."
"We recently traveled as a family of 4 with children aged 7 and 11. Due to the fact that there is no reserved seating we were forced to sit in 3 very separate places throughout the plane on both outgoing and incoming flights. Both flights were very miserable. Their rates may be low but do remember the old adage \"you get what you pay for\"!"
"Avoid if you are travelling with children over 4 years of age. My wife 5 year old son and I were unable to obtain a boarding pass prior to our arrival at the airport and as a result under Southwest's \"open-seat\" policy we boarded when only single seats were available. My wife politely asked if any passenger would be willing to move so our son could sit with her and no one responded. The flight attendant did not attempt to assist us despite witnessing our dilemma. Fortunately a sympathetic passenger finally offered to move to allow my wife to sit with our son. It appears Southwest has decided that 5 year old children are sufficiently mature to sit apart from their parents on 3 hour flights. I recommend that you avoid Southwest if you are flying with children over the age of 4 or your family may be placed in the same position as mine."
"In the past I have always been very happy with Southwest however after today I am extremely upset. I had purchased a ticket of which I was not able to use. They were able to extend the unused ticket for 1 year. Today I called to attempt to use the ticket only to find out that I will not be able to use the credit as my trip is 2 weeks beyond the 1 year mark. I called customer service to request an extension ($50.00 fee of which I would happily pay). I am told that I have to wait for the credit to expire prior to their ability to extend the credit. I would then take the risk of not being able to get the flights I need for my upcoming trip. Poor Customer Service Southwest."
"This was my first time flying Southwest. I've used United an Delta most other times and now I know why. There is absolutely no room on these planes. your knees are all but touching the seat in front of you and the seats are way too small. I weigh 128lbs and I was very uncomfortable. I was hot and miserable. The captain never spoke to us during the flight. I've never had that happen with any other airline."
"Boston to Norfolk via Baltimore early morning. Boston to Baltimore fine but probably only because the flight was nearly empty and I could sleep. Legroom better than on other legacy carriers. Baltimore to Norfolk a horror. A very loud stewardess with a grating Southern accent spent the whole flight on the PA yelling about seatbelts how no drinks would be served due to turbulence (there was no turbulence) how no one could get out of his seat due to turbulence (there was no turbulence) how cute all the screaming babies onboard were and lastly in signature creepy Americana how there were soldiers or something onboard so to give them a loud round of applause for their service. So loud applause and the obnoxious loud flight crew prevented me from getting any sleep on the flight. I understand Southwest has a particular style - a kitsch-laden obnoxious style. It's not for me. At least the bags were free."
"Service was good out of PBI plane looked a little tired but seats comfortable. Upon arriving in BWI connecting flight to LGA was delayed 2.5 hrs. They need to improve their LGA service. Got there but late. Still a great airline."
"A mixed-bag trip from Seattle to Washington Dulles . On the plus side I had to change my itinerary at the last minute and was able to do so on Southwest at minimal cost. Flight out was uneventful. Flight back terrible I was stuck in Midway after a Dulles delay the airline stated was a mechanical problem but they refused to provide a hotel voucher. I had to find and pay for my own hotel. The gate agent was very rude."
"Is Southwest becoming too big? It used to be one of the few airlines I could rely on for great customer service and quality. But it seems that with the acquisition of Airtran they also acquired the bad habits of big airlines. My last trip with them was a headache that cost me $500. I got stuck in Chicago for one night and received attitude from the crew when I tried to address the issue. It is great that they don't charge for luggage but I'm curious to see how long that is going to last."
"Beware more and more Southwest is just another airline. Latest casualty is the previously elegant Rapid Rewards program which used to be 16 credits=1 free flight virtually no restrictions. It has now devolved into just another points system with ever more restrictions. During the transition they are still using Awards which was the mechanism by which you reaped the reward of a free flight. But do not convert points into an award - if you do so mistakenly you will never get them converted back into points. Found this out trying to book a flight by converting to award first which was akin to the previous protocol but the flight had \"no\" award seats available. You could buy a seat with your points but after conversion to award I didn't have enough points available and Southwest has made their system physically incapable of correcting the conversion not even during this period of new learning for their customers. They make no statement that I could find that such conversions are irrevocable. In other words if you make a mistake too bad - you can pay for a ticket but Southwest won't help you correct your points v. award error and you have to wait for another flight within the coming year to use it. Yes the award expires though the points do not while you continue to generate trip activity."
"Travelled Southwest for the first time round trip Manchester Phoenix. Cannot understand the open seating \"gimmick\" this airline uses. On the return trip we were not able to participate in the competition to call within 24 hours and get an \"earlier\" boarding assignment as we were travelling in a remote area with no cell coverage. Therefore as we were among the last to board we (and many other couples) were not able to sit together. The flight attendants \"helped\" by continuing to instruct us to just \"find a seat single seats only available\". We ended up separated by 20 rows. The reason for this practice must have something to do with saving the airline money because there is no apparent benefit for passengers. But the on line seat selection process that all the other airlines use is obviously computerized and can't cost much if anything to oversee so why does Southwest do this?? Certainly feels like one of those brilliant ideas the management team comes up with that blindly ignores the needs of some passengers. Won't fly Southwest again."
"Midway to Washington on very full and very cramped aircraft in cramped seats. I would not care to sit like that for more than a couple of hours. It's efficient cheap and easy to use and fine if you are of slim build."
"DEN-LAS return. Bags do fly free. Online check in is fine. Bag drop at Denver fast enough for those checked-in. Swift flight down. Soft drinks & peanuts handed out. OK in flight magazine. Uneventful. Return journey was terrible. 6am flight. Checked in OK but no staff appeared until 4.45am by which time a massive queue had formed. We hardly had time to get a snack before boarding but then had to wait on the plane for other late folk. Laughable. I can see where they save money: reduce staffing. Arrived in Denver OK but really it is quite a flimsy airline as the service in Las Vegas shows."
"As a young inexperienced traveler I relied on our travel agent to recommend the best airline for our honeymoon. She recommended Southwest as the best. We book at a reasonable rate for the holiday season as soon as tickets became available. Everything was good to go until we got our tickets with no seat number. We ended up being one of the last people on the plane with only a few middle seat left scattered across the plane when we got on. Then we saw an open pair together only to be rudely told by a stewardess that they were reserved in case another family boarded. I politely said how about a new family we just got married. She rudely said no find a seat and turned around. Luckily a kind man gave us his seat so we could sit together but the rest of the trip we full of rude comments from the stewardess about how she couldn't believe he moved!"
"More and more disenchanted with Southwest. Used them three times this summer and the experience got worse each time. Southwest check in and other representatives rude. No wonder the bags fly free Southwest has no intention of taking reasonable care with them. Now we have discovered that they make you sign a waiver saying that they aren't responsible if your golf clubs don't arrive at your destination or if they are damaged in transit. Also on our last two flights the attendants made the safety briefing into a real joke and didn't even complete it properly. It is nice to try to make flying fun but I think that they are crossing the line. Not all customers are frequent flyers who are familiar with the safety aspects of a plane. They used to be my favorite airline but not anymore. They are not always the least expensive and definitely lack customer service."
