"x"
"Verified Review | Absolutely avoid Spirit at all costs. They scam customers by advertising inexpensive flights, then requiring additional fees for a seat, not for changing or upgrading a seat, just to sit on the plane. With a seat, one checked bag, and no carry-on, I paid over $100 more for the flight from Orlando to Newark. Upon arriving to the airline baggage drop area, there were hundreds of people stretching out into other sections of the airport, and three people managing checked bags. After disembarking, I waited over an hour for my checked bag. They don't care and just want to take advantage of you and squeeze you for money wherever they can."
"Verified Review | I flew Spirit Airlines from San Diego to Las Vegas. If you do fly this dreadful airline, be sure to check in online the night before because it will cost an extra $10 per person if you do it at the airport. Also, don't even pack a carry-on larger than a backpack. For small rolling bags, they charge $45 if you check in online, and $55 at the airport. Yes. For a carry on. Also, when you buy a ticket, the seat isn't included in the price. Be prepared to drop another $5-$10 on your seat. If you thought that you'd at least get a complimentary water or juice on the plane, you would be incorrect. $3 for an orange juice. Flight staff was rude and made me uncomfortable. After the safety presentation, the flight attendant said, \"to all who paid attention - thank you! to those who did not - good luck\". Don't book this airline. If I could have given 0 stars, I would have."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Houston to Denver. The absolute worst traveling experience I have ever had. First they may as well take an arm, leg, and your first born child if you have any bags. Secondly, on the flight out here their plane may as well been held together with duct tape and bubble gum. Thirdly, now I'm stuck in Houston because, despite getting to the airport well over an hour before my flight was set to depart, Spirit denied me at the check in because I was \"too late to check in\". Save yourself the time and hassle. Avoid Spirit at all costs."
"Verified Review | Atlantic City to Ft Lauderdale. We arrived at the airport early to find a line filling the entire check in area. When we finally were in sight of the agents (about 40 min. later) we were pulled out of line with a few others and were told the flight was “closed” and we would have to rebook. We were put in another line and after an additional wait were told we could be put on the next flight 5 hours later for a rebooking fee of $100 per ticket. When we politely complained we were told they go through the line to calling the flight. In our conversation with the agent we were told this happens every day, in other words they plan on this to increase revenue. Next trip I will drive a little farther and fly a real airline and never deal with Spirit’s bait and switch schemes again."
"Las Vegas to Orlando. This is the worst airline I have ever been on. They lost my bag, found my bag and told me they would put it on a flight to Jacksonville where I live then called me back and told me no, it would have to be mailed in, it would take over a week and refused to put it on a flight from Orlando to Jacksonville."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Atlanta. This is the second time I have flown with Spirit. I had a horrible experience the first time so I should have learned my lesson. every part of the experience was terrible. Their website crashed while I was trying to check in. So I had to call them. They hide their customer service phone number. I finally found it. Then, they were going to charge me a premium for making arrangements by phone. I hung up and tried online again. It worked that time. I had to pay for my seat and $40 for 1 bag. The overall cost was now more than Southwest, which I should have booked in the first place. I got to the airport to check my bag and the representative was very rude. She wouldn't pull up my information with my driver's license and demanded I show her the boarding pass on my email instead. Very rude about it. I paid a little extra for a business class seat. It wasn't very comfortable and it wouldn't recline. During the flight, the lady behind me kept kicking my seat. I gave her a look to stop but she kept doing it. I then asked for a cup of coffee and they said it was $2.00. Nothing is complimentary with Spirit. If you pay their fare, reserve a seat, and pay for baggage, they are no cheaper than other airlines. If you like terrible service, random seating, and don't take any baggage, Spirit is the airline for you."
"Verified Review | Flew Fort Lauderdale to Newark. I am a frequent flyer and this is my first bad review about anything, this was by far the worst airline I've ever encountered. Spirit Airlines does not offer a glass of water, the seats are very uncomfortable, do not recline, dont have charging ports, no TV. I thought I was getting a good deal booking this flight but just to check my bags was $100 round trip at the airport. The staff are very rude. Thank goodness I was not flying for more than 2hrs, so disappointed in myself for this one."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Oakland to Baltimore. Don't be fooled by the cheap prices. They nickel and dime you to death, so that by the time you've checked (or even carried on) your bags and selected your seats, you're paying just as much as, if not more than as you would for a legitimate airline. They usually take off late, and once you board, you get the privilege of sitting on the comfort-equivalent of a park bench! The seats don't recline, and there's no inflight entertainment whatsoever, even for cross country flights! Oh, and whatever you do, don't be one second later than 45 minutes before the flight is scheduled to depart, or they'll make you reschedule your flight for an additional $99/person, even if there's plenty of time to get to the gate and board the plane. And one more thing, the customer service is rude and completely unsympathetic and unhelpful."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Atlanta. This was a Terrible experience from start to finish. My flight was delayed 4hrs due to not having a pilot to bring our plane to Tampa. They ended up canceling the flight at 1130pm. Since they cancelled the flight so late we ended up not being able to book another flight for that night and subsequently I missed an very important meeting. After arguing and pleading my case I was advised that I would be credited a voucher. Now that I need to use the voucher I am told that it expired and I am out of luck. This is an example of terrible customer service and I will never fly Spirit again. Sad to say I would rather fly Allegiant then deal with this companie's false promises, terrible customer service, and overall lack of professionalism!"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Dallas. This was by far the worst flying experience I've ever had and I have flown American Airlines! There were 3 delays to my flight yesterday with multiple gate changes. Of course, no one was at the counter until later in the evening so it was hard to know what was going on. My flight was supposed to be at 1.00pm but was delayed until 7.05pm! Then on my flight to Philadelphia our aircraft had issues with the air conditioner! We were all sweating and then forced to buy your on board drinks. The $100 dollars I \"saved\" by flying with Spirit was certainly not worth the aggravation. Of course, the final insult to all of this is your $50 voucher, $50 dollars, really? You think $50 dollars will entice me to pay for another flight?"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Dallas. This is by far the worst airline I have ever dealt with. My confirmed flight to Dallas was to leave at 1:00pm - well it is now 6:45pm and hopefully, we are suppose to leave at 7:05. We have had to change gates 3x, had 3 delays, and they gave me a whole 50.00 credit to fly with them again. Seriously? I'd rather walk! If you want to get where you need to be and not have your blood pressure go thru the roof avoid Spirit at all costs."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Denver. My husband and I had one bag. We had flown United with the same bag same weight three days before for $25.00. It was $50 with Spirit. We get to the bag drop and are informed that it is overweight. There limit is 40#. Our bag was 50#. So another $30 is added. $80 total. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Las Vegas. You buy a ticket. Should that mean you have a spot on the plane?? Most would say yes but Spirit Airlines wouldn't. Not only do you pay astronomical prices in bags you don't even get a seat on the plane for which you bought the tickets. Spend more more to fly with a different airline. It's worth it. Thanks Spirit Airlines for ruining my week."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Dallas. I will never be traveling with Spirit Airlines again. I specifically bought my luggage and had it measured to meet the new specifications. I even flew into Dallas from Ft Lauderdale with no extra charge or problem. However, upon my return from Dallas to Ft Lauderdale an attendant proceeded to stop my daughter & me and charged us $130 for both our luggages because they did not meet specifications. This is unacceptable as the measurements were in compliance and attendant was adamant that the wheels disqualified my luggage. I do not understand the inconsistency in Spirit airlines attendants and why we were not charged on our first leg of our trip. Therefore, despite their economical offers, this unprofessional behavior will cause me to never use this airline again."
"Verified Review | Do not buy into their cheap fare, because cheap equates to their customer service as well. My flight from Chicago to Las Vegas was diverted to Phoenix due to a shooting that shut down Las Vegas airport. We sat in the tarmac for 3 hours then decided to deplane us. Later on, we were told a bus was taking us to Vegas. That was 4am, we were given a $7 voucher for food, then the bus will be waiting for us. It's 7am now, and I'm still here, no bus no update whatsoever."
"Verified Review | I booked a flight on Spirit Airlines in July 2017. I was able to cancel the flight and receive a voucher, which was required to be used within 60 days of cancelation. I attempted to use the voucher within the 60 day period, but I was unable to secure a flight as I was in the path of Hurricane Irma and all flights were canceled until further notice. I called Spirit Airlines to try and use the voucher once the Hurricane passed and unfortunately I was outside the 60 day period. The representative at Spirit Airlines informed me that I was outside the expiration date of the voucher and that there was no way to assist me at that time. I had hoped that since other companies, like my credit card company American Express, or car companies, like General Motors, were offering an exception due to the natural disaster, perhaps Spirit , headquartered in Fort Lauderdale where I live and where the hurricane directly hit, might have a heart. They don't. Instead they offered me a travel coupon which required I travel on flexible dates. What would be the purpose of buying a plane ticket without with having uncertainty as to the dates I'm traveling. Spirit Airlines, you need to hire a better PR team and understand that during extraordinary times, it is ok, and sometimes in your best interest as a company, to deviate from your business model to show the community you call home that you have a corporate conscience."
"Verified Review | Spirit has to have the worst customer service! I booked a flight out of Newark to Ft Lauderdale and it was cancelled due to \"bad\" weather, even though every other airline flying to FLL wasn't canceled. The flight was 6:00 am but they canceled it 7:00 pm the night before? How can they say it was because of bad weather? Spirit booked me on the 3:25 pm flight the same day and that was also canceled due to \"bad\" weather. At this point I was already in Ft Lauderdale, we took a 6:30 am Southwest flight from Newark to Ft Lauderdale. So obviously bad weather wasn't the problem since Southwest flight went on time. OK I get it the Spirit flight didn't have enough seats sold so they canceled. I called them to get my refund, after 45 minutes on hold I got through and they said they would credit the entire $374. Just received my AMEX statement they gave me a $314 credit. I will never fly Spirit!"
"Verified Review | Myrtle Beach to Philadelphia. I recently booked a ticket for myself, my two adult sons and my grandson for a trip back home for a family event. We selected Spirit because of the reasonable cost even though the departure airport was 1½ hours from Charleston, SC. The airport location was Myrtle Beach, SC and we drove up there on Thursday, September 14th to spend the night so we would not miss the early morning flight out on Friday, September 15th to Philadelphia, PA. We arrived at the airport bright and early and waited in line to check our bags. After waiting for 30 minutes, one of your staff started yelling for all of those customers who booked the Myrtle Beach to Philadelphia flight, to move to another line because the flight had been cancelled. We were shocked to hear this. I had been notified by email at 4:45 am that morning but failed to read the email. When we got to the desk, my question was “what are our options?” The staff told me to come back the next day which was Saturday. I told her that wouldn’t work because my son would lose the cost of the hotel reservation because he was cancelling without 24 hour notice and we would incur an additional night’s cost for hotel accommodations in Myrtle Beach. We were also attending a family event that evening that was critical to our attendance. There were no other options provided by the Spirit staff member. Her explanation for the cancellation was it was due to the hurricane. I would expect that one, two, three or ever four days after that event, but almost a week was hard to swallow. Apparently, the hurricane did not impact the other two airlines adjacent to Spirit because they were ready and able to assist. Ultimately, I booked with Delta Airlines. Needless to say, this cost me a lot more money for my outgoing flight than what I paid for my Spirit flight and had to fly to Philadelphia via Detroit. Regardless of the harrowing day, we did arrive in time for our family event, with no credit going to any one at Spirit. While waiting for our flight, we checked other options Spirit may have provided had they had any semblance of trying to satisfy their customers. There was a flight to Atlantic City - could have rented a car there and driven to Delaware. A mere 1 hour from our destination. There was a flight to Baltimore - could have rented a car there and driven to Delaware. A mere 1½ hours from our destination. Could have flown into LaGuardia and probably hopped on a short commuter to Philadelphia, but none of these options were provided by the Spirit staff, just come back tomorrow! Because our car was parked at Myrtle Beach airport, we had to arrange for our return flight back to Myrtle Beach and unfortunately, Spirit was our only option. When booking the return flight, I contacted Spirit and asked the representative to waive our checked bag fee due to the additional expenses and inconvenience we encountered and I was told in no uncertain words, No! Didn’t make me happy. Didn't show me Spirit care about their customers. Didn’t make me want to ever book with Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Chicago. I was supposed to take a vacation during in early September. Then hurricane Irma was supposed to hit right when I was going to fly in. When I found out the Orlando airport was getting shut down, I called both companies to move my flights up another week thinking If the hurricane did not hit my destination that it would be back up and running by then. Frontier Airlines gave me no problems, but Spirit was ready to charge me their everyday fee to change my flight. I spoke to a supervisor with Spirit and they allowed me to change it for 1 week later. The following week, my resort was still going to be shut down until almost half way through my stay. I sent an email requesting a refund or credit with frontier and they refunded me with no problem. It looked as though I would need to call Spirit and did so explaining that I would not be in Orlando to take part in their flight from Orlando to Chicago because of the after effects of hurricane Irma. They said they could not do anything for me. The gentleman I sopke with informed me they would need to charge me a cancellation fee and that would cost the whole amount of the 2 one way tickets I had purchased. The gentleman I spoke with obviously had no intentions of actually helping me in any way."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Hartford. Each bag costs between 35-50, both carry-on and checked each way, domestic or international. My flight from Newark to Bogota was cancelled a few hours before it was supposed to take off. Not even a day's or 12 hours notice. I stayed on the phone with customer service for nearly 3 hours to find another flight. They put me on another airline. On the way back aboard Spirit I found out that you must pay for everything. We were delayed getting off the plane because of customs. I did not make my connecting flight, which was scheduled an hour and a half after my first flight. Many others were in the same situation as me with connecting flights to other destinations. I don't know why Spirit would schedule flights close together, why they wouldn't hold flights filled with passengers from their other planes, and why they wouldn't make an effort to ensure their passengers reach their destinations on time. I spent $120 on a hotel room. I should've used that to travel on another airline that isn't as frustrating. While waiting for my new flight, they changed the gate ten minutes prior to boarding. The airplane wasn't at the new gate. At the scheduled time of departure, they made an announcement that the plane would be delayed. Delays are fine, but the fact that it took the airline so long to notify their passengers of the changes is not fine. The seats are ridiculously small with no screens or option to recline. The on board crew was nice and paid careful attention to the safety of the passengers. That was the only good thing about Spirit."
"Verified Review | Newark to Ft Lauderdale. Spirit is unreliable and not necessarily the least expensive option. There are plenty of hidden costs. Since there is a high risk in losing a flight, this translates to hours of wasted time talking with customer service, which is really a useless outsourced buffer. Our flight was cancelled after 5 hr delay in April. We had expenses such as hotel, airport travel, car rental, so Spirit gave us a refund of the flights, along with 2 x $50 vouchers per person (We can't combine the vouchers on a single booking). Although this didn't cover all the expenses, I decided to let it pass. There were a few issues. Vouchers had to be used within 2 months to book two other trips per person (4 tickets in total). I couldn't find any destination for which Spirit was a better option than other airlines. And I was determined to fly to many destinations in order to use the vouchers. I inadvertently allowed vouchers to expire. I've been on hold with their customer service for 1.5 hours, to try and get them extended. They have me bouncing around like a ping pong ball. Everyone says I could've extend them if I called before expiration, which is a ridiculous rule."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Detroit cancelled 10 minutes before boarding because the plane wasn't even there. If they were that delayed we should have had a lot more notice. Second flight Las Vegas to Cleveland cancelled because a flight attendant was late for her shift. Now I'm stuck in the airport from 5am till 7:45pm in hopes of getting a flight with 3 layovers, overnight through a different company and I've received $24 food credit for my trouble? Absolutely ridiculous. Third flight through American airlines was great minus the fact that Spirit didn't put our checked bag ($45) on the ticket or our $20 reserved seats. Worst flying experience ever. I would never recommend Spirit to anyone. If I could pick 0/10 for all questions I absolutely would."
"Verified Review | Worst experience ever! Flight from Detroit to Las Vegas on September 11 was cancelled and rebooked for 12 hours later, then the departing flight from Vegas to Detroit was cancelled. They rebooked us on a flight for the next day. Customer service was horrible. Staff were rude, we were made to stand in a long line just to talk to a ticket agent who didn't seem interested in helping us at all. The only thing they gave us for our trouble was a $7.00 food voucher for having to wait at the airport for 19 hours for our first flight out of Vegas to Minneapolis and then for a 5 hour layover there. We will be getting home 24 hours later than we were supposed to. I would not recommend this airline to my worst enemy. Never ever again!"
"Verified Review | My flight from Minneapolis to Dallas has been canceled and they finally booked us a flight for next day. Their rude staff made us stand in front of check in gate for 4 hours to book a hotel room for non-local passengers, seriously 4 hours. We asked them to call a manager a million times and at the end at 10 pm someone (a supervisor) came and told us there is not any hotel available in the area. It is 4am and we got stuck in this freezing airport. We could not even eat something last night because all security gates were closed at 10 pm. This airline won't take the responsibility of their cancellations and rude staff will not even respect you as customer."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. I'm writing this review as I wait for my Spirit flight. Second time (3rd leg) flying with this airline, by mistake! We made the mistake of quickly purchasing the cheapest tickets without identifying the airline prior to purchase - you know how easy it is to purchase via your phone with just one or two clicks. These guys always delay their flights. The original flight time for the flight that we are currently waiting for was 9:30am, then 12:15pm, then 11:50am, and now the flight time has once again changed until after 1:00pm. Terrible experience with these guys and always have a lame excuse for their tardiness. If you are a business traveler with scheduled meetings to attend, or if you are traveling due to a family emergency, do not use this airline because you will definitely miss your meetings and/or your emergency. Alaska Airlines all the way - they are a little more expensive but worth every dollar!"
"Verified Review | I went to Chicago from New York on 9/7/2017 by Spirit. It seems the ticket price is cheap ($90.40 for round trip), but actually, it is more expensive because of a lot of hidden charges. The carry-on baggage is free for the most airlines except this airline, which charges $67 for one trip. If you select the seat by your self, it may be charged $14 to $50. On the plane, all drinks including water, it is chargeable, etc. It is very hard to reach the phone for customer service."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Detroit. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again! My wife and I got stranded in Las Vegas when Spirit suddenly cancelled all of their flights. They gave us two options: rebook for a flight two days later or take a refund. There was no help with any other options. Beware if you even consider Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | They are cheap, at first, but it will cost you. You have to pay for bags. (If you fly Southwest you don't have to pay for bags). Our flight got canceled. Like many others did. We were stuck at the airport for 12 hours. Their lack of professionalism, customer service and empathy made the experience worse. They're policy is that they do not accommodate - ever. Intel from the airport says they are always having problems. Say they constantly cancel flights and that they come up with different excuses as to why. This time was the storm which had already passed and had not affected many of the destinations people were flying in or out of."
"Verified Review | I called Spirit airlines Monday, September 11, 17 after a cancelled flight. The agent told me the next flight from Santo Domingo to Ft Lauderdale is in Saturday. I specifically asked \"Spirit will not have a flight out of the Dominican to Ft Lauderdale until Saturday?\". He said no. I called again today. I spoke to another agent. She tells me there is a flight tomorrow and another Friday from Santo Domingo to Ft Lauderdale. Per the second agent, Spirit will not correct the first agent's lie without payment from me. This Saturday will be the last time I will ever use Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | Houston to Oakland. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. The flight was delayed by three hours because the flight attendants never showed up. This is a direct quote I received - \"We do not know where the flight attendants are and we do not know when they will get here.\" While I was waiting for my flight in those three hours I saw every single Spirit Airlines flight either get cancelled or delayed by over 2+ hours. It's a terrible airline. Pay the extra money for southwest, delta, etc and save yourself the headache. Seriously."
"Verified Review | I was to fly from Baltimore to San Diego on Sunday 9/10/17 at 7am. I stayed with a friend the night before, so I could get dropped off at the airport. I was informed during check-in that the flight was cancelled. I was starting a new job the next day so it was imperative that I left the day of my booking and not on a flight rescheduled for the next day. I eventually booked on South West Airlines at more 6.5 times the cost (almost $400 more) of what I had booked my flight with Spirit. I was forced to pay this exorbitant price so that I could reach my destination on time. I am very disappointed at being left stranded."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Boston. They cancelled my flight out of Orlando on Sept 8th, before hurricane Irma - while other other major airlines were still departing. They offered me a refund of the second half of my ticket, since they couldn't get me out before the hurricane. It in no way covered the amount I had to pay to get out on a different airline, or the 12 hour car ride to Atlanta, or the stress of dealing with the whole situation. They didn't offer any other kind of credit. So sad, Southwest gave me 150 credit when they cancelled a flight. Horrible customer service is not worth a cheap flight."
"Verified Review | I bought all my tickets 2-3 months in advance. From Boston I was flying to Europe using Lufthansa. For round ticket from Detroit to Boston with Spirit I paid ~ $180. There were no problems from Detroit to Boston but when I arrived from Europe, arround 9pm I found that Spirit cancelled flight to Detroit, that there will not be Spirit flights to Detroit, due to Irma for at least next 24 hours and maybe longer. Spirit was only offering partial refund of around $70, so not even half of the ticket. I was asking them to find me another flight but they refused to do that. I had to go around airport with my luggage to find a flight in the morning. Luckily I found another flight for the next morning for $250 but I had to be without sleep for the second night and lose half of my work day next day. Total losses are around $500. Therefore I will never fly again with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Dallas/Ft Worth to Atlanta. I checked my bag, went thru security & headed to my gate. When I arrived at the gate I found a rather long line of very angry passengers. That was Saturday at 2pm and the flight was due to depart at 3:55. I started to call my husband & saw the flight cancellation email Spirit has sent just 5 minutes before. That means they notified me of the cancellation just 2 hours before departure. When I was finally able to speak with an airline representative they said they could possibly fly me out the next Tuesday which meant I was stuck there for 3 days or possibly even more. They offered no hotel accommodations which meant all expenses were on me! Only refunds or travel credits for future travel. They claimed the cancellation was due to weather but there was not even a cloud in the sky between Atlanta and Dallas. I asked for a refund &and purchased a $327 one way ticket on American Airlines leaving just 10 minutes after my original flight (see flight photo). I waited almost an hour just to retrieve my checked bag and was forced back thru security a second time. I nearly missed My American flight due to their failure to communicate the cancellation to the proper Spirit employees that needed to return the bags to the baggage area. In the end, the savings that I was supposed to have flying Spirit actually cost me more than booking with another airlines for the entire round trip flight."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Minneapolis. Checked in and got my tickets in the morning. Receive 3 different emails about flight being delayed. First time was about 10 minutes, we're thinking on not bad. Second time was about an hour and third was by 2 hours. We arrived at the airport and waited 4 hours for the flight. Kept getting delayed and finally we got an update we will board at 8pm. And then,it got cancelled around 7:50pm. Got rebooked on the next flight out at 8am for a 9 hour flight from Vegas to Minneapolis. They wouldn't even find a place for us to sleep or try to accommodate us for the inconvenience. On top of that, one of the employees commented that \"this is Vegas, this will happen\". Decided to cancel and fly back home with another airline. What I don't understand is, it got cancelled due to weather but other airlines were still flying. Never flying Spirit again, I'd rather pay extra to get home on time that to waste a whole day getting delayed and cancelled."
"Verified Review | Flight was cancelled due to weather from Newark to Houston way before Hurricane Irma made landfall. The route does not even get close to the FL keys. Now it going to get worse and our cancelled flight will get cancelled again because it will get worse. im sure of it. Spirit is the only flight cancelled from Newark to Houston due to weather. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | They cancelled my flight from Orlando to Baltimore and did not make an attempt to accommodate me on a later flight on the same day even though I gave the customer service rep different options. I ended up buying a new ticket with my own money. They offered a e-voucher for future travel and not even a full refund. Who wants to travel with them again after that experience? The customer service is very robotic and they do not try to understand or care to make arrangements on alternate flights. Haven't come across such horrible customer service in all these years of flying with different airlines. Spirit Airlines is the best example of how not to run an airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. I'm 47 years old. I fly about 4 times a year for the past 15 years. I've never experienced the type of delay I've had on this airline. The continuous flight delay is only one of the issues. There are other planes leaving and landing to the same destination from the same place. I don't know why we are the only plane not leaving. Unbelievable. 4.5 hours later and sitting on the plane for 2.5 hours they have just told us again we are about 30 minutes from receiving an update. Not leaving! Just to receive an update. I will never fly this airline again. I do. It recommend this to anyone. The $50 you're saving is not worth it!"
"Verified Review | First time and last time flying Spirit. This is the worst airline I have ever flown. The tickets may look cheap right off the bat, but I promise you in the end they will be the same, if not more, than other airlines. They charge you for absolutely everything. Everyone I've known who has flown airlines has experienced hours of delays, including myself. I was supposed to leave for Las Vegas at 3:42 and instead got grounded for over 2 hours. Asked the cabin employees if we can at least purchase drinks and they told us no. Only way to get food or beverage was to de-board the airplane, which we were told the plane could leave at any moment and they would not wait for us. The seats themselves were small and cramped which was okay based on the cheap tickets, however like before-mentioned you pay for carry on bags, checked bags, food, all beverages, any changes, cancelled flights (even cancelled by the airline), and schedule changes. They give little updates on why you are delayed and how long you will be delayed. Take my advice and pay a little extra money for United or Alaska for way better service, more space, better employees and accurate updates."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Seattle to Los Angeles. Worst airline experience ever. Booked my flight online and thought price was good, but later find out that there are added fees for a seat, fee for 1 carry on, had to pay more than advertised to make a schedule change then flight was late as crew the was stuck in traffic! \"."
"Verified Review | La Guardia to Chicago. Ok flight experience. Everything, and I mean everything, is a la carte, so it's really not that \"low cost\". Our huge complaint in that we paid in advance to check three bags, but only needed to check two. They refused to credit us for one bag either way even though we did not actually check three bags. To make it worse, we were told by check-in agents to \"call customer service\" and they would adjust it. But when we called the next day, they would not credit us because we \"had already flown\". If we had known they would refuse to credit, we would have called the night before each flight to confirm baggage. But why should we have to do that when both check in clerks could see that we only had two bags? We will never fly Spirit again. What a racket."
"Verified Review | Boston to Minneapolis. Well at least we flew. Tried Spirit airlines for the first and likely last time. I fly over 125k a year for work and pleasure, usually try to book with my preferred however cost and direct flights over point. Booked via my credit card travel using points thinking it was a lower cost, addons for baggage I found out later made it not the case. After boarding we were told we'd have less than an hour delay for maintainence to a backup AC. 20 min later we were deplaned. No updates on status the first couple hours. Then people were harrassing the attendents for vague updates after. Happy we actually flew a little over 4 hours later. Used to delays, etc., however flying the bigger airlines they can usually get you out or find a plane quicker unless its a very small limited flight airport. Understand its a small airline trying to compete, but offers no value in cost, comfort, amenities or efficiency. My overall cost for what I got was higher for less than what I could have/should have for Sun Country or Delta."
"Verified Review | Flew Fort Lauderdale to New York. Worst flight ever, after a great vacation, returning home on Spirit Airlines. Depart my vacation on a separate airline, great seats, baggage, customer service, even TV, snacks and refreshments. Spirit Airlines baggage charge 3 times the amount of previous airline ($241.00) for 4 pieces of luggage, girl at counter was rude, not very helpful. Company policy was the only response when asked about fees. Plane packed like sardines, seats small, uncomfortable and does not adjust (5' 9\", 180 pounds). Everything is a charge, including water. Avoid this airline if possible, spend your money wisely, you get what you pay for. Cheap tricks, same prices, only good thing was that we made it home safe."
"Verified Review | On Friday 1st September 2017, my flight from Bogota to Fort Lauderdale was delayed for an unknown reason which shortened the time available to go through emigration, collect my bag, check in again and go for my connection to New York LaGuardia. It seemed very unlikely to be on time for boarding. When waiting for emigration, I and the people in the same situation, ask for help to the Spirit agents without getting any useful answer, help or even comprehension. As I expected, I and a dozen of other people, missed our connection with no other flight going that night. I found myself stuck in Fort Lauderdale with no place to sleep and no assurance to get a flight the following day. I went to the main desk and got told that the next available flight was 4 days later… After 2 hours of discussion I was finally put on stand by for the flights departing on the following day but at this moment I am still in Fort Landerdale and still waiting. I also asked Spirit to pay for the hotel room I had to book in fort Landerdale that night but the supervisor didn’t seem the least concerned about my situation, barely listened to me when exposing my problem and didn’t suggest anything to help in anyway. It seemed to me that Spirit didn’t care at all about its customers and that getting passengers to their final destination is not a priority. About 20 people got stuck at the airport that night some with kids and the airlines wouldn't do anything to help saying that we should have seen that the connection time was too short when we booked the ticket eventhough the first plane was late. I would advise anyone to book another airline to avoid these frequent annoyances."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to La Guardia. This was the worst experience ever. I arrived at the airport with an hour and half. I had already checked in on line as recommended by the website, however I never received my boarding passes even though I paid extra money for seats and carry on baggage. I was waiting on line for over an hour for an agent because the computers were down and could not do it by myself. There was a lot of chaos people yelling trying to get their tickets, and agents were very rude, every-time I tried to ask a question was told that they were busy or they had no knowledge and could not answer me. So ended up with 2 minutes left by the time I reach the gate only to find that the plane was leaving without us. It took another 2 hours before I could get anyone to help. I will never fly with this airline again."
"Verified Review | You definitely get what you pay for with this company. They appear to be cheap but nickel and dime you for every little convenience possible (i.e. legroom, luggage, a comfortable seat, etc..). We had the unfortunate luck of flying back to Houston the day Hurricane Harvey hit. I do understand that this was an unforeseen natural disaster however every single airline had the common sense to cancel the flight the night before. I called Houston airport and verified that all flights were cancelled except Spirit, so when I called Spirit they swore to me the flight was still on time. I called twice the night before and again early in the morning the day of. I checked out of my hotel room and drove 3 hours to the airport and returned my rental car. When I got to baggage check they then informed me the flight was delayed by only 1 hour. I explained again for the 4th time that a hurricane was happening in the area and all other flights were cancelled yet they said it was still going to happen. The time it took me to walk from security checkpoint to the gate is when they finally decided to cancel the flight. At this point I could not turn back without paying an arm and a leg. Had they cancelled the night before, I could have made appropriate arrangements with the hotel and the rental car and not driven 3 hours to get to the airport. When calling Spirit non-customer service they refused to compensate me for my inconvenience and added costs I had to pay to find my way back home."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Fort Lauderdale to Newark. This was the worst experience I've had. First of all, we had to deplane for 'they said 2 hours' but when we all got off, after 15 minutes they said we could board again. They rushed us all to board to then again sit on a plane for almost 40 minutes or more in the scorching heat. If they didn't have any power on the plane what was the rush to make us all board again everyone was sweating and uncomfortable. The staff while boarding were rude and were yelling at the passengers that it wasn't her problem. Honestly this flight might be a money saver but if you value your time and overal experience do not chose this airline. I regret giving this company my money."
"Verified Review | Flew Las Vegas to Cleveland. I had never heard anything good about Spirit Airlines but I wanted to give them a chance since there are limited choices to fly direct from Cleveland to Las Vegas. Since I am above average height, I paid for the option to select my seat (7C) which was near the front of the plane and on the aisle. I printed my boarding pass and waited at the gate. They began boarding the plane and when the agent scanned my boarding pass it was rejected. They re-assigned my seat (31B) to the last row, center without my knowledge. I questioned the agent and she literally screamed at me \"You printed your boarding pass before.\" Whatever that means since my boarding pass was printed when I checked in. I chose not to escalate the situation but I want other travelers to know that this airline is a joke. I would choose Frontier all day over Spirit and I wish United Airlines would continue non-stop service."
"Verified Review | I have never felt the need to write a bad review, but this is a situation I think people should know at they are getting. Spirit Airlines presents itself like a good deal, but it comes with fees for everything and is completely unreliable. They cancelled my flight from Dallas to Boston within 12 hours of boarding time and offered no further flights home for 2 days. At that point when I had to book with another company all the flights were x3 more expensive. Basically, Spirit said that's not their problem and better luck next time, and to add insult to injury \"here's $50 towards your next flight with us\". What? No, Spirit, never again."
"Verified Review | Flew Detroit to Las Vegas. Spirit - where they really want you to have a bad experience. They are beyond rude at this locaton for no apparent reason. Their goal is only to find ways to charge you extra fees for whatever they can. I would rate this airline as the worst compared to all others that I have flown on. It is funny how everybody was talking about how they dislike Spirit and they really try to live up to everyone's poor expectations. Memo to self - fly with anybody other than Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Chicago. I spent nearly two hours trying to get my boarding pass to come up properly on my phone. I would get the email but no barcode, so panicking because I don't want to come here and pay 10-15 dollars for them to print it I have to constantly try and find a way to display it properly, too much work. They need to fix their boarding passes sent to emails. I am traveling with my family and all of our boarding passes are on my phone, I was told I wasn't allowed so and that everyone needed their own boarding passes which is outrageous. The seats don't incline at all, rude people who scan your tickets, and overall just not worth it. Base price of the ticket usually brings you in but what you'll soon find out is that there are lots of hidden fees after that you don't know about. Also waited an hour for my luggage at Las Vegas"
"Verified Review | I purchased 4 seats on a flight from Newark to Orlando. I contacted customer services to ensure that my 9 year old son would not be sitting alone and they wanted me to pay for 2 seats to ensure that he did not have to sit alone. 90% of the flight was vacant! Secondly, I received an email stating that my flight would be delayed by almost 2 hours which means that I will miss the event that I am traveling to. The representatives refused to take accountability and stated that they could not compensate me. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again! I'd rather pay a few more dollars and fly Delta."
"Verified Review | I only review companies if I had a really bad or really good experience. Our experience was horrible. Spirit nickel and dimes you for every little thing. Want to talk to a customer service agent? $10. Have a carry-on? $47. Want a soda during your flight? $3. You want to sit in a seat on the airline? $10-$40. I was afraid to use the bathroom in case they were charging for toilet paper. This is all in addition to the ticket you've already purchased. Stupid fees aside, the cabin and seats are ridiculously uncomfortable. They literally have you packed in like sardines. If you're over 5'7\" plan on having your knees in the back of the person in front of you. The seats are so close that they don't even recline, at all. If you have a mobile device of any kind, plan on charging it before you board, as there are no charging ports whatsoever. While the flight attendants were fine, the customer service people at the terminal were completely rude. Bad experience all around. Don't be fooled by a \"cheap\" ticket - they get you on all their other fees and it comes out the same as if you would fly a normal airline, you know, one with complimentary sodas and reclining seats."
"Verified Review | I will never ever fly with Spirit Airlines again. They were several hours late on both our flights, wrecking our plans and causing additional hotel stays. I literally got told by them \"We don't care. Do you want a refund or not?\" What seemed like a cheap deal just ended up an overpriced cattle hauler when you add all the basics to it and really expensive when you add their consistent delays. This is the second time I have made the mistake of attempting to travel with them and never ever again. Consistently late, consistently rude and consistently disgusting. Please do yourself a favor and spend the little extra and book on a proper airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Las Vegas. Flight there was ok, at least the stewardesses were pretty nice. Seats are so crowed and planes are dirty. On flight home from Vegas to Detroit, the stewardesses were so rude. No friendliness, no checking on guests, they congregated in the back of the plane and laughed and joked the whole trip. Came through and offered \"for purchase\" items right at beginning of flight and never again and it was 4 hr flight. Pilot never got on and shared any info with us, nothing! The toilet was dirty and they locked one of the back restrooms for their use only (the stewardesses). When they were back \"visiting\" they never even moved out of way for people to get through to use the restroom. A total awful experience. Terrible customer service."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. This was my first time flying with Spirit Airlines and was by far the worst flying experience I've ever had. My flight was scheduled to depart at 9:49am but was then delayed 3 times without any sort of explanation. The last delay was for 11:30am and then the flight was canceled. They sent us to the customer service check in desk with zero explanation as to why our flight was just canceled. With an entire planes worth of passengers sprinting through the Seattle airport towards the Spirit desk, there were only 2 customer service employees to \"help\". They were rude, provided no apology, and only offered a refund or to put us on a later flight. An understandably upset customer asked when the next flight with a different airline was and the customer service employee yelled back \"I dont know, google it.\" The next Spirit airlines flight to Los Angeles was for the following week; I ended up getting a different flight through two separate airlines, but it included a layover in San Francisco. There was no compensation whatsoever for the hassle and inconvience. I will never be flying with Spirit airlines again no matter how cheap the ticket is."
"Verified Review | Checking in online for the outbound flight, I am paying for 1 checked bag RT (2x$42.00=$84.00) and seat each way (6C outbound flight, 5C return flight, 2x$20.00=$40.00): total $124.00. Instead of a boarding pass I get a printable page with the message “Minor detected”. The same message page I get when trying to check in online for the return flight. Trying to check in at the airport I am offered to pay again for a seat and I chose random seat. Instead of a boarding pass I get a printout saying to see an agent. I tell the agent about the prepaid seat and she told me that my card was not charged for that so I get a random seat (10E). Two days later, I see the charges of $124.00 on my credit card. Can anyone at Spirit Airlines explain this to me?"
"Verified Review | La Guardia to Ft. Lauderdale. My fault in missing my original flight. As that's it frustrating enough, service from Spirit Airlines staff, (ground and phone service) was terrible. I paid an extra $300 for standby and was not prioritized for the available seating for several flights after my missing flight. Other standbyers that missed their flight as well were placed in front of us after we checked in before them. I feel ground staff agents was picking and choosing on who should be on the next flights. also picked and choose who should pay or not pay. Spoke to ground supervisor and called Spirit Airlines supervisor to verbalize my concern and frustration and they were dismissive to my complaints. Was told \"there's nothing we can do\". We were at the airport over 24 hrs by the time we were considered and placed for the final flight of the day. We were a family of 4 traveling, agent rescheduled 3 of us separate from my 11 year old son, he was rescheduled on a flight without my acknowledgement. How can they book an 11 year old on their own with out an adult companion? Too many discrepancies on this trip. Along with constant delayed flights that caused inconvenience to passengers."
"Verified Review | Terrible value for money. Your ticket is barely cheaper than other airlines, and you have to pay extra for carry ons, personal items, no complementary snacks, etc etc. And on top of that, you will sit in a small, cramped seat because it is a \"budget airline.\" On my flight from Los Angeles to Seattle, I was asked to move to a new seat so that they could reseat someone else and I complied. They later announce on the flight that one random seat will win a free one-way ticket. It turned out to be my original seat that I was assigned. So if I had not cooperated, then I would have been rewarded with a free ticket. But since they re-seated me, someone else got the ticket. This airline always leaves late. Never on time from my experience. Never flying Spirit again!"
"Verified Review | Denver to Punta Cana via Ft Lauderdale. Horrible - will never fly with them again, and I warn everyone against doing so. I booked 2.5 months in advance, paid $170 extra for carry-on and seat assignment (I'm tall and require leg room, 6'5\" 170lbs). Of all 4 flights during this trip, 3/4 were delayed (paperwork coming from corporate was a frequent excuse). The other flight was cancelled. This was my return from a resort in the Dominican Republic. Spirit cited weather in Florida, however the radar was only \"green\" severity storms, absolutely typical for an afternoon in August for Florida. The airport did not close, other airlines remained flying, other Spirit flights remained flying into Ft Lauderdale. I believe this excuse is purely a lie and have found nothing online to verify it. Once my flight was cancelled, I was rebooked on multiple other flights including one 36 hours after my original departure (getting me home to Denver 48 hrs late). Customer service stated they do not rebook passengers on other airlines, they do not provide overnight accommodations, meals or added transportation. I was told escalation was pointless and that no one would be able to help get me out of a foreign country. I've emailed executives (CEO email format is invalid), but found senior customer service emails online."
"Verified Review | I have always heard that Spirit was an awful airline, but I found an affordable ticket from Montego Bay to Fort Lauderdale and thought I'd go for it. When I tried to check in online with one piece of luggage, I was prompted to pay $114. I thought it was a mistake so I went to the airport to get it done. With them chosing my seat, I ended up paying $97 (this is them honoring the online discounted price as a courtesy). Not affordable! As though they didn't get to squeeze enough out of me, they tried to charge me for my laptop bag at the gate. I ended up not paying because several people in line got upset about it. The rep who mentioned paying wasn't even the one who quelled the situation. He was too busy showing authority. I have never had such an experience in my life. The customer service reps were rude and condescending. The ones in Montego Bay are the worst I've ever seen. They behave as though it is a trend to be nasty toward customers. It is not possible for one to even pay me to fly with these people ever again. I will make sure to warn everyone that I hear mentioning flying that they should avoid Spirit Airlines at all cost. By the way, don't even think about getting thirsty. You have to pay for the water."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Baltimore. Flight got cancelled 3 hours before my departure. Lost one day of vacation. A flight which was supposed to be 1.5 hours took me 8 hours after having a layover in Myrtle Beach. As consumption they apparently gave me a $100 voucher which I could use for my next flight. As I tried to use the voucher it came out that this voucher cannot be used on every flight and is just reducing the base fair or whatever. At the end this voucher was nothing worth. I will definitely never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | I should have done my homework on this airline, but I had to book last minute business travel myself from Los Angeles to La Guardia via Dallas. I will never fly Spirit again. When I checked my bag they made no mention of the fact that I would have to exit to baggage claim to pickup my bag during my connection. Due to the late arrival of my flight, I now have to sit outside for 4 hours until security reopens at 4 AM, check my bag again, and go through security once again. Flying is bad enough these days, but the way they do business is ridiculously inconvenient, and it's definitely worth paying a little extra to never deal with this again."
"Verified Review | Latrobe to Myrtle Beach with Spirit Airlines. We were told we would be boarding at 3:15. By 3:30 we were told plane was in SC and we are in PA, but it is broken down, so we are delayed over 4 hrs and the airline has done nothing. I called their customer care, nothing. I asked to talk to a supervisor and nothing. They want to give us a $50 voucher to fly with them again. I urge you to not go cheap, because that's what you get. Thanks Spirit for shortening our vacation! And to the booking agent that told me you are fortunate to even be able to take a vacation, I can't take one. Just now someone came up to tell us that there's nothing else she could do, nothing. Just sad that we have to put up with this and nothing anyone can do about it."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines has rude crew. Very tight and uncomfortable seats. No entertainment. My flight from Oakland to Detroit got delayed for almost 29 hours. With little kids they refused to provide any hotel or food, and claimed the delay is due to weather issues when the weather was nice and the delay was mechanical. I will never travel with Spirit again and do not recommended them."
"Verified Review | Cancelled the flight from La Guardia to Chicago at 4am in the morning. Flight was at 9am. Worst decision to go with Spirit Airlines, and I can only blame on myself for trying to save 50USD. Now I am paying 160USD extra to get a flight back on the same day with American Airlines. Spirit offered me a flight the next day at 9pm. That is a 36 hr delay."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Baltimore. Both in-flight crews (going to and from Seattle) were excellent, but absolutely everything else about Spirit stunk. They advertise cheap flights, and while the original base price was low, by the time everything else was added it was just as expensive as any other airline. This would not have been so bad if the customer service and the aircraft quality would have made up for it. On the planes themselves, all they have as a 'seatback pocket' is a rubber band to hold everything in place. When making my reservation, I didn't care what seat I had as long as it wasn't an emergency exit seat, and yet it would not let me through to finish processing my reservation unless I chose a seat--for which I had to pay hundreds of additional dollars. Granted, most airlines charge for sending luggage through and even for carry-on luggage nowadays, but it was way overpriced. Don't become thirsty while you're onboard, because if you even want so much as water you have to pay extra for that too. I am visually impaired and needed assistance navigating the terminals and retrieving my luggage. The first skycap I encountered (I can't even say who helped me because she didn't) at SeaTac Airport had no clue where anything was, or how to use the phone system to call for an airport shuttle to my hotel. Besides this, she 'tried' to guide me by yanking on and pulling me by the white cane I use in order to navigate my environment. The ticketing people at Spirit shut their counter down in the middle of the day on a weekend at the height of tourist season in a town (Seattle) where many people choose to travel, leaving customers who want to even ask simple questions stuck for hours. Two out of three ticket counter agents employed by Spirit don't even know where their own staff area is. Flying on Spirit was a huge mistake I will never make again."
"Verified Review | Managua to San Diego via Ft Lauderdale. Our flight was delayed due to air traffic and \"weather\". We arrived at Florida 30 minutes late, and our connecting flight was already closed and ready for departure. We have global entry passes so we went through customs faster than everyone else and when we arrived at the recheck luggage counter the Spirit representative told us it was not their fault since it was out of their control. We argued that they booked the connecting flight too close to our arrival, but she said it was not their problem and there was nothing we could do except re book our flight for the next day at 6pm, with no accommodations since \"it was not their fault.\" Or we could get a refund of a portion of our flight and then we could try to get another airline to take us since they did not have any seats available to our destination for that day. She was very inconsiderate to our dilemma. We had a red eye flight and we were exhausted, we told her we wanted to speak to the manager and she sent us to the check-in counter. When we arrived there, and asked to speak to the manager, they made us go through the check-in line. It was so frustrating that no one showed the least empathy for our plight. Finally after waiting for people to check in, we got to speak to a representative that was able to find available seats to our destination for that day. We are currently waiting for that flight. We need to wait for about 11 hours until the next flight. After we had changed our tickets and were ready to get something to eat, I noticed there was an email rescheduling all of the connecting flights we were supposed to get, I guess they decided to change the connecting flight time after all, since this was clearly their fault. Of course, it was too late for my wife and myself to go back and try to catch this flight. Again, very frustrating! This is a cheap airline and you pay for it in ways that you do not expect. We will not use this airline again, their customer service is terrible! There was no compensation of any kind for what we consider to be something they are clearly responsible for: booking a flight too close to the connecting flight time. With United and American, we have never experienced this problem. I guess we will stick to paying a little bit extra for a lot better service."
"Verified Review | Flew Las Vegas to Seattle. This is by far the worst experience I have had with an airline. I fly roughly once a month for work and decided to try this airline out on a package deal I got off of travelocity. When I left Seattle they let my bag (roughly 53 lbs) on with no problem other than the ridiculous $44 baggage fee. Once boarded the seats were extremely uncomfortable, they do not recline and were dirty and the staff were rude. They charge for absolutely everything including water. They ask you to pick up any garbage. They claim you can only bring on a laptop bag or purse for no charge but customers were carrying backpacks. On our way home the airline told me my bag was 17 lbs over weight. And only 40 lbs was allowed. Granted I left Seattle at 53 with no charge. They more or less said I was a liar and could not help me. They said it was going to cost me $55 additional dollars to check my bag. I took a few things out to get it to the 51 lbs and they still charged me $35. They blamed Seattle Airport for not charging me properly. They claim to want to keep the flights cheap but they are nickel and diming you. I was extremely disappointed on all aspects."
"Verified Review | Normally I fly Delta Airlines, since Delta does not fly direct flight from Los Angeles to Chicago O'Hare, I bought a ticket from Spirit Airlines. The day before my flight, I got an email that the flight had been canceled without any reason. So I called their 800 number and got put on hold multiple times to get to the supervisor. Unable to help and understand the situation. They only give refunds on one way only. I had to buy a ticket on United Airlines at a much higher price, Spirit will not reimburse the difference at all. Very courteous supervisor but Spirit management is the one to blame for bad service."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Atlanta to Seattle. This is the most unorganized business I had seen in a long time. The schedule was undetermined throughout my travel. They double booked seats. Charges for everything (bags, water, seats) and the seats were tight, broken and dirty. Not a good flying experience. It certainly is a bait and switch marketing technique. The website is also terrible. Just be aware that cheap rates end up being higher than a reputable airline."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Dallas Ft Worth. Gave Spirit Airlines a trial run since I was booking last minute. The seats are so incredibly uncomfortable; hard, too short (the seat barely went to the 1/2 way point on my legs!), unforgiving. I paid for an \"upgraded\" seat but it was only a seat closer to the front, not an actual upgrade - do not fall into this trap. Also, I thought the seat I upgraded to was surrounded by open seats (thus the selection); it was not. Kudos for trying to be innovative by paying for only what you need - but when you get too cheap on the seating, well, that's a bigger problem. You can literally see the seat frames on the backside - do not let the pictures they post entice you as they are very deceiving. The poor gate agent; rather than helping us board, he also had to be the bag monitor; \"did you pay for that bag, sir?\" The flight was on time and everyone was kind. The 8 seats in front that are about $45 more might be worth it - might. They were at least longer!"
"Verified Review | I flew on Flight 949 from Los Angeles to Oakland at 6:00 AM on July 24th, 2017. I don't expect too much from flying Spirit. I did feel swindled out of my money for Carry-on and Seat Upgrade charges. The website showed only a small purse as a Personal Item and I felt obligated to pay additional fees for my small backpack, as backpacks were pictured on your website as carry-on items. I feel this was a scam because several people had bigger bags than me and didn't pay for them. Secondly, the Seat Upgrade to seat 3D was a joke. The seat was dilapidated and dirty. I also flew from Oakland to Los Angeles at 9:10 PM. This flight was worse! First we waited and waited for 16 late passengers to board. Other airlines would have left as a courtesy to the passengers that were on time. Secondly, some woman was allowed to sit in an upgraded seat 2C that she did not pay for. I clearly heard her ask the person in the row if anyone was sitting there and once he said no, she sat down. The Flight Attendant later asked her if she had paid for the seat and she said yes. Isn’t there a list that they could check and see the truth? Why am I paying $56 each way and this woman sits for free? As we took off, my 3D seat slowly reclined and would not stay in the upright position. I originally purchased my flights with Spirit and was pleased with the price I paid. After all the upgrade fees I paid coupled with my bad experiences on both flights, I don’t think I will ever return to Spirit. Way too many issues to have to deal with."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale. I booked with Spirit Airlines because of the incredibly cheap prices compared to other airlines. I was supposed to fly from New Orleans to Ft Lauderdale using spirit and then had a connecting flight from Ft Lauderdale to Providenciales, Turks and Caicos Island using another airline. Twelve hours before I was getting ready to leave, I received an email stating my flight had been cancelled by Spirit. I searched for another flight to get to Ft.Lauderdale every where but the flights available did not coincide with my connecting flight. A Caribbean vacation completely ruined. My whole vacation has to be rescheduled. I called Spirit Airlines and they are issuing a full refund but of course that takes 7-10 business days. This is the most unprofessional airline I have ever dealt with. Everything cheap is not good. I will never use this airline again. Oh, they did send a $50 voucher for my \"inconvenience\", which was pointless because I won't be booking with them again after this nightmare experience. Guys pay the extra to fly with a more reliable airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Fort Lauderdale to Aguadilla. Spirit has the worst customer service at the highest prices. This is the last time I will fly with them. At the counter where I checked my bag, Spirit reps were calling each other names, joking,, being rude and unprofessional. The flight was delayed by 1 hr with zero notice, but had the audacity to ask ypu to come 2 hrs prior to boarding. And they charged me $52 dollars for 1 checked bag."
"Verified Review | Flew IAH (Houston) to SEA (Seattle). Seven departure time changes = 3 hours delay! Two gate changes. An 11.45 pm arrival time became almost a 3 am arrival time! Customers pay for everything, including water. Spirit Airlines sent a \"complimentary\" receipt (really?). When I say everything, I mean everything. Additionally, they airlines changed the luggage requirements after I made my reservations. Horrible. Also, one of the gates they moved us to was too small - people had to sit on the floor."
"Verified Review | I had a horrible experience during my departure from Orlando Florida, flight 140. My flight was scheduled to leave at 12.11 pm. The initial delay was scheduled for 3.45 pm. The plane started boarding and half way through the boarding process we were told that Spirit Airlines were having issues and everyone needed to get off. At approx. 3.40 pm we were notified that the flight was being delayed again for approx. 6.45 pm and that this time was an estimated time. The flight attendant could not assure me that the flight was leaving at that time and offered to put me on a confirmed flight leaving the next day at 10 am. She said that Spirit dose not give out hotel vouchers so this option was not good for me. I purchased insurance on my flight so I asked for a refund so I could schedule a flight out on another airline, she said the refund would take two days to show up on my card so this option was not good either. This is after waiting for hours. I asked them why was the flight delayed again and I was told that the air traffic in Newark was very busy and many of the flights leaving Orlando was delayed. They asked us to sand by and do not leave the area, It was taking a long time so I asked again \"what is the hold up?\" I was told that it was thunder and lightening and that we could not leave. Another time I overheard then telling someone else it was raining really hard in Newark. Please note that I had a 7 year old child with me and this was becoming very stressful. Needless to say we watched other airlines pull out of the airport during our waiting process. When we finally left at 6.45 pm everyone was happy because the uncertainty was becoming frustrating. When we arrived to Newark Airport there were a mob of people waiting for our flight to arrive, I guess because our delay affect them. While walking through Newark Airport I noticed that Spirit Airlines had the only flights that were delayed. I have flown Spirit Airlines many times and never had this problem. However, some of the customers were saying that this happens every time they fly Spirit and there never flying Spirit again. This is my last time as well. I was very nervous that my granddaughter and I would be spending the night in the airport because it was too expensive for us to leave at that point."
"Verified Review | Flew Baltimore to Costa Rica via Fort Lauderdale. The worst airline experience I have ever had. Our flight was for around 7.30am. They first delayed it until 8.30, then delayed it until 9.30, and then at 9.30 cancelled it for no reason. There was an entire line of people at the gate waiting to board confused as to why it was cancelled. I heard Spirit employees showing attitude to people who were rightfully annoyed about their cancelled flight. After waiting in line at the gate from 9.30am-11.30am, we finally got to the podium and they put us on an American Airlines flight with a 12 hour layover in a city we didn't want to go to! Spirit ruined an entire day of our 5 day vacation, didn't reimburse our hotel room for the night, and I even had to call to get them to refund our bag fees for the flight we didn't even take! On our return flight home, we stood in the check-in line for 2 hours. I watched as the Southwest line next to us just breezed through the check in process and cleared everyone out quickly. We finally checked in and boarded the plane on time (a miracle!). But, we knew it was too good to be true and Spirit was going to mess something up. We ended up sitting on the runway for over an hour because \"the computers were slow and they were manually inputting data\". These people can't get anything right! Also note that the seats on the plane do not recline, water is not free on board, and after bag fees and seat fees Spirit is not even cheaper than Southwest. Do yourself a favor and pay extra money to avoid this airline. The funny thing is Spirit did give me a $50 voucher as an apology, but is worth absolutely nothing to me. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Flew from Fort Lauderdale to Boston. Absolutely the worst airline I have ever flown from all the fees to every flight being delayed. I usually fly Southwest and thought I would give Spirit Airlines a try, I will never fly this airline again. They charge you for everything, even coffee, snacks, drinks and your seat. Their bag fees are ridiculous, staff are rude and have no idea what they are doing I wouldn't recommend this airline to anyone."
"Verified Review | I should have gone over the reviews before booking with Spirit Airlines. I got all emails about checking in online, pay for your baggage online it's cheaper, print your boarding passes it's faster. Did all of that and at 6am this morning I get an email that the flight was cancelled. I called and found out they didn't have enough crew. How they don't have enough crew to work their planes that they knew was leaving? I'll never book with them again."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Las Vegas. I needed a quick get away and found a return trip ticket on Spirit Airlines online. The advertised price was for $299, but with all the add-ons which included \"paper boarding card\" charge, I paid $398.19. Got to the airport and the attendant guaranteed that I could get my return boarding card in Vegas on my return. I was charged for my little carry-on, seat on the plane (even though I didn't request special seating), checking in at the airport. Got on the plane, seats were crammed like sardines. Fast forward to my return, on the day I was meant to return, I realised I didn't get an airline notification like I would from my preferred airline, so I called Spirit to figure out what was going on. To my surprise, i was told that my ticket was a one way ticket, and if i wanted to make it back to MD, i had to buy a one way ticket for almost $400. I contested this over the phone and was advised to speak with a manager at the airport, as I couldn't speak with a manager over the phone. Got to the airport 7 hours before the take off time (because I was desperate to catch the redeye flight out as I had to be at work in the morning), the manager told me that if I was to be in MD, I had to buy a one way ticket. I pulled up a similar advertised return flight for $259, and showed the manager that this was not fair to advertise a price and swap terms after purchase, she disregarded my position. With no choice, I grudgingly paid for a one way leg home, but I will never forget this experience."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Detroit. Kept delaying flight with several excuses : Odor on plane, maintenance issue, ac issue - they boarded passengers just to make them get off the plane 5 minutes later. Then they announced the crew had now \"timed out\" and was going home! Then they announced they may have another crew from incoming flight to take over. Then the announcement that one of the flight attendants from that crew was sick and they cannot fly with incomplete crew. Finally at midnight (when it was too late to get re-booked with another airline) the flight gets cancelled, But we can fly out the next day, from another airport that is only 1 hrs and 45 min away! Unprofessional, dishonest and will never fly Spirit again. I flew with them many times before and was used to rude treatment and being squeezed together like sardines but this broke the camels back."
"Verified Review | Spirit is the worst airline ever. I'm currently at the gate for my flight from Fort Lauderdale to Montego Bay and obviously delayed. There are 6 air line personnel, four attendants and two captains on there phones in front of the kiosk giving out zero information regarding the flight. I ask what the status is and literally all of them rolled there eyes towards me. This is horrible customer service."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Los Angeles to Chicago. Worst airline ever, asked for water and was told I would have to pay and instead offered me some free ice. Seats are extremely uncomfortable, staff are horrible. Pricing is very expensive, yeah you save 100 bucks on the flight but you spend that same 100 bucks on carry on bags therefore you loose flying Spirit! Don't fly this airline, it is horrible!"
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Las Vegas to San Diego. Flight delayed 4 hours. Flight cancelled. Mechanical issue. I get it. But no one to respond to customers with questions. I am getting the run around about a refund. $60 for a carry on duffle bag? Give me a break. Pay for seats again after I bought seats? Ridiculous. Pay extra to board a little earlier? First and last time I will book with Spirit if I don't get some type of customer service! I understand issues happen, but a little information and some help would have been appreciated. Then being told someone will contact me in 72 hours about a refund!? They sure took my money right away!"
"Verified Review | My Spirit Airlines flight from St Thomas to Fort Lauderdale was delayed 3 times up to 2 hours, nearly missing my next flight from Fort Lauderdale to Detroit. When we finally landed they held us in the plane for an extra 30 minutes as apparently there was no open gate. Not only was I going to miss my connecting flight but the gate we were waiting on was my flight so I ended up watching my next flight take off. I'm now spending the night at the airport as that was the last flight to Detroit and construction is preventing me from sleeping. I'm surprised there's no complementary water or snacks for passengers. Carry on along with printing boarding passes costs a pretty penny. Never flying Spirit again."
"Verified Review | San Juan to Orlando via Atlanta. The flight from San Juan to Orlando was delayed 3 times to then been cancelled without explanation. Only 1 agent working at the gate to resolved the issue for almost 100 passengers. I was able to contact customer service via phone and book on flight connecting in Ft Lauderdale. Phone agent assured me my bag was redirected to new flight, gate agent reassured me my bag was redirected to new flight. I landed in Atlanta at 1am and no bag. I was told it was confirmed my bag will land in Atlanta today. I arrived to the airport, I have waited for an hour and baggage claim agent still don't know where my bag is: Puerto Rico, Orlando or Ft Lauderdale. The baggage claim agent has little customer service skills and won't answer with a direct answer any direct questions I have made. Would never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Never going to attempt to fly Spirit again. Got an email on my way to the airport saying my flight from Orlando to New Orleans was canceled. After calling the airline, their solution to my problem was flying me the next day to Houston, with no connections to New Orleans or a voucher which didn't include the money I had spent on a checked bag. I ended up having to buy a last minute ticket with Southwest so I could at least fly into the same city I needed to."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Los Angeles. I had to cancel my flights and emailed Spirit and explained our situation - again and again. The only response I ever received - twice - was an automatic link to provide feedback on how well their Customer Services Department had performed when responding to my query! To think that I bought a ticket with an airline whose customer services are so inexistent. Having failed by email, I tried to call, but the given numbers won’t work from France. The final frustration came when cancelling the flight. I already knew they were planning to rip me off out of all but $70 from my initial $350 bill. Imagine how I felt when I discovered that the $70 refund has 'so generously' been given as a credit note. The USA is famous for providing good customer services but Spirit Airlines seems to be the exception that proves the rule. In the end, via the Internet, I found a US +801 number that worked and spoke to someone, and I asked him for someone's personal Spirit email address as no other email worked. I politely insisted, explaining that calling from France was too expensive to explain all I needed to by phone. After a short pause, I was placed on hold and left there. So, after 2 minutes, I hung up."
"Verified Review | My first and last time with Spirit Airlines flying from Dallas Fort Worth to Phoenix. Booked a last minute flight because the price seemed right. After all the shenanigans I was better off paying the extra $100 to fly American, United or even Southwest! $38 each way for a carry on bag or $47 for a checked bag, $10 to print a boarding pass at the airport, $12-$25 to choose a seat, $6 for priority boarding. I received emails at least 12 hours prior to my flights stating they were already delayed! 1.5 hours on my outbound trip and I'm up to 2.5 hours so far on the return. The flight itself was uneventful and the staff was fairly pleasant. Oh, not even so much as complimentary water in flight. You will pay for any and all refreshments. Luckily I only had a 2 hour non stop flight but I will probably not be choosing this airline again. I will gladly play a little extra for piece of mind!"
"Verified Review | I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again. My fiancé and I were on the way to the airport for our New York to Ft Lauderdale flight and received an email stating the flight will be delayed. Last minute updates have horrible domino effects on destination reservations. Needless to say their luggage limit is only 40lbs for check in luggage. Spirit is like Five Guys, you pay for everything separate, even after paying your air fare, an option comes up to pay for seating, if you desire a specific seat on the flight. There are so many additional fees, its ridiculous. Then on our way back home, of course we get that infamous update email from Spirit telling us our flight will 45mins delayed. Once again all arrangements made for pickup have to be revised. So inconvenient. I've heard stories about Spirit Airlines never leaving on time and I am here to confirm. So if you don't mind getting to your destination when they feel like getting you there, then all means book your flight."
"Verified Review | Don't ever ever fly Spirit Airlines. They could care less about their passengers. Delayed flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas 11 times. Cancelled the flight. Reinstated the flight. I was stuck in the middle of the night and they didn't even offer to help in any way. While I was delayed, two other Spirit flights were also delayed for a very long time. Service desk was very rude and could care less. Never again will I waste my time with this airline."
"Verified Review | If you are planning on flying in the future do not book with Spirit. They cancelled our flight from Orlando FL to Atlantic City NJ, claiming it was \"weather related.\" Meanwhile every other airline was deporting and arriving, including Spirit who was arriving. An hour later Spirit sent out a flight to Atlanta, and claimed they couldn't send our flight out still because it was still \"weather related.\" After requesting to speak with the manager, the airline called the cops instead. One hour later, we finally talked to the manager where they refused to give us a hotel to stay in, a rental car, or a refund. Not to mention the next available flight for Spirit is Thursday (two days later)! So they expect us to pay for a hotel for the next 2 nights, and a rental car. In order to get home tomorrow we had to get a flight with United at 6am to Newark, where I'll have to catch a ride and get dropped off at Atlantic City to pick up my car. Oh, and I'm sleeping in the airport."
"Verified Review | Nothing to see here folks, just another vacation damaged - and nearly doubled in cost - by Spirit. Bought tickets as part of a vacation package in the Dominican Republic. The airline cancelled the flight on the morning of our departure. When we called them to try to get another flight, they offered one leaving two days later. No, you didn't misread that last sentence: two days later. The resort days had already been purchased of course, and days off work had already been scheduled--half the vacation was effectively cancelled. The usual offer of a $50 voucher to apologize. They have promised to refund the flight, but even if it goes through, it will not even begin to offset the cost of the last-minute one-way flights we had to buy from another airline. All in all, the cancellation added $1000 to the real cost of the trip - nearly the same as what we paid for the vacation package in the first place. In future, we will not use this airline. You shouldn't either - not if you want to enjoy your vacation without discovering, on day one of the trip, that it's almost twice as expensive as you thought."
"Verified Review | Houston to Atlanta. Received an email 9 hours before the flight was scheduled to take off that the flight was cancelled. No crew available! Next available flight was the next day. What irritates me was the wording \"if this interrupts your traveling plans please call this number.\" How does this not interrupt travel plans for anyone?"
"Verified Review | First and last time! I had booked two tickets from La Guardia to Chicago O’Hare this past weekend with Spirit Airlines. I have heard some of the horror stories with Spirit, but I thought “Hey it’s only a two-hour flight, how bad could it be?”. Our flight out of LGA, was delayed for at least two hours, with no explanations from staff, nothing. The level of incompetence with these people is totally unacceptable. We finally get on the flight and I could not believe how small the seats were. Fast forward, our return flight, first flight out in the morning at 5:55am was cancelled at least 10 minutes prior to boarding. The level of miscommunication with Spirit staff is unreal! No one knew anything about why it was cancelled. We got rebooked onto another flight, this time with a connection. The flight was delayed for 2 hours. Cancellations and Delays should be the motto."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Las Vegas. I will never use Spirit Airlines again. Two friends and I were confirmed on a flight from Detroit to Las Vegas, departing Saturday 8:15pm. We planned two full days in Vegas, returning Tuesday morning. At 5:00pm Spirit sent an e-mail stating the flight to Vegas was on time. We arrived at the terminal early and at 6:45pm received another e-mail saying our flight was being delayed for 1-1/2 hours. We waited 1-1/2 more hours only to receive another e-mail saying our flight had been cancelled. Spirit automatically booked us on flights leaving the next day. They put my two friends on a different flight leaving in the morning. They put me on another flight scheduled 9 hours later, totally unacceptable! I tried to change to the flight my friends were on but Spirit said that flight was completely sold out. I asked why our flight was cancelled and she said something about “crew”. They could say anything really but it wouldn’t matter - lack of crew, maintenance, mechanical failure, etc. In my opinion, I don’t think they had enough passengers to make it profitable. That’s when I asked for a full refund. The Spirit representative on the phone offered no apologies, alternatives or compensation. She sounded impatient and cancelled my itinerary within minutes. She also told me it will take another 10 days to process my refund. No more Spirit for me !!"
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines is the worst. They canceled my flight from Ft Lauderdale to New Orleans. We had to wait for the next scheduled flight. It seems like they canceled because it wasn't fully sold because there was only about 20 people that had to join the next flight of the day there. Now, on my way home to New Orleans, we are over 3 hours delayed and counting. Just hoping I can ever get home. I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | I'm am very dissatisfied with Spirit Airlines. First off I experienced delays on my first flight from Newark to Orlando, then on my return flight to Newark I not only experienced delays, but the flight was subsequently cancelled with no justifiable explanation. I am very displeased with the service provided."
"Verified Review | I'll not fly Spirit airlines again. The airline routinely cancels flights due to maintenance issues and offers little to nothing to accommodate passengers. This is a reflection of poor management and lack of ability to run a professional business. My recent experience: Houston to San Francisco flight cancelled last minute (at boarding time). The excuse was plane maintenance. This seems to be a common occurance at Spirit according to their customer service. Spirit had very limited options to accommodate us. After two hours in line for customer service. They offered to fly me to cities hundreds of miles away from my destination (not sure how that'd help). Also, they had no options to me to my destination on the same day (remind you it was only 10AM). I had to settle for a refund, and I booked another flight through a major carrier. I understand this is a discount airline, but management has discounted customer value and placed profits over basic customer needs. Overall, this is a poorly run airline in need of a major overhaul."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Detroit. I am so very disappointed in Spirit Airlines. Today I woke up to find out my flight was cancelled. If the answer is weather then I would understand, they cancelled my flight due to not having enough staff and that the next flight won't leave until Monday - two days from now! Because of their inability to provide a service, Me and my wife are stuck in Philadelphia having to pay 2 extra days in a hotel we and both will miss two days of work. I can't believe this is happening to us. We called Spirit asking for a full refund and they told us that they couldn't. Now this trip is costing us both more money than we intended to spend."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Newark. My trip was delayed all day due to \"weather concerns\" although all the other airlines were flying in and out of Newark Liberty all day, including one of their own flights to New Jersey. Their agents at the ticket booth and gate were rude and condescending, and had no customer service training. After waiting 13 hours we were boarded only to wait on the plane for 45min before being told the flight was cancelled. Then, there wasn't another flight back to Newark Liberty for two days! I incurred a cost of $300.00 for an overnight stay and $1200.00 for a ticket from Jet Blue flying late afternoon the next day, not to mention away from my own company. Absolutely horrendous customer service and an appalling lack of empathy for their clients."
"Verified Review | Houston to Newark. Prior to this experience, I had probably flown with the airline for about 2 or three times in years past. Never had a problem, until last week. My flight was cancelled at the last minute. I couldn't believe it, they said it was the weather. I spent the next 36 hours inside the airport, because I had no money on me to rent a hotel, motel. Spirit Airlines offered no accommodation to those affected by this incompetence. Additionally, the next available flight back home with the airline was to be four days later (5th of July)? I had to pay extra money for the next available and affordable flight with a different and more competent airline. People, pay a little more for convenience, reliability and customer care."
"Verified Review | Oakland to Orlando via Houston. Our connecting flight was cancelled. We left at the airport for two days till the next flight. There was nothing offered for this problem other than sorry. We are 1000 miles from our destination! They don't free yo only refund that second part but we still have to find alternatives as they offered nothing. We paid the what others were offering and choose this airline for it depart time. Never again we will fly this airline. Caused a lot of stress and money. Avoid this airline."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Houston. I cringed when I saw Spirit come up as part of a three flight package deal with Priceline. Spirit, American, and Delta. I have heard of the nightmares. The night before my flight, I read the reviews of so many cancellations so I check my email and boom, my flight was cancelled. I recheduled and went to confirm the flight then hang up. They send me a new email for the flight that was cancelled. They never rebooked the flight. I had to call in again to rebook finally getting it straight. Luckily I got where I needed to be but it wasn't easy. This flight ended up being more expensive than my flight back with another airline after all the added fees. They sent a we are sorry $50 voucher toward another flight which is pointless because I will never fly with them again. I asked why the flight was cancelled. He said it was an issue with the people. Clearly the whole airline. I had two other airlines on this trip going to different destinations. No problems there. Goodbye Spirit. Guess there's always once to know never again."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Orlando. Flight delayed missing connection flights due to a missing flight attendant thats on another flight crazy! Staffing and communication awful! Vacation plans change due to flight. A paid guarantee tickets doesn't mean anything with this airline. Agents are rude and seem confused. Second time riding Spirit Airlines, both times flight delayed. This is a common issue, rating 0."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines canceled our flight from Detroit, MI to Denver, CO the night before we were supposed to leave. The only way they notified us was via email which we didn't get until 3am which was an hour before we were meant to leave. It was hard to get ahold of anyone because a phone number was hard to find and the first couple numbers we tried weren't open yet. Once we did get ahold of someone she couldn't understand anything I was saying. Very irritating when you are trying to find a resolution quickly. The only resolution she did find for us was as a flight two days after our original flight was. And they didn't offer to help us find a sooner flight with a different airline. We ended up having to drive 18 hours across the country because our returning flight wasn't with spirit therefore we couldn't get a refund. Every single part of this situation was awful and I will never fly with Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Los Angeles. It's definitely my last time flying with Spirit Airline. I was going at 6:00 am and I came to an airport at 5:10 am so, I was going to check in through a machine but, it just keep saying that it's too late, please see the agents and there was really long lines because others couldn't get their boarding pass on that machine. So, I waited in the line and it was 5:34 am, and the lady said I am too late to go to LAX.I asked for refund my money back but, she said it's not refundable. And now they said I have to pay more? no more spirit"
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore. Flight delayed 3 times then they cancel the flight with no announcements. Customer service terrible. Put us on the next flight standby and that flight was oversold so there was no way we would get on flight. Waited 3 hours and people on the next flight offered to give up Their seats and they still put them on the flight even though they made an announcement that they were looking for passengers to give up seats. Again customer service horrible, no communication. Would never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Dallas Fort Worth. My wife bought our tickets online and there were no problems with the flight we had from Dallas Ft Worth to Ft Lauderdale. When we printed the boarding passes for our return flight we noticed that it had no checked bags on the boarding pass, so we called Spirit Airlines to find out what was going on. After waiting on hold for 1/2 hour we talked to someone who had difficulty speaking the English language and they checked on our ticket, and even got a supervisor involved. They assured us that our checked bags were paid for and that there would be no problem at the airport. I asked how the airport would know and I was told that my account would be annotated to explain it and the airport personnel would see that the bags were paid for. I asked if the boarding pass could be updated and was told no - but the staff at the airport would be no problem. I asked if there was anything else that I needed to do and was told there wasn't. Our flight was at 7am so we arrived at the airport at 5am and got in line to check our bags. 45 min later, when it was our turn in front of the Spirit bags counter we were told that no, you have no checked bags paid for so you will have to pay full premium price of $200 for 4 bags. We were given the option of trying to get on the internet and check bags that way (but oh, there is only 20 minutes left and you haven't gone through security yet). So, I paid the $200 ransom just to get us back home. I was told by the Spirit bags person there I could call Spirit and dispute the charges after my return home. I just got off the phone with them. They said they could not offer any compensation but would listen to the phone recording of my call the day before and if I were interested in what they found I could call them back \"in a day or two\" to see what they thought. I feel I was cheated and that this is the way this airline bilks money from their customers and I will never use this airline again, and heartily recommend that others do not either."
"Verified Review | I can't even begin about the apathy displayed by Spirit Airlines staff. They left my 18 year son stranded in Boston even though he was standing in line to check his bag and refused to take into consideration the length of time it took him to navigate through customs. They checked the bag of the person in front of him in line, announced baggage check was closed, and walked away from the counter. They refused to talk with either him or the other people in line behind my son to offer assistance or explanation. We live in Michigan and to have my son stranded without any help from either the Boston-Logan airport or Spirit Airlines themselves is completely unacceptable. They marked my son as a no-show to the flight and told me I would have to book and pay for another reservation. I encourage everyone to not ever use this airline, next time I fly, I will pay the extra money to ensure a more positive customer service experience."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines canceled the flight from Los Angeles to Portland because not enough passengers bought the tickets. They couldn't reroute me because they don't have enough flights. So, I had to buy new round trip tickets for the next day from another airline at the last minute. The cost was much more expensive. They don't compensate the difference. I wasted my money for the round trip taxi fare from home to LAX and had to rebook the hotel at the destination. They refuse to compensate all the extra costs and the fare difference. A few years ago, one of major airlines cancelled my flight, rerouted me for next day flight but they provided one night hotel and food voucher. Avoid this tiny airline, they are short sighted and selfish. I wasted a few hundred $ and several hours of my time at the airport."
"Verified Review | This was the first and last time I will use Spirit Airlines flying from Los Angeles to Portland. Here were the problems with my flight experience: 1) Pre-payment for luggage was not an option for me at the lower price because I purchased my ticket through Expedia. A fact that was not shared with me until it was too late. 2) Simple luggage pricing on the website requires signing up for a 'membership' and sharing personal information. Ridiculous. 3) Pulling up an e-boarding pass on an Android doesn't work. It was a major hassle getting an actual ticket to use at the airport since we didn't want to pay the $10 printing fee the airline states they charge. 4) The actual flight was terrible. 5) The plane had no air conditioning the last part of the flight. 6) The last 20 minutes of the flight was a solid sales pitch for the airline's credit card: One flight attendant on the P.A. system talking while others roamed the aisle pushing applications in our faces. 7) There was no savings compared to Alaska or Delta by the time all the fees were applied."
"Verified Review | It's definitely last time I am flying with Spirit Airline. Delays again for my flight from Detroit to New Orleans. My last 2 flights with them few years ago were the same. I said I'll give them another chance. It's my birthday and I'm trapped in the airport for a connection flight to my destination. Need better management and learn how to manage time. I would never recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Where to begin? After checking in to a hotel for the night close to the airport because our Spirit Airlines flight from Detroit to Oakland via Houston was scheduled to leave at 7am. I got an email from Spirit letting me know that the flight was cancelled, 15 minutes later I got another email telling me that I had been booked on a flight leaving more than 12 hours later. When I called customer service, I was told that nothing could be done. They told me that the flight was cancelled because of weather, when they saw themselves caught, they admitted that the flight was cancelled because they did not have a crew. However, the worst part of the situation is that they blatantly refused to do anything for the customer knowing this was their mistake and not mine, trying to just lie openly, accepting it was their fault on record and still not doing anything. The \"Best\" deal that they could do for me was a 100$ credit, not even the hotel I used to stay the night to get to the hotel was worth that. So in conclusion, the airline accepts it is their problem, on record, they recognized I'm the affected one and still the one that ends up in the wrong side of this deal is me. I do agree that they are a \"cheap\" airline, but I did pay 530$ from DTW to OAK with them compared with Delta with the same itinerary for 548$. Should be ashamed on how you treat the customers."
"Verified Review | Flew from New Orleans to Los Angeles. Terrible. I flew alone with my 16 month old, two backpacks and a suitcase. Not one flight attenandant offered help (with getting the luggage through the cramped aisle or storing it overhead). Very unfriendly staff (at the ticket counter and the flight crew). Our return flight was cancelled and they offered no compensation. They told us (at this point it was my husband, son and myself) they could put us on the next flight out which was in two days! We were supposed to fly out on Thursday and the next flight they could get us on was Saturday. All they offered was to refund our money and it would post to our account within 5 to 7 business days. Therefore, we had to pay for a hotel room for the night and new tickets with another airline (which we should have done in the first place). I will never use Spirit Airlines again. I will spend the extra money to fly on a reputable airline."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Boston. I was going for my first domestic trip and since Spirit had cheaper fare, I was lured to buy the tickets. On the day of flight, suddenly before 3hrs, I got mail from Spirit Airlines that flight has been delayed by 3 hrs. Since I was staying far from Orlando Airport, I had already left for the airport. I had no option to reach airport. After half an hour, I got another mail that your flight has been cancelled. They just gave me option to re-book the flight in 7 days. I had to reach Boston that day any how. So I agreed to take flight to Cleveland even tough I had long layover of 4 hours. But the next connecting flight was also delayed. Scheduled departure was 6pm but it came at 10pm. The Spirit Airlines people didn't have courtesy to even talk and the customer care executives told that they cannot do anything. This was not at all professional. There were many people from Orlando who had direct flight but were diverted to Cleveland. There were children, old people waiting for flight and were very hungry. All the restaurants were closed and Spirit Airlines didn't even provide any compensation, this was pathetic service from Spirit Airlines. I would never fly with Spirit Airlines and not even recommend anyone."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Chicago O'Hare. They will probably be the cheapest for a bare bones ticket. Just don't add things like a carry on, choosing your seat, or possibly oxygen to breathe (ok, a little facetious on that last one). Our problem was in chicago, wanting to come back to Vegas. No issues until a couple of hours before we are scheduled to fly, and then the email the flight is cancelled. So the entire group of customers walks back to the service desks to see what can be done. My wife calls the service number where a barely English speaking rep tells her the flight was cancelled due to weather. You know, since every other plane is both leaving chicago and vegas. She wouldn't accept any other information, even when the staff at the desk tells us the Captain just didn't show up to work. And apparently they've had this problem several times recently. So what was their customer service, or lack of in this case, trying to pass off. Thankfully, the desk staff were very helpful, got us scheduled on an United flight the next afternoon, set us up on a local hotel, and gave us several food vouchers. That was the good out of all of this. The desk staff were awesome! Everything else was horrible. If this was just an isolated incident, so be it, things happen. But when we were told multiple stories of this happening from first person points of view, well, we're done with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Kansas city to Ft Lauderdale. This airline does not even deserve 1 star, unfortunately that is the lowest rating available. I will never fly on Spirit Airline again! When we first booked the tickets we thought we were getting a good deal on the price. Spirit Airlines nickel and dimed us for everything from the seats to the luggage. We had 2 of the smallest checked bags (which were the same price as the carry on) and the cheapest seats. We had one lay over there, and one on the way back. We had to pay for seats each time. By the time we paid for the bare minimums the trip cost us as much as it would if we had gone through a good airline such as American or Southwest. We needed to change flights more than 4 days in advance. Spirit tried to charge us almost $600 more! Yet the flight time, duration, and miles are the exact same for the day before and the scheduled day! The airplanes were dirty, outdated and uncomfortable. Customer service is rude. They would not stop interrupting me and made it very clear they did not care."
"Verified Review | My daughter qualified to compete in the 2017 NCAA track & field championship in Eugene, Oregon. As such, I purchased 8 round-trip tickets for family and friends on Spirit Airlines from Minneapolis to Portland. The outbound flight, with connection in Chicago, was fine. The return flight from Portland to Minneapolis (through LAX) on June 11 was a disaster for the 15 Minneapolis-bound passengers. The flight from Portland to LA was scheduled to leave at 3:15 p.m. but was finally pushed back to 4:08 p.m., scheduled to arrive in LAX at 6:27 p.m. The avowed reason for the plane’s delay arriving in Portland was “air traffic control” reasons. Our connection to Minneapolis was scheduled to depart from LAX at 6:29 p.m. so, not surprisingly, the 15 Twin Cities’ bound passengers were a bit nervous about meeting their connection in LA, and actively seeking alternative flights from Portland to Minneapolis. Prior to getting on the plane, the lead Spirit agent on the desk in Portland guaranteed the Twin Cities’ passengers that they would be able to meet their connection in LA to travel to the Twin Cities. Moreover, he assured the Twin Cities’ passengers that even if we did not make our connection in LA, that Spirit would get us back to the Twin Cities that night on another airline. He also said (correctly) that the connection in LA would be easy because the arrival gate was literally right next to the departure gate for the Twin Cities. With those assurances, all 15 Twin passengers boarded the Spirit Airlines flight from Portland to LA confident they would get back to the Twin Cities that night. We touched down at LAX around 6:15-6:20 p.m. and the plane scurried to the gate. When we exited the plane and took the 15-20 steps to the adjacent departure gate for the Twin Cities’ bound flight, we were shocked to see that the plane had just left the gate. We could literally see the plane 100 feet from the window. The Spirit supervisor in LA said that Spirit would not authorize putting us on a flight on another airline to the Twin Cities. The remedies suggested by the Spirit staff to remedy were laughable, for example, they could put us on a red-eye to Baltimore or Philadelphia, and then fly to the Twin Cities, getting us back the next afternoon at 2:00 p.m. The default seemed to be that everybody would simply remain in LA until the next day and board Monday’s 6:29 p.m. non-stop flight from LA to Twin Cities. The LA supervisor further said that the airline would not be responsible for hotels and other costs, as the flight delay was not due to a mechanical failure, but rather to air traffic control issues. As to the reason for the Spirit plane leaving us behind, the answers provided by the Spirit staff on-duty were pretty vague, but finally one of the staff said that one of the most important reasons was to allow Spirit customers on the flight to the Twin Cities the opportunity to meet their connections in the Twin Cities. The plane arrived in the Twin Cities at around 11:30 p.m. – connections at that time of night, really? Frankly, I doubt that any passenger on that plane had a close connection in the Twin Cities at that time of night, and for sure not on a Spirit plane. Spirit planes, flight crew, and cabin crew seem okay for a budget airline. However, I would say that the Spirit operations folks and gate supervisors are really at the bottom of the barrel. Be very careful if you take Spirit Airlines, and particularly if you have a connection."
"Verified Review | Boston to Dallas. We are the grandparents of a 15 yr old who was going to a wedding in New Hampshire, and this was his first time flying. Flying to Boston was fine, but then coming back was horrible for him because his flight was canceled - this is a 15 yr old flying by himself than having to stay by himself at a hotel. Spirit Airlines, I really don't know how you stay in business doing this. I really hope that you guys go out of business. We will not fly with you."
"Verified Review | I made reservations a month in advance on this \"cheap\" airline. The reservation booked was from Philadelphia to Phoenix, with 1 layover in Ft. Lauderdale. Couldn't check in online without paying for a premium seat for each flight. Went to the Spirit counter and was handed 3 tickets, and told I was actually going Philadelphia to Ft. Lauderdale to Dallas/Ft. Worth and then to Phoenix. When I argued that's not what I booked, I was told \"well, all the flights don't always show.\" I was also shocked to be told I had to pay $59 for a carry-on. Where was that fine print? So I proceed to wait at gate A14, when suddenly people start to leave that gate. I asked a departing gentleman why, and he said an employee had just quietly told him and his friends that the flight was changed to gate A4. No announcement, nothing on the departures monitors indicated a change, but I went to A4 to ask if this was the flight. It was. We then proceeded to stand in line for an hour waiting to board. We boarded, taxied a minute, but the captain said we had to return for a mechanical issue. Next announcement was that the gate we left from was occupied and we had to wait for another gate. Got to another gate and were told 20 minutes, which was actually more than an hour. Not allowed to get off plane, no drinks served, etc. Flight to Lauderdale ultimately 3 hours late, and I missed my connecting flight. This was on a Thursday evening. Spirit told me they couldn't get me out until Saturday afternoon. No, they won't put me up for 2 nights; no they won't get me on another airline; no they won't go to any effort to get me home (they already had my money). I'm a lawyer and had to be back for court on Friday, so waiting until Saturday not an option. I had to pay $670 to another airline to get home. Cheap flight? I think not. I could've flown 1st class for what I ended up spending. Now I'm still arguing with them about a refund. I was told I'd get a call within 48 hours. After 7 days I called them, and was put on hold repeatedly. I will never ever fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | We booked tickets months in advance for a large international conference that our business was exhibiting at. The flight from Baltimore to New Orleans was initially delayed 4 hours, then was back on schedule, was delayed, delayed even more, and delayed again. Not once did we receive any information and Spirit staff never announced anything at the airport. Spirit staff gave us multiple reasons why the flight was delayed and said that a plane was on the way for us. They said weather, then air traffic control, then weather again, and then no reason for the cancellation. There were no supervisors present for anyone to talk with, even after asking for a supervisor multiple times. No options to fly out the next day, no options to fly with another airline, and no reimbursement for the hotel. They offered a $50 future flight voucher. We were told that we weren't able to get a refund until the flight was cancelled. What a collassal waste of time. Would never recommend this airline to anyone."
"Verified Review | Don't fly Spirit Airlines. This will be my first and last time flying with Spirit. They canceled our flight from Jamaica to Ft Lauderdale and left everyone on that flight from Jamaica without any early notice or options on getting another flight back into the US. People was left scattering with no hotel nor other flights remaining. Spirit told us that last flight (which was canceled) was the only one until possibly two days later."
"Verified Review | I just recently flew on Spirit for the first time from FLL to LGA for a weekend trip to New York City. Prior to my flight, I had read some pretty nightmare-ish reviews on this airline and was not going in with any expectations whatsoever. Unsurprisingly, my entire experience with Spirit was not a very pleasant one and was in line with other people's negative reviews of their Spirit trips. Firstly, the low ticket prices, while alluring on the surface, are a complete hoax as Spirit nickels and dimes you for every little part of your trip beyond the cheap ticket price. To start, in the year 2017 there is no option for a mobile ticket. You either have to print the ticket at home or once you get to the airport at check in for an extra $10 or so. Believe me, you will want to choose your seat previous to arriving at the airport or else you have to stand by the check in desk at the gate and wait for a miserable/unhelpful attendant to shout out your name for your seating assignment, basically an almost inevitable middle seat towards the back of the plane. So with that factoring in, you are already adding another $30 or so to your ticket price. You get charged ridiculous fees for checked or carry on bags at the airport so make sure to pay for those in advance through the website (try at all costs to avoid having to call the customer service line unless you want to wait a minimum of 45 minutes to speak to yet another miserable Spirit employee whose anything but eager to help you solve your issue). Yes, you have to pay for any carry on greater than the size of a small backpack. Also keep in mind the maximum weight for checked bags is a mere 40 pounds, compared to the industry standard 50 with every other airline, ridiculous I know. The flight, after being delayed 3 hours for \"weather\" despite the forecasts for both Florida and New York being beautiful and clear, was not terrible. The seat was not the most comfortable but it was not the most uncomfortable either. There were no outlets or entertainment screens, again expecting the worse I was not surprised with this. The flight attendant crew was friendly and accommodating but again you have to pay for everything on board, including $3 for a glass of water. Much better off bringing your own snacks on board. Needless to say, I booked my return flight home with another airline for the same price as it ended up costing me for my flight with Spirit but with outlets, entertainment screens, on board snacks included and no ridiculous seat, bag, or ticket fees. Do not fall victim to Spirit's falsely \"bargain\" flights unless you want to arrive late with a mountain of frustration and a dead phone."
"Verified Review | Will never fly Spirit again. My returning flight from Minneapolis to Tampa via Atlanta was cancelled and rescheduled twice resulting in two days of lost wages at work. There was no reason given for the first cancellation. The second cancellation happened due to weather. We were all boarded on the plane and then returned to the gate. Minutes after we returned to the gate, the flight was cancelled and rescheduled for the next day. Other flights around us from other airlines waited until the storm passed and got their customers out that same night. Spirit offered a \"discount rate\" to stay in a hotel and made it clear that the cost was our responsibility. Most of us slept at the airport as the discount was not really a discount especially considering the extra cost of a taxi or uber. Spirit has so many hidden fees that they don't disclose upfront until you buy the ticket. Then you find out that a carry-on plus a small personal item will cost $45 each way if you pay prior to arriving at the airport. If you wait until you get to the airport, the price increases to $65 each way. I witnessed so many angry customers. Thankfully I paid my fee online but the customers who didn't complained and I heard the agent tell them that they should have read the fine print and that was their responsibility. One man asked to speak to a supervisor and was told \"the supervisor is busy\". The staff were rude and appeared to be uncaring about their frustrated customers. In addition, there were several delays. I lost count of how many emails I received saying that our flight was delayed another hour. This is not truly a discounted airline in my opinion. What they discount in ticket sales, they gain by charging customers ridiculously high fees for everything. I believe I would have been better off flying with any other airline. I will be sure to tell my story to everyone I know and every chance I get when someone is thinking of booking a flight. I wouldn't want anyone to go through what I went through with Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | Boston to Minneapolis. Spirit Airlines nickle and dime you to death. Their baggage size limits for personal items have changed, forcing you to pay for a bag. Nothing is easy on their website. I spent 2 hours trying to check in and pay for bags only to have the boarding passes print saying 0 bags. Now I have to call their customer service. This is not worth it."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines are not helpful if the flights get cancelled. Due to fly from Minneapolis to Dallas Fort Worth. I was notified about the flight cancellation at my gate and I had to cancel my hotel booking, car rental and everything else. I walked to the ticket center but they were not ready to provide any compensation for my loss. My one month planning was all ruined because of 1 flight cancellation. I had to pay extra for a taxi while rebooking my flight and the customer service was very poor, infact they were rude."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to San Diego via Chicago. Absolute worst airline I have ever flown. I have flown Spirit Airlines before and had seen others flights get cancelled (on my trip from aan diego to Atlanta) but this time it happened to me (from Atlanta to San Diego). It was not before bad weather, aircraft problems, or other safety concerns; it was for a shortage of personnel. Letting some one know just hours before their flight is an unacceptable way to do business. Not to mention hat Spirit has no relation with other carriers and does not attempt to rebook you . I don't care if the flight was inexpensive if it gets cancelled and now I have to purchase a last minute flight at triple the original prices since it is the day of. Oh, and not to mention that the online help service \"professionals\" that i spoke with could barely speak English and told me that they could refund my flight but I would still have a connecting flight to my destination. Come to find out, the lady cancelled the whole thing so I was left without out a flight in Chicago after I had purchased a flight through another airline to Chicago for my supposed connection. Needless to say, after the horrible customer service, cancelled flights, pathetic travel voucher, I will never again be traveling spirit. As a college student it is nice to have an inexpensive trip once in a while but with a $250 trip turns into a $500 trip overnight, it's hard to justify the trip. Do not travel with Spirit Airlines. It is not worth saving $50 or $100 to end up stranded last minute with no help to find a connection."
"Verified Review | I got an email 3 hours before my flight that it had been cancelled. I called Spirit, there was no explanation as to the cause. When I contacted customer service they were rude with poor service and no solutions or ways to fix the problem. The flight was canceled due to traffic conditions and they could not put me on another flight. Every other airline that I checked with was able to fly their flights to Orlando with no delay. I got the flight rescheduled for the next day. Very disappointed. Throughout my trip I learnt from several other people how unhappy they were with Spirit! This was my last time with this airline."
"Verified Review | We were set to fly out at 12.30 but when we arrived at the airport they said the flight was delayed 3hrs, originally we were supposed to get to Baltimore at 10.30 pm, but when they issued our tickets they put our connecting flight leaving at 8.00 am the next day. When we arrived in Fort Lauderdale at 9.00pm we went to the ticketing counter and waited 2 hours in line just to find out they couldn't get us on a earlier flight. They don't do anything for their customers, no food vouchers, no hotel, no cup of coffee , nothing . Everyone one we talked to just had that attitude that they just don't give a damn, I will never fly Spirit Airlines again or recommend it."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines decided to let me know 2 hours before my flight from Orlando to Atlanta that my flight was cancelled, then within thirty mins told me that it was just a delay. I arrive at the airport to find out the flight is still cancelled yet I never got another email letting me know this. I call customer service just to make sure, waited 45 mins to just talk to an agent and from there she tells me it's due to the weather. The lady basically tells me there is nothing she can do but refund me, at this point I'm extremely upset as ad plans and reservations. I call again thirty mins later to make sure my refund goes through and I ask again why they cancelled a flight with no bad weather and now their excuse was that they had no crew members to fly the plane. This is the worst company to fly with."
"Verified Review | Will never fly with Spirit Airlines again. Flew from Las Vegas to Dallas Fort Worth. Bought our tickets and then found out we had to pay another fee to get seats. Got on the plane and the captain said it would be a little while before take off because we were waiting for a connecting flight with some passengers that needed on our plane. Finally they show up and its Spirit employees. So our day was delayed because of Spirit employees. Shouldn't customers come first? Now on the plane and they charge for water. Horrible. The weight on bags is 40 unlike the other airlines they are 50. So of course you have to pay $30 more on top of the $42 already paid for my bag. Landed went to baggage claim, took them 1 hour for the flights luggage to come on the carousel. I had to pay another $24 for parking at the airport because I should have been at my car by 5 to not pay a extra day. Had plenty of time to be there to get if it wasn't for waiting a hour to get our luggage. We fly quite often but will never ever fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | A previous email was titled you get what you pay for, I agree. Our early morning flight from Dallas to Boston was cancelled which we found out about it at the gate. We were told to go back out to the check in desk. A real airline would have been able to book us on another flight. At check in total chaos. 1 person trying to handle all passengers! Given the option to get a refund or call a number on a preprinted card - red flag! Calling the number did nothing - they could get us on a flight the next day. No good since the ship was leaving 3 hours after we would land. Since Spirit doesn't have partnerships with other airlines we were out of luck. We spent the next 3 hours trying to get on another flight. No luck so now instead of being on a cruise ship, I'm home writing this review of a very poorly run airline."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines are a joke. Flew from Houston to Cancun. Delay after delay. Flight today that was supposed to leave at 11.20, now 4 hours later we are getting on the plane because they had 1 staff member as a no show. Offering nothing in compensation, when I have already paid for a hotel. My date is waiting at the airport with no news on my flight, waiting for me to get there and can't do anything. Thanks Spirit for ruining my entire day of vacation and offering no help."
"Verified Review | Booked because of the fare price. Sould have researched and found reviews before hand. Flew down from Newark NJ to Fort Lauderdale on my favorite airline, jetBlue. Fare was $64.00 all in. Booked my return through Spirit Airlines $74 booked late so understood! Get to airport with my small normal carry on I use for all my flights, was charged $59. Never in my life have I ever been charged for carry on. Charged for non alcoholic beverages and snack. Not a cup of tap water even or a small snack nuts, chips, etc. No TV, seats are like metal prison chairs, don't recline, tray size of a kindle. Had the nerve to announce to help clean up to keep fares cheap. Will never under any circumstances use Spirt airlines again. I rather pay $20 to $50 extra on any other airline."
"Verified Review | First and last time flying with Spirit Airlines, the absolute worst airline from the agents that check you in to the airline. Flight was delayed in Montego Bay then the flight in Fort Lauderdale that we were supposed to catch going to Atlanta was cancelled which they had already moved us to another flight because of the delay from Montego Bay so we ended up in that nasty airport in FLL for 12hrs to catch a flight to Atlanta. I will never fly with Spirit again. I would rather pay the money and go straight to my destination like we always do."
"Verified Review | I have flown all over the country and have never had as many issues with one single flight as I did with Spirit. I got an email 3 hours before my flight that it had been cancelled. However, there was no explanation as to the cause. When two other guests tried to call and work out the issue they were confronted with poor service and no solutions or ways to fix the flight. After that, I called Spirit and would not take no for an answer and finally asked that if the flight was canceled due to weather conditions that they put me on another flight. Every other airline that I checked with was able to fly their flight to Orlando with no delay. I don't know why Spirits planes could not fly in the weather. I had a flight for Wednesday as a direct flight and they said the earliest they could book me was for Friday night. Finally, I got the flight rescheduled to Thursday at 8.30 am but at 3.30 am got an email getting saying the flight was going to be delayed anywhere from 7-50 minutes. So they suggested we be at the airport at regular time. When I got there to check in there was no one at the desk and I waited 20 minutes before I spoke to anyone for them to tell me there was a delay until 10.00 so now I have to wait another 3 hours. I know you get what you pay for but lesson learned. Very disappointed. On the way and throughout my trip I learned from several other people how unhappy they were with Spirit!"
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines is the worst airline I've encountered. This was the second flight I've booked and the second time the flight from LaGuardia to Tampa has been cancelled, this time when I arrived at the airport. The staff at the front counter were incredibly rude and offered no assistance booking a new flight. Avoid this airline at all costs - it's well worth an extra $50-100 to fly a decent airline with well trained staff. I will never book a flight on this airline again."
"Verified Review | Due to fly from Baltimore to Orlando. First flight delayed 8 hours, 2nd flight cancelled which was the next morning. They re routed me on another flight, I got no sleep and was on my hotel shuttle at 0300 to get to airport only to find out that flight has been delayed. I may or may not make it home today. When asked why the delay I got a smart ass answer."
"Verified Review | They cancelled my connecting flight from Detroit to Ft Lauderdale after 3 delays. Had to spend over $200 for new tickets with a different airline so I don't sleep two nights in Detroit. Utterly disappointed, I'll never book with a them again. I rather pay more and have peace of mind than to be left almost stranded like this. Apparently they cancelled because of \"bad weather\" but it's bogus, just an excuse. Weather conditions for our plane were dandy. Even staff couldn't explain what kind of \"bad weather\" it was. They left women with children and babies hanging. No helpful accommodations like free hotel stay etc. Never again."
"Verified Review | Worst airline I've dealt with. They flew a whole plane from Florida to Costa Rica and forgot to load the luggage leaving 86 bags in Florida. Over 2 hours to get through the Spirit Baggage claim line. Luggage arrived 36 hours later. We paid $84 to check our bag and had to spend $100+ on stuff when we landed because our bag was still in Florida. The Spirit customer service was rude and unprofessional, the refused to accommodate us in any way or refund out checked bag fee (least they could do!). Stay away from this airline at all costs. Our lost luggage was only half of it we had issues checking in and after 3 phone calls, 5 different reasoning and a couple hours of wasted time someone finally realize they didn't have our passport numbers."
"Verified Review | Very disappointed. Airline search engines, such as kayak, should be clear that Spirits bogus cheap flights do not include the basic services included in other airlines. Bringing one bag and sitting at a window seat added $120 to my ticket from St Thomas to Los Angeles via Ft Lauderdale. Very uncomfortable. It felt like we were stacked in like sardines. I'm 5'5 and 125lbs and felt very smushed. Of course you can pay extra for extra leg room that they give you already on other airlines. And the seats do not recline! Very uncomfortable on my 5 hour red eye flight that ended with a painful knot in my back. I had to take time out on my visit with my family to get a masseuse to work out. After 5 hour red eye return flight landing at 5am my connecting flight that was supposed to be a 7 hour layover is now delayed to a 10 hour layover."
"Verified Review | If you have time sensitive travel plans then don't bother with Spirit Airlines. We were 2 and half hours late arriving and are currently 30 minutes behind with no plane in sight flying from Los Angeles to Seattle. If you want cheap flights where you are always late, pay for bags, pay for beverages, even water, then Spirit is for you."
"Verified Review | My family flew with Spirit for the first (and last) time today. Here is our experience. I tried to pay to check in bags 2 days before my trip, but the website kept failing to process my payment. I tried again the next day and it seemed to work. When I showed up to the airport the next day, they told me that I had not paid and charged me a higher rate than the website rate. I told them their website was broken and that they knew it. They did not respond to my claim. All 4 of our boarding passes were marked pre-TSA. According to the TSA officer, 2 of our passes were not actually pre-TSA despite what the boarding pass said. My wife and daughter had to leave and go to another security line. Flight was delayed. Flight was oversold. My family has flown all over America and to many countries around the world. When it comes to air travel, we've seen it all. But this airline is the most incompetent airline we've ever flown. Sorry, I don't have a PDF copy of the boarding pass, but I was able to get a PDF copy of the receipt and have attached it. Perhaps when I return home from vacation I can find a scanner and scan the copy of the boarding pass I have."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles. You end up paying more or less what you would for a ticket from an airline that offers better service, comfort and options. I should have checked the reviews beforehand. I chose this airline on my flight back to LA because of the departure time and to avoid MIA airport, where I experience at least a 2 hour delay consistently. Purchased $18 seats that do not even recline. The airline doesn't even offer water for free ($3) in flights. They advertised one free luggage, and I ended up paying for both ($110) + $30 for weight exceeding 40 lbs. the standard is 50 lbs. Total unexpected cost = $90. I guess it is hard to quantify the cost of the following, but worth mentioning: no wifi, no movies, no reclining seat, very uncomfortable and hard seats, all food sold is junk food. I should have paid those extra $90-$110 for a better airline. A cheap discount airline that sell themselves as something else."
"Verified Review | Our Spirit Airlines flight from Chicago to Boston was cancelled after the front desk said it would be a 3 hour delay. Other, better airlines were continuing operation, as normal. The reason Spirit cancelled was construction at Logan, which they somehow construed as \"unanticipated\". Unbelievable! After waiting an hour in line to talk with a representative, I was told that our options were either to fly out on a Spirit flight 2 days later without compensation for hotel, food or transportation or refund as I needed to be in Boston the next day, so I had to pay $500 to get on another flight with a different airline. All because Spirit is unreliable, and ultimately a death sentence for people hoping to simply get from one place to another. Avoid at all costs. I will never fly with Spirit again. Ever."
"Verified Review | We fly Spirit because of the low rates and also because it is a very convenient location for us. Overall I'd say we are pretty unhappy that the adage \"You get what you pay for\" at Spirit is true overall. However, this review is positive for flight NK227 (Boston to Atlantic City) - one of the flight attendants, was outgoing and funny during the flight, making the majority of the passengers laugh. There is a lot to work on at Spirit but having more staff like this would make the flights more enjoyable."
"Verified Review | Flew from Orlando to Boston. Charged me and my wife $120 at the gate to put 2 duffel bags overhead that could have easily fit under the seat. This was even after a gentlemen working for the airline helped us print our tickets and mentioned nothing. Going back and carefully reviewing a long list of baggage rules it seems they do charge to carry on a bag, which shouldn't even really be a thing right? After paying the $120 I was told if I did it online when I bought my ticket then it would have only been $20 a bag. Because I was unaware and moved forward without paying to bring on a bag, I was up charged near $100. For what? Another hidden service fee? $100 because the guy at the ticket counter allowed me to pass without asking or suggesting. What if I didn't have a credit card on me to pay? Then what? I don't fly. Unreal. Never flying Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Everyone knows that Spirit Airlines flights are uncomfortable. However, my biggest problem with Spirit is the horrible lack of reasonable customer service representatives. 99% of the Customer Service staff I've had the misfortune of working with have all been horribly impatient and are never truly concerned with keeping their customer satisfied. First, one of my flights was cancelled on me. When this happened, the first customer service representative I spoke told me that Spirit wouldn't be providing me accommodation for the night, even though the next available flight wasn't until the following night. I spent hours in the airport, thinking I was doomed to spend the night there. The issue did eventually get resolved, resulting in me being issued a travel voucher for $100. A few weeks later, when I went to use this travel voucher, it failed to work. As it turns out, the voucher was issued incorrectly. By the time this issue got brought to light with customer service representatives, the price of the flight I was trying to book had increased by over $100. Not only that, the only way for me to use the voucher now was on the phone, where it could be fixed manually, meaning I'd incur a $25 fee for using the phone reservation booking system. The representative failed to see my frustration, simply saying that flight prices change all the time. Yes, this is true. However, at the time I wanted to book my flight, it was significantly cheaper, and the only reason I wasn't able to was because of a mistake made by Spirit staff."
"Verified Review | Montego Bay to Chicago via Fort Lauderdale. Plane was 3 hrs late in MBJ no reason given. We landed in Fort Lauderdale were forced to sit on tarmac for two hours in plane with screaming baby. Missed connection to Chicago. Spirit said sorry you can fly home tomorrow at 6:30 pm or wait 7 days refund!"
"Verified Review | First I tried to check in online for my Spirit Airlines flight from Houston to Newark and it would not allow me to do so. If you do not sign up you cannot make your check in, they should have a guest check in. At the kiosk doing the check in, the charges for carry-on is outrageous $59.00 for a bag they don't touch at all. The price is of the ticket is good but they catch you when you have a carry-on. Food is also very expensive. I will not use Spirit Airline again."
"Verified Review | Denver to Dallas. I will never use Spirit again, it didn't end up being any cheaper than using American or any of the other and far less convenient! They charge for carry on bags which most airlines don't do and their weight limit for a check bag is 40lbs instead of 50 so you pay a lot extra unless you know in advance! Not to mention waiting an hour for my bags after getting off the plane. You also have to pay to chose your seat even if its economy - so many hidden fees it's ridiculous! Never again will I use a budget airline!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas. The cost of the Spirit Airlines ticket was cheap but it's not worth it at all. I paid for my bag online and when I got to the check in desk it was 52 pounds so I had to pay $55 extra. $90 for a 52 pound bag. They are the only airline I've ever been on that makes you pay $3 for water or soda. They don't hand out any snacks (crackers, pretzels) plus its card only. I had to pay $5 to get a card so I could pay the $55 for my luggage. Plus they charge you for carry on. No WiFi, or TV. It just is uncomfortable and one of the attendants was kind of rude about me not putting my bag under the seat and waiting behind the line I guess I was supposed to wait behind for the bathroom. Plain and simple first and last time riding Spirit. The ticket is cheap but paying for everything else makes the ticket price not even worth it. Would definitely rather ride Southwest, any day. Never again"
"Verified Review | This was the most unprofessional airline I have ever flown. They cancelled my morning flight (flight 404 at 9am getting into ATL at 10.45) when I was mid transport to the airport. When I called Spirit, their automated system stated that the current wait time was over an hour and placed me on hold with no option to leave a callback number or further information as to why my flight was cancelled. Luckily, I had booked the flight through orbitz and called them on a separate phone. They stated that they had not even been notified of the flight cancellation by Spirit and promptly placed me on the next available flight (which wasn't until 6.45 pm). This flight landed at 8.28 pm at which point they let us know that there were no available gates and we would be waiting on the tarmac for 10-15 minutes. After 30 minutes without air conditioning, they finally turned the air on and came back on to say it would be another 15 minutes. We waited on the tarmac a total of 55 minutes because of their lack of organization and care for customers. I have to pay extra for parking since the cancellation and tarmac delay pushed me into another day worth of parking. No complementary drinks were offered as we all sat in the humid heat of the plane and the overall care for passengers and their time was not considered. I will never fly this airline again and urge you not to either. It is unpredictable, unprofessional, and not worth the cheaper price tag."
"Verified Review | We had an 8:00 am flight that we learned was cancelled when we arrived at the airport at 6:00 am. We were put on another airline which ended up to be great but when we got there, we were charged again for our baggage! Spirit would not reimburse me after asking and explaining my situation. Also if my flight costs $190 and they charge for my bags and my seat and then cancel my flight shouldn't I get the cost of my seat and bags back being they weren't used? I get that the $190 went to the new flight but Spirit says you only pay for what you want which is seats together with my family, which I didn't get and my bags paid for which I had to pay twice!! I've flown Spirit before even after reading horrible reviews but no more! They are not cheap. They just break down the price."
"Verified Review | Myrtle Beach to La Guardia. The worst airline ever. Charged me $65.00 for a carry on bag, even though the dimensions coincided with their regulations. They told the woman in front of me her bag was too big and she had to pay, but they would give her the downstairs fair at $30.00. I wondered why I couldn't get the downstairs fair, yet complaining to them did nothing. They didn't care and I was charged the full amount, my bag even smaller than hers. They did not offer any complimentary beverages, not even water. My family and I paid for extra leg room and it was an absolute joke, my dad's knees touching the seat in front of him. Beware and do not fly this airline."
"Verified Review | On Friday May 26th 2017, I traveled from New Orleans to Houston (IAH) with my two sons via Spirit Airlines. This flight (flight # 657) was excellent to say the least. The staff were exceptional at the New Orleans airport and mad the trip a smooth one. Also, the pilot was excellent on takeoff and landing. I have to give credit where credit is due. Unfortunately, upon departure from Houston IAH on May 28th, 2017 we encountered major problems with the airline and staff. First, my family and I checked in 24-hrs before the flight and received confirmation and were set to leave the following day at 6.19pm (5.34pm last call for boarding). Since we were travelling from Wharton, Texas to the airport we left early to avoid traffic and to get situated in the airport early. When we arrived at the airport, we checked in our rental car and proceeded to print our boarding passes and get through TSA. This is when we learned, via the Kiosk, that our flight had been cancelled. I checked my email for any email correspondence and I saw that Spirit sent out email correspondence at 12.52 pm, after hotel check out time and approximately 4hrs and 26min before final boarding call! This is unacceptable. Secondly, when waiting in line to be rebooked, there was one lane open to rebook the entire flight. The staff member responsible for rebooking was incredibly slow, spending at least 1hr and 30 min on the group in front of me and at least 2hrs and 30 minutes on me (may I add she was unable to rebook us due to her clerical errors). Once she got to me she was heavily distracted by other customers in other lanes and assisting the Spirit employees with their customers all while working with me. This resulted in her typing my name incorrectly while rebooking my group with a Delta flight because a customer who had been given an illegible boarding pass interrupted us and she fixed his problem so he could catch his soon leaving flight, causing her to have to re-key my groups booking. After having to re-key it once, is when she made the mistake in keying my name. When she tried to correct this, someone else had already taken my seat on the flight that I was being re-booked with and my son had already checked in our luggage with that airline because she was working so slowly that it was almost time to board that flight. Mind you, we were in line since about 1.45pm and she began working with us about 2.30pm and boarding with the other Airline was not until 4.59pm. So, since my seat was now gone she instructed me to fly in on another airline separate from my sons (one flying into Dallas then New Orleans and the other flying into Atlanta then New Orleans). This was unacceptable. While waiting for her to resolve everything, we missed boarding for ATL and my son had to have our luggage pulled due to us not making the flight. Lastly, due to her not being able to resolve our flight arrangements in a timely manner we had to cancel our return flight to New Orleans and rent a vehicle to drive from Houston to New Orleans. This was added expense and since the rental car agency requires all cars to returned to IAH airport, we had to spend extra to have it transported back to Houston which was a huge inconvenience. She attempted to smooth things out by offering us a $7 meal voucher each, but that was utterly offensive. Spirit has now lost a loyal customer."
"Verified Review | I purchased a ticket for me and a friend and about a month before the flight from Oakland to Las Vegas my friend was unable to go. I logged into Spirit's website to try and cancel her reservation that I made using my miles but the website wouldn't allow me to change or cancel it. I called their customer service line and was told the ticket needed to be split into two different tickets, I was sent a confirmation code by email to allow me to change her reservation. I used that and looked to see what my options were and one of them was change the date of the flight and receive miles credited back to me. When I tried to log in later to do that I got an error message saying she had to create her own account. I called in to ask why she had to create an account when I booked it using my miles and I was told it's because it couldn't be modified without her creating an account. Ridiculous because I am the one who booked the tickets! They set it up like that just to try and force a new account to be opened. I ditched the tickets and I'm taking it as a loss but I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Baltimore. Absolute nightmare! The flight was delayed an hour and then we waited on the plane for an additional hour waiting for mechanical issues to be addressed when the power went off and on and then they told us to exit the plane. I assumed we would be getting on a different plane but no, an hour later they said they could take 36 passengers to fly to Michigan and spend the night to then fly to Baltimore in the morning or stay in Orlando til flight tomorrow which later they said they had no seats available. I called to get refund and to try to find an alternate flight but none were available so I had to get refund and pay out of pocket for different airline next day. However, my 160 I paid cash for baggage they said I would have to wait in line to get and to also get vouchers for food and hotel for my family. But after an hour in line they said since I already got my refund I don't qualify for vouchers and my cash would be sent by check."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Philadelphia to Dallas. Disregard the fact that their carry-on charges are higher than regular baggage (and bags don't always arrive the same day!) and that they charge for snacks (including water), their schedules are really messed up. On my first flight, we waited for just over an hour on the runway because we were there early. Seriously? And on my way back, we spent well over an hour and a half before taking off. I'd rather fly Delta next time and take my chances."
"Verified Review | Portland to Los Angeles. This was the absolute worst experience I've had with an airline. I booked this flight on Expedia and was initially charged $70. The day of the flight, I began receiving emails notifying me that I would have to pay and extra fee for carry on luggage and to pick a seat. This cost me another $80. Just before I left for the airport, Spirit sent a series of about 20 emails informing me that the flight had been delayed to various times. After I had made my way through security at the airport, I checked my email again and it said the flight had been canceled. A group of bewildered passengers were standing around the gate not knowing what to do because there was no one from Spirit there to help us. I went back the service counter to find a line of about 100 irate people and 2 spirit employees incompetently trying to tell us that they had no idea when they might be able to get us home. I went to Southwest and booked a flight home for another $240. While waiting for my flight, I called Spirit to get a refund, but was told there would be at least a 2 hour wait on hold. Two days later, I was finally able to get through to Spirit, and they were only willing to refund $80. So, in the end, I was provided no service what-so-ever and was out of pocket $310. Lesson learned: never fly with Spirit. EVER."
"Verified Review | A horrible experience with this airline. Flew from Chicago to Vegas with Spirit Airlines, seats were double booked but they found me another. On the way back to Chicago, well I couldn't tell you because my flight got cancelled! Stood in a line with the rest of the passengers for over 1.5hrs. They had 2 agents working a line of over 200 people. Kept moving us around and people kept losing their spot in line. Obviously frustrated passengers all trying to take advantage of the moving of the lines, and jumping ahead. I got my cancellation notice on the way to the airport. They basically said they had no other flights available, and told people maybe tomorrow or the next day - and they don't cover hotel costs. The person I was flying with had a medical condition, I made very clear to the agent that we had a hospital appointment the next morning and we needed to be on a flight tonight. I told her she can decide on the urgency of this, and I was making it very clear that this was not a normal situation. She put us on a flight with AA that was leaving at midnight, and landing us at our destination at 6am, and for our troubles we each received a wonderful $7 voucher! Overall a horrible experience, they didn't know how to gain control of the situation and had appx. 200 very angry passengers. They were not even communicating with each other. A total circus act!"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Los Angeles. I purchased the tickets through Expedia and almost canceled the reservation shortly after. The fare is about $20 less per ticket than the next one. More importantly, its departure time and nonstop 6 hour flight was ideal. Little did I know, as soon as I booked and paid, a link directed me to a site for seat selection. Spirit charge $12 or more to select a seat and only allow a free carry on size 18x14x8. Add the luggage fee, there is no saving to fly low budget. I called Expedia asking to cancel this booking and was informed I had to contact Spirit directly. Of course, it is not possible to talk to anyone there. We arrived the gate 40 min before scheduled departure time and learned the flight was delayed 54 min. With no flight at the gate and the posted time unchanged, we decided to get food. More than a half hour before the posted departure time, we returned to the gate and found it closed, no agent there and flight was leaving in 10 min. The departure time was changed to 22 min earlier than last posting. When the agent reappeared, those of us missed the flight were told there will be no refund of any shape and form, no help from Spirit to find other airlines and the best they can do is to fly us 48 hours later. The answer to our question on why such short notice of changed time is “there is delay between the time we know and the time shows on the screens”. I did not know the existence of Spirit before this event and wish I had never seen its logo on Expedia site. Spirit is hard on your wallet and bad for your health."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Atlantic City via Fort Lauderdale. Plane lands in Fort Lauderdale, then takes 25 minutes to get to the gate. Reason unknown. Have to go through customs with our luggage. Get through, running, and the say to put our luggage on the recheck belt. Miss our connecting flight, due to 25 minutes awaiting for the gate. Go up to see what they can do for us. And she says find another flight - it was 8:30 pm! This plane was going to Atlantic City and sitting there. Why did they not hold it for over 30 passengers who are late and will be stranded that they knew about? Now stuck in airport. No blankets, benches, food areas (stuck in baggage area), and about 12 chairs. Now no flights available for 2 more days! Two employees working on the problem with about 50 people in line, no supervisors, no announcements, water or compassion!"
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Boston. The website sends you around in circles while it tries to upsell you. Oh, you want to bring a carry-on? it'll cost you. Oh, you want to sit in a seat? $32 please. Then when you finally get to your object, \"check me in,\" the screen turns white and you have to start over. This happens innumerable times, in fact until you accept one of the 'upgrades.' When you call them you go on hold for 15 minutes. When a representative finally answers, she drops your call. They delay your return flight twice and then cancel it. You are stranded in Boston. They do not have friendly relations with other airlines, so they can't put you on a flight with another carrier. They offer you a ride home the following day, Boston to Atlanta, with layovers at Denver and LAX. It departs at 9am and arrives at 6pm - if it arrives. Do you believe them at this point, even if you are such a fool as to accept these terms - 9hrs Boston to Atlanta? They will not give you a hotel voucher for your overnight in in Boston. There is no full refund for your cancelled flight. Your flight to Boston, according to their math - it's not on the receipt - was $120. Your return to ATL was $60. They offer you the $60. What about the $15 flight insurance you paid for?"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Cleveland. I haven't even gotten into the plane yet and it's been terrible. I thought I would save a few dollars and wha a mistake! Between one checked bag, one carry on and a regular seat I have paid $127.00. It has cost me more to travel on this airline than the other carriers that don't nickel and dime you to death and are kind to you."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Los Angeles. This has been the most horrific experience of all of my experiences during my travels. Spirit is not a very accommodating airline. First, my flight was delayed only for me to arrive and learn that my flight left on time. As it was so rudely explained to me by an employee, I should have read the fine print and I would have know to arrive at my original time despite the information provided in the alert. Explain, what's the purpose of sending alerts if I have no other choice but to be there at my original time. Second, the customer service is less than professional! In fact, with the exception of one employee, the entire staff employed punitive tactics to engineer a process which should have been a seamless smooth transition for customers. In other words, their jobs were to provide a courteous and friendly customer service in a professional manner. I lost ~$900 due to the inconvenience of this airline without so much as an apology for the inconvenience."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to San Jose. Worst airline I've ever flown with. Advertising with cheap flights and then you have to pay 60$ just to bring your carry-on. The staff was rude, the lines were ridiculous and inefficient. On a 3 hour flight, you aren't even given water. You have to pay for any beverage or snack. It was an incredibly frustrating process, and I definitely will never be flying with Spirit Airline ever again."
"Verified Review | Horrible experience. We were supposed to fly this morning from Chicago to Las Vegas and the flight was cancelled. Spend almost 3 hours in lines to find another flight. Next flight they offered was in 14 hours. We told them that we have a hotel booked and they said they had nothing to do with that. After we cancelled our flight tickets, they offer a voucher for next time. Never in my lifetime will I choose Spirit Airlines. Their customer service is poor. Not even one star can be given to a business like this. I hope people will read and write more reviews to help them to go out of business."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Los Angeles. Let me start by saying that I did not book my own flight and was not aware of Sprit Airline. I had round trip tickets which my friend had booked for me. My first part was with Virgin and my return was with Sprit. LAX to Dallas with Virgin America $59.53 flight $18.67 tax and fees $0.00. soda ($78.20) Total I chose to spend $3.00 to buy an earphone and watch TV above my food tray. Comfortable seats even though I was sitting in the middle. Chair reclined and, was able to watch TV all the way. Employees were very nice and professional. Dallas to LAX with Spirit $39.98. Flight $17.21 tax and fees $55.00 carryon bag charge $8.00 seat charge $3.00. Water ($113.19. Total) Chairs were hard, did not recline, no TV and employees at the gate were very rude. Not everyone can understand a person talking fast with heavy accent and do not dare to ask them to repeat what she said. The bottom line is, I would walk before I fly with Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | I'll start off by saying that I'm not even 24 hours into this reservation with Spirit and I regret every second of this choice. I guess this airline is great if your a young adult with wonderlust and you travel with just a purse and a dream but if that's not you, then don't book it. They have what seems to be fair prices for flights (Los Angeles to Cleveland), but then come the charges and such. I traveled with my husband and upon going online to check everything out, we see that we can pick seats. Now, you can choose to have seats with more leg room and such but your going to pay. I thought we could just do the assigned seating thing - wrong! If you don't pay to choose your seats, they will just assign you wherever they want and whatever is left. So your spouse or child could be at the front of the plane, you in the middle, and somebody else in the back. We paid for the upgraded seats (they had more leg room anyway) and we were checking out to pay for that and they ask if we want to pay for our bags. We think, no that's OK, we just have a backpack each (2 day trip) so well just carry on - think again. If you have anything larger than a laptop bag you're paying. A carry on costs $42 each or you can join their $9 club to have your carry on only cost $31 each! Don't even ask how much a bigger bag is. So we did the natural thing; we called and complained. The person on the other end barely speaks English and begins reciting off what I'm reading off the website. So were angry, lets cancel our reservation. On the phone they will offer to do it for a 30% charge of your booking. So they suggest we do it online which is a 20% charge. We don't fly until the end of June. It's not like some last minute cancellation, we tried to cancel a reservation we made less that 24 hours ago. So, lets just say if your reading this and you are thinking about booking a flight with the airline - please don't. Pay the extra $20 or $30 or even $70 to avoid this airline. I can't even begin to describe how awful this experience and I haven't even got on a plane yet."
"Verified Review | Terrible experience on my Spirit flight from Denver to Minneapolis. My only personal item fit in the baggage check box and they let me get on each flight with it 3 differnt times this trip. On my layover in Las Vegas I go to get on the plane and the lady told me that I had to pay for my bag. I told her I didn't have to the last 3 times and she said you have to pay or you can't come on. I explained to her I was just in this plane with no charge for the same bag and she still made me pay. I paid it obviously but I wasn't happy about her rude customer service."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Denver to Los Angeles. I bought my ticket from a 3rd party site and wasn't informed that I would be paying $55 bucks for a carry on. If I had known this I wouldn't have bought the ticket. It was a good deal until my bags coat 50% of what it cost me to fly. I will never be using Spirit again. $55 bucks is a lot of money for some of us trying to take a vacation from our struggles in life. This is a bad business practice."
"Unverified | Portland to Minneapolis. This airline is seriously troubled. I booked round trip from Portland to Minneapolis. Each flight had a connection, the first in LA, and on the way back Chicago. Each time my first flight was delayed. The first flight to LA they assured me at the gate I would make my connection. Nope, we get to LA and they closed the door not 5 mins before we arrived they forced us to leave the terminal to go to the ticket counter to talk to a supervisor. We waited over an hour for him to show up, he said we would have to wait 24 hours for the next flight. Gave us no hotel voucher or anything just stranded us 3000 miles from our destination the guy even refused to show me his employee badge. So I bought a ticket on delta to get to Minneapolis. On the way back I decided to try again this time we boarded on time. Once we got on they claimed they needed to change a tire we sat on the tarmac for over an hour. Needless to say another connection missed and hundreds waisted on another ticket. Don't book with these clowns, they are rude unaccomidating and have zero empathy for passengers."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Oakland to Los Angeles. I had flown budget airlines in Europe, and while I expected the flight to be sub par, I expected there to be a flight. Delay on top of delay and then a cancelation 3 hours behind schedule. Then they cancelled all afternoon flights so rerouting was a nightmare. No weather was involved btw, this is California. I will say the employees were great but were giving nothing to work with from their company. The earliest option was a flight 7 hours after our initial departure. Between the money I spent at the airport, and then having to rebook the ticket last minute, save yourself the hassel and go with an airline you can trust to get you there - anything but Spirit."
"Verified Review | Bought 3 sets of tickets from San Diego to Los Cabos a week prior traveling.A day before the trip, Spirit sends me an email stating that the flight has been canceled. \"Sorry, your flight has been canceled.\" That is it. The refund will come in 7 business day. What if I didn't have the money to pay for a new set of 3 round trips, I would lose the hotel and car reservations, too? This is absurd and outrageous. Spirit is good as the next airline. All of them benefit from this ridiculous (de)regulation our government has imposed on consumers."
"Verified Review | Boston to Fort Lauderdale. They send me 4 notifications for delayed flight on the morning of my flight. I had to take a bus for eight hours from Caribou, Maine. Then cancelled a few hours prior to my time I was supposed to leave from Logan at 6:15 pm. I spent the whole day arguing with bad customer service reps who were in capable of making any dedication I was on hold for three hours wasted my whole day plus I'm disabled with no money for hotels. They say I have a fifty dollar voucher for the airline expires in June so I have to spend more money and they do not even provide service to my next stop. They refused to help me at all. I did get there from another airline that I had to fight for that. Left hours later, no bad weather or any information was given. They constantly avoided helping me or answering and of my questions. I would ask them a question they would avoid it, repeat the same thing three or four times that was not the question I asked. Horrible, do not fly with this airline."
"Verified Review | This is the first and last time I will ever fly Spirit. I am a frequent flier and thought I'd use Spirit Airlines for a buisiness trip in Los Angeles. My initial flight was from KCI-LAX which was a 3 hour flight. That one got cancelled and I rebooked for the next day to a flight that had a layover in Detroit. I got to Detroit and that one got cancelled. The next flight out of Detroit with Spirit would be the next day so I decided to buy a ticket with a different airline to get to LAX that night (which was amazingly smooth sailing compared to Spirit). I was scheduled to depart the following Monday morning and guess what? That flight got cancelled too! I had to rent the hotel I was at for a whole other day and stayed until the next day in the afternoon (which was also a delayed flight). Seats were uncomfortable, staff were underwhelming and unhelpful with giving explanations for all the cancellations, and took way too long to help everyone get where they needed to be. I had to take matters into my own hands and ended up spending a lot more than I wanted to. Save yourself from this nightmare and get another airline!"
"Verified Review | Managua to Dallas via Fort Lauderdale. The flight attendants have no customer service skills what so ever. They dont even smile when you board or get off the flight. Seats are horrible and don't recline. Extremely expensive for everything. They even charge you $10 to talk to customer service when checking in. No one knows what they are talking about either, they all look lost in the airport. Then my husband and I are traveling back home from our honeymoon, of course have to go through customs. Our flight landed at 5.30am and our connecting flight was at 7am. Customs took longer than that. So we missed our flight. We bought insurance in case and turns out that if customs makes you miss your flight there is nothing they can do except get you on the next available flight. For us, that is over 24 hours away and we have to be at work. And then there are the lines - we stood in line to recheck our luggage for over an hour. Needless to say, we are trying to get our money back so we can book another airline so we can actually go home today."
"Verified Review | The worst! An email last night reported that our upcoming flight would be \"either delayed or cancelled\". That's a big difference. I was on hold over an hour to no avail. The website gave no information. Today we were informed the tomorrow's flight was cancelled. No assistance on re-booking. Only one flight available this week, tonight. I will never use Spirit Airlines again. The cost savings is not worth it for travel disruptions, terrible service, and great discomfort."
"Verified Review | I have flown Spirit at least 10 times in the past 3 years from LAX to MSP. I have always used their services under the idea that you get what you pay for, so I am not expecting too much other than on time. I always pay for everything else that is not included on their bare fares, so pretty much everything, from water to snacks or seats. Not a problem. If it is not included, it is extra. Departure: Usually late, which it is usually no big deal if it is 15-20 or even 30 minutes. Customer Service on the ground: Pretty decent, but once again you are only paying a very small fare, so you cannot expect the airline to go above and beyond, as their employees do not get paid much either and that reflects in their service (at least here at LAX). But this last time 5/4/17, my flight departure was late over an hour after scheduled time. We were able to board and we waited another 35-45 minutes until we were told that there was an issue with the pilots running late. When the pilots finally arrived, the whole plane applauded as we thought we've thought we had a pilot. The pilot and the crew went in and out of the pit and walked up and down the plane (crew) for 30 minutes. All of a sudden a crew member that was not part of the LAX-MSP flight got on the intercom or pager and informed the passengers to: get their belongings and proceed to the Spirit counter as the flight had been cancelled. My first thought it was that it was a joke, but the crew member repeated himself in a tone, not apologetic, it was more as if he was the chosen one to announce the bad news. The entire flight headed to the counter and that's were I got to live the whole Spirit experience. We formed a long line that had no direction and the unhelpful reps at the counters were not trying to explain the process to re-book or to advise what were our options. Once again they sent their employee with the worst attitude to direct people to the correct lines as other passengers from other flights were arriving to check in as well. More than one hour and a half on hold for the solution with their 800 number \"we are putting you on the next day flight\" or cancellation with option to get a refund or coupon for a future purchase flight. When I asked if they can do anything for this huge inconvenience, food or drinks, the tone on the employee was almost as if I had asked for a kidney and she gave me a nasty look. When asked if they can put me in a hotel, she quickly replied that they were all booked. The place was loud as you can imagine with a whole flight at the counter line so the direction from Spirit was not clear, many passengers asked if they could repeat the options and the employee said \"it is not my fault that the girl giving the information was not loud enough, you can talk to my manager and tell him that she messed up and not me\". Once again, rude, no manners or education. Overall experience: awful, please do yourself a favor and go elsewhere."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Naples. Booked and paid weeks ahead of flight lots of seats available at time of booking but didnt take the extra cash grab of booking seats. Arrived at Detroit over 2.5 hrs ahead of flight, went to kiosk only to find out the seats were not assigned. We find the flight is overbooked. I will never fly Spirit Airlines ever again nor recommend them. We had to constantly go to the counter. We are a family of 4 and it was a booked holiday. Afer being blown off by their non caring poor attitude staff we finally got on board. They were trying to bump us to get the 4 seats. Until the government forbids overbooking and deals with the airline industry this problem will not go away. Stay away from Spirit Airlines. They have a negative spirit."
"Unverified | Las Vegas to Chicago. It was our first time for my wife and I to fly on Spirit. A week before our flight, we received an email inviting us to check our bags for our upcoming flight. So, we did - each of us had one bag to check at a cost of $40 per bag per trip or $160 round trip bag charge. And in the same email, we we're invited to check our seats. We could elect to let Spirit randomly select our seats in which case, there would be no guarantee that my wife and I would sit together or, we could select our seats for a charge. So, we elected to \"buy\" our seat assignments. We did not select any \"premium\" seats but it still cost us a total of $84 round trip just for seats. In total, we spent $244 just for checked bags and for assigned seats so my wife and I were guaranteed to sit together. Regarding Spirit's staff at the baggage check counter, the gate, as well, as on the plane, they all seemed very unorganized with little to no leadership. Bottom line, the additional cost of checking our bags (which by the way cannot exceed 40 lbs without an additional charge) and having to buy our seats ended up costing us the same or more than if we had selected Southwest or Delta. Not to mention the uncomfortable 3 hour flight. Will we ever fly Spirit again? Absolutely not. Will we ever recommend Spirit? Absolutely not."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Denver. At the end of my last review they had delayed the flight that they had already canceled once, and I wondering whether this flight would actually go out or if it too would be canceled. Guess what, it was canceled for the second day in a row. Apparently they once again had too few crew members. All they offer me was a refund and a $100 voucher for the airline I never want to use again, or to take a flight that had approximately 4 layovers and would turn a 3.5 hour trip into a 10 hour one. Seeing as I have already missed the event I was planning on going to on Saturday, I chose to take the refund. And I will never fly Spirit again. One of the attendants at the gate apologized, but other than that they could not have cared less. I have been looking forward to this trip for months and now I have to reschedule (but this time I will schedule with an airline where the crew actually shows up)."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Orlando. Showed up at 530 for an 8 am flight. Went to check in luggage and they told me the flight was canceled. They did give me a full refund but not for the reservations in Orlando we missed. They gave me and my girlfriend $200 in vouchers but they expire in 2 months and I have no reason to fly anywhere in the next 2 months. They didn't bother to contact me ahead of time telling me so the hotel I stayed in the night before was a waste of money. Will never fly Spirit Airlines again. Also I still see people sitting the the terminal. It appears Spirit Airlines never informed several people the the flight was canceled."
"Verified Review | Portland to Minneapolis via Chicago. This airline is not worth your time. If you are trying to save a few dollars like me by choosing the cheapest ticket, you are in for a world of frustration. This airline will try to nickel and dime you at every turn. My original flight was cancelled the day before it was scheduled and I had to spend over an hour on the phone talking to incompetent \"customer service\" staff to get on a another flight. Then the flight that I was re-accommodated to was cancelled 8 hours before it was scheduled to depart. So I had to spend another hour on the phone with \"customer service\" to be re-accomodated again. All I asked for in return for this blatant waste of my time and energy was for a free carry-on, which I was refused. I haven't actually flown with them yet so stay tuned for a second review. If you like being treated like cattle then this is the perfect airline for you."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas. Booked flight in October 2016. Six hours before flight find out it was canceled and had to book different flight. When I go to airport the next day I found out that one was canceled and they booked a different flight. Six hours later they tell me that one will be delayed. After that they put me on different airline so that I could make it to my pool tournament, where I missed the first match. On day of return flight found out that one was canceled. Spent 5 hours on hold to get put on different airline so I could try and get home for work. When I told them how much money I lost with the pool tournament and one day lost work they offer me a $50 voucher to use, that was the third one they offered. They reason they said flights were messed up was because of low staff. Would give a zero rating but would not let me."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Montego Bay. I've had bad flight experiences before on other airlines, but Spirit is by far the worse. My flight on the way to Jamaica was delayed, no update on that until after we should have already departed. Once in Ft. Lauderdale, another delay. Flight was delayed, I wasn't surprised. It was raining pretty bad so I understood, but I didn't understand not being updapted in a timely manner. Then we got another update, that we would be delayed even further. Our plane and crew were re-routed to Kingston d/t weather. So now our flight that should have left about 2:45p was going to leave close to 6p. Another update, now the flight crew will be illegal to fly after the extra stop in Kingston, which they clearly knew would put them out of range of hours to fly. Now we won't be able leave until the next day at 7a & bring told there were no connecting flights until Tuesday. Our original flight was on Friday so now that would require us to get a hotel for the night in Montego Bay & again in Ft. Lauderdale on Sat. until we could get a flight on Sunday. Then they say our flight is not canceled it's extended delay. The manager says I don't know or can tell you where you can sleep tonight. I wanted to speak with someone about a partial refund, I was given a card to call someone. Really? I now have to use my cell phone to incur international phone fees to discuss a refund so I can buy another ticket home. There was never a sincere apology, updated were not timely, no thanks for your patience while we try our best to get you all home safely, no offering of water considering most of us had now been at the airport for over 6 hours. They were not going to pay for a night of lodging, not cool but at least a list of nearby hotels could have been offered. My biggest issue I had was the lack of service. Of course I wanted to get home, but providing the best service experience under the circumstances would have been appreciated to say the least. Let's not talk about all the additional fees after purchasing your airline ticket. I really could go on and on, but just know, I'll never fly spirit ever again and if and when I hear anyone mention Spirit I'll be sure they know my experience."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Las Vegas via San Diego. I understand that Spirit Airlines is a \"discount\" \"no frills \" airline, but poor customer care is absolutely unacceptable. We got to the airport to be told that our fight was cancelled because there was no staff to work the fight and the next available wasn't till the next day, so we took that one. Only to fly from Chicago to San Diego and find out that the connecting flight to Vegas was delayed more than two hrs. Oh Spirit was real concerned about me missing the first day of a conference that was more than a $1000.00 to attend. They were so concerned that they put us up in a hotel in Chicago with meal vouchers that would barley cover the cost of bowl of cold cereal. Then they were so kind to offer us $50.00 discounts on the ticket portion of a flight only, that expired in 60 days. So basically if this fight 356 to Las Vegas on May 7th 2017 ever gets here I we will be more than a day and half late!! Then they have the gall to ask for volunteers to bump because they over booked it by a couple seats and offer two free round trip tickets anywhere they fly, but for the people that get an entire flight cancelled, they get nothing! So long Spirit Airlines I have learned my lesson. Don't fly with Spirit you will get burned."
"Verified Review | My girlfriend and I booked a flight from Houston to Cancun for her best friends wedding. Neither of us had used Spirit before, but we're in the process of buying a house and wanted to save a little money. This was going to be a short weekend getaway. Thursday 5/4/2017 rolls around and we're packing our bags around 9:45pm when I get an email saying our flight for Friday 5/5/2017 at 11:20am is now cancelled. Thinking it's weather related, I give Spirit a call thinking they will help us work something out. I sit on hold for over an hour and reach the first associate. He is helpful and says since we're attending a wedding, he'll transfer us to their booking department to get us on another airline as Spirit had nothing for the next day. I wait, and wait - and wait for 3 hours on the phone. It's now almost midnight 5/4/2017. So I pick up another phone and dial in while I'm still on hold with the first. I reach someone after about 30 minutes who gives me the same spiel as the first, and puts me on hold again. I'm now on hold on two different phone lines. After another hour I decide I can't take it anymore. I hang up both lines and call back a third time. It's now 1am and I'm just ready for a refund. I get through to the third associate and she offers a refund and says \"Oh, so you'll miss the wedding, huh?\" to which I reply \"Yes, and lose hundreds of dollars on our hotel room!\". \"I'm sorry, sir\" is all I got in broken english. I ask why the flight was cancelled and am told \"Due to a crew issue, we do not have a pilot for that flight\". Who schedules out a flight for hundreds of people and doesn't have a pilot or back up pilot? In hindsight, maybe if I would have held on hold for another couple of hours I could have rebooked a flight. But while I was on hold I was searching flights on other airlines and coming up with nothing. There was one United Flight leaving HOU on 5/5/2017, but they wanted over $1300 1-way. I just couldn't swing that while waiting on my refund from Spirit for 7-10 business days. Thanks for ruining our weekend, a wedding, and ever having a chance at us being customers. We will never consider flying with Spirit again. I should have listened to the horror stories that are all over the internet. Now I'm out hundreds of dollars from the hotel room and transportation, and we missed out on a once in a lifetime opportunity to see our friend's wedding."
"Verified Review | Flying from Denver to Las Vegas on 5/4/17, our flight was initially delayed an hour and fifteen minutes, no big deal. Then we were told our flight was delayed another hour and a half due to \"we can't find our flight attendants.\" The flight was delayed another hour with no updates. We finally ended up leaving nearly four and a half hours after our original time. Now, on our flight back to Denver, while waiting to check our bag I overhear a Spirit member say they cancelled 5 flights today due to \"low staff\". While waiting at the gate, you announce they are overbooked and are asking for people to take alnerate flights - not sure which other flights are even available since they've already cancelled 5 and it's only 7.00am. Thankfully ours wasn't cancelled, but we're sitting on the plane, all boarded, when they tell us we are going to be stuck here an hour - on the plane - because we're \"waiting on a member from Denver\". I asked a flight attendant what that exactly means and she told me she has no idea. She said, \"I'm not sure what's going on, we're all here. Our crew is all here, I don't know why we can't leave\". All of this and Spirit is offering a $50 voucher to fly with them in the next 28 days. This has been our first and last experience with Spirit for sure. I will never recommend anyone to fly with this poorly run company. They're proud being the \"youngest in the fleet\", well clearly they have a lot of growing up to do before they can be taken seriously."
"Verified Review | When I arrived at the airport on May 6th at 5 a.m. I was informed that my flight to Denver had been canceled due to \"unavaible crew members\". I was told there were no flights out until the next day, so I quickly booked myself on that flight, even though I would now be missing the event that prompted me to fly to Denver in the first place. A couple of hours before that flight was scheduled to leave it was delayed by 30 minutes. As we finally lined up to board, they informed us that the flight was being delayed an additional hour because a \"crew member was not yet available\". I am now waiting, hoping I will actually be able to take the trip I have been looking forward to for months. I booked with Spirit because of their lower fares, but I might not actually be able to get to my destination. I will not be flying Spirit again in the future and advise anyone who is flying out for a time sensitive event, to do the same. I have received one \"We're Sorry\" email and a $50 voucher that I apparently need to use in the next two months or it will expire. This has been an awful experience. Don't trust Spirit."
"Verified Review | Spirit is the most untrustworthy airline. They sent me a email at 7pm in the evening that my New York LGA to Chicago flight is cancelled. Upon calling, they conveniently placed us on hold for 2 hrs and there is no customer service still. We called on other Flight Cancellations: 801-401-2299 and it is been more then 1 hr. on hold. Now I don't know what to do for my flight. Please don't fly with this airline, they offer you cheap price tickets but then at the end they cancelled the flight and reason will make you laugh - \"due to no crew for the flight\". Can you believe it? Next reason might be \"we don't have pilots\""
"Verified Review | Flew from Cleveland to Myrtle Beach with Spirit Airlines and had nothing wrong with my personal bag, then when I flew back to Cleveland the staff member said I had to pay for my bag, mind you it was now 65 dollars or I would have to take a different flight the next day. Not only was the flight light on passengers but there was ton of bins to put bags, if I had known my bag was too big I would have prepaid, such a rip off. They stop you at the last minute and force you to pay for bags so they can make more money. Will never fly with them again and I normally fly twice a year with them."
"Verified Review | Booked flight for Sept 2017 with Spirit miles from Spirit credit card that they beg you to sign up for and use for all these miles you can use anytime, well what a lie. I had enough miles to go to Mrytle Beach, booked non-stop flight well in advance, month later get email saying bumped from non stop and put on one stop via LaGuardia. Original flight was scheduled to depart - arrive 12noon-2pm, new flight 6am-6.45pm, so evidently if you sign up and use their credit card you can use the miles only if they have room, even if you book well in advance you will be bumped forcing you to change or even cancel your plans."
"Verified Review | Traveling with my wife and 2 kids (3&5). Flight canceled at the last minute and after waiting 4 hours begging for water and another flight home to FLL they gave me a flight to a different city - MIA (50 miles away). They told me that they had already booked me on a Miami flight for the next day and if I wanted it, good, if not to buy my own ticket. I was forced to accept another destination because they decided to send me to another city! Spirit is treating their customers like animals trying to take advantage of the fact that we are helpless when it comes to options and anyone to care for us. Again traveling with 2 minors and forced to fly to another city because the Spirit staff member felt that I was fine flying to a different city."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Kingston via Fort Lauderdale. Had connecting flights in Fort Lauderdale for outbound and inbound flights. 1st connecting flight was delayed for over 4 hours, so I had to purchase a hotel room for my once year old son and diabetic mother. Connecting flight back home was cancelled. They also lost my stroller so I had to carry my 1 year old through the entire airport. Now I am going to have to pay for more ground transportation and another hotel room. This airline is a certifiable joke. I've been waiting in line over 2 hours to rebook and I'm only halfway through the line. Not to mention they only have limited agents rebooking all these people. The line is out the door and around the corner. Literally."
"Verified Review | This is the worst airline I have experienced. I have been warned about not flying Spirit, but I said how bad can it be. Well, it's worse than imaginable. We booked a flight 1 month prior. The night before we receive an email saying our flight is cancelled. I called Spirit to see what was going on, but they couldn't provide a reason and just apologized. They said they can book us for a late night flight going out the same day (3 hours after our call) 9pm. It was our only choice so we took it and rushed to the airport. We get to the airport and checked in 1.5 hours before the flight. 9pm arrived, but there was still no plane. To make matters worse, all of the airline staff left, and there was nobody to update us about what is going on. All the passengers started wondering what was going on, but no answer or anyone around to help. I checked the flight number online to see if I could get an answer and it said our plane was delayed 2 hours! Meanwhile everyone was sitting around like animals at a zoo, and nobody even cared to let us know that our plane was going to be delayed. Finally over an hour later a Spirit employee shows up, but didn't even bother to tell us about any delay or update us. I ended up asking for my money back and left. I would not ride with them again if they paid me let alone me paying them. I have been told this happens a lot, but always questioned how bad can it be. An extra 20$ is worth saving yourself a headache and your sanity. I wish I had listened to family and friends that told me not to do it."
"Verified Review | Absolute worst experience! Will never fly Spirit again. I was flying from San Diego to Tampa today but had a layover in Houston. While we arrived in Houston on time, there was an accident that occurred. One of the cabinets came open hitting a flight attendant in the head. She was removed from the aircraft. While this was awful, it unfortunately caused Spirit to delay the Tampa flight because they were now down one crew member. We waited over an hour for a replacement. Once boarded, we sat on the tarmac for two hours. A storm came through. After over two hours on the tarmac they turned our plane around and cancelled our flight even though other planes were still taking off. They then refused to send us to other airlines for flights as they claimed the delay was weather related, remember it was their safety problem that started this mess. They offered us flights out of Houston 3 days later saying that was the best they could do because the powers that be would not approve any other options. Their desk staff were rude and communication was awful. Even though their fares are less expensive it is worth the extra dollars spent at other airlines for piece of mind. I will never use this airline again and suggest you do the same."
"Verified Review | Newark to Fort Lauderdale. My first ever bad review. I always give second chances but now, it's 3 strikes and you're out. I am sitting and waiting for 2 hours after being sent from one gate to another meaning I had to go through the nightmare baggage check twice and had to throw out my food and beverages because of the second baggage check. This airline is not worth the savings. Horrible with their delays. I have 8 emails just today with all of the time changes and that is not an exaggeration. Not the first time and never again!"
"Verified Review | Dallas to Denver. Spirit Airlines is such a joke. We had originally booked a round trip ticket. Like every flight, ours was delayed so we rebooked on another flight with a different carrier. Because we didn't fly our first leg they evidently cancelled our return flight. Obviously, they don't inform you they have cancelled you, I tried checking in online only to hit a wall. Call them so they can clairfy their policy will cancel you if you don't travel on your initial flight."
"Verified Review | Newark to Ft. Lauderdale. Wow, where do I begin? Would have been my first time flying Spirit. I knew about their bare bones setup. Throughout the day before he flight, I received multiple emails telling me flight is delayed by about 50 minutes. Already didn't sit well. Got checked in, waited at the gate. Half hour before departure, while others are boarding, they announced that the flight was canceled! Didn't give a reason. Just said to go down to the ticketing booth. Of course what would be a plane full of people rushed to said ticketing booth, where 3 agents were there to take care of what appeared to be 150+ people. This was around 9pm on a Friday night. Lines barely moved. Ended up calling Spirit Airlines. They claim mechanic issue, and I had 3 choices. Rebook for the next flight on their airline tomorrow afternoon (doesn't work for me, as I needed to be in Miami before even that flight takes off), rebook on future flight, or full refund. I chose the refund. They wouldn't rebook me on another airline, and didn't provide any other accommodations. Because Spirit took so long at the terminal and on the phone, there were no other flights going out that night. I am currently typing this on a JetBlue flight (the next morning). My sister also flew Spirit the day before (same flight, just 1 day prior). Hers was delayed, but it did eventually fly. Good luck if you choose this airline."
"Verified Review | Cabo San Lucas to San Diego with Spirit. Before the flight even started this airline was a nightmare. I booked it because Expedia listed it as a cheap option, unknowingly so only because they didn't yet charge me for carry-on bags. $130 to get my own and my girlfriend's bags home, and then an extra $11 to just choose seats. On top of that, our short flight has now been delayed for 2 hours, possibly more. Compared to American Airlines which brought us here, this is a travesty and I wonder how they are even in business. Never again will they get my money, this is a horrible company."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Newark. I never had to pay for a carry on nor a beverage on a plane but with Spirit Airlines I did. We paid a total of almost $200 extra just for luggage and on the flight back our seats were not together and we had to pay an extra $70. I would not have minded but I was traveling with a two year old and you would think the airline would look at that and put us together. I fly frequently and always was able to charge my phone onboard but there were no outlets. Multiple bathrooms was plus and a newer plane but other than that I can't speak kindly of the airline. I doubt I will be booking with Spirit in the future."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to San Juan via Ft Lauderdale. The baggage check in is guaranteed to take over an hour, so be sure to arrive 3 hours early for your check, and to check or carry any bags you will have to pay a minimum of $30, though they will allow you to travel with a purse or laptop. For a water you'll be charged $3 so bring your own. If they mess up your flight, for whatever reason or you are willing to let a stand by guest take your place, they'll give you a free voucher - all you do is pay the government fees! But the government fees that show on line, for my $124 round trip from DFW to PHL went from $32 to $88 for the actual booking, and that was without the talk to a human booking fee of $25. This airline is a joke!"
"Verified Review | The trip from Atlantic City to Tampa was uneventful; it was the first time I had flown Spirit, and despite the rather small seats, the flight was OK. On the day of my return trip, I received an e-mail explaining that my flight had been cancelled, with no reason given. Upon calling the number for customer service, I was told that the only flight available to return to NJ was 5 days later. The only other option was a partial refund of my round-trip ticket which would cover my return flight. That's it. Nothing for extended hotel or rental car fees, and there was nothing mentioned about a return trip on any other airline. I was left on my own to find a one-way flight home. Compounding the problem was the fact that I had parked my car in Atlantic City, and I had to fly into Philly. Long story short; my return trip was Tampa to Detroit to Philadelphia to Atlantic City airport (by $85 Uber) to pick up my car - a total of 10.5 hours to get home, which would have been a little over 3 hours had Spirit not cancelled. My Delta flight home was $255 plus $85 for the Uber ride, but my refund from Spirit was $114, so not only did Spirit cost me well over $200 in additional travel charges, it over-double the time to get home. Never again, thanks for nothing."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Cleveland. Spirit Airlines is one of the worst I have seen for customer service. We were scheduled to take off from Tampa at 3:15 pm. and before being picked up by a car service we doubled checked our flight and were told that it was on time. Upon arriving at the gate we were informed that our flight was delayed 2 hours. After waiting 90 minutes we were informed that the flight was cancelled. Now the good part starts. We were herded like cattle down to the ticket area and then herded again over to a remote area so that we were out of the way and wouldn't make a scene. The entire passenger list was standing in line and were being dealt with one at a time. This was a very long process and it could have been avoided if they would have announced that they were only giving refunds and no assistance to fly out on another flight. After standing in line for two hours they made that announcement and handed out cards with a number to call to get your refund. By this time there were no taxis available and we were stranded. The only thing left to do was call a car service and pay another $50 to get a ride back home. We are now out $100 for car service and Spirit could care less. I phoned for my refund and was told that it would arrive on my credit card in 7 to 10 days or at least that was what I thought I was told. 10 days passed and no refund. I called again and got another agent that was a little better to understand but not by much. He informed me that my refund was never applied for and that he would process it for me now. Finally it hit my account. Why can't these companies pay Americans to do their customer service work. Waiting to book another flight and try to get a reasonable price on a short notice is frustrating enough and then to put up with people that you can't understand adds to the tipping point where you want to choke someone. I will never fly Spirit Airline again because I believe that they have no consideration for their customers and the hardship of having their travel arrangements disrupted."
"Verified Review | Denver to Phoenix. This has been the worst travel experience. Spirit Airlines is nothing but a scam. Less, how about double what my other flight was by the time you pay their fees. Which I may add they don't broadcast or indicate when you book. Seats are small, if you are over 6ft talk I feel bad for you. Worst customer service, or lack there of. I would have rather thrown money out the window then to ever book a flight with this airline again. If I could give a negative rating I would. Overall, feel ripped off and jipped. Spirit Airlines should be ashamed to consider yourself a real airline."
"Verified Review | Showed up for my 8.10 flight two hours early as per usual. My flight was delayed to 1pm and didn't receive and email saying this until 7am. Ok. Terrible but I can deal with it, then at 10am we receive an email saying our flight time is 5.30pm. They gave me and my girlfriend each a 7 dollar food voucher! Would never use this airline again, don't waste your time. The whole staff had no clue how to handle the situation and no-one was helpful. Everyone at the airport that we talked to joked that this kind of thing always happens with spirit. Stay away people!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Philadelphia. Spirit Airlines sent an email the night before saying I should arrive 3 hours early. Got to the counter to find my flight had been delayed by 5 hours. Spirit had sent the notification email two hours before departure. My flight has either been delayed or moved up without warning 3 out of the 4 times I've flown them. The planes are uncomfortable and my time is worth more than the small amount of money saved by using this airline. Never flying them again."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines is the worst airline I have flown and I travel often. Not only was my flight from Fort Lauderdale to Newark delayed but I had a very unpleasant experience from check in until I reached my gate. Not only did I have to pay $55 for my carry on bag that I had no problem with to my destination but then they wanted me to pay for my personal item as well. It's is ridiculous how one does not get to bring a carry on item for free. My flight was delayed and I walked all over the airport looking for customer service to put me on an earlier flight and I couldn't even do that because I was not able to find anyone who could help me. After walking 20 minutes to one gate I was pointed to customer service which was another 15 minute walk and to go there and no one is there. Also, you have to pay for water on the plane because nothing is free. This is the most stressful and unpleasant experience I have ever had with an airline. You are better off paying more money for a different airline than Spirit. I will never fly this airline again even if it means saving money."
"Verified Review | Boston to Cancun via Myrtle Beach and Ft Lauderdale. I bought this ticket because it offer a one stop to Cancun from Boston and back at a competitive price. After the fact they added a stop which would have meant I would have picked someone else had I known they would do that. The more I found out about them the less I liked them. At one point it seemed that one of our party may not be able to come, in the end they did, but their policy on this is so brutal it is almost that you would lose all you money. You get a credit you need to use in 90 days. Any booked airfare in that short a notice will be brutal. The fees are excessive. There is a fee for picking your seat, there is a fee if your 1 bag on an international flight exceeds 40 lbs. They do not provide water in flight without you having to pay for it. The unprofessionalness of the crew staff on our return flight from was epic. Everything was a joke. The announcements were a joke, they did not take their role seriously. We paid $30 per seat extra to \"pick our seats\" so we could sit together. On the last leg of the flight they asked my 14 year old to move his seat so a family could sit together (free). He was sitting with his friend that we brought with us, and my wife and I were elsewhere on the plane. Sure he could have said no, but he is 14 and said yes. Now we paid for something that Spirit gave away of ours for free. Seats were tiny, once fees and changes came into it price was not a value and the staff were unprofessional. Bottom line, for a quick hop and a short trip maybe this airline can make sense, but if you are going on a real vacation (distance and duration in days) stay away."
"Verified Review | Not only did Spirit Airlines cancel my flight less than 2 hours before it was supposed to depart (so I was already at the airport waiting in line for security), there was never a delay, they simply canceled it due to \"crew reasons\". They cost me and my boyfriend almost $400 due to the cancelation, because we weren't able to make our hotel and car rental reservations as well as the excursions we had planned for the next day. Spirit also now makes you pay for your baggage going and coming ($45 + for each bag, for each leg of your trip costing us an additional $340 total for our 4 carry-on bags). Not only were they extremely inconsiderate about the inconvenience they caused due to the cancelation, they still made us pay for our bags. The woman who \"assisted\" us at the counter issued both my boyfriend and I travel vouchers, and explained that those can be used to cover the cost of the bags. As I checked in that night for the new flight for the previous morning, I was then made aware that I would not in fact, be able to use those vouchers for the bags, only for in-flight purchases only. I then called the customer service line to have this issue resolved since I was told I could use the vouchers for our bags. When I finally got through to a customer service agent, they simply told me that the woman at the counter was \"mis-informed\" and I would still be paying for my bags. Overall horrible experience. Customer service reps were rude, and staff at the ticketing counter are \"mis-informed\" and just not helpful at all."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Completely incompetent staff. Boarding in BWI was a congested nightmare taking 2.5 hours; I barely made the flight. Staff rude and abrupt. There was no evident reason for delays; lines down the concourse and out the doors. Seats are flimsy and unforgiving. On board, attendants ignored requests for drinks for our child. I'm returning from Ft Lauderdale. Again, long lines and a single person checking bags while other staff wander around \"supervising\". Flight loading and no surprise - overbooked. Not worth whatever you save flying on this circus."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Las Vegas. In January 2016 we were searching for flights to Las Vegas. Spirit had the cheapest so we decided to book with them. We were offered the Spirit MasterCard and promised enough miles for 3 free round trip flights. I assumed off peak so no surprise there. Our trip to vegas was in June 2016 and about a week before our trip, an agent called me and told me they were downgrading our airplane and if we would volunteer to take a different flight the day before, we would get three comp tickets. (There were three in our party). Any time I would be able to use these tickets would most likely always fall in the peak seasons. I specifically asked the rep what the restrictions were for using these tickets and specifically asked for blackout dates. He assured me that because these were comp tickets for inconveniencing us, there were no black out date. I was told that we had to book within a certain time but could travel wherever Spirit flew anytime we got the ticket for. We agreed, flew in to Vegas a day early paying an extra night for a hotel but thought it was worth the three free tickets. When we got back, I called and tried to redeem the tickets and was told that A. There were blackout dates, B. We could NOT fly anywhere, and C. We would be charged $40 each way per ticket to use out \"free vouchers\". We were so mad we didn't use them. Now it's April 2017. I have 50,000 miles from my Spirit MC. I want to book a flight from Atlanta to Orlando (a zone 1 on their mileage chart) from April 26-30 (both dates are off peak own their mileage chart). The flight there costs 2,500 miles as it should according to their own chart. The return flight costs 25,000 miles! Same zone, off peak date as stated by them. Plus there is a $40 each wayfee per ticket to use the miles! I can get a Frontier flight for the hour trip from Atlanta to Orlando for $35 each way, $10 cheaper than using my free miles! Spirit's mileage reward program is a sham. The airline is as low class as you can get and still trust them to fly you across the sky. I am closing my MC and will NEVER even attempt to fly them again. There's no point in using the card if you get any benefits from it. If you want to add any kind of bag it ends up costing you the same as Delta anyway. I elected to use my real name in this review because I hope Spirit sees it and knows they lost a real customer."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Bogota via Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. This is by far the worst experience I have had with an airline. The day of my departure, my flight got delayed, which caused me to miss my connecting flight from Fort Lauderdale. I ended up having to fly to Medellin in order to get to Colombia on that day. I then had to pay for a connecting flight form Medellin to Bogota. But that is only the beginning of this horrendous nightmare. The day of my return, I was informed that the my flight was oversold and was asked to give up my spot on the plane to which I said no, since I had to be in Dallas on that day. Not surprisingly, my flight got delayed and I missed my connecting flight from FLL to Dallas. When I got to the Spirit counter I realized that I was not the only with that problem; there were about 200 people who had missed their flights. Spirit did not offer any kind of effort to ease up the situation with their customers. They had us sleep at the airport and denied any refunds for the missed flights. Please avoid this scam."
"Verified Review | Spirit airline is horrendous. This is my 4th and last time flying through this airline from Orlando to Detroit. Every single time I fly with them I regret it. My flight is always cancelled or delayed, they have lost my luggage and sent it to Boston. Today was my deal breaker with this airline. They gave me a ticket that wouldn't scan so after waiting in line for security I come to find my ticket wouldn't scan. Then after going to the front desk the employee gave me a hard time about the situation causing me to miss my flight. After waiting airport for 5 hours from my \"delayed flight\", now I have to wait 4 and a half more hours for a new flight. I don't care how cheap they are it is not worth the stress. I've never in my life wrote a review. That's how much I dislike Spirit airline."
"Verified Review | Flying with Spirit has been a total nightmare from the start. We were leaving Plattsburgh to Fort Lauderdale. Never made it to Fort Lauderdale because of fog (I totally understand this is none of their fault). We landed in Orlando, but didn't get any explanation of why. We had to wait for 2 hours at the Spirit counter before being instructed there would be bus accomodation to bring us to Fort Lauderdale. After waiting another 2h, we've been told that only 55 people could get on that bus and another one might arrive about an hour later. We decided to rent a car at our own charge since we were in Fort Lauderdale only for a couple days and couldn't afford to lose more time. When we left Fort Lauderdale, the flight attendant announced the flight was overbooked and they were asking for volunteers to catch a flight later. We have been offered a total of 4 free round-trip vouchers to anywhere Spirit flies. The flight attendant at the counter told us (and we signed for!) flights within US would be totally free and for flights outside US, we would only have to pay for airport tax. We decided to volunteer but when the time came to use those vouchers I spent hours on the phone with the company to find an available flight (we had multiple choices and flexible for the dates) and we were told that finally only bare fares were covered by the vouchers and even in US we would have to pay for all the other charges. We will never use Spirit again since it definitely doesn't worth saving a few bucks for that kind of headache!"
"Verified Review | Flew from Boston to Las Vegas. Do not be fooled - there is absolutely nothing worth your while by flying Spirit Airlines. My vacation was completely soured by this airline. Most uncomfortable, narrow seats, water is even at a charge, and there was only 1 functional bathroom for a 5.5 hour, completely full flight, not to mention the fact that I pre-paid $40 for a checked bag, and was charged an additional $55 for a bag that was 51 pounds, yes you read that correctly $95 for a suitcase - an absolute scam. Staff are unhelpful, unfriendly, and find humor in how unaccommodating the airline is, joking and making reference to this the entire flight. Making the experience even more frustrating. Do not make the mistake or be fooled by the \"barefare\" advertisement!"
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. By far the worst airline. First off, they advertise low fares, but charge you to print your boarding pass, pick your seat, carry on, and $100 if you check you bag in at the airport. The charge for beverages and have horrible snacks. Going to Florida, my flight was delayed and coming back it was delayed twice and the gate was changed 3 times. We had to stand in line to check in our bags for over 1 hour due to them not having enough staff, so we all feared missing our flights. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Bait and Switch Scandal. I took Spirit Airlines from Los Angeles to Houston because their published fare was $100 lower than their competition. After I had booked, I discovered that I had to pay almost $100 extra for my carry-on small suitcase. I did not have any checked baggage. I felt like I had been a victim of a bait-and-switch scandal. Passengers should not have to read the fine print of every airline when comparing ticket prices online. Everybody knows the partial cost of a trip is useless. An airline that will not publish the total cost for the average traveler is cheating when other airlines do. Shame on Spirit for such low-handed schemes."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines is one of the worst airlines. The customer service is deplorable. I was travelling with my 6 year old and after arriving at St. Thomas airport, I was told my current flight was delayed and my connecting flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Baltimore would depart before we arrived. The agent went on to say: we would have to find a hotel in Fort Lauderdale at my expense. I was rebooked on the first flight the next morning. One of the agents accidentally said the delay was due to a maintenance issue. On my return trip? I got an email from Spirit, the night before departure, informing me that my flight for the next day was cancelled. They sent me a $50 voucher to redeem in less than a month and told me to reschedule my flight. I called in to the spirit office and explained it was very important for me to be booked on the next flight out and they basically said, they had no flights, we can refund you and find another airline. The other airline is now double the refund amount. This is the type of service you get when you fly with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Oakland to New Orleans via Las Vegas with Spirit. Flight was cancelled due to crew availability. I received an email at 2am regarding my 6am flight informing me it was cancelled. There was no flight until the next day (this was a weekend trip, I would have been in N.O. for less than 24 hours if I took this). They refused to book me on another airline. Originally they only offered me a travel voucher on Spirit for completely ruining my trip at the very last second. Eventually they offered me a full refund, (they then sent me a $50 voucher in addition, fat chance I give them any money going forward). Unbelievably absurd to wake up at 4am to find out the airline couldn't get it together enough to find crew for the flight (looks like this is a reoccurring problem)."
"Verified Review | I had a very bad experience the first time going with Spirit Airlines. I bought a ticket from a month ago flying from Philadelphia to Los Angeles to attend a conference on April 8. My flight was this Friday morning (April 7) at 7am. I checked in yesterday and woke up this early morning at 4am, I drove to the airport and parked my car. Everything seemed to be normal except when I arrived at the gate and found out the flight was cancelled. When I checked in yesterday, I input my email address and my cellphone number. I got two emails confirming my checking in and registration. But nobody sent me any notification this morning. All is this cancellation notice I saw on the desk when I arrived at the gate. I was a little bit panic, but there was nobody to help. I had to exit and went out to the front desk of ticketing. I asked the lady in the front desk and I also called Spirit Airlines customer phone number, they gave me two options: either they rearrange my trip on April 10 (which does not work because of my conference is on April 9), or get a refund for my ticket. They do not want to cover anything else such as my hotel cancellation fee, conference registration fee, parking, etc. I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Atlantic City to Fort Meyers. Will never, ever fly Spirit Airlines again. Cancelled our flight today due to \"crew availability\". Flight was scheduled to depart at 6:45 a.m. Received email notification of cancellation around 12:45 am. No answer at phone # provided in email for details and Atlantic City Airport showed flight \"On Time\". So we headed out at 4 am for the 40 minute drive. Got on the back of an already long line to hear from others that there were no Spirit flights w/ seating avail. until late next week and they were only offering refunds. There was no management personnel making themselves available for questioning. My 15-year-old son went online and found FFA rule 240 which mandates that \"an airline with a delayed or cancelled flight has to transfer passengers to another carrier if the second carrier could get passengers to the destination more quickly than the original airline.\" We brought this to the attention of everyone around us and to employees at the ticket desk. To my knowledge, prior to this they were only offering refunds but then a supervisor started searching for available flights but explained she's limited only to flights that their system makes available to offer. In the end, we wound up with a flight w/ another carrier from Philadelphia to Miami arriving late Sunday evening, 3 days of vacation (which we rarely take) for my kids and I has been lost; time my husband unnecessarily missed from work driving us; my parents awaiting us in FL now having a much longer drive to/from airport. Others around us had pre-paid private condo rentals, vacation packages, etc at stake. I heard from a friend that United made similar cancellations today out of Newark. I'm hoping our flight on Sunday doesn't cancel as well."
"Verified Review | We had a direct flight from Minneapolis to Orlando. The weather was fine. Our flight was cancelled due to crew availability. Customer service refused to book us on another airline. The only other flight out via Spirit was at night, and already booked. The red-eye flight the next morning, also booked. We're now stuck with a red-eye flight with a long layover in Chicago. Two days of our four day vacation are gone. Wish we'd never even schedule this trip. We will never ever fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | We flew this airline for the first time on April fool's day 4/01/2017, and it made fools out of us. Flew from Los Angeles to Seattle. We tried saving $10 by doing the online check in for a luggage because it cost $50 at the counter. At the counter, we were told our luggage was 9 lbs over (49 lbs), and it would cost us an additional $30, so now our 1 piece of luggage cost us $70. I thought the standard allowable weight for luggage is 50lbs, but for Spirit Airline it is 40lbs. We get to the gate and watch Spirit rip off its customers for more money. We watch them charge a girl $100 for not cheking in her carry on earlier. We sat next to a girl with a 25lbs smelly dog on her lap. Since when did airline started to allow pets on the airplane? There's no free water on the airplane. A 16 ounce water bottle cost $3. The flight attendant crews are rude. The flight crew left the plane first, so I didnt get to tell the Captain and his First Officer how horrible their airline was. Won't get fooled again."
"Verified Review | Myrtle Beach to Detroit. Found out flight was delayed by display screen. Spirit never said a word. Asked the attendant at counter why. She told me they had no crew to fly the plane! How can you sell a ticket and not have a crew to fly the plane? Then got a delay email after the plane should have been in the air! Arrived 2hrs late then waited 35 minutes to get a bag. So it ended up costing me an extra day to car parking fee. Got in after midnight and after drive home missed half a day of work! That cost me even more money! All because they cant staff a plane they sold tickets for!"
"Verified Review | Seattle to Las Vegas. This was our first time using Spirit Airlines and even though we were skeptical we decided to give it a try. I printed boarding passes and checked in the night before. We were suppose to board at 5:15am and got notified at 4:18am by the airline that our flight was cancelled. Customer service in the airport was a joke, they couldnt provide any information as to why the flight was cancelled - they first said it was due to high winds, then another lady said it was coming from the east coast. All the while we were left stranded and all the staff would say was you can try a different airline - but could not help direct us to an airline leaving same day or even try to help get us on a different flight until tuesday (4.5) days later. Obviously time was already taken off work and the trip could not be put off until then and they didnt offer to help with hotel or anything - all they offered was a refund which would not be applied to the bank 3-5 days later. Overall horrible first experience and we didnt even make it on our flight nor will we ever fly Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Oakland with Spirit Airlines. Flight was delayed. Found out from the screen. Fair enough. Flight delayed again. Found out from the screen. Slightly annoyed. Flight delayed again. Found out from employee laughing as he is sharing the news. We get on the plane. Told we are about to take off. Fifteen minutes later we are told it will be another ten minutes. Their employees are horrendous and rude. Their $55 fee for a carry on bag is ludicrous. I won't fly with this airline ever again. They're terrible!"
"Verified Review | Chicago to Phoenix with Spirit Airlines. Should have known better. Price was good, we knew all the extra charges they would do and were prepared. Got to airport (3 hours from home) and told flight was cancelled as we tried to check bags. Said they would \"rebook only on their airline\" the next day and would give us hotel. Problem was we had a non-refundable hotel and water park in Phoenix. Asked ticket counter manager for another airline today, not tomorrow. Answer: \"We will rebook only on our airline\". Mentioned the cost to me. Answer: \"we will rebook only on our airline\". Asked about refund now. Answer: \"no problem, we will rebook only on our airline\". So we asked the helpful clerk about refund and he said we could just do refund for today and fly back in Spirit on the return trip. Sounded fine, but guess what - then no hotel. So we took the full refund and booked a flight on United for $40 more each round trip. Don't do the cheap. It's not worth it. I have flown hundreds of thousands of miles and never had an airline not try to rebook on others. My guess is they can't because the other airlines won't deal with them and I won't either."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Fort Lauderdale. We booked our flight with Spirit in January to fly to Ft. Lauderdale for our honeymoon cruise. They had the best rate for the very specific times we needed in order to make the cruise ship in time and that accommodated the time we needed to return. At the time of booking we didn't know they kept their ticket prices low by charging insane amounts for everything else. We woke up at 02:00 and got to the airport in plenty of time to get through check in and security. We had paid $608 for 2 tickets from Detroit to Ft. Lauderdale. We paid an additional $328 in baggage fees during online check in. (Pay for your bags, checked bags cost less than carry on bags for some reason, pay to pick our seats because they say that you won't end up next to your traveling companions unless you pay for specific seats) And then an additional $30 for an overweight bag at the airport. We were through security and waiting at the gate for our flight to take off so we could start our honeymoon. Less than 30 minutes before we were supposed to take off I received an email saying the flight had been cancelled. The Flight board still said 'on time', and there was no Spirit employee to help at the gate. A few other people got the email as well, and then we finally had to go and find someone and it was after we were supposed to have taken off that we were informed it was actually cancelled and directed to an open area in the airport along with 2 other Spirit flights that were cancelled. Every one of the Spirit employees I spoke with were rude. I was offered the next flight out at 15:00 (my original flight was due to leave at 06:45 and land in Ft Lauderdale at 09:45 giving me plenty of time to check in to the cruise ship by the 15:00 deadline) The offer of the flight leaving at 15:00 was of no use to me and inadequate. Eventually after repeating herself 15 times, taking up about 45 minutes of our time and delaying people that had to leave by a certain time, the Spirit employee gave out cards with the phone number for the refund and I ran upstairs to wait in line to see if I could get replacement tickets to get me to my destination on time. I called 4 other airlines, and waited in 3 lines at the airport before finally finding one that had tickets available and could get me to my destination. When I called customer service for my refund I was offered additional 'compensation' of 2 x $50 vouchers for a future Spirit flight, when I later complained to customer service and the refund people that I had to pay an additional $883.24 (in addition to the $966.76 I already paid to their airline) to get tickets on another airline to get down to my destination in time, they bumped it up to 2 x $100 vouchers to fly on their airline again. (Which with how this has been handled, and how I've been treated will never happen). My flight was cancelled because the pilot was unavailable, we were told the pilot was \"sick\". 3 Spirit flights were cancelled that morning at 1 airport because of \"sick\" pilots. I am just curious as to who at Spirit actually does their job?"
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Boston. Worst airline ever, they cancelled our flight with no notice at the airport. It's not until we noticed that the time had passed for us to board and their were no flight attendants or boarding people. Women handling the vouchers were extremely rude. I would not recommend people to use this airline you will never get to your destination. That's what going inexpensive gets you I guess."
"Verified Review | Denver to Phoenix. Never even made it on this terrible airline's flight. Got bumped after getting to the airport early and feeling good about not being in a rush. But the other guy who got bumped? He put his entire family on the flight without him. Damn, Spirit, that's just straight up cold."
"Verified Review | Tampa to Boston, Saturday March 18 Scheduled 3:23 departure. Sat in TPA airport 7 hours delayed after delay until finally cancelled. Best option offered was to try again Monday - nothing Saturday/Sunday! They had several cancellations on Saturday and I know it was not weather related. I guess their fleet must have been having mechanical issues? Cost us for expensive non-refundable Hotels in Boston, Expensive Meals in Boston. Forget the cost of their ticket. If they fail to get you to your destination, they are a liability. Dont book them and dont book through Priceline."
"Verified Review | Do not use Spirit Airlines! They delayed my flight from Dallas TX to Philadelphia PA for over five hours. There were no weather problems or mechanical problems, they simply said their crew had not arrived. So I missed five hours of my trip, missed reservations and a meeting because they were not prepared. Just ridiculous and unacceptable. Very inconsiderate of people's time and money."
"Verified Review | Absolutely any savings you may perceive are not worth it. Our flight out of Cuba was delayed and we missed our connecting flight. I completely understand that operational problems occur but how they responded was beyond pathetic. They decided to transport my family to Tampa on a shuttle van with 10 other people for a flight that will leave the next day at 3.00 pm. to Chicago. Mind you, Chicago is in a snow storm and multiple flights have been delayed already. There, we are scheduled for a 4 hour layover before getting on our final flight to Phoenix. An agent said the same problem happened the day before and usually happens multiple times per week. This was verified with another representative for Spirit along with our shuttle driver. Do not take any flight with this airline. There is absolutely no savings. This is my second trip with them and the first trip was slightly better but not by much. I thought that I was just unlucky but it appears to be typical. You have been warned!"
"Verified Review | Tampa to Boston. We began getting flight delayed notifications at 10:36 the morning of the flight. They had delayed the flight 2 hours (mechanical issues), but required us to arrive at the designated time \"just in Case\". Before we left the house we received another notification it had been delayed further, and then in route again. By the time we reached the airport, our 3:23pm flight was now an 8:30pm flight. Then at 4:30, it was moved to 10:00pm which 20 minutes later, it was cancelled. Then the fun began. 100 Boston strong passengers all trying to get booked on other flights, get hotels for a next day flight or just scrambling for some sense of satisfaction. I then noticed on the flight board 8 or the 10 flights scheduled were cancelled or delayed beyond 4-6 hours for \"mechanical issues\" - really 8 of 10. I can accept the \"meat in a seat\" mentality and no frills once on board, (you get what you pay for). But keeping your planes in the air? Customer service did the best they could but in the end surrendered to the masses and cracked under pressure, they lost their composure and fell back on policy (which by the way is the \"be all catch all\" of CYA for any business, it has no place in customer service since it has no intention of providing a customer service). In the end I asked for a refund and used points to grab a United flight the next morning. I used my own points for a nicer hotel and refused their $7 meal voucher. Saving money and being the cheapest airline is far different than being the \"least expensive\". There has to be a minimum standard."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Tampa, my friends and I spent 12+ hours in the airport due to Spirit Airlines. We managed to catch a ride from Clemson, which is 2 hours away from Atlanta, and then waited at the gate while there were 5 different delays that took place. The flight went from taking off at 1, all the way to taking off at 9 until they finally cancelled it. We had no way to get back to Clemson and nowhere to stay. The customer service representatives and desk people were not accommodating and gave us all attitudes when we just needed to know where to go. We talked to 5 different people and they all told us to go somewhere different. They did not compensate for our lost flight, only by giving us a refund which was rightly deserved. They didn't offer to book us on another airline. All in all, I will never be flying Spirit again. Yes, it is cheaper, but it will just make you spend even more money than the original, more expensive flight was. Even when I called their customer service number, they weren't nice or apologetic. It also took almost 20 minutes to get on the phone with someone. This kind of service is disgraceful and embarrassing."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Atlanta and my first flight with Spirit Airlines was cancelled after sitting in the airport for 6 hours listening to updates from their agents about delays, airplane engine problems, waiting for a different plane, and then being cancelled completely. After waiting in line for flight reassignments, Customers began to argue and the rest of us were sent to the front ticket counter for flight reassignments. I was issued 2 x $50 travel vouchers and told to use them within 3-months. I tried to book them today online and they show expired. Called customer service and spoke to 2 agents and a supervisor who told me there was nothing they could do."
"Verified Review | Houston to Orlando. March 16, Houston to Orlando was the worst trip I ever did. I do not recommend to anyone, to fly with Spirit airline, the chair is uncomfortable, it does not recline. The crew is not prepared to receive, politely with the customers, the on board service is poor for the amount that is charged for tickets. I will not fly again for this company."
"Unverified | There was a delay leaving New Orleans and no one at the counter could give an estimate of how long, even though the plane that was to pick us up was in the air. The delay was short and the pilot advised us that we had a tailwind and should be able to make up the lost time. We arrived 10 minutes late, not too bad. We sat on the tarmac for approximately one hour without an explanation. We get to the gate and are advised that our luggage would be on carousel #2. There were six other flights on carousel #2. Some came in after and their luggage came out first. I went to the Spirit baggage center and they stated that they had no idea when they would come up or what order. I went back twenty minutes later and they were put off that there were still questions. They were quite rude and stated that Wayne County was in charge of where bags went and what order. I left the office quite mad and saw that #3 carousel was working and bags were coming out. I spotted my bag and took it. I went back to the office to inform the office where the bags from New Orleans were so they could make an announcement and they stated that can't be and never made an announcement. This does not even cover the flight that my daughter took to meet us in New Orleans. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again! We were in the airport after landing well over 2 hours."
"Unverified | Will never fly or recommend Spirit Airlines to anyone. Flew on 3/18/17 to Aruba via Fort Lauderdale. Flight #103 and #885. We encountered several delays - never once being updated by airline personnel of what was going on. Same thing on the way home on 3/25 - flight #886 and #126. Can not believe you can't even get a cup of water for free. Seats do not recline. No wifi on any of flights we were on. Worst airline I have flown with."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from San Diego to Chicago. You get what you pay for. I had a few problems along with the aforementioned baggage fees, minimal leg room, no reclining, no snacks/beverages, etc. Granted, I made a mistake that I felt were swiftly taken advantage of by Spirit, who seems to be out there to make quick buck. I forgot to print my boarding pass at home, so I used the self-check in booths. After two booths threw error messages at me, I proceeded to line up at the kiosk to print my pass, where the attendant told me to go back to use the self-check in, otherwise she informed they charge $10 to print your boarding pass. After arguing with her and telling her the self-check in booths weren't working, she finally waived the fee, not without warning me next time. I don't know which airline would charge 10 dollars to print a small piece of paper."
"Verified Review | Absolutely horrendous airline. Our flight was delayed 3 hours in Boston due to them needing to \"jumpstart\" the plane, missed our connecting flight also through Spirit to Cancun. They did not accommodate a flight for the same day, they made us stay overnight in a hotel missing our whole day at our all inclusive resort and gave us vouchers of $100. Then they gave us food vouchers that only worked at the restaurants in the airport so tell me how that makes up for the dinner and breakfast we needed to eat at the hotel. I'm worried for our flight home in fear we will miss our connecting again. I do not recommend this airline for anyone."
"Verified Review | My experience with Spirit Airlines was the worst that I have had with any airline. Between them changing my flights and all the delays, it took me over 30 hours to get back home to Atlanta from Las Vegas! They changed my return flight to travel from Las Vegas - Los Angeles - Ft Lauderdale - Atlanta. My children and I will never make this mistake again. I didn't even include all the problems I encountered with booking the flight. In the long run, I would have saved money and time booking with a more repritable company."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Tampa to Detroit. Cancelled the flight 4 hours after it was to take off leaving a plane full of passengers stranded. They did not accommodate hotels cars or other flights. The only thing they said they would do is offer a flight two days later. This ended up costing $2000 for new flight hotel and rental car. Please do yourself a favor and never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Houston to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. First flight. If you have a maintenance issue be prepared for a canceled flight. Not enough planes, not enough maintenance crew and after a 5 hour wait yes, you will be canceled. Tip: Never pre-pay for hotels or car rentals, Spirit will give you a voucher for what they think is fair and you will not make your destination on time. Value in this case turns out to be expensive. Whatever you have saved is not enough to cover the losses."
"Verified Review | Worst airline I've tried. Spirit Airlines cancelled my flight from Atlanta to Medellin 5 hours before departure. When I look for a solution at the deskfront, they told me they could give me another flight but 48 hours later. I asked for an urgent solution, and they told me te call to the call center. When I called, the only thing they told me was that they would only return the value of the one way ticket. They did not provide me with me any other solutions, and I had to pay 3 times the price for another flight, with a delay of 16 hours from the previous expected arrival. They did not returned the money that I payed for the additional baggage (USD 50 +tax)."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from San Diego to Chicago. For what you save in money you pay for in comfort and convenience. Seats have no padding on them and you are sitting on basically metal seats. The aches and pains start fast into the flight. When you land you'll often be greeted with another plane at your terminal causing a big delay or crashed computer systems. We have been sitting and waiting to pull in now for almost 2hrs. This will be my final flight with this airline. To those of you who read this I would spend the extra $100 so you can fly comfortably and conveniently."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Orlando. I have always heard that you get what you pay for, and hadn't ever considered Spirit, but a friend flies them frequently & has not had a problem, so I decided to try it. Big mistake! I live in Wisconsin, about 1/2 hour north of Milwaukee, but Spirit flies out of Chicago, so we got a hotel room for the night before our flight (because it was leaving at 6:40 a.m.). When we arrived at our hotel, I checked to be sure our flight was on time. This was when I found out our flight was cancelled & we were bumped to a flight 4 1/2 hours later. Absolutely no notification at all! We tried to verify via their web site, then called their customer service line. They couldn't even find our original flight & insisted it didn't exist, even though we were looking right at our confirmation! After at least 10 minutes, someone else finally got on the phone & said, yes, that was originally our flight, but the time was changed a couple times, then the flight got cancelled two weeks after we booked it. There were also two changes to the flight we were changed to, for a total of 5 flight changes. They say they notified us by email, but neither myself or the friend I was traveling with ever received any of those emails (and we're both very organized people). The really sad thing is, at 2:00 a.m. that night, Spirit finally sent an email to my friend saying our flight wouldn't arrive until 3 hours later than we had been told! Our entire first day at Disney would have been blown! Again, we couldn't verify this by their web site (it was never able to upload, even though every other web site worked), so we decided to go to the airport. No one there knew anything about an arrival time change, and our flight landed on time, so the one email we did get from Spirit was wrong! In the end, we ended up spending more because of paying for a hotel in Chicago that we didn't end up needing. Totally messed up experience. We will never fly them again. They only reason I gave them 1 star is because their seats are fairly comfortable & the crew was nice."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles via Chicago / Denver. My experience has been surreal so far and the flight isn't even until tomorrow. I saw an email saying that you are charged even for carry on bags but could be charged a little less if you checked in online, which already steamed me because I only chose this very inconvenient flight to save money in the first place. In order to check in online you have to make an account with spirit's website first (I used a 3rd party to initially purchase tickets). But every time I would enter my info to register an account, it would tell me I had to be a passenger to register and I wasn't a passenger. Spent the next 2 hours simply trying to reach a human on the phone when trying to call any number I could find online. Finally found the secret path to reach an operator on one of those 'find a human' websites (call main number and press 4 at the first set of automated prompts, then 1 for the next set, then 5 then 7 then 3) Apparently, the name they had was spelled so messed up it's why I wasn't being recognized, yet my info in the confirmation email I received from the 3rd party I bought the ticket from was completely correct. The operator corrected my name and told me to try again but it still kept saying I was not a passenger every time I got to the last step of the registration process. This is where I really thought I was going to go crazy. Every time I explained to her that I was unable to make an account since I wasn't being recognized as a passenger, she would put me on hold for a few minutes then come back and say in a different way that in order for me to check in, I'd simply have to make an account first, it was as though she was a living version of the automated system. I would follow a new set of her instructions just to realize she was walking me through the process I had just attempted 500 times, too stuck in her 'what to say next' manual to understand that my very problem was the registration step itself. After 45 minutes of this, me almost in tears with frustration, she said that I could just check in for free at the airport and handle my carry on bag charge over the phone with her but there would be an additional $50 over the phone charge. She finally put me through to a supervisor who did charged me the regular online price of a carry on and could not provide me with a digital receipt or confirmation on this for the airport tomorrow. 3 hours this took."
"Unverified | Orlando to Philadelphia. As a new customer with Spirit, it was apparent to me that the airline does not have the capacity to efficiently handle when things go wrong. Normally, it's not a big deal when flights are cancelled or diverted because most other airlines have large fleets, multiple flights going out on the same day, partnerships with other airlines, etc. However, with Spirit that is not the case. When my flight to Ft. Lauderdale was diverted to Tampa, myself and many others were left stranded. We also sat on the plane for 2 hours before we were able to de-plane. Most other airlines allow the customer to reschedule flights online in the event of a cancellation; however, we were all forced to reschedule with an agent at a desk. This was an extremely inefficient process, as about 300 people from multiple diverted flights waited in line for hours to re-book their flights.This seemed unnecessary and it just added insult to injury. When it was finally my turn to speak with an agent, I was told that my only realistic option was to get a flight at a different airport the following morning. This wouldn't have been too much of an issue except I was offered no compensation for the cost of a rental car or hotel room, which is an estimated $150-200 additional expense incurred due to an incident that was no fault of my own. Given the additional expense, this eliminates any cost savings in choosing to fly with Spirit. In other words, it defeats the purpose of choosing Spirit over other airlines, who are well equipped for handling these types of scenarios. I was offered a $50 voucher from Spirit towards a future flight as compensation for the time and money wasted. I find this insulting, as it doesn't even cover the cost of transportation to the other airport. It also assumes that I will do business with Spirit again, which I have no intention of doing in the future. When I was about to board my flight home the following morning, we were told that boarding was delayed because the flight attendant was late. About an hour later, we were able to board. At that point the message was clear to me that flying with Spirit leaves much to be desired. It is simply not worth it."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Los Angeles. Flight NK185 Flight was supposed to board at 4pm on 27 February. After waiting 2.5 hours for flight delay, we called to get a refund. A call that took 25 minutes and ended in - no we cannot give a refund until the flight is cancelled. During which time the flight staff communicated they had \"no idea what the problem was.\" None of the digital displays were showing any updates for change in departed time. Our flight said it was on time after 4 hours of being delayed. 2 hours later after walking around and not being updated by the displays we get back to the gate to find out we had to exit and go back to ticketing to get a refund. No announcement had been made to the rest of the airport, even though announcements for individuals leaving a belt behind at Security had announcements. Then we waited for 3 hours in line with the rest of the flight to find out what to do because we were all stranded. Then a customer service rep for Spirit handed out cards that said to visit www.spirit.com/rebook, in order to skip the line, but that web address does not even exist. Then we finally reach customer service and they said they can't give a partial refund - my fiancé needed to get back and already booked a flight with Delta. I was hoping to save some money from the whopping 200 hundred plus upcharge for needing to book last minute, and rebook through Spirit. Unfortunately I had regrettable customer service from the attendants, who rolled their eyes and gave intense attitude. They said they couldn't refund one ticket and not another and get a hotel voucher. Never flying with them again. Most abhorrent excuse of a company."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Las Vegas. The first thing that sent a red flag was they changed our gate 3 times. They tell us we have to pay for a carry on. You have to pay for anything to drink. Then when we landed they told us which carousel our luggage would be on, and switched that 4 times, then told us to move to the side of baggage claim so they could get everyone's address/hotel info to deliver our luggage because it never left it's original place, that took 2 hours. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again! In the long run it is more expensive and a huge hassle!"
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Newark. Longest line to check in. They had like 2 staff checking in hundreds of people. Thought we were there way too early but in reality we needed to be like like 5 hours early. A teenage could design a more efficient check in line. Avoid this airline like the plague. Not to mention they charge you for everything including printing your boarding passes. If you don't check in online it's $10 per person to check you in."
"Verified Review | San Jose to Fort Lauderdale. Our flight was canceled six hours prior to departure and we only received an email. There is no phone call no help rescheduling our ticket. We called the number and the staff was unable to find us adequate tickets quickly enough and seemed unable to navigate The search menu for tickets. It was extremely frustrating to talk to somebody who had trouble understanding us and do not know how to use the system. Upon arrival to the airport staff was rude and did not know how to we book our flights. The line was extremely long and moving extremely slow early because the staff cannot even help a single person. I was the fifth person in line to rebook my flight and I was not help for over an hour. This is unacceptable. Spirit staffers mail trained in inadequate to handle situations such as these. About the cancellation of the flight the reason they gave us was at the crew didn't show up."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Phoenix. The rudest customer service ever experienced. Spirit Airlines double charged me for my ticket, and when I called and made my way through the maze of numbers to finally speak with someone, she was so rude. I do expect to get the duplicate charge refunded (fingers crossed) but there was no apology, explanation, anything. She basically took care of the refund and hung up on me."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Portland. If I could give a negative review I would. Flight cancelled, claim we can't go from to Portland til two days from now, can't put us on another airline, reading from script. Horrible, inhuman service. Do not ever use them. Cut me off, refused to take a callback number."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Kansas City via Orlando. I don't have a problem with the flight being delayed, I know it happens. My problem is with the rude staff of this company. There was no announcement made (over the PA system) about the 2 hour delay, I received an email at 7:45 a.m. (20 minutes after scheduled boarding) about the delay. I went to the scheduled gate (H8) desk to inquire about the notification of the delay, and an employee, very rudely, informed me that the announcement was made at gate H5! After conferring with other passengers, I confirmed that this was indeed a flat out lie, everyone found out by the late email! 10 minutes later while sitting about 20-25 feet away in the Kafe' Kalik I kind of hear the same employee yell something about the delay and the new departure gate H7! Completely unacceptable!! The tickets are cheap but definitely not worth the hassle of dealing with rude inconsiderate employees who are supposed to help make an inconvenient situation more manageable! Thank you, but no thank you."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Cancun. By the time I paid all the extra fees for \"frills\" like bringing a small carry on in addition to my purse for an international flight, the price was the same as other airlines if not higher. The pricing is not at all competitive, it just appears to be until you show up and discover it's a trap to get you to book what you think is a cheap flight. I see what their trying to do, but I really think they need to drop the carry on fee (at least!) if their going to survive. All in all I will not fly with this airline again nor would I recommend to a friend. It all just feels a bit slimy to me."
"Verified Review | I was on the flight from San Diego to Houston on 19 December 2016. The flight overbooked so Spirit asked for 10 passengers to give up their seat with another airline to Houston. All 10 volunteered passengers received a free round trip voucher to fly anywhere with Spirit. Anyway, I used this voucher to book for a flight from San Diego to Houston on online and it turned out that this voucher is worth only $49.06. I called Spirit and they told me that I cannot use this voucher for online booking. The voucher can only be used for booking over the phone so I told them the departure and return dates I want for the trip to Houston. After a minute of checking, the Spirit representative told me that the return date (Monday) is not available for booking over the phone with the voucher (it's available only for online booking). However, there are return dates on Wednesday and Thursday. I chose to return on Wednesday and it turned out that I still have to pay for the amount which they called booking fees same as the cost of booking the flight on online to return on Monday. In short, their free 1 round trip voucher is useless."
"Verified Review | This is the worst experience I've had with an airline. My mother and I were flying from Atlanta due to the flight being non-stop from there. Major traffic jam. We were 2 minutes late for our flight. It was friday. We learned that the next flight from Atlanta to Tampa was sunday from a very rude employee, who was obviously desensitized. There was a man there that was giving the employees hell about missing the flight. After dealing with rudeness and inconsideration, my mother and I walked away to go home. As we were walking away, they recalled the last call for the flight (we assumed that they wanted to appease the man giving them a hard time). We turned around and ran to make the gate. They closed the door the minute we got there and told us they were not opening it again. I called the airline, spoke to a guy with a deep accent that I hardly understood. He told me that this was nothing in their control and that they will not giving me any refund or voucher of any kind. Paid for my flight about three weeks in advance, completed online check-in and paid $160 in advance to check in bags. I got nothing. I will never take Spirit again."
"Unverified | Myrtle Beach to Niagara Falls. The worst service by any company I have ever dealt with. They cancelled my flight due to weather, which was non existent. I checked with both airports and weather stations and Doppler. They wanted to rebook my children and I for a flight 7 days later then our original itinerary. When I asked to fly from a closer airport they wanted to charge me more for my return flight. Their solution was to fly all night, change planes 4 times for an extra $1500! That was my first hour plus on the phone with them. I did my own research, and found Latrobe to be my nearest airport at 4.5 hours away and a return flight to Myrtle Beach 4 days later. My next hour plus no the phone with them was to argue the additional fee they wanted to charge to rebook me. Finally they extended a one time courtesy to change with no additional costs. However I still had to rent a car and pay all expenses involved with the trip with no reimbursement. My children missed extra days of school and events. This company doesn't value their clientele's time at all. You are just a dollar amount to them. The plane is dirty, seats uncomfortable, they nickel and dime you. Everything is extra including your seats. Would never recommend this airline to anyone!"
"Unverified | St. Thomas to Ft. Lauderdale. While they have better legroom for basic traveler over United, their on time departures get a \"F\". Sat in St. Thomas Airport for 5 hrs on February 18th. We found out the morning of return travel that our plane was going to be delayed by 30 minutes. By the the we got to the airport is was 2 hrs. Then didn't take off for another 45 minutes. Basically your whole day revolved around Spirit. Plus their land and air crew need to get their stories straight. The ground crew told us the delay was due \"to too much traffic in the sky around Ft. Lauderdale\", while the plane crew was telling us it was due to, \"rain delayed in Atlanta\". No way to run an airline."
"Verified Review | Houston to San Diego. Flight was delayed for 6 hours. They said was maintenance needed. Now expected to be here until 1:30am so won't arrive in San Diego until 4:00 or so in the morning. Will never use this airline again. Gave us a $50 voucher to use for a future flight but have to book within 60 days. As if!"
"Unverified | Las Vegas to Boston. My son recently passed away. My husband felt I needed much needed time away. We were on our route home when an hour into flight we had maintenance problem. We stopped in Colorado. We weren't even offered a cup of water. After 3 hrs did we get back on board. We had to land again in Colorado yet again. We hadn't even left the state. This time we were told we had to refuel. After an hour we were now told we needed to switch crew. Again we weren't offered not a glass of water. Our 5 and a half hour flight turned into 11. Not once were we given food or a drink. They told us we would get voucher with $50 on it. It's to be use on another Spirit Airlines within two months. I will never use this airline again so it's virtually useless. It was unacceptable. I understand having an emergency landing once but twice?! Never in my life have I had an experience this horrific. Along with the 77 other people on flight. There was a child under the age of 5. She was not offered water or food in the dreaded 11 hour flight."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale. Buyer beware, this was a truly horrific experience. Arrived at airport prior to the check in time on our ticket that we printed at home. We were to be in a fast lane for bag check. Over 1 hour later almost 30 of us were denied access to board plane because they made almost every other person repack their bags in front of them - not allowing anyone to pay overage charges. People missed connecting flights, missed birthdays with grandparents and missed cruises. The staff was not friendly or compassionate or applogetic. Took 27 minutes to get refund receipt which will take up to a week to receive!"
"Verified Review | New York La Guardia to Chicago. The worst experience with an airline I have ever had, and I didn't even make it onto the plane. The flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems on the plane, which happen, but if you can't repair it within a few hours, that gives me pause about flying with that airline at all. I was only notified of the cancellation by email; some other passengers at the airport had not been notified at all. I waited in line at the counter at the airport for nearly an hour, although there were only a few people ahead of me. The computers and the employees were extremely slow. When they checked in people for a flight that was not cancelled, it took at least 15 minutes. Then to deal with people who wanted new flights for the cancelled flight took even longer. Their automated check in kiosks were not working. Staff were all very young and unfriendly, and unhelpful. They could not find another flight out for me for over 24 hours. The fact that there were no other flights was not their fault, but their dealing with it and lack of apology about the situation was ridiculous. On top of all that, when they pulled up my information to give me a refund, my information was associated with an address in Alabama, and I have never lived in Alabama, nor would I record my address as being there. The airline was careless with my personal information, and it's still a mystery how my credit card is associated with an address in another state. I will never again book a flight with this airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Orlando to Boston. My big gripe with this airline is the cost for luggage. A bag that normally is considered a carry-on cost me $50 and my suitcase also cost $50 when JetBlue only charges me $25 and the carry-on is free. $100 dollars for a suitcase and normally a carry-on? Are you kidding me? Its partially my own fault for not flying JetBlue both directions. Next time I use kayak or another website I'll make sure Spirit is never an option for my travels. Completely unacceptable."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Phoenix with Spirit Airlines. Worst rip-off and scam, charging $65 for all carry on luggage. Nowhere on the online booking via Justfly.com were we told that Spirit Airlines charged for carry on luggage. We flew American Airlines from PHX to DFW and no charges for carry on luggage but was hit with a fee flying with Spirit Airline from DFW back to PHX. The staff were rude and arrogant aboard the plane as well as at the ticket booth. We will never fly Spirit Airlines again. They cost more than any other airlines once you add these ridiculous fees to the flight. The plane was antiquated and very uncomfortable. They even charged passengers for water. Something offered for free on every other airline. I can't imagine any other way for Spirit Airlines to gouge their customers that wasn't used. Stay away from this airline."
"Verified Review | Chicago to San Diego with Spirit Airlines. Bag charges were not consistent to the posted signs at gate and different than the internet specifications. Only some people with roller suitcases were charged extra while others weren't charged. Bags in one city deemed carry on were not the same in another city. Customer service could not answer why I was charged more at the gate than what is posted on their own website? Very frustrating to deal with a company that does not understand their own policies."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Los Angeles via Dallas Fort Worth. Worst airline ever. They advertise low prices, but charge ridiculous prices for carry on's, luggage, snacks, seating, boarding. I paid $150 for one 35 pound bag to and from my destination. I had a layover in Dallas and they charged me an additional $50 for my bag to arrive to Los Angeles, which was my final destination. The plane was dirty. You would expect that with all the fees they charge, the plane would be clean. The flight attendant was rude."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles. Spirit Airlines is the worst airline to deal with for anything. They nickel and dime you, but that aside. I just attempted to cancel my flight 11 days before I was schedule to fly. I had to cancel due to an unforeseen family emergency and they told me that all they can do for me is offer me less than half the value in credit with their lousy airline, and I have 60 days to use it. This is atrocious! I will avoid Spirit like the plague. I've flown with them once before and hated it, but now that I know how they due business even outside of the airport, I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | This was our first time and last time booking with Spirit Airlines. Flying out Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale. Our scheduled flight was for February 4th at 2:30 AM. We drove to the airport to check in (over the border as we live in Canada) and got to the airport for midnight and were told the flight had been canceled due to staffing issues for the plane. It completely ruined the beginning of our vacation and we lost 700 dollars in reservations for our full day lost. They gave us a whomping 50 dollars to use to fly with them within the next 2 months. What a joke. So happy we chose to fly back with Allegiant Air. A much more established and reliable company. We started googling Spirit after and realized they use this excuse often, so be careful. Allegiant is just a cheap and way more reliable."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Houston. When you get to the check in terminal there is a nice $55 per bag charge for carry on or checked. Also arrived 56 minutes before departure on return flight and was told that I couldn't board because I was 4 minutes late. Asked what they could do and was told I could book another flight for tomorrow. Flew back on United. Never using Spirit Airlines again. This airline won't last long doing this to customers."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. Will never be giving another penny to this company. Flight was delayed for bad weather (not in their control) and we were notified via email of the issue. A 21.30 flight turned into a 01.40 (again, not in their control) and yet we planned accordingly. We got to the check-in kiosk at 12.45 to find it empty, the self service kiosks offered no Spirit icon to print out a boarding pass and the only people willing to help was TSA. TSA had explained that they had left the kiosk quite some time ago to board the plane. So let me get this strait, Spirit has the same people printing tickets and boarding customers?! Unbelievable! I was directed over to Alaska Airlines (an airline I'd recommend to anyone) to see if they could print out our passes and they were unable to assist, but it's not their job to pickup where Spirit fails. I'm not alone in this, there were nearly 20 others waiting at the kiosk to whom also missed their flight. This evening resulted in $220 tickets, 2hr drive, $25 parking fee and a missed weekend with family. As a member of the military and in high hopes to see family I haven't seen in almost a year this has been the worst experience with any carrier I've ever had. I literally watched my flight leave without me. Maybe Alaska Airlines can continue to provide me with upstanding service that Spirit Airlines can't. I'd wait for the next flight, but maybe you'll be having your employees cleaning the restrooms since you already have them wearing several hats. It's now 02.30 and I'm driving back home and not on my way to family. We've been notified since last night that we're each getting $50 travel vouchers for Spirit - are you kidding me?! Doesn't cover half of what we put into this fiasco and we get vouchers back to the worst airline experience ever."
"Unverified | The first Spirit Airlines flight from Havana to Fort Lauderdale went fine. There we checked our luggage in again and got our new boarding passes. We went to the gate where we waited to board. 30 minutes before the flight were scheduled to take off, it was announced the flight was cancelled due to not enough staff. So we had to go down and get a new ticket for the following evening and got some coupons for a hotel and some coupons for some food (7$ pr meal, a meal was about 20$). We had a small, local flight in Panama we would miss, and they wouldn't do anything to help us. So when we got to hotel at 1 am, we had to go online and book a new ticket. The next day we go out to the airport 3,5 hours before we are flying out. I have never seen so many people waiting in line. They must have known a lot of people were getting to the airport. But they still only had a few counters open. It took forever and there was no help and not at once did anybody said they were sorry for the convenience. Never going to buy a ticket from that company."
"Verified Review | Newark to Orlando return. How can I start - the seats are not comfortable, customer service sucks, you get charged for everything, if you want to speak with someone over the phone is really hard to get on the phone. Besides my flight got cancelled few hours before coming home when all the other airlines were working fine. I call to find out the just keep offering me USD280 refund so I could book another flight with 4 people - they didn't offer any help on finding another fly or which it was costing me USD480 for four people. I had to book another hotel because they couldn't even get me a hotel which they simple didn't care the fact that I was with my daughter 8 years old. They just simply say we \"offer you a refund\". I been to other airlines and when they cancel my flight they put me into a hotel to at least stay until the next day. The fact that I lost a day of work my girlfriend lost a day of work my daughter lost a school day and my brother in law lost a college day and their answer was we could offer you a refund got me so heated. I will never take this flight again they don't care about their customer at all, they are train to say we'll refund you money bac."
"Unverified | Dallas to Minneapolis. Spirit Airlines cancelled the flight without any explanation and only gave us half the money or next day flight which didn't work for me. I am upset now there is a 16 hour drive in front of us I'm tired. I wish I mover chosen this company and I'll try to avoid it in future."
"Verified Review | LaGuardia to Bogota via Fort Lauderdale. We had a terrible experience with Spirit Airlines. They catch you by having low prices, and then charge $50 for a checked bag and also charge for a carry on bag and seats! They do not offer any free food or beverages in flight, even water. You may purchase an 8 oz bottle over water for $3. The seats are awful and don't recline and there was no in flight entertainment whatsoever. On our return flight we had a layover in Fort Lauderdale. There was a storm in the northeast so our flight to LGA was cancelled, which is understandable. However, when I called to reschedule my flight they told me I had already booked the flight and therefore could not book a new one. I had to fight with the representative to convince them it was impossible for me to board a cancelled flight and was finally offered a new flight 2 DAYS later. I booked a new flight with American Airlines for the next morning and called Spirit for a refund. I was told that because my flight was connecting, I was ineligible for a refund, despite it being cancelled. It took me asking for a supervisor and yelling at them to get a refund. Absolutely unacceptable customer service. I would never recommend this airline to fly. It is one thing to have low prices and charge for extras, but good customer service should be a given."
"Verified Review | Houston to Tampa. Paid extra for extra wide seats and not only were they not available in row 2, but they sold the third seat in that row. Flight attendant was no help, and she stated \"oh sometimes they do that.\" Spirit Airlines is refunding our money but that is not what we wanted. Bait and switch!"
"Verified Review | Denver to Phoenix. Run don't walk! Don't be fooled by Spirit Airlines low prices. They get you everywhere they can and on top of it the line at airports just to drop bags is insane with like 1 clerk working! Never again. Crowd on plane low cost for sure."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Las Vegas. Small uncomfortable seats. I am a small person at 5 feet tall and I found the seat narrow and leg room very limited. A six-foot male passenger riding in the window seat of my row was so cramped I gave him my aisle seat. Surly flight attendants. I was charged for everything onboard, including water at $3.00 per small cup. Charges ($40.00) for carry on luggage."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Las Vegas. Flight was delayed 2 days due to \"weather\" - not in departure or destination, but in other parts of the country where the plane must have gotten held up. The airline made me re-pay ($45) to sit next to my husband (even though we had paid already for our original flight). I was on the phone for over an hour to not have to repay the 60$+ dollars for the checked luggage that \"disappeared\" from our reservation. Moreover, it appears that without my approval our credit card was overcharged $16 from what they originally told me I'd have to repay. The seats are tiny and you cannot recline. The flight attendants were rude. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again! The $260 round trip flight for my husband ended up costing $490+ after fees/ baggage and 2 days of neither one of us working due to the delay. How horrible!"
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Los Angeles to Detroit. Worst customer service and not military friendly at all. When we booked we were told that the military gets free luggage (which turned out to be a lie). On the flight my 3 year old had to go to the restroom, he was screaming he had to go potty but they wouldn't allow him up to use the restroom. He soiled himself and the flight attendant said (this is why you carry extra clothes when traveling). The seat belt sign was on however the flight wasn't rough at all. The flight attendant was more concerned with the other passengers getting their alcohol because they received cash tips. This was a red eye flight and was the loudest flight I have have traveled due to drinking, music, and young passengers. More suitable for college kids. It was our first and last time traveling with this airline!"
"Verified Review | I regularly travel with Air Koryo, which is consistently rated the world worst. I can say without hesitation that Spirit Airlines is far worse. My first flight with them was last year, when they allowed me to board my first flight, cancelled my connection and told me the next connecting flight was in a week. The customer service agents were rude and unhelpful. Now on my second and last flight with Spirit from Chicago to Denver, they have once again cancelled my first flight and wont provide me with any compensation. They are blaming it on the weather but there isn't a single airline other than Spirit that has cancelled another flight. The base price might be cheap but they look to take advantage of you at every corner, it always ends up being far more expensive for a truly horrible experience. Shameful."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Las Vegas to Denver. I have been more delayed flying with Spirit in one vacation than my entire life of flying. I got delayed flying from Denver to Las Vegas by 2 hours then delayed flying back by almost 3 hours. I will never fly with them again because the price definitely matches what you get."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Plattsburg via Orlando with Spirit Airlines. We arrived 3 hours before the flight (domestic), waited for those 3 hours and we were still not at the check-in counter. The first 30 minute wait was outside the airport and that morning it was 42F degrees (5C) outside. Some people (with freezing chlidren) in line had printed bording passes and only carry on luggage, but still had to wait. We had already printed our bording passes and we could have just dropped off already paid luggage. During those 3 hours (with our 3 children), it was total chaos at the counter and 5 police officers showed because of bad management from the Spirit agents regarding unsatisfied and stressed customers about to miss their flights. Agents were calling for travellers (not by intecom) for flights that were about to leave. Not everyone (especially those outside) could hear the annoucements given by the agent. Finally, we heared the call for our destination and we were rushed to the counter. After check-in, we ran to the security zone. Another agent was calling for flights about to leave and rushing us to the security. After that, was the run. Our 3 children were crying because of the stress of the run with their bag and not having time to go the the washroom before getting on the plane. We finally boarded and left without all passengers. At arrival at our destination, we had a missing luggage. Waited another 45 minutes before we could talk to an agent and fill out the necessary papers. The luggage arrived 1 day after promised arrival (4 days after the flight). After leaving 7 voice messages to the luggage service department (because no one sems to answer at that number) we finally got a general email about how to claim missing luggage which was not specific about our situation. Over all, our experience with Spirit is qualified as very poor and unsatisfying. We travel 3-4 time per year and this is by far, the worst service received."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying Spirit Airlines from Dallas to Seattle, almost all my flights have been canceled or delayed. I had to stay in Los Angeles for the night to wait for another plane. I arrived the next morning and my next flight ended up being delayed as well. I will never fly this airline again. Cheap airline and unprofessional."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. So irresponsible! The second flight canceled with this airline within 3 days. And plus a damaged luggage and missing 2 important meetings. I won't recommend this airline if you have something scheduled or a connecting flight. You can fly with them if you have time to spend in the airport, like 10+ hours."
"Verified Review | Denver to Houston. Spirit Airlines is not that much cheaper than a regular ticket. They make you pay for seat and check in bags are $45 and overheads are $40 one way which is outrageous. Seat is $10-25 and of course food is bought too. United ended up being the same price that we paid. Spirit is horrible with keeping their flights on time. I really would never fly on this airline again."
"Verified Review | My wife and I had a wedding to attend in Miami on 1/7/2017. We booked with Spirit to fly Boston to Fort Lauderdale return, due to their low fares. We hadn't read any reviews or fine print on Spirit's website. We booked through Expedia where none of that information was readily available. We arrived at Logan Airport a few hours before our flight the morning of the wedding. Earlier that morning we \"checked-in\" online to both the flight to FLL and the return flight back to BOS. We never received any notification that either of these check-ins did not go through. We got to the airport and printed out our boarding passes at the kiosk without any issues. The flight was delayed - likely due to the very unfortunate circumstances at FLL on 1/6/2017 and the snow that was happening in BOS. This was understandable as neither of these things can be controlled by any airline. The flight eventually left and we arrived late to the wedding, but still had a good time. We did not try to check a bag although almost all other reviews show that this process with Spirit is miserable and filled with problems and headaches. We arrived the next morning to FLL for our return flight and waited in line to get to the counter to print out boarding passes. The line was long and by the time we got to the front well over an hour had passed and we were 1.5 hours out from our departure time. The representative at the counter told us to use the kiosk to print our boarding pass if we weren't checking a bag. She called for the next in line without even bringing our information up so we walked over to the kiosk. The online check-in clearly didn't work as we kept receiving an error message when we tried to print them. We went back up to the counter and asked if she would print our boarding passes. She said we must not have checked-in online 24 hours or more in advance so there was nothing she could do even though we paid for tickets. She refused to put our information in and manually print a boarding pass which blew our minds. They refused to refund the flight or put us on another flight without paying for it. We argued with various representatives at FLL for some time and eventually the flight we were supposed to be on - and should have been on as we arrived 3 hours before it was scheduled to depart - took off. We both had to be at work for 8 am that Monday morning so at 8 am Sunday we rented a car and drove 21 hours straight through the day and night to get back and go to work. During that ride we called Spirit customer service. The first four attempts were received with a busy signal - it's 2017 what business doesn't have call-waiting or something equivalent?! We finally got through and we were placed on hold for over an hour. When we finally spoke to a representative they couldn't do anything without their supervisor. The supervisor finally spoke with us (and sounded suspiciously like the person who answered originally) said there is nothing I can do your reservation is marked as a no show. How are we a no show if we waited at the airport for 3 hours waiting for someone to print us a boarding pass? Spirit refused any responsibility and said tough luck you can always choose another airline. And that is exactly what I will do in the future. I do not understand how you can pay for a flight months in advance and then be denied a boarding pass and a refund for that flight when they refuse to print it."
"Verified Review | Flight #612 from Minneapolis to Chicago was due to leave at 6:36an. At 4:03am, I received an email telling me that the flight had been cancelled. No reason given. Weather in MSP certainly wasn't an issue. It was clear and calm. This kind of thing happens often with Spirit Airlines. It's simply not an airline for grownups. The fare was cheap, but boy do you get what you pay for with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Orlando. Terrible! Worth money to fly with other airline. Upfront cost may be low but consider you have to pay for carry on bags despite the bags meet carry on size and weights - $55.00 each. Trip not so cheap now with family of 4. Brought this to customer service attention she stated \"you could have paid upfront it would have been $25.00 a bag or you could have chose another airline\". I've been flying for years. I flew with my 3 children ages 17,14,13. They all had carry on bags \"with handles\" that we paid $55 extra for however this lady said they had to sit in zone one and I would have to sit in zone 2. Absolutely not going to happen. Will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Newark. Flight planned on Saturday 7th January at 5:06pm. Cancelled at 1pm. Waited in the line at the airport during 7hrs (we were not able to change the flight online or by call). Got another flight at 9pm the same day, delayed at 10:15 and eventually cancelled again. Another 2 hour line to hear the next flight available would be on Tuesday (total 11 hours at the airport). We requested a refund. No accommodation proposed, poor communication, very poor customer service. We had to pay another flight with United + 2 extra nights in hotel. This company is not reliable, worst experience ever. They told us bad weather was the reason althought all other companies landed in Newark the same day."
"Verified Review | Aguadilla, Puerto Rico to Fort Lauderdale. My Spirit Airlines flight showed to be on time on 8th January. It got cancelled 7 hours previous boarding. I went to the counter since the customer service line was impossible to reach an agent, nobody showed up until 1am. There was no information whatosever. When the employees showed up, nobody knew what was going on, they tried to say that it was because the incident (shooting) 2 days ago. All other airlines were delayed, because of the storm, which I figured was our case. They offered to accommodate us in a flight 5 days after! Really, like you have no job. Also if there was a flight departing from San Juan they asked you to pay $180. I ended up getting $172 as a \"refund\" (I paid $490) and I had to book a flight for $642 via AA. Worst experience ever! It is insane. No customers skills whatsoever, nobody really know what was going on. An airline that charges you for everything cannot have these type of service. No reasonable acommodation, no even a voucher. This is very disrespectful. I rather pay a little more for a decent service. Hopefully we don't have to deal with this poor service for much longer. There were other flights cancelled and delayed but immediately the airlines looked for reasonable accommodation to keep the customers calm."
"Verified Review | My husband who requires a wheelchair and I were returning to Myrtle Beach via Ft Lauderdale. When in Montego Bay, because I had informed Spirit we required a wheelchair, they provided an attendant who stayed with us and preboarded my husband on the plane. When we arrived in FL we were told to wait until most of the customers had deplaned so that they could provide wheelchair assistance. There were over 10 people that required this and Spirit at 3 people at gate - and they parked my husband in a corner and then attended to another flight that just arrived. By the time we got through customs, we had missed our connecting flight. No one at Spirit would help us - I even asked just for a recommendation on a hotel for the night and they would not help us. The ticket counter informed me that I could not get a flight to Myrtle Beach for another 72 hours. So I booked two one way tickets to MB on another carrier for $1250.00. I called and informed Spirit once I returned home of the issues and six weeks later they emailed me with excuses ranging from I had not informed them my husband needed a wheelchair to I never talked to anyone at the ticket counter. Therefore, they were not at fault. The person emailing has come up with excuse after excuse to not reimburse me for the additional tickets after it was Spirit's mishandling of customers that required assistance. I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | I booked a flight with Spirit Airline from Minneapolis to Philadelphia via Atlanta and it was my worst experience. We landed in ATL from MSP and waited for our next flight to PHL which was to leave at 7:43. They kept delaying the flight until 11:30 before they told us that they canceled the flight due to fuel problem. They give us 3 options 1) To refund us the fare from Atlanta to Philadelphia. 2) We can get on the next flight to Philadelphia at 7:43 the next day or 3) they will give us customer credit. I was so confused and didn't know what to do, because it was my first time in Atlanta, moreover I didn't know anyone to spend the night with. After the give us these 3 options, they never accommodated us. I spent 2 days in the airport waiting on my flight to Philadelphia. The worst of all, they have poor customer service. Their workers don't know how to talk to customers, they're very disrespectful. I'll never ride with Spirit Airline. If you're reading this and was thinking of riding with them, I'll encourage you not to, because you won't like your experience. They're not reliable."
"Verified Review | On Monday 01/02/17 Customs computers crashed causing major delays Nationwide. We were stuck on the Tarmac for 1 Hour & a half. I understand 100% that the delay was due to customs not Spirit Airlines. My problem is the way Spirit Airlines handled this situation. They showed absolutely no compassion or concern for their customers. They basically said they don't have to do anything for us because it was customs fault not theirs. The only flight they offered was for Wednesday at 8.50pm. They didn't offer to help us get a flight on another airline and did nothing to help us find a hotel. The staff at the counter were so rude to everyone there. The prices seem lower but when you factor in the obscene baggage charge you end up paying more and get treated like garbage in the process."
"Verified Review | Flew from Houston to Baltimore. Spirit is the worst airline ever. Seats very uncomfortable, can not be tilted. Very little leg room. They did not even provide a glass of water. There was no entertainment such as TV etc. They trap you with a lot of hidden fees. Avoid this airline at all costs."
"Verified Review | I was scheduled to fly out of Houston into Ft. Lauderdale at 12 noon. On the way to the airport I got an email stating my flight would be delayed until 2pm. I ran some other quick errands and arrived to the airport on time for the delayed flight. I was traveling with my almost 2yr old daughter. To make a long horrible story short, Spirit allowed us to board the flight, wait 45 mins while passengers and crew got on then asked us to exit the plane so that mechanics could assess a mechanical problem. We left our luggage on the plane and went back intothe terminal. Fast forward hours later after several delay announcements each time with a later departure time I went to the counter and requested a refund. Come to find out, the plane needed a part that had to be flown into Houston. I requested my luggage me returned to me and waited an hour in baggage claim to get my luggage. I never received my daughter's stroller back! I ended up driving my daughter 17 hours to Florida to meet with her grandmother. Spirit finally ended up officially canceling that flight around 11pm that night when I was already on the road to Florida. And for my trouble they gave me a $50 voucher! I filled an online claim and spirit took days to get back to me. Then they said I needed to download the paper format of the claims form, fill it out, attach original receipts, and mail it to their office within 30 days of the date I traveled. Obviously they are hoping people wouldn't bother to go through all this trouble to recoup their losses. Horrible airline with no professional way to do business or way to treat their customers. They will never receive my business again. You truly get what you pay for. Cheap can sometimes be very expensive!"
"Verified Review | I booked my flight on November 15, 2016 and paid extra for more leg room and checked bags. On the flight to Florida the flight attendant in a rude manner asked me to change seats because I had not pay for extra leg room. I showed my ticket and receipt, but that was not enough. We had an argument and she was very upset. On the way back my flight would leave Florida at 8.50pm. I got to the check in line at 6.33pm. I asked for information and the rude attendant told me to wait in a line outside. We are talking a 1 mile line. Many passengers asked for updates and no answer was given other than you have to wait. At 8.30pm someone decided to help me. They did no want to check me in because it was too late however, I had been waiting since 6.33pm. They wanted me to pay extra for a flight in the morning. They did not want to pay for a hotel. They did not want to refund my money. Never fly Spirit if you have a chance. You will not save any money and you will have to go though lots of stress. They are not professional."
"My husband and I booked through Priceline round trip tickets to Fort Lauderdale through Spirit. We planned to leave the day after Christmas. If everything had gone according to our plans we would have landed in Fort Lauderdale around 11:30am. We were going on a cruise and had to board the cruise ship no later than 3:30pm. When we arrive at the terminal gate, we find out that we are flying standby, because that is how the flights are arranged through Priceline. My husband and I paid for our flights in November and never received any information that we were flying standby. Well, the flight was overbooked and there was no other Spirit flight to Fort Lauderdale until 6pm. The Spirit ticketing agent did not seem to care that we could miss our cruise and potentially could have lost alot of money. Now, we are racing through the Atlanta Airport desperately trying to find a flight to Fort Lauderdale. My husband and I had to pay over $500.00 for one way tickets through Southwest Airlines to Fort Lauderdale. We barely make it onto the cruise ship. Spirit gave us a refunded for the amount of that portion of the flight, but it doesn't matter because we spent more money on Southwest than the amount of the refund. To make things worse, on our return flight we get to the Spirit check bags kiosk area at 6:50am and we are greeted with a line that wrapped around the inside and went outside about a block in length. Our flight was scheduled to leave at 8:55am. We waited in line, fearful of unknown. Around 7:40am, they start weeding people out based on their destination. We make the flight with only minutes before the gates close. We will never ever fly Spirit nor use Priceline again! Travelers do not use third party booking companies, please book directly through the company in order to avoid an unpleasant, stressful, and costly trip."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Kansas City. I am a first time flyer and wish I read these reviews before I purchased the Spirit Airlines tickets. Our plane was supposed to board at 9:18AM, the flight was delayed to noon due to not having a full crew. At 12:10 they tell us that the plane has not even left the other airport yet, so we are delayed again but they dont know when the plane will arrive. I called the customer service number, they told me they can do nothing for me over the phone. I talked to the front desk, the guy behind the desk was getting yelled at by a mob of angry customers. I waited until they left to talk to him about the issue and he gave me new information that I should be arriving in Kansas city about 4/5 hours late. The customer service for this company is god awful and I would not wish this service on my worst enemy."
"Verified Review | Bought my grandson round trip ticket from Fort Lauderdale to Denver with Spirit for it's competitive price and schedule. Then had to add essentially another near $200 for standard hold bag, carry on, and personal carry, plus seats. Essentially could have flown him almost first class for the same amount. Then as he is boarding in FTL, they charged him an additional 40 dollars, his expense money for the return trip, since he was returning with a larger bag. The details were he combined his carry on and hold baggage into one. I had paid for both already, but now they felt the hold bag with the carry on was too heavy. Slightly over 40 pounds. Thus he only had the one hold bag and no carry on. Simpler for him and them, yet they would not credit the weight of the carry on to the hold bag giving the kid a break and logical. So they took his trip food money as their last ditch effort to improve their margins. Spirit is no bargain and I'll never use them again. They are only out to rip off the customer anyway possible. I would also add he waited over 30 minutes before the bags got to the carousel in FTL. Deplorable."
"Verified Review | Flew from Denver to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Worst flight I have ever taken, on by far the worst airline I have ever flown. The flight was delayed twice with no explanation. I am 6' tall, the leg room is so bad my knees were hard up against the seat in front of me the whole flight. The seats are very hard and uncomfortable. The baggage limit is only 40lb (almost all domestic is 50lb, so between 2 passengers I had to pay an additional $69.00. You can not even get a water on the flight without paying for it. Flight attendants spent almost the whole flight sitting in the galley watching their iPads. Once landed we had to wait some time to find a gate. As I write this, 45mins after the flight has landed, I am still waiting for baggage, as the arrival board still has not announced which baggage carousel."
"Verified Review | Bought two round trip tickets on Spirit Airlines to travel to St Thomas from Atlanta (Dec 22nd to Dec 26th 2016) via Ft Lauderdale, FL departing from ATL to Ft Lauderdale at 10.10am EST, then catch connecting flight to St Thomas from there. In the morning (Dec 22nd 2016 day of departure) get notice that flight #877 (Atlanta to Ft Lauderdale) has been delayed and will miss my connecting flight to St Thomas. Customer service was awful over the phone telling me to go to the airport counter to get issues resolved rather than help me get another flight. Once I reached the airport I am told that the flight will now be delayed 2.5 days (from Thursday 10.00 am to Saturday morning) and no other flights available till then. The reason was the crew did not show up in Philadelphia where the flight was supposed to take off. So I am supposed to miss my entire vacation due to their ineptness - no other ticket/flight was offered, nor did they make an effort to contact other airlines to help us reach our destination or anything else was provided. I cancelled my entire round trip ticket, asked for refund and had to personally go to other flight counters to ask for last minute tickets at 3 times the price I would have paid if I had booked those other airlines in the first place. Service at the counter was awful, no help, airline does not care about its passengers. The lack of help, professionalism, and options are shocking. I had to buy last minute Delta tickets at the counter for a 3pm flight paying double the original price."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Medellin with Spirit Airlines. Do yourself a favor, pay a little more and avoid flying with this airline. Everything is bad: very poor customer service on board and ground (you can't even recline your seat), very uncomfortable planes, you pay for every single thing on board and airport, terrible customer support if you have any changes or need to speak to someone."
"Verified Review | Houston to Orlando. Not worth the advertised low price because you will end up paying more in the long run! I am very unhappy with Spirit Airlines as a company. I recently flew from Houston, TX to Orlando, FL with my children. My flight was changed from an afternoon flight to a 6:45AM. When I called to change to another non-stop flight on the same day they notified me that was the only flight time they had non-stop that entire week. I check in the day prior to our trip and have to pay $36 per carry on (that's after I joined their $9 club for $59.95) So I paid $144 to take (2) small overhead pieces of luggage. Btw, while waiting for our flight they announced prior to boarding your carry on items will cost $65 to be taken on the plane and once they have called for the 1st boarding it will increase to $100. On our return home (Christmas Eve) our flight was delayed to 1:30, then 3:30, 5:30, and then to 8:30pm. When I asked why the delay the told me a flight attendant was ill and they were trying to find a replacement in Minneapolis where are plane was coming from. They told us they would not officially cancel the flight till 8pm at that time they would make accommodations for us or put us on the next flight out (the following day 12/25 at 1:30) but they only had 1 ticket. The next flight she could book my children and I on would be 12/27. OR I could cancel my flight, they would refund me my money for that flight of $500, but I had to book my own flight with another company. After all that I logged online and booked with united for $1300 one way just to get home for the holidays. Incredibly disappointed with the service of the company and how they nickel and dime you along the way."
"Seattle to Los Angeles. Spirit Airlines is the worst I have ever flown. Customer service is poor. They inform you by email that the flight is delayed by 2 hrs, but they still tell you to print your boarding pass with the original boarding time. When I showed the email to their customer service agent, she told me that she has no idea about the flight delay. I will never ever fly with this airline again."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Minneapolis. Never fly Spirit - teaser pricing is a scam and flights delayed by 3+ hours, with awful customer service. This is the second and last time I fly with spirit - yes the teaser prices are enticing but my first flight to Philly was delayed 8 hours this summer. I thought I'd give it another shot but then this current flight to Minneapolis is delayed 3 hours, who knows could be more. No voucher provided, the staff does not update us and the screens are not updated. The only way to know is to incessantly check email. Also, Spirit and Frontier are the only two airlines that don't accept global entry /TSA pre check."
"Houston to New Orleans. Horrible customer service. This is my first time flying Spirit, I usually fly American Airlines or United but this was a last-minute flight I needed to book. I was unaware that they charged extra for baggage and tried to pay for my 1 checked bag the day before my flight and however my information would not go through. I called customer service to do it that way in hopes that they could assist me. The foreign call center staff I talked to were very unhelpful and rude. Will not fly Spirit again."
"Detroit to Jamaica via Ft. Lauderdale. First impression of Spirit was not pleaant. The planes are small, cramped and you pay for everything. $3 for a water and soda. I dont mind paying, but they never asked. On the second leg of our trip, our flight was delayed a total of 4 times. The reason given was air traffic control. Other flights had no problem leaving on time, yet ours was delayed over 3 hours. The staff were quick to say it wasn't their fault. We lost 3 hours (so far, we haven't left yet). There is a beautiful resort waiting for us in Jamaica, that we cant get to. Do not fly Spirit Airlines if you value your vacation time. The small savings is not worth the bad service this airline provides."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Fort Myers. Spirit Airlines does not provide a service, they provide basic transportation. You can't even get a drink of water without paying. The excuse of passing the savings onto the customer doesn't apply when you charge high prices for basic needs like water on a 3 hour flight. Shameful."
"My wife and I were traveling home on Christmas Eve. The flight was delayed one hour for \"missing aircrew\" and then canceled when the on call aircrew didn't show up either. They directed all of us to pick up our bags and go through ticketing again to find another flight. There were hundreds of us and only 3 ticket agents assisting with other available agents refusing to help. They stated we could get a refund or wait an hour and see if they could book us on a different airline. I was asked if I wamted a refund without even asking me if I wanted to try to get another flight. They were rude and understaffed. Thank goodness AA was there to get me a flight twelve hours later to get home. I will never fly or recommend Spirit again."
"Flew Spirit from Boston to Las Vegas. Aircraft was brand-new well-maintained but other than that it was a nightmare. It was like a cattle car with wings. I'm 6 foot one and I had to sit sideways with my knees buckled up, my 11-year-old son was like a carry-on bag sitting next to me. We had to pay extra to get our carry-on bag checked in so in the end the deal was thrown out of the window, we would have paid just as much with JetBlue with all the amenities they supply. The seats were hard plastic almost circa 1975 with hard rubber pads were a cold. You know it's bad when the hotel in Las Vegas you check into, the front desk personnel laughs about you making the same mistake he made some time ago when he came out here to live. It's the old adage, you get what you pay for."
"Flew from Detroit to Tampa. Spirit had extremely long lines to drop off your bags (200 feet+) and was so behind they had to start calling several flights per hour out of the normal line into a special line thereby leaving all of us who showed up on time to check in standing while some people ran into the airport and got right through. Don't bother paying to go through security faster because it actually took longer than everyone else due to inadequate staffing. 8 am flight ~ no crew, no ground crew, no indication the flight was ever going to take off and at 7.15 we were told there was a delay until noon. At 11, still nothing and no \"maintenance\" appears to be going on and we're are delayed until 1.30. Not to mention flying in it took us 1.5 hrs to get our bags."
"Verified Review | The first time I flew on Sprit Airlines I had a bad experience but I thought it was a one time thing so I gave them another chance. Even with the charges for everything. My experience on this trip was even worse. My connecting flight to Vegas (through Minneapolis) was delayed 2 hours then another hour once we boarded. They offered us free water. My trip back to Atlanta (through Detroit) was delayed at least 3 hours (still sitting at the airport). They do not update you in the terminal. They do not offer any apologies, comps, or alternatives even though the website says you can choose another flight if your travel plans cannot be changed. Do yourself a favor and pay extra to fly on a real airline."
"San Jose to Orlando via Fort Lauderdale. I've been fortunate enough to travel in 54 countries and been on over a hundred flights in the past ten years, mostly in developing countries. Whilst not my worst flight experience, Spirit Airlines is a very close second. I'm not going to address their obscene baggage fees because you can learn that in advance if you do your homework. First, they are one of the only airlines at the San Jose airport who does not include the departure tax in their fare, which is an additional $30. You won't discover this till arriving. This is effectively a deceptive hidden cost and again, they are the only airline that does this. Second, I was selected for additional screening, which is fine. I mean, we all have to take a it on that once and awhile, right? The problem is they selected me again when I arrived at the connecting airport. Security staff at both airports told me that the airline is the one that does the random selecting, they're just stuck enforcing it. The Spirit rep of course said it wasn't their fault for the obvious screw up and took no responsibility. Next, both flights were delayed despite clear weather. The second one by 4.5 hours, pushing a 11pm arrive to a 3:30am one. When I asked the rep how I was supposed to get home at 3:30am as no one could get me then, she told me that wasn't her problem. It's amazing to me how an airline can behave this way, shuck any responsibility for anything, provide no explanations and still stay in business. Fly anyone else."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Newark. I took 3 flights within a week and 2 were delayed over an hour! I'm going to make this short. I had to fly to Tampa from Newark. I took a one way Jet blue ($68), which worked out perfectly. On my way back I took a Spirit Airlines flight ($78) which made a stop in Fort Lauderdale. TPA to FLL was delayed 45 minutes. There was a 55 minute window between that connecting flight. TPA assured all the connecting passengers that their flight to EWR was notified about a delay so we can still catch our connecting flight. At FLL, the door was closed 15 minutes ahead of schedule and about 30 people missed their flight! The plane was just leaving the gate and the agent apologized. They offered us new flights for the morning which meant spend money on a hotel and taxi. They offered hotel vouchers that didn't help out either because Expedia had the same hotels cheaper. So the gate agent asked me which morning flight would I like to take? She offered a 6am, 8am, 11am, 5pm, 8pm. I asked for the 11am flight, she gave me a new boarding pass, I was tired, exhausted, then took an uber ($23) to my hotel ($115). Ordered food ($32) and went to sleep. Woke up at 8am, called an uber ($26) back to the airport, checked my boarding pass, was given the 6am flight. Now I'm angry because the gate agent made a mistake. I went to Spirit desk to change the mistake, explained everything in a normal tone, unfortunately there was nothing they can do or the supervisor (both were very rude). I was left with no choice but to purchase a 11am flight ($110). Moral of the story, stick with major airlines. A cheaper flight ended up costing me more then what I'm used to paying. Then they end up taking advantage of your situation and leave you with no choice but to spend more $$$."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Ft Lauderdale to LGA. This is the worst airline out there. I have absolutely nothing positive to say about them. They advertise \"cheap flights\", which is completely incorrect. The same flight was significantly cheaper with Delta. Between the rude customer service, which coincidently is impossible to reach, the website that continuously crashes while trying to purchase a ticket, which I suspect must be a ploy so to can't read the fine print \"we charge $50 so you can lug your luggage through the airport\", the list is endless. When I was finally able to reach someone in customer service, it was apparent that I was calling overseas. They were both rude and condensending and they refused to deviate from the script and answer my questions. I could have gotten my ticket cheaper through Delta but wanted an AM flight. Boy do I regret my decision!"
"Verified Review | The plane flew the route and did not have engine or other problems, and it landed at the correct airport roughly when it was supposed to. This is the main positive. I won't state all the negatives, but I doubt I will take Spirit Airlines again. This airl charges for everything, including a printing of a boarding pass if you have the agent print one for you when you check in your bags. What if you paid $750 for a ticket but don't have money with you to pay for the boarding pass, are they going to tell you \"sorry you can't get on the plane.\" Is this even legal. We had a check-in bag that was heavier than the limit for the basic check-in we had prepaid. So we had to pay extra. The agent overlooked that we had prepaid for our check-in so charged us the full price of a heavy bag, rather than the difference between a heavy bag price and what we already had paid. We had a connecting flight, so we paid extra twice. We are now trying to get a refund for the extra we paid. No drinks, no food on the flight. The plane was not full, and we asked the ticket agent if I could sit next to my niece who was on the same flight, and we were told we had to pay extra for this (a customer on the plane moved for us so we could sit next to each other, so problem fixed, but the airline did not help). Flight attendants were not very courteous. Airline did not move baggage from this flight to our connecting flight, so we had to go get our bag from Spirit baggage claim and go check it in at the Spirit counter for the next flight."
"Detroit to Fort Myers. While sitting at the gate for Spirit Airlines, an announcement came over asking passengers if they would like a free voucher if they were willing to go on a later flight. Since I fly Spirit quite often, I decided I would give it a try. What sounded like a great deal was nothing but a nightmare. I called to redeem my voucher only to find out that I could not use it on the days I needed it. In addition, I was told I needed to pay an extra $100.00. I had already paid for my flight, and because I thought I was getting a free flight, I would not have to pay. I was never told I would have to pay additional costs or that I could only travel when the days were available according to them. I was told that the days I wanted were booked. That was a lie. I went on their website and checked before I called Spirit. I decided I would book and pay for my own flight on the days I wanted, not theirs. So, bottom line, if you think a free voucher is free, think again. Such a headache to deal with these people. Not worth the hassle."
"Spirit cancelled their flight from Los Angeles to Chicago just a couple hours before departure. Their website plus all other online flight statuses showed the flight was on time until just an hour before the flight was due to take off. Their excuse is due to weather in Chicago yet no other airline is cancelling flights. I got rerouted to Dallas and expect to get into Chicago at 9PM now instead of the original 3:40PM. No food vouchers or any other compensation is covered for the inconvenience. 30 minutes before we're due to board the plane to Chicago we get an announcement the plane we're taking is coming from Baltimore, but has been delayed. In fact it hasn't even left the Baltimore airport. Had Spirit made an announcement on time or via email I could the gotten a cheaper flight on Southwest that would have gotten me home hours before the Spirit flight. Spirit offered to refund my ticket which is obviously not feasible as I'd just be stranded in the airport. This was my first and last time traveling with Spirit. Yes, the tickets are cheap, but by the time you add in the cost of a carry on (you pay for anything bigger than a small purse or bag and they'll make you pay $100 at the gate if you don't pre-pay before trying to board), plus the poor customer service you'd be better off traveling with another airline."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Phoenix via Dallas with Spirit Airlines. During my layover to Dallas Fort Worth I was able to board my plane after 20 minutes but was told we had no pilot. We were then told to exit the plane and that a pilot was 30 minutes out they would then start boarding us once the pilot told us he was in the parking lot. After 45 minutes we were then told our flight was cancelled due to no pilot. I was unable to book a flight home within 24 hours and had to get a refund as well as most passengers. Spirit Airlines crew seem to have no care for the chaos that myself and other passengers we're dealing with - many were there with children. I was then told that I would get a refund within 7 to 10 business days and that my luggage would be refunded any immediately. I then had to come out of pocket and pay $232 to fly with another airline and my luggage was not refunded right away. I missed a day of work and spent over 40 minutes trying to find a ride home from the airport. I do not recommend."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines flight from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando was suppose to depart at 9.55pm. It is currently delayed for the 4th time and now due to depart at 1.30am. No one has come to explain why no one has bothered to tell us, it's just a display on the screen. Poor customer service, people with connecting flights have been here since noon waiting to go home. A flight that takes 45mins. A drive that takes 3 hours we have wasted time waiting on a flight farther them just take us on a bus. I will never waste my money on this airline again."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Orlando. Do not fly on Spirit Airlines. My elderly mother arrived to FLL for her flight to Orlando at least an hour before her flight at 8:25 this morning. She only had a personal item and no luggage. I ordered her a wheelchair when I booked this ticket. She was told to have a seat and no one every came to get her. She was then told to go get her own wheelchair from the storage area. She had her boarding pass electronically on her phone. They refused to accept it and would not print her off a new one. She ended up missing her flight. She never even made it through security because they neglected to help her. She has a strong accent although she speaks English, but was told they didn't understand what she needed. They are now charging her $100 to rebook the ticket for 9:55 tonight. I have not been able to get anyone on the phone to resolve this issue. The airline supervisors have refused to speak to me so that I can advocate for my senior mother. My handicapped elderly mother is in tears and alone stuck in an airport with nobody who is willing to help her. This type of treatment is absolutely unacceptable."
"New Orleans to Chicago with Spirit Airlines. I really don't mind paying for everything in order to keep my price low. I do detest the fact that the flights are never on time. I should not have to pay a small fortune any order to leave and arrive on time. It is not fun sitting in the airport all day."
"Dallas DFW to Laguardia with Spirit Airlines. I joined the Spirit Club so I can save on my bags. When I go to check in my bags, they did not know how to retrieve my information. I ended spending $140.00 on my baggage. On the return flight from LGA-DFW we were 5 hours delayed. During flight, once seat belt sign was turned off, I got up to use the lavatory ad the flight attendant told me I had to wait cause he had been waiting to go - I could not believe he told me this. The service was terrible. I will never fly them again nor recommend them ."
"Orlando to Baltimore with Spirit Airlines. This cheap airline becomes very expensive when you have to pay for luggage. I drove 100 miles to save a couple hundred on airfare but little did I know by the time the gouge you for luggage I would have saved money flying out of my local airport. Will never fly Spirit again"
"Denver to Houston. Spirit Airlines is the biggest rip off. By the time you pay $50 per carry on bag and paid to sit together, you have paid more than larger carriers. I will not fly this airline again. The quality of seats is horrible and the staff are completely rude."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Baltimore to Ft Lauderdale. Awful airline. Double booked seats causing confusion (with flight attendants) and delays when already boarded. After waiting for take off told they needed more fuel, 40 mins later plane still hadn't take off. As everyone said you pay for everything - it really isn't less expensive!"
"Atlanta to Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. This is the worst airline I have ever flown with by far. My husband and myself flew with Spirit as a connecting flight to our honeymoon. We flew out of Atlanta, and their employees are some of the rudest people I've ever encountered. My biggest issue was being assured that our bags were safely placed on our connecting flight with JetBlue, then later to be overseas and find out that they indeed were not. We were reassured day after day that they would be there tomorrow, but ironically never got them. We paid $200 on bag fees, for bags that never made it to our destination. Icing on the cake was after our trip, we made it back to the Ft Lauderdale airport that our bags were sitting at the airport all week. When I demanded an explanation, and my money back I was told that they had no athority to do so and that the night manager just forgot to load it on the plane. I have called, and called, and called so many times and no resolution. I tell everyone I know to never fly with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Fort Myers to Detroit. The amount it costs to check bags through this airline is absolutely insane. Most airlines will allow you to bring a carry on bag free of charge but Spirit charges you a fee that is even more than it costs to check a bag. Then if you have a heavier bag, they charge double the fee for that bag? I've spent more money on getting my luggage to and from my destinations than my actual plane ticket! They reel you in with cheaper airline fees only to slam you with the cost to check bags. Very unhappy and will look for airlines that include more in the future."
"Verified Review | First time using Spirit Airlines. When I post a review, I like to list pros and cons, however I am unable to do so because there are no pros. This airlines states that it has the lowest fares, but after paying for the tickets for 1 child and 1 adult, for one carry on, and seats (yes, I had to pay for the seats-I have never heard of this) I paid 340+. Friends who were going to the same place we were at the same time and leaving from the same location missed the flight check in by mere minutes and were unable to board. They booked a later flight and chose Southwest - paid 220, were able to check a bag, have a carry on, choose their seats for free."
"Verified Review | Ft. Lauderdale to Atlanta. Need to rethink staff. Plane was stuck in San Juan due to aircraft not receiving fuel. This delayed the flight for another 3 hours. The notification to all passengers was sent too late for travelers to adjust their schedules or make prior arrangements. This is an everyday occurrence that defines the significance of the staff knowing their job and not just looking for the next paycheck. Many people's lives were interrupted due to an employees inability to provide sufficient service per their employer Spirit Airlines. It's not the planes fault, but those who manage the functionality of the craft. The snacks are unbelievably expensive. This was my first and last time. Choose wisely folks."
"Las Vegas to Los Angeles. My Spirit Airlines flight was cancelled due to technical reasons. So I missed my connecting flight back to Europe. Unfortunately the tickets for the connecting flight could not be re-booked, so I had to buy 3 new tickets. In addition I had to pay one extra night in LA and two more taxi rides. I then tried to get the extra cost back from Spirit Airlines. After 3 months (!) they finally told me: it´s not their fault that I had to buy extra tickets, stay one more night in LA and pay taxi rides. Complete waste of time and effort."
"I have no complaints for the most part about Spirit Airlines; however, there were two things I want to make mention of. If you're planning on paying the additional $50 pp for the 'wide seats' near the front, keep in mind that if you're planning on sleeping (especially if you're taking a 'red-eye' flight like we did from Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale a number of times), you're best off to just take a regular seat since the flight staff will be chattering away (very close to you) and you will have a hard time sleeping. My second concern is regarding a flight I took on Sun October 30th, leaving from Fort Lauderdale going direct to Niagara Falls, NY. I called the day before to discuss the assistance I would need as I was travelling on my own and had 3 heavy bags, 2 of which were keyboard cases, not easily loaded onto a normal baggage cart. I was told (clearly) that I would not need to worry, that a person would be ready to assist me with these items; I assumed they meant by using a flat-bed type cart or possibly just having a person help me to carry them through to a place to be held while I waited in the lineup to check in. No such luck, a terrible time."
"Due to fly Spirit Airlines from Costa Rica to Fort Lauderdale. Showed up at airport 3 hours prior to departure 11am, to be told to leave and come back at 10pm, to then be told there is no connecting flight from Fort Lauderdale to Phoenix where we live so then was told we had a departure from Fort Lauderdale at 8.30pm the next day with no room, shuttle or anything. When I went to complain they said it was not their problem but mine. So we left and came back to check in and talk with a manager and to be told they don't have time for me and to call their number next. Worst customer service ever."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Cleveland. I've flown Spirit Airlines several times, always with the same bag because I was told on my first flight that it passed as \"free\". However, now on what was probably my 10th flight using that same bag, I was charged a fee of $100 because, as the attendant at the gate informed me, I didn't check it before boarding. Why would I check it before boarding when it's always been free? She just kept repeating the same thing over and over that I should've checked it before boarding. Zero customer service, and totally unprofessional. Also, there were 3 of us with the same circumstances, one of which was a younger teen traveling alone with no credit card to pay for her bag. Completely ridiculous. My cheap flight just cost me more than I would've paid for a flight with an airline that would've given me a more comfortable seat and dare I say it, a cup of coffee and snack."
"Verified Review | Houston to Philadelphia via Minneapolis. This review is about much more than money since it is clear from previous reviews that Spirit Airlines is a financial money pit. My poor experience began before I even stepped into the airport. The online check in was very difficult requiring more than the typical confirmation code, my company booked my flight so I didn't have an email and password. So I tried to call! That was a frustrating and fruitless effort. Spirit calls themselves web based, I guess they think that means they don't have to help anyone as they want all issues to be sent via their web site. Sometimes you just need a human to help. Managed to get on the plane and the flight attendant was kind. That is the only good thing I can say. The seats suck and do not recline. My real trouble began when Spirit Airlines delayed my connecting flight by an hour. They sent texts/ emails and announced the delay. So imagine our surprise when we go to gate at the delayed time and they say they already shut the door. We can see the plane but they would not let us on after they announced a delay, they decided to retract the delay. There were others trying to get to a funeral and they had no customer service, no advice, nothing helpful. We lost our money, had to book other flights and try to reclaim our luggage since that was on the plane we watched pull away while the very rude \"supervisor\" did nothing but blame us for \"missing the plane\"! We were there to board at the delayed time they told us to be. I will never never fly Spirit Airlines again and I urge you to go elsewhere. You will not save money anyway, trust me."
"Verified Review | New York LGA to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. The worst airline ever. The flight from NY was delayed by 4 hours and return flight was delayed by 1 hour. There was a weird pungent smell in the cabin. I was sitting with my friend in the penultimate row and there were employees of Spirit Airlines flying who sat in a row behind us. They were loud and inconsiderate. We were sleep-deprived due to delay but could not take a nap because of those loud employees. This is the worst flight ever. It is worse than the Greyhound bus."
"Las Vegas to Seattle with Spirit Airlines. Worst airline ever. Yes they have cheap tickets but will literally charge you extra for everything else. $55 for 1 carry on both ways, no complimentary snacks or pop, all must be paid for. $10 to have an attendant print your boarding pass for you. That's just the beginning. It would of cost me less overall to just book with Alaska or Southwest. Do not fly with this airline."
"Dallas DFW to Montego Bay with Spirit Airlines. Yes, the flight prices are cheap. Yes, you get what you pay for but I did not pay for the bad attitudes. I did not pay to be lied too - I can get that for free. They told me that I could not board the plane because after I paid $300 to check my bags, my one personal carry-on was too large and I must pay another $100.00 to board with it. I advised the staff that the contents of my purse is in the bag, their response was $100.00 before you can board. I took out all ID, cash, cards, and jewelry. I then let Spirit Airline keep the bag. They will get something from you one way or another. No more will I subject myself to this. Save money at what cost."
"Boston to Baltimore with Spirit. This airline is a disaster. The outgoing flight was 2 hours delayed and the incoming flight was cancelled. The only other flight they had for that day was 12 hours later and when I called to get a credit to book with another airline they tried to sell me a credit card. Customer service is really bad - it's one thing to provide a cheap alternative to other airlines where you only pay for what you use. That makes sense. But Spirit Airlines is unreliable in the one thing we need them to be reliable - in keeping with with their schedules and not cancelling their flights and leaving their passengers with no other alternatives."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Newark with Spirit Airlines. First time using this airline. I've traveled on Ryanair so I knew the usual fee for a hand bag and the whole printing your boarding ticket before hand. My issue is I boarded a plane that was suppose to take me to Newark. Midway in the air the pilot says there is a \"maintance issue\" and we'll have to land in Atlantic City. They tell us there will be a bus to transport us to the Newark airport when we arrive. We waited at the airport for 4 hours for a bus to arrive. To then ride a 2 hour commute - during the morning rush hour. A flight that was originally suppose to leave at 9pm didn't leave until 10:30 pm due to \"weather conditions and air traffic\". There was no weather issue in neither of the 2 cities. Called the company after work (which I was late to due to this) and was put on hold 10 times to be told there is nothing they could do for me because I got on the plane and they provided transportation. They're the most uncoordinated, unorganized, unprofessional, ethicless company I've come across. I spent more than 12 hours in 2 different airports and all I was given out of it was a $50 voucher for future flights. For lack of better terms, they can shove it. I rather pay hundreds of dollars more for another airline than to be paid to use this airline."
"Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. I have flown with Spirit Airlines numerous times. More than I really should have. I never check a bag and I either do carry-on or stuff my bag under the seat in front of me. Low fares, direct flights. It's a homerun. Not flight 419, meant to be taking off at 12:45p and land at 3:30p. Up to the point of showing up, the flight was on time. Walk into the terminal 2 minutes later, immediately 7.5 hour delay because of \"mechanical issues\". We all know how this plays out. Anyways, now I am stuck in CLE. My girlfriend and I decide to wait it out and go into downtown for food and wound up going to the game. Great time, but while at the game I check the status of the flight. Delayed again another hour. So instead of leaving at 8pm we are now leaving at 9pm. We arrive back at the airport at 7:45pm to catch our now 9pm flight. Wrong - now it's delayed till 10pm. Wait around for a bit because the ticket desk employees, who look like they have been through this several times, said it might delay till the next morning which it did. Now delayed till 10:36am the next day and this is not guaranteed that the flight will show up. Instead of saving face, the airline should have cancelled flight immediately. Refunded our tickets (100 or so passengers), give each of us a $50 voucher for our trouble and save face. Instead they dragged us through the mud. Held us hostage at the airport because they do not give out hotel vouchers if it's a \"delayed\" flight. So if the flight were to arrive between 10pm and 10:36am and you're not there then it's your fault. So now we have to pay for a hotel room. So instead of a cheap convenient flight like we scheduled. We had to pay an extra $300 for an American Airlines flight the next morning. Oh and here's the best part. After I had cancelled flight and told I was getting a refund, Spirit Airlines decided to send $100 in flight vouchers. Try to pull a fast one on yours truly."
"Chicago to Boston with Spirit Airlines. I booked through Priceline, and had no problems with delays - the flight left on time. That's unfortunately the end of anything positive I can say. The inexpensiveness of the plane ticket is negated by the absurd baggage check fees - $50 for the first checked bag, $55 for a carry-on, extra charges for anything over 40lbs (other airlines allow up to 50lbs). Cramped seating with non-existing legroom (I'm 5'5\"). The crew was friendly enough, but nothing special. Do yourself a favor and take a different airline - you'll probably end up saving money."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Denver via Dallas DFW with Spirit Airlines. Ripped off with excessive luggage charges. We booked a complete round trip flight from Denver to Cancun and back via Orbitz. Our flight to Cancun was on United and our return was on Spirit Airlines. We had no problems with United, they were great. The Spirit return flight consisted of 2 legs with a layover in Dallas. Instead of charging us once for our bags being transported from Cancun to Denver, Spirit insisted on charging us twice, once for our flight leg from Cancun to Dallas and then again for the leg from Dallas to Denver. My wife and I had to pay total bag fees of $160 - $40 for each bag on each leg of our trip. I called Spirit to dispute the charge but they refused to help, saying that I must have made a mistake when I booked the flight. I didn't make a mistake, I have been successfully using services like Orbitz and Expedia for years."
"Detroit to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Worst nightmare, 6 months ago, I booked 7 tickets to take my children, husband, and mother to Fort Meyer, Florida. 2 weeks after my booking my flight they sent me an email saying the flight had been cancelled and that I could cancel or modify my reservation without fee. I assumed that since they had cancelled the whole route for that day, I would get my money back and rebook with another airline. In tiny small print at the bottom it says \"no refunds\". After getting the run around I knew I wasn't getting my money back so I chose another airport to fly into which would give us a 2 hour drive from our destination. Still I tried to see the bright side. It was still a direct flight and we would get to drive through the Everglades since we were now flying into Fort Lauderdale. The new flight was set to leave Detroit at 6:30 am and arrive in Fort Lauderdale at 9:30 am. So myself, 4 children, and my husband drove to Detroit the night before knowing we had to be at the airport at 4:30 am to check in. At 4:18 am we received news of the first delay as we were already arriving at the airport. Plane has been delayed until 1:00 pm. We were upset but figured we would go back to hotel and get some extra rest. We arrive again at 11:30 am and are told the flight is delayed until 3:00 pm. When we arrived at the gate we were told, the flight was cancelled and that the next option was to wait until midnight or get a plane to Philadelphia and then connect to Fort Lauderdale. We chose the plane to Philadelphia. We got on that plane at 3:20 pm it finally left at 5:30 pm after 2 hours on the runaway and us being told various reasons why it wasn't taking off. Non of the reasons were the same depending on who used asked. Long story short. We arrived in Fort Lauderdale at 10:45 pm and then enjoyed a 2 hour drive to fort Meyers through the Everglades in the dark. In the time it took Spirit to get us to our destination we could have driven to Fort Meyers and saved our sanity. We are now here but missed are whole first day and night of our 1 week vacation. My kids never want to fly again. Save your money and your sanity. Spend a little more and fly a real airline."
"Verified Review | I guess the saying is true you get what you pay for. I chose to check my bag because with this airline you also pay for carry on bags, well what they did not tell you online is that you have to pay to check your bags going and coming. You pay twice! With the extra charges you can buy a ticket with a better airline and get better services that are included in the price with no surprises. Had to pay extra going back because this was not clear. The service helper at the check in line for bags at Detroit carried on conversations with her employees, had no clue what she was doing and over all no consideration of others."
"Boston to Las vegas with Spirit Airlines. I was arriving at the airport when a pop up message showed on my phone \"your flight is cancelled\". I had a hotel, car, everything booked on my name and a few other friend's flying from other cities, so it wasn't an option to do not go. When I arrived at the airport they told me the next flight was on Sunday, I couldn't do that. I had to buy a other ticket with Jetblue for $1200 one way. Spirit just gave my money back. I just tell you, don't book with them, the price that you save in the ticket is not worth all the headaches in the end. If you add up the price of a carry on, sometimes it's better you pay in another company. Never ever again, Spirit."
"Portland to Orlando. We chose Spirit Airlines because it was a little bit cheaper. This was a huge mistake. My friends and I saved up for a long time to go to Disney World. The day of the flight we got a notice delaying our flight. This was fine, we simply adjusted our transportation. A few hours later they delayed it even further. Then, we received a third notice saying our flight had been cancelled. We were completely shocked and immediately called customer service. They hardly spoke English and seemed to just repeat some key phrases. \"We are so sorry this has happened\" and saying they did not have authority to complete our request. They also disregarded us again and again when we asked to speak to a manager. All we were offered us was a refund or a flight that would (maybe) get us there 2 days later. We explained that even the full refund would not pay for 1 plane ticket we needed to purchase that day. They didn't seem to care. We also explained that we only had so many days off work and we had reservations and hotels already booked for our trip, they just kept repeating themselves and not seeming to comprehend anything we said. All and all, I will never book with them again. Luckily, a kind family member had airmiles and we had a great flight with Delta."
"New York LaGuardia to Sacramento with Spirit Airlines. Never again under any circumstances. Horrible experience. I booked through Kayak.com and approved stops (as opposed to to non-stop). I learned only upon printing boarding passes before the flight that there would be 3 stops between NYC and Sacramento. We packed (one each) size-appropriate carry-on bag and one under-seat carry-on - no indication of additional baggage charge. At each stop, all passengers are required to disembark with luggage and then get back on the same aircraft. That's a total of 8 boardings and de-boardings for one cross-country trip on the same plane. Each stop required new boarding pass and significant waiting in line to board. At the first stop (re-boarding), the boarding gate staff declared that our carry-on luggage had to be paid for. \"What? We boarded the first leg with no such requirement. No agent mentioned a baggage charge.\" The attendant was astonishingly rude and hostile, pulled us out of line, saying, \"If you don't go pay for that luggage, you're not getting on this flight.\" My kid was in tears. We walked 75 yards to an agent desk and paid $75.00 for the 2 carry-on bags which were free when we boarded the first leg. Seats are terrible, uncomfortable, and non-reclining. Never, ever, again will I use Spirit Airlines."
"Flew from Chicago, IL to Myrtle Beach, FL. The only reason I choose Spirit is because of the low price. If there's a competitive price from another company I'll chose the other company in a heartbeat. The person at the check-in counter did not want to check in our bags because we got there 40 min before departure time (instead of 45 minutes). It was a really small airport and almost no people at security. Before even letting us try to catch the flight he started saying that we need to come back the next day and pay $98 per person. He decided to let us try to catch the flight only after I told him that we have a baby with us and that it would be a huge effort for us to stay another day. We arrived at the gate with little effort and the bags also made it to the destination. Spirit is a low cost company but tries to make money anyway it can. Southwest which is also low cost is 1000 times better."
"Spirit is the worst airline I have ever flown. With a business model based on bait and up-charge pricing, I don't know how they continue to operate. If you have a purse/laptop/personal item - that's your carry on. Anything else like a duffel or daypack is extra. I saw people cramming their purses into their carry on bag to avoid the extra charge. But that bag better fit in the test rack by the check in counter or - you guessed it - upcharge. Checked bag over 40lbs? Whopping up-charge. Every passenger we talked with had difficulty accessing the Spirit website to check in online, or modify their reservation. We tried to call Customer Service, the Spirit recording informed us that to talk with a representative costs $25, because that employee costs money. And the plane itself? The seats were cracked pleather, with worn and dirty armrests. Whatever they charge, it's too much for those seats. Coach seating - a 17th century slave ship had more leg room. The seats are small, they do not recline, and the seat backs are bare metal. Not good for your face in an emergency landing. There isn't even a pocket for a magazine, just two stretch cords to hold the emergency placard and a barf bag. The flights - both legs of our trip had landings that made me fear we were going to die. I cannot confirm, but other passengers said Spirit doesn't have assisted landing computers. I will say that landing in Vegas, and on the return in Philadelphia, we had bumpy cross winds. I fly a couple of times a year, and I never have considered that we might not make it. Never again will we fly Spirit. Travelers beware."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles LAX to New Orleans with Spirit Airlines. I fly a lot, and I've never had such terrible experience. I wish I had looked up this airline before booking my tickets; saving $209 was not worth it. Originally had a quick 20 minute layover, and planned on just staying on the plane to nap. However, everyone got out, so I just followed. Nothing mentioned or announced about delays whatsoever. Turned my internet back on. Several (7) emails from Spirit about delayed flights. Even one sent out an hour after the fight already took off! 20 minute delay, turned to an hour, turned to 3 hours. The screens and times not updated; the flight disappeared from all airport monitors and the gate had a different city listed. Good thing we asked our we would have missed it. Now we're finally on the plane and we've been sitting here for almost 2 hours. Talk about ridiculous. They announced it was about paperwork, and asked for 2 volunteers to get off. That's it, nothing offered to the volunteers except a flight in another airline. They even put the blame and spotlight on some poor people who were assigned broken seats and didn't want to split up with their party. Never taking this awful airline ever again, that's for sure."
"Boston to Las Vegas. 4:40pm schedule departure. Required to go through security an hour before. No problem. 45mins before take off announced a two hour delay - no explanation. Board at the gate showed a new departure time of 5:48, so only pne hour. But at around 5:48pm they start boarding the next flight to Orlando - sithout changing the board - so chaos ensued. As of 6:15pm no further announcements regarding our flight since the 3:55pm announcement. Meanwhile at the adjacent the gate there were debacles with the ability of staff to manage the security doors. This is all after they charge you for every bag - including carry on. Assuming we ever get in the air, it will be my last flight with Spirit."
"Was scheduled on 7/16/2016 for 9am from Atlantic City to Ft. Lauderdale. Flight was confirmed on check-in and then was delayed numerous times and did not depart Atlantic City until 5pm causing our party to miss a cruise departure. Airline offered no apology and offered $50 towards next flight that had to be used within 3 months. On return trip on 7/24/2016 aircraft was downgraded (reduced in size) so a number of people with high sequence numbers were bumped including a family who had a severely ill child who had to be back in NJ for treatment. The airline offered them nothing. Gate personnel were extremely rude as were flight personnel and threats of physical removal by uniformed officers. There was no diplomacy from airline personnel. I will never use Spirit again and will go out of my way to tell others of their lack of diplomacy, attitude and compassion"
"Baltimore to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. First, they cancelled my flight and didn't contact me. I found out because I was checking the flight status. When I called them, they gave me 2 options: get a refund or fly on the next day. I had booked a hotel for that night and had plans for early morning, so I got a refund. Before deciding that, I asked if they could put me in another flight, as I had seen that other companies were flying to my destination. They said \"no, because the flight was cancelled due to weather\". The weather was bad in Florida, and I was leaving from Baltimore. My route didn't have anything to do with the weather. I know the plane that was going to take me to Las Vegas was stuck in Miami, but still, that's not my problem. If I was flying to or from a place with bad weather, I would be the first to cancel the trip. The weather didn't have anything to do with me. They gave me that excuse just because they didn't have another plane to fly to Las Vegas. Then, I got a refund and bought tickets from another company, and I spent $200 more (per person, total $400). If there were other companies flying the route I wanted, why couldn't Spirit? Anyway, that was the first bad impression. The second was on my way back home. This flight was also through Spirit. Back in September, when I booked the original flight, I saw they charged for carry-on luggage (which is outrageous, in my opinion). I paid the fee to be able to bring a carry on with me. However, when this flight was cancelled and I booked the other one, I didn't see anywhere saying that I would pay for carry-on. Also, since the price was so much more expensive than before, I assumed carry on was included. To my surprise, when I got to the airport, it wasn't. I explained everything I wrote here to the attendant and to the manager, and none of them wanted to waive this fee. I explained how Spirit made my trip so stressful, and asked if they could understand that. No, they couldn't, or wouldn't. In the end, after a long discussion, they gave me a 25% discount in the carry on fee. As the cherry on top: there was only one person taking care of boarding, the flight attendant didn't care to explain the procedure for people in the exit row, their seats didn't recline (for an overnight flight, that's no joke). As I said in the beginning, I won't fly Spirit again, ever, no matter how much cheaper their tickets are."
"Verified Review | Boston to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. So far every Spirit flight I've flown has been delayed. The terminals are cramped, they don't have enough seating for everyone flying and offer next to nothing in concessions. The staff seem as frustrated as the flyers. Flying Spirit will be my last choice from now until forever."
"Cleveland to Atlanta with Spirit Airlines. Awful experience and will never book on Spirit again. We got to the airport at 4:00am and our flight was cancelled. Attendants were not prepared and told us it could be a while before finding out if we could be booked on another airline because there was only 1 person there to work on it. There were people there from the day before waiting for a flight. They offered us a flight in 2 days. Our trip was only for 3 days. This is the second time our flight was cancelled with this airline."
"Verified Review | Flew Las Vegas to Portland. Don't fly Spirit, even by design you cannot have a good experience. Starts out cheap, literally everything has a charge - with the minimum of basic charges or later reservations it costs more than competitors. That aside, their planes have all the comfort of a city bus, they make up rules as they go and wiil often create delays or leaving early without proper notice. I'm sure I'm one of the millions that won't fly Spirit again, this review is for those yet to experience this airline. Definitely stay away, you can go through life better without having to experience it first hand."
"Flew from Las Vegas to Chicago. My first trip on Spirit will be my last. People were either rude or matter of fact, not friendly. Even the flight attendant making announcements sounded grouchy. Was not directed to the handicapped area after we landed on the tarmac and they acted like I should know what I was supposed to do. This was my first time flying since I have had to use an assisting device. I was in tears by the time I was able to find my daughter. I didn't use the Walker for the fun of it."
"Portland to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. First and last time. Plane was 2 hours late leaving PDX and once again late leaving Vegas. No one at the desk to ask and updates are always late. This is completely ridiculous and was not worth saving money for. If they are going to nickel and dime you to death they should at least be on time."
"Would never fly Spirit again. Flew from Cleveland to Dallas to New Orleans. Boarded plane in Cleveland after a 2 hour delay, get to Dallas and connecting flight cancelled. This was known before we left Cleveland as they took our luggage off the plane but let us board anyway. Once in Dallas they offered no hotel or food even though we would not get another flight for 24 hours. We had to pay for a hotel and food when we already had reservations in New Orleans. I sent a certified letter to corporate office and never received a reply."
"Verified Review | Cancun to La Guardia via Fort Lauderdale. Absolutely shocking service and rude staff throughout. We arrived at Cancun airport in good time only to be told that our flight was an hour late so we would miss our connection in Florida, not being able to be put on a different connecting flight until the day after we were told that accommodation would be sorted out \"at the other end\". We then discovered our flight was actually an hour and a half delayed with no explanation, and when we eventually boarded the plane there was a further hours delay on the tarmac. At which point no one apologized or explained what was going on, eventually it was put down to technical issues. Arriving at Fort Lauderdale we then had to wait to collect our checked bags, which took another hour and a half - again with no explanation as to why and some rude members of staff telling us off every now and then for being on our phones. Once we had our bags we started the search for the people that could sort us with a hotel for the night, having been redirected to someone else about 5 times we eventually reached the check in desk and explained our problem. The lady at the desk had no idea what we were talking about and was more interested in having a chat with her other friends at the counter. Eventually she disappeared out the back to \"see what she could do for us\". After a good 5 minute wait she reappeared with a multi coloured booklet of vouchers and told us to go outside for the shuttle bus to the hotel, which comes every 15 minutes. It doesn't, it arrived after about 45 minutes and was so full of Spirit Air customers that people were standing on top of their luggage in the aisle. Upon looking at our vouchers, we realised that we had been given a mere $7 each for food allowances - considering that our connecting flight was 11 hours later than planned $7 is not enough. Throughout the whole experience the staff were rude and there was no sign of an apology anywhere, or a clear explanation of what we need to do. I have since written to the company, who refuse to give me any form of compensation for loosing a day of my holiday in New York. They have told me that their aim is to get customers to where they require to be within 24 hours of their arrival time - sorry those of you who want a weekend somewhere or need to attend an important event on a given day, they'll be able to get you there the day after! Also, when talking to other customers on the plane (we had plenty of trapped time together), all said that they have had bad experiences with Spirit Air in the past, basically every time they have flown with them. I'm unsure why they keep going back to them, they may be cheap, but they cost us a night in our unused New York hotel - not cheap when you look at it that way. Will not be using again, no matter how many junk emails I receive from them for free air miles - which is a con by the way as you can't use them online or over the phone to book flights (another customer informed me)."
"I was bumped from my early flight to take a later flight due to Spirit over booking the flight. Then was charged for baggage that I was later told was free. Their customer service told me that I could not be given my money back due to this being how they keep fares low. I was given a voucher for a free round trip anytime anywhere Spirit flies, only to find out that I can not use it anytime or anywhere. The only time this could be used is on a time frame they designate which is inconvenient. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Our return trip home was supposed to be a 3:00 pm flight from Montego Bay Jamaica to Fort Lauderdale, Florida with about a three-hour layover and then a flight from Fort Lauderdale to Detroit. Our flight out of Montego Bay was called to board but then they asked everyone to wait because one of the bathrooms was not working. We were told the plane could not fly with only one working bathroom. For the next two hours we were repeatedly told the bathroom would be fixed in a few more minutes. Eventually we were told they were going to start boarding but the bathroom had not been fixed. There would be one working toilet on the plane. So saying we could not fly that way was not true. We took off 2.5 hours late and after going through customs we had missed our connecting flight to Detroit. I was directed to a line at the Spirit counter made up of people who needed to be rebooked because they had missed their connectors as well. There were about seventy people in front of us and for the next hour and a half we stood in line as one person at the counter worked this line while all of the others handled people arriving for their flights. By the time my wife and I were able to talk to a someone at the counter it was 10:00 pm. We were rebooked on a 7:04 flight to Orlando with a one-hour layover and a flight from Orlando to Detroit. The next day we boarded our flight to Orlando, they announced the cabin door was shut and told us to turn off our cell phones. A couple of minutes later the captain announced that the ground crew spotted a potential bird strike on the airplane and we had to have it checked out. We waited for an hour while the “bird strike” was checked. During this hour at two different times the cabin door was opened and a total of about fifteen additional passengers got on the plane. It seems likely that what really happened was the plane was held to wait for connecting passengers from other late flights. We took off an hour late and when we landed as we taxied in to our gate we watched our connecting flight to DTW pull away from the next gate over. It was now 9:00 am the day after we started our trip home. We got off the plane and walked up to the Spirit gate agent at the gate our connector had just left. We were told we could be rebooked on a 6:45 pm flight to Detroit. I asked him if there was anything else to Detroit before then and he said no. I said there is nothing to Atlanta or Chicago and from there to Detroit? He said no again. We booked the 6:45 flight but a few minutes later found reasonably priced flights to Detroit leaving at 11:00 am on American. We cancelled the Spirit flights and requested a refund on the remainder of the tickets. Several days later I received a credit on my Amex of $80.00 per ticket. We missed one connector because this airline couldn’t fly with one bathroom not working but then eventually, when it was too late for us and most of the other passengers on the plane, they could. We missed a second connector because of a “bird strike” that allowed about fifteen late arriving passengers get on the plane and was then cleared. Also we weren’t supposed to mind hanging out in the airport for ten hours on day two of our trip home. We have vowed to never fly this shady airline again."
"I was booked to travel between Las Vegas and Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Having sat at the gate for about 20 minutes after out allocated boarding time we were told that we had a \"small delay\" to our flight. This then turned out to be a 5 hour delay due to \"crew being transferred between flights\". Absolutely fine, these things happen right? Wrong. Because what Spirit failed to mention was that they had already cancelled the flight an hour before they told, us meaning we couldn't make other travel arrangements to get us to Fort Lauderdale. I had left 16 hours before my cruise departed because you always see people missing their connections or plans due to bad planning, but I figured for a 4 hour flight, leaving 16 hours leeway was acceptable. Needless to say I missed my cruise and had to cancel it. (I couldn't join the ship as it was at sea for 3 days and it was pointless). Once I had waited 2.5 hours in a queue to rebook my flight for the following day. I was told my bag would be on the baggage belt waiting for me to collect, and once again Spirit proved how much of an incompetent airline they are. When I arrived at the belt my bag was nowhere in sight. Why? Because they had taken my bag off the belt and kept it in their office and gone home. I was standing in the same clothes I had been wearing for about 18 hours. When I asked how I could get my bag back I was told there was no way until the morning. Sometimes in life things happen that are totally out of a company's control, especially in aviation. I know. But the communication between staff and customers is absolutely disgusting. Trust me when I say I will never give Spirit my money ever again. They get a one star rating due to the fact they arranged a hotel for everyone to stay in. However every other airline does this. Thanks for ruining my vacation Spirit."
"Verified Review | Cancun to Detroit via Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Our flight was delayed in Cancun for 30 mins and we were connecting in Fort Lauderdale. After the flight landed, we had to clear immigaration and custom without any assisstance from the Spirit team who were aware that we are running behind. After all we missed our flight. They said the earliest we could fly would be next morning at 7 am connecting flight thru Orlando. We paid for our hotel and taxi, then came back next morning. After we got on the plane, they said that they have computer problem and got us out of the plane and we lost our connecting flight from Orlando to Detroit. We ending buying 2 new tickets from Delta and have to go from one airport to another without our car. Plus we have to go back to the airport tonight to pickup our luggage that was sent to Detroit thru Orlando. It is our last time flying Spirit even if it was free."
"Dallas to St Thomas. Never fly Spirit. I never will again. I offered to get off my return flight in exchange for 2 free travel vouchers a piece. The vouchers are not free as our flight still cost us $500. It only took $129 a person off. That would be fine except the extra night I spent in STT was awful. Spirit said they'd cover food, hotel, and transportation. We had a few hours wait before being transported to the nearest hotel. The hotel was awful and we didn't even have a room originally. We received food vouchers which were listed as only being good for up to $7 a meal. We were told to ignore that and that the place at the hotel we had to eat at would accommodate us entirely. Customer service is awful and they care more about saving money for themselves then they do saving money for you or making your trip enjoyable. Take it from me, spend the extra to fly AA or Southwest."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Oakland with Spirit Airlines. The worst airline experience ever. I will never opt for another Spirit flight no matter the cost. Could have spent an additional $100 to fly United and I should have. I would have been fine being smushed into a tiny plane with rock hard seats if my return flight wasn't delayed. I now have to spend the greater part of today in the airport due to continuous, unexpected delays. While waiting I called Spirit's customer support number (which is nearly impossible to find) and instead of getting any assistance in finding a different flight or even just some information as to why the flight was delayed, the customer service agent said all she could do for me was help me set up a spirit MasterCard. I asked her if she was joking and she was not. She was incredibly rude and hard to understand. Once you fly Spirit you'll completely understand why the prices are lower, trust me it's no mystery."
"Verified Review | Booked Spirit thru Justfly.com from Los Angeles to Seattle, a co-worker dropped his jaw when he heard that I would fly Spirit and asked if I've read their review which I said no. He told me that there is always extra charge for this airline. The night before the departure date, a relative told us there would be $25.00 charge for carry-on. At the airport, in front of the Spirit Airlines check in counter, there was a sign showing the samples of what size of luggage which is free and which would be extra charge. When it was our turn to see the lady at the desk, we were told that there would be $50.00 charge for a carry-on, regardless of size. What are you going to do? You are already at the airport. Meanwhile, another cousin wanted to join our holiday trip flying Delta and paid only $5.00 more got no charge for his carry-on luggage plus free lunch and snack while we got nothing. First flight on Spirit and will be our last."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Boston. It's not worth the savings. Who knew being treated courteously and fairly was an a la carte service? We've had nothing but lack of professionalism to downright rude and inconsiderate behavior every step of the way, suffered destruction of personal property and careless nonchalance by staff."
"Verified Review | I flew alone with my 2 young children round trip from Los Angeles International to Phoenix Sky Harbor International. I had no issues flying from LAX to PHX and it was actually a great experience minus the uncomfortable seats. Coming home from my trip, however, was a different story. I didn't have internet access where I was at in Arizona and couldn't \"check in\" before I arrived so I thought I could do it at the counter. Boy was I wrong! They close the counter 1 hr prior to the flights departure and no check ins or boarding passes are allowed. The guy also said that the names were not correct on the reservation. I asked him how I got there perfectly fine with no issues and the names were correct but Now they are wrong? The men at the check in counter could have cared less that I was standing there with two kids and no way home. They told me the supervisor wouldn't be back down until the flight left the gate. After he came down to talk to me, he stood behind the counter and waited for me do pick up all my bags and walk to him. I said \"no you need to come to me\". He came over and basically said that I was not compliant, that I was responsible to check in myself, and that there was nothing he could do for me. So I'm left standing there with with 2 young kids and no where to go and no desire to help. I was a hot mess. I went to enterprise to rent a car and spent 10 hrs in the car driving home. I will never fly spirit again. The crew inside the plane on the first leg of the trip was amazing! They just loved my babies. My oldest even got a picture with the pilot. But my way home was a disaster. I will be writing an official letter of complaint."
"Last night my husband and I returned from our vacation via flight 616 from Ft Lauderdale into Boston. Three times during the day I received emails that the flight was delayed, then back on time, then delayed again. It ended up leaving on time and landing about 18 minutes early. There was a ton of turbulence. When we landed at Logan, we were told that everyone needed to stay seated so the plane could pull up to the terminal. Then we were told that we missed our spot, and another plane got it, so we would have to wait for another available opening. Well, we waited, and waited, and waited. 90 minutes on the ground, and we were still on the plane. No apologies. No snacks offered or drinks. There were many small children aboard, and several handicapped passengers. Not a single thing was done to make this experience easier. I knew I was flying a budget airline. Of course I did this to save money, it made sense. I prepaid for my luggage to save money, and brought my own snack aboard, to avoid the $4.00 chips. There are things you have to do to save a few dollars, but I am very unhappy with the way we passengers were treated last evening, and because of this, I will never fly Spirit again. And I will be sure to tell the same to anyone who is willing to listen. I would also like to mention that the flight attendants are in no way friendly and the seats are very uncomfortable."
"The lack of Spirit Airlines customer service is astounding. After booking a flight for my wife and myself and paying $780, a family incident required that we needed to cancel our reservations. Even though the cancellation was a week before the scheduled flight Spirit paid themselves $300 for their inconvenience. Unknown to me at the time the remaining credit of $480 had a 60 day expiration. 68 days later when I went to rebook a flight I discovered that the \"credit\" had expired. Spirit Airlines scooped up the balance. When I called their \"customer did-service\" their response was \"so sorry we can't do anything\". Spirit customer service is non-existent. If I could rate them a zero I would have, because that is the most this company deserves!"
"Verified Review | San Diego to Los Cabos. My wife and I celebrated our wedding anniversary with a trip we saved up for, to Cabo San Lucas. Got to airport prepared with all of our documents, printed and ready to go. We visited the desk to check our bag in with your customer representative, as we were excited and ready for our trip we were greeted by a very unhappy face. We did not get a smile, no hello, not anything. This was not a great start but let us move on and get over it. Flight time came around. We walked up to the desk after the lady at the flight check in made sure to tell everyone to have their passport open with the picture and if you don’t have it open on that page that you would be sent to the back of the line. Once we got to the male checking us in he clicked his tongue and said he doesn’t know why we weren’t forced to pay extra to print out our boarding passes on two separate papers instead of double sided. Now for the horror show. Our flight was meant to leave on Monday around 2:45pm. As asked we got to the airport early with enough time to clear check-in etc. The staff was a little friendlier in Mexico at first. Check-in went as planned with no issues. We went inside for some lunch and walked over to our terminal to get ready to start boarding when we noticed that our flight has been delayed. Again not too unhappy since these things do happen. Well I guess it kept getting delayed and delayed so much that all the other flights left Cabo, the shops closed they even turned off the AC in the airport… This sucks since we could have booked another flight to LAX, San Diego or Santa Ana without having to spend more time in Cabo. Finally around 6:30pm after being at the airport for 6 hours sweating with no shops, food, water, Internet we were told that our flight has now been canceled with no reason offered as to why it was canceled. We were all booked, probably 120 people at the Best Western across the street. So if you have been to the Cabo airport there is the airport, Best Western and a gas station… That is it. When we got our hotel voucher we were told by Spirit that since my wife and I booked our vacation together we would have to share the $7 meal voucher YAY!! To make things worse, Spirit had 2 front desk people help 120 people with vouchers so imagine the wait. If you think that wait was bad, they got us a little van carrying 8 people at a time to transport 120 people to the hotel. At this time we were told that our flight might leave at 1pm on Tuesday. Spend the night at the great Best Western canceling work for Tuesday with poor internet. No apology was given until we received a $50 coupon for our next adventure with this great airline. Tuesday morning arrived and again we took the same van back to the airport with the rest of the army, checking in again. Our flight was scheduled for 1pm. 1:30pm rolled by with more delays saying we are waiting for the pilot to arrive! We actually saw one employee call the captain and his response was that he is busy on the phone? As he finally stopped his important call the whole “army” cheered him on as he walked by us all. This is now around 2pm, again no apologies no reasons! We would ask Spirit staff about the delays and we would simply receive an answer of only a couple more minutes."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Dallas with Spirit Airlines. Never again and will avoid at all costs. I didn't even use my round trip ticket to return. It was so bad I forfeited the money and bought ticket with Delta and i'm pleased I did because I got a email saying my return flight would be 3hrs late but yet I need to be there on time so i'm not to be left. What a joke - $60.00 for a bag, $3.00 fora soda and the rudest most unprofessional staff i've ever seen ."
"Flew Detroit to LaGuardia with Spirit Airlines. Plane was scheduled for departure at 4.13 pm. Announced that they couldn't find their first officer. So we had to wait for another one to fly in from Chicago. That delay put us behind a weather front, so after we were loaded, we sat on the tarmac for another hour and a half. Once airborne the flight attendants told us we would each receive a $50.00 ravel voucher for a future flight. It would have to be redeemed within sixty days, for a flight within the next year. Those are pretty specific details. When I tried to retrieve these vouchers online they were nowhere to be found. Eventually I found an email address to send to, and they ultimately responded that they don't issue such vouchers. I finally found a phone number, and the customer \"service\" representative told me she did not see a voucher attached to this flight. She recommended I contact them via the website, so we were going around in circles. I viewed the flight attendants as official representatives of the airline, so when they told us we would receive vouchers, I believed them. They lied."
"Verified Review | Fort Meyers to Boston via Atlantic City with Spirit Airlines. Worst experience flying. Paid $50 per checked bag, seats were uncomfortable with very little leg room, no complimentary snacks or drinks - water was $3, no wifi or movie screens. Not worth the money. Whatever money you save on tickets is definitely paid for after baggage and any other charges they throw at you. Never again."
"Denver to Cancun via Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Simply horrible. They will charge for everything. Basically I paid an extra $300 on top of my base fare. To top it off, the airline gave an hour to make an international connection which I didn't make and they could care less. Never again"
"La Guardia to Dallas Fort Worth with Spirit Airlines. I have to say the charges for checked bags and food are ridiculous. You have to buy everything even water, peanut m&m's are $4 - I suggest buying food outside the airport before boarding. Surpringly, the crew was great they were very friendly and served very well. From the reviews I read it seemed awful but on my flight it was great and you really do have to give credit where credit is due. Seats are terrible - no legroom and I didn't even get to recline in my seat to relax. No entertainment, no WiFi. They charge you for making a phone call to ask about your reservation. It's outrageous - $25 dollars added to your reservation to talks to a person. I must say the tickets were really cheap if you buy weeks in advance so do book early. That's it though. I honestly wouldn't recommend flying Spirit unless you find an amazing rate, I'd take it before it goes but be prepared for the conditions that come with it. And definitely read all about your flight and make sure you know everything or else you will find some unexpected charges along the way."
"Spirit Airlines provided the worst travel value I have received in 30 years of travel flying from Denver to Philadelphia via Ft. Lauderdale. The seats are thin and don't recline. My knees and legs were banging up against the fellow travelers on either side of me and the seat in front of me. You can't get a drink of water without paying for it. The price of my ticket was comparable to standard airline fees, but the service and product quality was far, far less at every turn. We waited for a pilot reporting late on the connecting flight. We waited 30 minutes to deplane in Ft. Lauderdale. Perhaps this is airport issue and not a airline issue, but I can't remember waiting 30 minutes to deplane on any other flight in 30 years. And then, they lost my luggage. I can't even think what the story line is going to be over the next few days while I wait for my luggage. This is a bad airline with a bad business model."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Florida to New York. The worst experience I have had with an airline. Hidden fees traveling from the Dominican Republic. Spent over $325 on 3 suitcase and a carry on (carry on over $70). When we got to Florida, flight was delayed for 2.5 hours due to maintenance. No warning at all. Staff extremely rude on both sides. I will never fly with this airline again. Total rip off."
"Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. This is the worst airline to ever travel with. A rip off and the service is horrible. My family and I booked our tickets only to find out we had to pay for a carry on bag and our luggage. The day we were suppose to depart, Spirit delayed our flight 5 times until they cancelled. They said it was due to the weather but the real reason was due to not having a pilot. We received a refund and had to purchase tickets with a different airline. Luckily, we were able to still go one our trip."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach with Spirit Airlines. Departure from PHL was meant to be at 7:50am and we waited at the gate until 10am. Today we are going back to Philadelphia and have the same problem - our flight was meant to be 10:05 am and they change it to 12:48. This airline does not even give a cup of water, they charge $5 for bottle."
"Fort Lauderdale to Orlando with Spirit Airlines. Arrived at the airport 2 hrs before my flight. When I arrived the line was out the door around the whole terminal. No one was telling us what the issue was. When I reached the counter to check in I only had 30 minutes to go through security and reach my gate, their sign said they shouldn't have checked me in. They did so anyway. Then she told me \"your bag might not make the flight. You should run\". When I got to the security line, 1 spirit employee was telling passengers flying to Orlando to go to the front but once we got there TSA told us we were not allowed and to go to the back of the line. TSA was not in the wrong. Spirit was unorganized. Not helpful. I have now missed my 7am flight and have to sit in the airport until 8pm to go home. I had to call out of work for missing a flight I would have been on time for if it wasn't for Spirit. I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | What a terrible experience with Spirit Airlines. My family and I arrived at the airport 2 hours ahead of time. We barely made our flight from Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. Terrible and I mean terrible customer service when it comes down to the Spirit employees. My family and I had zero direction to exactly what line we were supposed to stand in. When we did try and ask, employees we're rude, disorganized, and had no idea what was going on. We also had to switch planes once we finally got on because of mechanical difficulties. New plane was at a different gate as well. On the way back it was even worse. Our flight got delayed for 5 hours. I had an 8 month old with me and Spirit employess were less than accommodating. No remorse whatsoever."
"Verified Review | Boston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. I waited in line for over 3.5 hours with over 100 other people with 1 person working the Spirit desk. I moved all of 2 feet within those 3.5 hours, only to find out that the flight was completely cancelled. They offered to give me $25 and re-book me on a flight that was a whole 24 hours later. I do not live in Boston. I did not have the money to book another hotel room for a whole additional night, and they refused to compensate anyone on a place to stay. I had work the following day in Las Vegas where I live, and had to explain why I wasn't able to come in, and pray I didn't lose my job because of their incompetence. I decided my only other option was to cancel with them, and find the next available flight with a different airline and spend an additional $200, and wait for 12 hours in the airport. The customer service was terrible. They were rude, unsympathetic, and unaccomodating. When I spoke with airport security, they said that this happens at least once a week with Spirit. I recommend avoiding them. You're better off spending a little extra money with a better airline and having the assurance that you are actually paying for a flight where and when you need to go."
"Boston to Cleveland with Spirit Airlines. The weather was fine in Boston and Cleveland, so there is no reason for the flight to be delayed. I bought the ticket a month in advance so there should have been plans in place for the pilot, plane, and crew to be ready. The flight was over 4 hours late, and I was given no explanation as to why. This caused me to go over another day on my parking in Cleveland and to spend 4 hours sitting at the bar in the Boston airport. They offered me $50 off my next flight. I do not need a voucher for my next flight because I will never again be giving Spirit Airlines any of my money."
"Ft Lauderdale to Boston with Spirit. Horrible - flight was delayed for 2 hours outbound and then delayed for 3 hours for the return - thats 2 times in a row we have been delayed - I will never fly on Spirit ever again"
"Flew Las Vegas to Philadelphia. The reason for my score is due to the lack of good service that was provided. From the minute we got to the Airport to get the boarding passes we received horrible service. The lady had an attitude and you could already sense that she had no urge to be there. Secondly, Spirit Airlines changed the gate number 3 times. They charge an arm and a leg for everything, I mean $3 for a tiny water bottle. Never will I fly Spirit again, I will definitely pay the extra $40-60 for American again or a better airline that actually knows how to provide quality customer service"
"Boston to Denver and Spirit Airlines is the worst! They get you for every little thing and if you pay for something by accident that you didn't need to pay for, they don't offer any kind of refund. I paid for two carry on items online and it turned out they were small enough to be personnal items when we got to the airport, which is free. They wouldn't give any sort of refund, $90 down the drain."
"Verified Review | I have been flying for over 35 years and this airline takes the prize for worst flight experience. It started with an email notifying us our flight was delayed. We were unable to print our boarding pass (which Spirit charges $10US if not printed and brought to airport) just given an Urgent notification to see a gate agent at scheduled flight time. We had to be at the Cartagena airport and through customs at the scheduled flight time even though our flight was delayed more than 2 hours. Do not expect to get any help from customer service unless you speak fluent Korean. The gate help isn't any better as they are understaffed and follow a script they will not go off. Missing our return non-stop flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Denver resulted in our return being delayed a day, and routed: Ft. Lauderdale to Atlanta, Atlanta to LA, LA to Denver. We were given no options even though there were other flights (even on Spirit) available. They did give us a hotel voucher however they gave out more vouchers than rooms available. The flight attendants are pleasant. Food and drink prices are reasonable. So, if all you are concerned about is price, time is not a problem, and you don't mind long lines at airports, Spirit is marginal in these areas. I, however like direct flights, keeping on schedule, and a customer service that you can carry on a conversation in English."
"My Friday night flight was cancelled and they said the next flight would be on Monday. I had a rental car, hotel and a show booked already in Vegas. When I told this to the person on the counter he found me a flight departing the next morning at 7.50 am and arriving at 11.30 pm, 3 flights and two connections. I came back to the airport at 6.30 the next morning. To try my chance I asked if there was a direct flight today, they said yes at 7 pm tonight. How come last night they said there was no flight until next Monday? They even said that there was another flight during the day but it was already fully booked. I spent those 12 hours on the phone changing my hotels, car and show tickets. We were lucky to fly Saturday evening with an hour delay. Flight experience was terrible too, they even charge you for water. Flight crew made jokes but none of them were funny after all the drama since Friday."
"Verified Review | I should have known better than to fly Spirit Airlines again. Last time the flight was delayed, baggage fees were high and the seats were very uncomfortable and crowded. Saving money was the goal, but in the end this airline is not passing on savings to its customers. Prices look cheap but adding baggage fees and any other little courtesy they charge you for makes the flight the same price as other airlines that don't pack people in like Sardines. Today's flight from Los Angeles to Dallas Fort Worth was delayed and after being ushered through a strange ancillary security line that barely moved, having nowhere to sit at the gate because of all of the other poor souls with delayed flights so I paid for an overpriced breakfast at a restaurant for comfort. Never again. The bad service throughout the entire process is like salt in the wound from realizing I'm not paying any less for a poor experience."
"Fort Lauderdale to La Guardia with Spirit Airlines. Checked in online. Arrived 2 hours early yet my family still missed our flight. Why? 10 flights leaving FFL at the same time that morning and nowhere near enough check in staff to cope with the hundreds of passengers dropping bags. Chaos and confusion. It took over 90 minutes to check in our bags. 15/20 minutes to get through security. Passengers running en mass to attempt to reach their gate in time. The result? 20 passengers missed our flight with a further 40 (at least) missing other flights around the same time. Crazy, horrible, stressful situation. If they're going to have that many flights departing at the same time they have a responsibility to have enough staff on to deal with the amount of passengers so people actually have the chance of making their flights."
"My first time flying Spirit from Baltimore to Las Vegas via Chicago and definitely my last. I paid $48 to check my bag online (would have been much higher to check at airport) once I reached the airport, I waited 35 minutes to give my bag to someone (even though I'd already paid the fee) and the person I spoke to told me I could check my gate at monitor. After asking again, she grudgingly looked up my gate number. Once I reached the gate, they made the announcement that carry on bags had a $65 fee and needed to be paid at that time and if you waiting until closer to boarding the fee would be $100. Our connecting flight was not held (even though it was at the gate for 15 minutes after I arrived so 40 people missed their connection and waiting 7 hours at Chicago O'Hare. Seating on plane was tightest I've ever flown. Entire staff were very unfriendly and not helpful."
"Verified Review | I have to say that I am extremely disappointed with the entirety of this company. I have been traveling for more than twenty years and I have never experienced an airline, or any company for that matter, with such unwillingness to right their wrongs. I took a flight from Boston Mass. to Nevada on 7/25/2016 which was delayed about an hour and a half. Not bad and I was on my way out of town which had time to spare anyway. The lack of accommodations and poor customer service weren't even a problem since the airfare was inexpensive. But on the way home, our flight was at 1 am. Already an inconvenient time but again because it was a cheap flight we thought it could still work. The flight got delayed on the way back as well. After speaking with other airport employees I realize that this is a common theme with this company, caused by under staffing, not \"malfunctions with the plane.\" This time the flight was delayed for three hours, which caused us to miss our connecting flight. At the airport in Nevada the staff informed us that there were no flights back to Boston for more than 48 hours, and that we should take our original flight into Dallas and look for another flight to Boston from there. They told us \"Don't worry about it right now, they will take care of you there.\" Upon arriving in Dallas, they again informed us the there were no flights with their airline leaving to go to Boston, but they would put us in a hotel until they could get us on a flight. Unfortunately, I was not able to accept their offer, because I had three daughters at home waiting for my arrival, that would have been left home alone if I was not there. While I understand that my situation is not their problem specifically and they did somewhat attempt to resolve the situation, that does not excuse the fact that I paid Spirit Airlines to bring my party from point A to point B and they failed to do so. They should have made every attempt within their power to get me back home, including making a deal with another airline as there were other flights going to Boston that day. Not only were they unwilling to make their best efforts to get us home, but they were unwilling to refund the money spent only for the way home. They wanted to give us a pro-rated refund for the mileage minus the flight to Dallas, even though they were the ones that told us to take the flight in the first place because we would \"be taken care of there.\" We were forced to pay inflated rates to book a last minute flight. After spending an additional $982.00 for our new flight to Boston, spending $267.00 in overpriced airport food, wasting our time stuck in an airport unable to shower, Spirit Airlines refunded $0. The following day they sent an apology email offering $50.00 off a new flight. What a slap in the face. Why on earth would I choose Spirit Airlines again, when clearly even with the low prices, I end up spending a lot more? Further more, from a business perceptive, if I agree to provide a service to someone and they pay me ahead of time, if for any reason I am unable to complete the job, I'm not going to refund a portion of their payment. I'm going to pay a subcontractor to finish the job. You will end up paying more in the long run."
"Detroit to Seattle via Las Vegas. I first flew with Spirit Airlines in June 2016 from DTW-Myrtle Beach. As expected, the seats were cramped, but not unbearable for a short flight. While waiting for our return flight, we were told that due to a technical difficulty, the aircraft that we were supposed to board had to be swapped with a smaller plane which could only accommodate 31 fewer passengers. The ground crew seemed hard pressed to rustle up volunteers to get bumped off from the flight and were offering free vouchers for a round trip ticket to anywhere Spirit flies, without any blackout restrictions. All I would pay for would be taxes and fees. No takers. To sweeten the deal, they offered to put up volunteers at a hotel room or throw in a second free round trip ticket. Sweet deal so we decided to take it, given that it looked like they were going to bump people off anyway and we didn't want to scramble for a hotel if we were chosen. Fast forward to August 9, two days before the voucher expires. I called Spirit Airlines to book my trip using the vouchers and was told that I couldn't travel on the dates I asked for because they were \"peak flights\". When I asked the representative what my options were, she offered me flights that were three days off what I had asked for. When I asked her what other options were open to me, given that I had been reassured that there would be no black out restrictions for the voucher, she told me to call again tomorrow. I would suggest that if you absolutely have to fly Spirit Airlines, do everything online. Their online reservations are incredibly easy and hassle free. Unfortunately for me, I still have to book over the telephone to redeem my flight voucher, for an additional $25.00 per reservation. Oh, and when I redeemed my other travel voucher for a RT flight from Detroit to Seattle, fees, taxes, 1 piece of carry-on luggage and pre-selected seat came up to almost $200. Not as cheap as I had hoped for."
"Oakland to La Guardia via Chicago with Spirit Airlines. Terrible - a 2hr wait for bags (no announcement), unreclinable seats, no inflight entertainment, staff like sulky teenagers. In 30 years of travelling I have never before felt this level of distain and anger at an airline."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Detroit. Terrible customer service: Yes their fares are cheap and you can say flexible but honestly I prefer to pay a little more and get a better service. They lost my bag from Las Vegas to Detroit and yes it was a direct flight and still they lost it. I have been trying to contact them after a filed a claim for a missing bag and it was practically impossible but when I finally got an actual \"person\" not a machine they were worst, I was explaining and telling them everything and all I could here on the other side was a simple: \"Mmm Aha\" \"Mjm\" that is it. After all my explanation they only told me: \"We are going to call you back\" I was about to ask something and they just hung up on me. At this moment my bag is still missing and I've been trying to call everyday and it is always the same answer: \"we are going to call you back\" which they never do. Please stay away from this Airline."
"Verified Review | So, You decided to fly Spirit? You're thinking \"wow, 325 dollars for 3 one way tickets.\" Only bad part is that you have to have a 7 hour layover in Dallas. Worth it, right? Wrong! Before you make the mistake I did, let me stop you there. I had read horrible reviews about the company but a friend told us that Spirit Airlines was a great company, that the tickets were super cheap. Well that's because they charge you for carry-on and checked in luggage. Not to mention the fact that I have to pay to check my luggage in again when I get to Dallas. To fly thru Spirit, I am paying a total of 525.00 for 3 one way tickets with a layover of 7 hours. Every airline I have ever flown with, the luggage weight limit is 50lbs, except Spirit, where its 40 lbs. In the end you spend the same about that you would with other airlines, except with other airlines, you get free food, water, and drinks, you get a check in limit of 50lbs with a 20 dollar fee and they don't charge you for your carry on. The Spirit staff are rude and did nothing to help, except make excuses."
"Verified Review | Flew from Denver to Las Vegas. I bought my ticket on CheapTickets but later ended up paying for my seat and carry on, I ended up spending what I thought I had saved by buying the cheapest plane ticket. Spirit Airlines charges for every single thing before and during their flights. Of course Spirit offers you the option of many different discount programs which will possibly save you money in the long run but if you are flying just once a year as I do those discount programs will only make you spend more. The only free bag Spirit Airlines will allow you is small purse or backpack. I was only going on vacation for two days and obviously didn't have a lot of things with me and I ended up paying for my carry on. You will not see any TVs or any other entertainment onboard. Spirit also doesn't offer any courtesy drinks. I have to note that the flight attendants were great but that's the only good thing I can tell you about Sprint. If you are trying to save some money do not use Spirit. They also don't issue any refunds unless you cancel your flight seven days before your scheduled trip. I will try to stay away from this company in the future."
"Verified Review | Was supposed to depart Atlanta at 1 pm for Baltimore. Email prompting to be sure to arrive early at airport (when problem was already known on ground at Atlantic City) to find out delay after delay until finally an email that flight was delayed 12 hours (\"maybe\") until 12.42 am. No confirmation or reliable information whatsoever from supervisor at Spirit boarding kiosk at all, left in limbo. No flight available on Spirit until Monday. Finally gave up as we needed to get home and booked a flight on Delta for a premium as you would imagine. Delta flight was satisfactory and enjoyable other than having to pony up for the fare."
"Atlantic City to Fort Meyers canceled right before we were supposed to board. Next flight available for this flight offered was 3 days later! Had to rent a car and drive to DC and buy new tickets on Delta to get to Fort Meyers today. In the end this cheap airline cost me and extra $600 today. To top it off total chaos trying to get refunded I had to stand in line for about 2 hours with one agent assisting all passengers on this canceled flight. I will never book a flight again with them."
"Verified Review | Houston to Fort Lauderdale. I got to my flight over three hours early. The flight was delayed until 3 from a 1:42 original departure. I got an email notification and everything. They also changed the gate. So while sitting at the new gate I found it odd that at 2:30 the plane still wasn't there. Come to find out the gate was changed to the original gate and the departure time was brought back up to 2:30. By the time I realized these changes I missed my flight. The customer service then yelled at my brother and I and were very unwilling to assist. We got booked on another plane arriving at my destination 5 and a half hours after my original flight. My eight month old nephew and my sister are stuck there waiting for us to get there as the rental car is in my brothers name. However now that flight is delayed by 3 hours. I recommend avoid flying Spirit at all costs. I will spend a little extra next time to fly on a reliable airline that also has customer service that will not yell at you."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Los Angeles. Do yourself a favor and do not fly with Spirit. The flight was not on time; it was delayed 2 hours, and I was at the airport 2 hours before the scheduled flight time since they sent out an email that it will be busy at the airport! You have to pay to use a kiosk at the airport to print your ticket. How ridiculous is that. If you consider all the hidden fees, it's around the same price you would've paid had you flown with a regular airline in much more comfortable seat and complimentary drinks. Rude ground staff."
"Verified Review | The worst airline ever, just forget it. The flight from Washington to Boston had three hours delay and the return flight from Boston to Washington DC was canceled, and now I am riding a bus to DC. They even did not send an email to inform me that the flight was canceled, and I checked the airport screen to find out my flight's status. It was my first time and definitely the last time trying Spirit. Believe me it's the worst airline ever."
"Atlantic City to Fort Lauderdale. The flight to Florida was ok. It was extremely cramped, and the tray as well as the \"pouch\" that is usually on the back of every seat were both useless. The flight attendants also did not help us as they walked down the aisle with drinks, and I was not asleep. Other than that, the flight went smoothly. On the way back we wanted to switch our flight to a day earlier as we received news that a family member was hospitalized and we had to get back home. After being on hold for an hour or so, the representative was horribly inept. Spirit couldn't help us at all, as their website did not work and they couldn't come up with a way to cancel our original flight and put us on the other flight (which had seats open). The incompetence was appalling and by the end of it they wanted to charge us $600 for changing our reservation, which goes against the policy stated online which was between $50 and $100 (for different types of reservations). It was an awful experience, and we ended up using a different airline to fly back. We plan on never flying with Spirit again. If the customer service could step it up, things would be different."
"New York to Fort Lauderdale. We finally booked our flight back in March after months of planning. A few weeks later, we got an email that our flight was cancelled. Why?! Who knows?? So not only did we have to rearrange our schedules and arrangements, but the only other flight they could offer us that week was 2 days short of our original flight which of course shortened our trip by a couple of days. Fine, whatever, we took it, no complaints. Come the day of our flight (this morning), we find out that our flight is again cancelled as we're trying to check-in at the airport! This time, because of the \"weather\". Not only was this a huge inconvenience for multiple obvious reasons, but the only flight they could offer us was Saturday! That's 4 days out, which shortens our trip by nearly half. When expressing our complaints, the staff was not at all helpful or accommodating (including the manager). In fact, they were rude and had this \"Oh well, nothing we can do\" attitude! And that's not even the worst part. When we got home, we called the airline to see if they could push out our return flight since they've pushed out our departing flight. At first, they told us they might be able to 'cause our original return flight was actually reopened, but then, they come back and tell us it's already all booked. How are you gonna cancel a flight we were originally on, open it back up, and have other people book it without offering it to those that originally had it in the first place? They offered nothing for compensation. No accommodations, no discount, no refund. Just \"Oh sorry, you're screwed\" basically. I've never experienced anything like this with an airline. And when we went to their website to report our complaint, it said their turn-around time is 4 days! Gee, I wonder why??"
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. This has got to be the most deceiving and unorganized airlines that I have ever flown. You may think that you are getting a bargain, but when it's all said and done you are required to pay the following fees - carry on bag, printing boarding pass, refreshments, and selecting seat assignments. In addition, the total weight for your checked bag cannot exceed 40 pounds. On the return flight, there was so much chaos at the ticketing counter, passengers were forced to line up outside of the airport. I will never fly this airline again."
"Completely cancelled flight. Total travel time 36 hours roughly. Zero compensation including food. Plane was diverted from Tampa to a Atlanta, GE then went back to Houston where flight originated. Staff threatened to totally cancel flight with no return if people didn't sit down. Stewards were consistently rude. By the end of my flight I didn't even end up in the right airport because I seattled for Orlando instead of choosing to wait even longer. When I got back to Houston the staff wrongly directed me to call customer service for a new flight just to be told they couldn't do it to wait in line all over. I realize it's fairly common for airlines to have delays but this was terrible every step of the way. I travel a lot. First and last time with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Atlantic City to Atlanta. Forget it and fly a regular airline. If you are traveling with your family, beware - they will take your credit card for a ride. After all extra fees for things like guaranteeing that you can sit next to you 9 yr old on the ride, paying ridiculous baggage fees for any type of overages (including carry on) and check in fees if you forget to do it online, the cost is the same as flying a non discount airline. Make sure that your bag weighs less than 40 lbs, or that's another $30-$55 on top of what you already paid online. Departure flight was delayed 1 hour, and they demand that you get to the airport 2 hours in advance. Therefore, we sat 3 plus hours in the airport waiting to leave. Return flight changed gate twice in an airport that only has 10 gates."
"My daughter and infant grandchild were scheduled to fly Spirit Airlines back home from Atlanta to Dallas on Wednesday. After waiting in the airport several hours the flight was canceled and she was told their bags could be picked up in the baggage area. The flight never left the ground but her bags were not to be found. We called daily but they could not be found and we were told that despite having the bar code the bags could not be located. Two days later the bags were found in Philadelphia and finally sent back to Atlanta. On this airline the right hand doesn't know what the left is doing. Of all the employees we talked to only one was helpful. A supervisor told us she really couldn't help us and that the baggage incident was caused by the TSA. Said she had talked about it enough and walked away. Spirit Airline is the true embodiment of no service. They just don't give a damn! I'm sure they couldn't care less about losing three customers but we'd rather pay more for actual service."
"As I write this I am supposed to have landed in Phoenix. Thanks to Spirit I am now waiting at a rental car counter to get a car and drive overnight the 300 miles. They first said the flight was delayed due to maintenance for 30 minutes, then an hour. We boarded and sat. Then 1.30 hours after initial departure time they canceled the flight. I could have driven the whole way and been their by now. And when I called Spirit to let then know I was cancelling my ticket and return ticket, they had thee gall to tell me that they would issue a one time \"courtesy\" full refund without penalty. This was the first time I have flown with Spirit and choose them becasue of the schedule. Foolish me not to pay more attention to what other had written. I was warned and didn't pay attention."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Los Angeles. An airline's most important goals for customers are to arrive safely and on time. Spirit Airlines fails on goal number 2, to be on time. There is nothing wrong with the actual business model itself with unbundling products, but low cost tickets should not be associated with perpetual lateness. I have traveled this route many times and I am consistently disappointed in the delays in departure and arrival. It is not right to pay full fare (no matter how low) for under delivering to customers. I have repeatedly made the mistake of going back to Spirit in the last year hoping for an improvement, but see none. I am ignorant for not improving on my judgement when deciding on airlines. After this, I am improving my judgement. In the long run, this lack of punctuality will doom this company as competitors will be able to compete."
"Verified Review | Horrible! My flight was delayed by 5 hrs, which makes no sense since it only takes 2 hrs to fly from Tampa to Atlanta. I could have driven to Atlanta in this time frame. There is no way I will ever fly this horrible airline again. The deal on tickets mean nothing if I can't get to where I was supposed to be!"
"Verified Review | The Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale flight was initially delayed 1h. We waited and they kept postponing the flight until 2h30 later. In the end they cancelled the flight. It was 11:10 pm. Then they gave us 3 options: another flight in the other day in the morning, refund, or a credit with Spirit. We knew that the credit was a scam because the fees are very high in the end. We called the Spirit office and waited for 25' for them to say they'd process the refund. I just found the service horribly unjust. If we have taken the flight in the other morning we'd have lost 6 hours in the airport, $140 of our hotel (in our destination), plus $60 on commute and $40 on dinner: total of $240 for the couple. Spirit is not worth the risk. Pay a little more for the tickets and save time and money."
"Portland to Chicago. If I actually was on the plane, I could give a better review. I book the flight through orbitz. But unlike most airlines that confirm booking automatically, Spirit requires you to verify with their actual site as well. That was a pain in the butt. Moving towards the day of the flight. 5 hours before my flight, I get an email and it's said it was cancelled. That's a joke. The reason was air traffic which is ridiculous. It was supposed to be an overnight flight. I book a flight with American at their desk with no problem. I will say I did write to them what happened. A nice lady got back to me and apologized. They are giving me a refund which is nice. But not a good experience."
"Verified Review | Never Again! Stranded for two days in a connecting city, Chicago O'Hare. My flight home from Denver to Houston connected through Chicago O'Hare. After I arrived at O'Hare I found that my flight to Houston had been cancelled. I first tried to call Spirit customer service to find out what was happening - don't bother, their Indian call center is useless. I then went to the counter to find out what happened. Spirit cancelled my 7PM flight due to \"weather\", it rained for about 30 mins and moved on. The counter agent and manager offered to put me on the \"first available\" flight home, 2 days later. Since it was weather related, no hotel, no meals, nothing. Also, Spirit doesn't have agreements with other airlines so they won't put you on a different carrier, only refund your remaining leg and leave you stranded. A one way flight home last min would cost me another $700. The agents, the manager, no help, they just don't care and it shows in their attitude. What a terrible company. I travelled for business for many years, this takes the cake, worse service I have ever experienced from airline, worse than US Airways, and that is saying something. Never Again. Spirit has lost my business for life."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from Dallas to New York. Stewardess was rude. Seats were dirty and uncomfortable. Flight delayed for no apparent reason. Gate changed at least 5 times. This airline isn't worth a dime, they know they're the worst and advertise it. When you ask for a seat change after the auto assign to purchase a window one, the stewardess didn't look up once at me and told me no she has other priorities while tapping away at the keyboard. First and last time I'll be flying with them. You may only take a small personal item for free (small book bag), carry-on costs $100."
"New York to Los Angeles via Detroit. Checked in to our Spirit Airlines flight to LA from NYC, which had a connecting flight through Detroit. The Detroit flight was delayed but we were told that it wouldn't affect our flight to LA. The flight was delayed again and again, after three different excuses of there being no crew, the plane not being able to refuel and then the plane not being able to arrive at our terminal because it was stuck at another terminal we asked what would happen to our LA flight. We were told that we were misinformed about the LA flight in the beginning and that we had missed that because of the delays, so we spent hours at the airport waiting for no reason which in turn left us stranded at the airport overnight with no accommodation because everywhere was sold out within a 10 mile radius. So if you want to spend the night on the cold floor of an airport in a food court with 100 other people in the same position, then book spirit. The staff working for them have no idea what they are on about, are extremely rude and they clearly showed no care or pride for the company they work for. Ruined the end of a four week international holiday."
"It is true, Spirit is as bad as advertised. Forget the fact that they nickle and dime you. The biggest problem is that you may or may not fly when you are supposed to do so. They cancelled my family's flight from NY to FLL on the evening of the 25th of July claiming air congestion problems. They (some call center with bad English) offered my family (including my 3 year old) an overnight flight where we fly to one airport and then sit in the airport all night (no hotel or food offered). They then note that 13 hours later we can arrive. Finally they booked us for a flight 24 hours later claiming this was the only one available and note that there is nothing they can or will do about it and forget having any help at all. They just left us stranded period. From long lines to check in a prepaid bag, to having to pay for water onboard, to bad customer service and a real chance of having no flight."
"Verified Review | I'd like to say I flew Spirit Airlines and had a great experience. However, that would be a lie. The first time, the flight was delayed 5 times without explanation. This last Friday, they cancelled our flight, and all flights from Denver to Chicago, due to weather. Seems legit. However, we were not aware of any severe weather so we checked out an online flight tracker and noticed several planes in flight between Denver and Chicago with many more flights scheduled out of DIA that day. Needless, to say, we won't be taking any more chances with Spirit."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Minneapolis to Las Vegas. We were supposed to board at 9.25pm - waited an extra 45 minutes before a couple of staff members arrived at the gate check in - they had no idea what was going on and had another come up, she proceeds to tell us that there's an hour delay due to \"weather problems\" - 15 minutes later it becomes two hours and finally we're told that our flight has been cancelled. We all go to ticketing to check our options and instead of letting us know right away that the first 15 or so people will have better luck getting on the next morning flight-they wait a half hour and scream it - this entire process was tedious and very frustrating, especially considering that the person I'm supposed to visit will be overseas for the next year. I understand that these people are just doing their job, however the way they go about it was one of the most frustrating things to witness. I will never fly with Spirit again, the low cost ticket isn't worth it and I will gladly pay more to have a peace of mind and oh yeah, an actual flight."
"Verified Review | Granted we cannot control the weather, however we can control customer support. My wife and I were scheduled to fly from Chicago O'Hare to Denver to visit her sister. There was a line of storms that moved through grounding all planes in the airport. Safety first of course. The storms moved through allowing the air traffic continuum. Our plane was delayed 4 times and ultimately cancelled. We were addressed at the refund counter that our plane could not have access to a gate for passengers to board. Consequently, we were financially unable to book on another flight due to the high cost and extreme inconvenience. We booked with Spirit due to the price and reliability of their service and feel extremely let down with this scenario. A plane unable to board its passengers due to a lack of gate availability. Absurd and lacking guest hospitality. As an airline passenger, we are to be treated with the same guest service that you might expect at a hotel. The guest experience comes first and your guests have the right to feel appreciated, not left behind."
"Verified Review | Flight 331, LaGuardia - Chicago, 06/05/16 was cancelled because of weather conditions. OK, it happens sometimes, but: 1) E-mail notification wasn't sent to me, I just got phone call and when I tried to call back the number was disconnected 2) Spirit offered nearest flight 2 days later. In the same time flights of other airlines were just delayed (even not cancelled) 3) We denied the Spirit offer and had to buy tickets on a United flight that was delayed several hours. When we returned beck to Spirit counter in LGA it was empty. All Spirit employees left for home although it was before the departure time of cancelled flight 4) Spirit refunded me for the cancelled flight without any problem but I failed to receive confirmation about flight cancellation. Conclusion: awful service, irresponsible staff."
"While I respect the fact that Spirit is a low cost economy airline, this is no more a scam pretending to be economic. You would be better off with Southwest. At least with them you get a drink, an actual tray table and they don't gouge you with a $40 carry on fee. I made the mistake of waiting until the day before to decide if I wanted carry on or check in and the rates went up. Does it take up more room the closer it gets to flight time? Even worse was the delay after delay after delay on my return trip. I am actually flying with them one more time but only because I was unaware of the jump in price. I will NEVER fly with them again."
"I will never fly Spirit again. I was foolish enough to give them a second chance after my first bad experience and this time they completely cancelled my flight from Atlanta to Detroit and couldn't get me home for a few days. I rented a car and drove and got a refund. The discount just isn't worth the lost time frustration and aggravation. In the future I will fly a real airline."
"Verified Review | Please do not buy a ticket with Spirit Airline if you actually want to get to the location you have booked the flight for. I planned a trip to Washington DC with my kids. We were looking forward to our trip and had the hotel paid for with several tours booked. We got to the airport in plenty of time, and it looked like our flight was on time. Once we got to the gate, I noticed some other passengers upset, but the flight was still posted as on time. When I asked what the problem was - the other passengers notified me the flight was cancelled. At first the excuse the Spirit Airlines employees used was \"weather\", but every other airline had flights going in and out of the DC area throughout the day. The second excuse that was given was \"air traffic control\". The Spirit employees could not be less helpful. I was offered a credit, a refund, or the next available flight (which was three days away and after our return flight was scheduled). I took the refund and learned a valuable lesson - if the price looks to good to be true - it is not true."
"Puerto Rico to Atlanta with Spirit. This airline will find any way they can to take advantage and fool their passengers into paying more. Although their flights are cheaper up front, they found a way for me to pay another $175 to check a bag (I did this a day in advance) and pick a small middle seat in the back. They charge a fee for every seat you pick, they charge a fee for printing boarding passes. Checking in is complicated. You must create an account and provide your email so they now send me spam. Then they do not provide online boarding passes. My hotel does not have a printer. So I have to pay more at the gate to get the boarding passes I already paid 3 times for."
"Verified Review | On my flight from Atlanta to Fort Lauderdale we had a 5 hrs delay. Without any explanations. Just went for boarding on the flight back. Not only were we already delayed, they made me pay $100 for a carry on bag. The only reason - it has wheels on it. So it's not the size, it's the fact that it has wheels on it. Would not let me use the voucher that I had, apparently I had to register it prior to check in. This is by far the worst experience I have had with any airline and I fly at least 2 times a month."
"I had an unpleasant experience flying Spirit for the first time in Feb to Ft. Lauderdale, vowed I would never fly Spirit again - decided to give them another chance due to attractive ticket price. Delayed in Houston for unknown reasons, since I could not make connection in Atlanta had to spend the night in Houston - at my expense - routed the next day thru Minneapolis - beside the uncomfortable seats (I have folding aluminum patio chairs that are more comfortable), the ticket agents were of very little assistance. Acted as if they did not care, offered refund if I did not like the flight change. Offered no alternatives with another carrier so I could get to Philadelphia on time - uncaring employees - uncomfortable aircrafts - altogether a miserable experience - I'm done."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to San Jose (Costa Rica) via Fort Lauderdale with Spirit. My second experience with Spirit, if I have my choice it will also be my last. Started our family vacation to Costa Rica at BWI. The check in process was a total failure. Their website constantly bombards you to check in online or face additional charges. What they don't inform you is that for all international flights you must check in and have boarding passes re-printed at the counter anyway. Every single staff member we encountered had an attitude and was just irritated with any and all questions from passengers. Not a single hello or greeting of any kind. For this I paid extra for checked in bags and seat assignments. Our flight consisted of a total of 4 legs having a stop over in Fort Lauderdale each way so not only did I pay for 4 separate seat assignments but we had the experience of being at least 1 hour late on each leg. The portion from Ft. Lauderdale to Costa Rica being 5 hours late. The flight from Ft.Laurderdale to Costa Rica was the worse of the bunch. We arrive in Ft. Lauderdale 1 hour late, with a 2 hour layover. We boarded the plane, after the doors closed, we all sat in the plane for almost an hour not moving. The captain finally announces that the plane was having mechanical issues hence the wait. After another 30 minutes the captain comes back on the announcement and informs us that the plane cannot be repaired and we need to disembark for another plane. While in the plane for almost 90 minutes not a single offer of drinks or snacks. Not a single flight attendant tried to comfort the passengers or try to keep us updated on the status. Back at the gate and continued to wait some more, Spirit finally locates another airplane, a smaller one with about 50 less seats. They announce that this plane is smaller and that some passengers will not be able to continue. Imagine the panic. With the typical chaotic Spirit boarding process, passengers rushed the gates. Those of us who paid for assigned seats were out of luck. Attendants inform me that due to the smaller plane, seat assignments were no longer enforced. With the smaller plane finally full, with slower passengers were waiting to board, Spirit attendants, make a desperate plea for voluntary 10 passengers to surrender their seats or the plane will not take off. 5 passenger take the offer for a free hotel leaving 5 more. No additional passengers were willing to surrender their seats, the crew hold those of us already seated hostage and refuse to depart. After another hour of waiting, the pilot then realizes that he has timed out and can no longer pilot this plane to Costa Rica. Spirit then orders all passenger to yet again disembark the plane while they find another pilot. Total wait on this leg, 5 hours. Spirit has the worse customer service of any airline."
"Verified Review | Boston to Baltimore with Spirit Airlines. Do not waste your time or money. Flight was supposed to leave at 8:55 it is 10:37 and we have yet to even board. I did not even recieve an email notification as to why we were being delayed. I asked the gentleman at the desk and he was not sure either. I asked when the flight was getting in and he wasn't sure. I will never fly with Spirit again with all the extra charges they rack on, horrible customer service and lack of knowledge. Don't be fooled by the cheap prices, your better off paying more, I promise."
"From start to finish, this is by far the worst experience I have had with an airline. Checking in took about an hour as the website kept freezing. We called customer service to help us and the lady spoke about 5 words of English. She couldn't help us and we tried again online until we finally were able to check in. The rep at the counter at SAN airport refused to take one of our bags as a carry on even though we just bought it and it was sold to us as a carry on. It would have easily fit in the overhead compartment and many others were the same size. An additional $16 at counter. We then wanted to order two Moscow Mules on the plane. Being one of the first to order, they only had one. Sold out. Also sold out of the other flavor. Not what you expect when you board a plane to take a trip to Vegas. On the day of departure we asked our concierge to help us check in as the website again stopped working and kept freezing on our phones. Two people at the hotel worked on it and were unsuccessful in checking us in. We then called customer service again and were told our account was frozen because there was a $42 back charge. They would not tell us what it was for and only accepted Visa for payment. If we don't pay, we cannot check in. After payment we tried again to check in. Unsuccessful over the phone. After 45 minutes the concierge was finally able to check us in. We got stuck in traffic as it was July 4th and were late at airport. My boyfriend ran to the gate and told the lady that I was right behind him. It was exactly 14 minutes before the flight. She said \"I'm sorry but I have to close the door\". We were now at the airport in LAS and were told that the next flight would be tomorrow. The only option we had was to go to Southwest and book a one way ticket to SAN to get home on time."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines baggage prices are a 'rip off' compared to other American or Canadian airlines. They charge excessive amounts, allow less weight and even charge for carry on luggage that others allow for free. Our baggage charges cost more than our actual flights from LA to Vegas and they weren't the cheapest either. Just happened to have a more convenient flight time on the day we chose to fly out, but ended up paying dearly for that. Never again will we be caught out."
"Phoenix to Minneapolis via Denver with Spirit. Please never fly this airline unless you don't mind canceled / delayed flights, and being charged for everything. We were scheduled to depart at 12:08pm and on our way to the airport we received an email stating the flight was delayed by an hour. By the time we got to the gate, the flight was delayed for 2.5 hours and not one agent was at the gate to answer questions or deal with people like us that had connections. Eventually, the people who had connections were asked to go to the ticket counter. We were not going to make our connections. We had to fly the next day, so we missed day 1 of our 2 day family reunion. I would rather pay more for a flight than to fly this airline."
"Houston IAH to Los Angeles with Spirit Airlines. They charge for everything - even a carry-on ($35) except for small personal bag. Seats won't recline. Cannot get hold of customer service. Goes to voicemail. No one calls back. Try emailing. No one emails back. Extra charges for seat selection, water / soda, checking in at the airport, checking carry-on at the gate is over $100, modifying reservations and canceling reservations. Literally they charge you for everything so the fare ends up being more than other airlines."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airline is a great deal if - 1) you are traveling alone 2) no luggage except a purse/backpack 3) have patience level of a saint 4) a meticulous planner 5) someone small, not afraid of small spaces. At the end of the day, it's my fault for not doing research beforehand about this airline. My husband and I along with our 8 month old traveled from Chicago to Baltimore to visit family. We decided on Spirit Airline due to its low cost ($200/ticket). We booked this trip far in advance and the downside of purchasing tickets so far in advance is that unexpected things can happen. Something came up and I called Spirit Airline to request a return flight change, from morning flight to evening flight. I was told that it would cost me $500 to change from morning to evening flight. Obviously I declined this. Purchasing two new return tickets would only cost me $200 ($100 each way from BWI to ORD). We checked in online, printed the tickets and guess what? We still had to check in with an agent. We waited 30 mins for our departure flight and our return flight just to check in with an agent. Despite being at the airport at 4.00am, we barely made it to our 6.30 am flight. The security line wasn't even that bad compared to the check in line at Spirit."
"Chicago to Minneapolis with Spirit Airlines. They cancelled my flight on the 4th July, citing \"weather problems\". The weather at my city of departure, and city of arrival was slightly cloudy with no storms, and no other airlines cancelled flights from ORD TO MSP. After driving to the airport to speak to an agent, I was told I could either fly out on the next available flight, or receive a refund. The next available flight was in 2 days. I asked if it would be possible to get placed on the least expensive flight from another airline, and was told \"Spirit doesn't do that\". So, I requested a refund, and received well under half of my round-trip ticket fair. Being Independence Day, there wasn't a single plane ticket for less than $320. I had to foot the bill for a $160 ticket at 7AM the next morning."
"Verified Review | My Spirit Airlines flight from Baltimore to Los Angeles was cancelled due to missing crew. The next flights available were hours and days later which didnt work because we had a connecting flight in Los Angeles later in the evening. We paid for the upgraded seats 2A and 2B and baggage but I must have received 3-4 emails prior to the flight trying to get me to upgrade however I already had. The agents at the airport were bickering with each other and not helping with baggage etc. Very unprofessional and no customer solutions. I later had to call customer relations and the call center staff had very poor English skills. Very poor business practices and horrible customer service."
"Flight 866 from Los Angeles to Dallas Forth Worth was supposed to depart at 10.19, it was delayed until 12.39. We were not informed of our delay. I checked with Spirit about an hour after our supposed departure and agent informed us of the delay. Asked why this was not announced, he said that it would be done after the previous flight departs. I was told the reason for the delay was crew shortage, this is unbelievable that such a huge airline does not have accommodation for crew shortage."
"Verified Review | I had booked from DFW to Tampa Florida. Arrived 2 hours early at DFW airport, they said there was going to be a delay of an hour. After that it was delayed an hour when they said it was cancelled. They sent us to a different gate to rebook to Orlando FL. So after an hour waiting we boarded the plane. After sitting onboard for about 30 minutes they said we had to get off the plane because the engine wasn't working. So we walked to a different gate to get on board a different plane. We waited for them to get the plane ready for about an hour and then they told us the flight was cancelled. So they gave us a phone number to call to rebook it for another day. I was there from 6am-1pm."
"Verified Review | Flew from Ft Lauderdale to St Thomas. Our family of 4 arrived at the airport 1.5 hours ahead of our scheduled departure time as recommended. Spirit's counter was friendly but understaffed which resulted in time lost. Now running late our family proceeded to the gate once we each got through security in hopes of getting seats together on the plane. Two of our family members arrived at the gate five minutes behind the first two. The terminal attendant had just closed the door to the jet-walk after only 2 of our 4 had board. Another 8 passengers were also at the gate after the jet-walk door had closed. The plane was still connected to the jet-walk and was still 5 minutes before the scheduled departure time but the door to the jet-walk was closed. No one from Spirit Airlines, either on the plane or in the terminal would allow the 10 passengers onto the plane even though it was minutes before the scheduled departure. The plane was not full. To add further insult to this situation the plane arrived at its destination 30 minutes early and had to wait on the tarmac because it was early."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines is only good for weekend trips and flight duration no longer than 90 min. The seats are very cramped, I am a short person (5'3\") and I found them very claustrophobic and uncomfortable. And once in flight, you are not even given a glass of water, no matter have sick you are. But my worst experience was on my flight home, my route was Managua-Ft. Lauderdale-Houston-San Diego, basically a full day to get home, my flight MGA-FLL was at 1am, so we got at the airport early to check in, and just like the first flight, our flights were not linked, so we had to get them linked at the counter so we wouldn't have to pick up our bags and check in at every stop. This flight left on time to FLL, where we had a 12-13 hr layover, trust me this airport is not meant for those layovers, finally our 6.40pm flight arrives and it gets a total of 3 hrs delay because they couldn't find a pilot. I had read these stories but didn't believe them completely, but yes, they didn't have a pilot, finally got one that was coming, I think from St. Thomas and we were off to Houston. Luckily our layover was just an hour and it was on the same aircraft, but once we landed at IAH, we were informed that the flight to SAN was cancelled. So we had to deplane at almost midnight to go to the Spirit counter and see what would happen, that was a 4 hour wait to get anything done. By then we got another flight with a more reputable airline, and I got home at 8pm. This company is horrible all the way, I didn't book this flight, because I knew the horrible reputation it has, but definitely I will try to avoid it like the black plague. The person who booked this flight was trying to save money, ended up spending more money even before the cost of the other airline. Cheap things usually end up costing more in the long run."
"This flight from Cancun to New Orleans via Houston with Spirit Airlines was booked by our travel agent. I knew nothing of Spirit Airlines. I did look up the size limit on bags and did notice they did not offer a free carry on. No big deal we were each only bringing a checked bag anyway. We received an email stating to get there early as there were delays with TSA. We also saw that we would be charged extra if we did not check in online and print our own boarding passes. We were at a hotel so could not print the passes. It also said to save on luggage to pay online but it would not let us do that either. Once we got there, there actually was no delay so we had time to shop. Then we went to the gate when it was time to board and there was a different airline there. It turns out there was a gate change and they didn't say anything until boarding began. Our first leg of the flight was on time. We were charged $55 for each small (under 50 lb) checked bag. Good luck knowing how much in advance. The seats are very small and not very padded. They do not recline. The arm rests also do not fully go back so if you are traveling as a couple, good luck sitting close. The flight was not full, not sure if it was because people were waiting at the wrong gate or if it was book that way. Of course, since we could not do online check in, we were not even given a chance to choose our seats (which is an extra fee). Even with a half empty airplane, they put us sitting separate. Luckily, he was sitting in a row by himself, so I moved when they closed the door. We had no clue that they did not provide drinks so were shocked that we were charged for them. You also don't even get a bag of pretzels. They claim this is to save money but really, a can of soda is about 10 cents when bought in bulk and a bag of pretzels is about the same. Not sure how they equates to cheaper tickets. $5 for 2 cans of soda. Not horrific but not great. I had snacks for us so we didn't have to buy. On arrival in Houston, we were stuck on the runway for an hour as they did not have an international gate available. Not Spirits fault but they could have at least given complimentary drinks and/or snacks during that time. Nope, they only offered to sell you more. Issue is that this was a connection for us. There was a 1 hour and 46 minute layover. We were delayed an hour and still had to get through customs, pick up our bags, check them back in and find our gate. We were not even through customs when our boarding time arrived. We were panicked and rushed. When we finally got our bags to the check in, we were told \"don't sweat it. The plane you were on is the one going to New Orleans so it is delayed as well.\" They did not give us a time so we were still rushed. Got to the gate and the crew had not even boarded. They told us we had 10 minutes. We rushed to use the restroom and get dinner to take on board. They did not begin boarding until 30 minutes later. The only thing great about the flight home from there was the other passengers. There was a group heading on to a cruise and they were a blast. Not too loud as I still was able to sleep but just being cheerful in spite of the delay and the shock they endured when they realized they had to pay for drinks."
"Spirit must be the worst airline. My daughter was trying to travel from Denver to Dallas. She drove 45 minutes to the airport. When she got there, she was informed her flight was cancelled due to weather. That happens. But, I have two issues. First, the only option I was given was a refund. That does not help if you have to get somewhere. Perhaps more interesting is the fact that I was told by Spirit that the cancellation was due to weather. Yet the American flight leaving at the same time was leaving on-time. Now you may think that this is explainable because the weather delay could have been elsewhere. That is indeed possible. Except the plane was sitting at the gate. I feel I was lied to so they could claim weather rather than the real reason. Bottom line Spirit left my daughter stranded."
"My Spirit Airlines flight from Houston to Las Vegas has been cancelled twice due to insufficient crew. The next flights available were days or even a week apart which doesn't work considering we have hotels and events already booked. I don't expect food, entertainment, or really much since the tickets are so cheap. However I do expect to at least get to my destination that I paid for. This airline could not care less if they cancel flights and ruin numerous families vacations and plans."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Diego to Denver. The one upside of my trip with Spirit (and I mean the only one) came in the form of a no-charge in-airplane upgrade from a middle seat to an exit row seat. I'm a big guy (6'4, 215 ) and I think the flight attendant took pity on my cramped conditions. Booking: The process was easy enough, until I had to work through the myriad of upsell pages Spirit.com shoved on me. I liked the transparent, almost flippant approach to how they broke out the total ticket price (ie. \"Government's Cut,\" \"Security Fee,\" etc...) but really disliked having to click through multiple \"Buy Add-on's Here!\" pages just to buy my ticket. Online Check-In: Terrible. The system continued giving me error messages and wouldn't let me sign in with my account, which I created a week prior, I finally gave up and signed up for a new account with a new email address. Once I finally got in, I had to go through several more up-sell pages trying to encourage me to pay for additional add-ons. In Airport-Boarding: Boarding was straight-forward, but frustrating as the boarding agents continued allowing individuals to board ahead of their assigned boarding group. I was in Group 2, and boarded behind several individuals in groups 3 and 4 who didn't want to wait until their group was called. The boarding agents let them through ahead of their boarding group with no hassle. On-Plane: The plane was about 90% full, and a flight attendant upgraded me at no charge to an Exit Row seat. This was the only bright spot in a very frustrating Spirit Airlines experience. The seats themselves were your normal airplane seats, but these appeared to have very little cushioning and started to become quite uncomfortable about 20 minutes into the flight. About 1 1/2 hours into the flight, I asked the flight attendant for a glass of tap water, and was told they only had bottled water for $3 each. Deplaning: Nothing special about the deplaning experience. Just like every other airline here. Overall: Spirit Airlines bills themselves as an \"Ultra-Low Cost\" carrier, but unless you are flying with nothing but the clothes on your back, you will quickly find the low cost does not exist. Expect to pay a pretty penny for creature comforts like water, carry-on bags, and checked luggage. By spending a little more, you can fly with a respectable carrier who treats you like a valued customer."
"Verified Review | I drove 3 hours to Atlanta airport and arrived at 3am, I wanted to check in earlier because I knew that Atlanta airport gets really busy. My flight was supposed to leave at 10.41am which was perfect enough time for me to get back to Minneapolis to work. Unfortunately it is currently 1.14am and the airplane has finally arrived. But guess what, it landed on the opposite side of the gate that it should've landed on. After standing in line for 10 mins we found out that the plane is delayed again. Now my flight is not departing until 3pm. That is 12 hours I have been at this airport. Very inconvenient. We all have a life to attend to and sitting around waiting for a plane is not part of it. Never again will I fly with Spirit Airlines. It is not worth my time or money."
"Verified Review | I recommend no one purchase a flight with Spirit Airlines. Unless you plan on traveling with one small personal carry on (purse, backpack). I should have read the reviews before booking this flight from Las Vegas to Seattle. A $200 per person flight ended up costing about $400 per person once all the extra fees where added on after the initial purchase for a non refundable ticket. I feel really bad for the front line employees. The position this company has put them in to absorb the brunt of the angry costumers."
"Houston to Las Vegas with Spirit. This is the worst airline I have used and will never be flying spirit again. The cheap prices are not worth the hassle. You have to wait in long lines because only small carry ons are allowed on the plane so everyone has to check in their bags. At the end of the day you end up paying more for the flight due to payment for checking in the bags."
"Detroit to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. Our weekend trip was ruined because of this airline. Booked our flight for 6 a.m. departure. Received the phone call at 2am letting us know they cancelled our flight because staffing issues. So we got barely any sleep because they decided to call us a few hours before we left. They seemed really reluctant to try and even help us and made the whole situation so difficult. Luckily 3 out of 4 of us were able to get a flight. Because of the delay and the lack of sleep our first day to Vegas was pretty much ruined because we all felt terrible. Had we known we were going to have to dedicate an entire day to traveling we would have planned it better. So much for having a short trip. And the $50 voucher for a future flight wasn't exactly what I wanted. I will never fly with Spirit again."
"Needing improvement is vastly understated. Two plane delays for the same flight from Las Vegas to San Diego using the same aircraft, engine troubles. Then flight cancels. Due to weather although other flights leave. No other flights until the next day after 1pm. If seats are available. No accommodations but for you to receive a refund and book another flight. Something needs to change. Why aren't there any morning flights? Why was there a two hour delay due to weather when we were told from by the captain on the plane it was engine trouble? Will not be booking a Spirit flight anytime in the near future."
"I flew Spirit this past weekend from Las Vegas to Chicago round trip. After the first flight I had decided that the cheap prices are overall not worth it because of the additional baggage prices and seating prices. I was notified 2 hours before they advise you to arrive at the airport (especially ORD airport in Chicago) that my flight was cancelled and when I called and asked why, they stated \"staffing issues\". I called and the only thing Spirit offered was a flight the next day and a $50 voucher (to be used within 2 months). I spoke with 2 people because I got hung up on and a manager, all of whom could do nothing for me. The higher up manager I was told would call me at 5:30 pm today never called. All of this has been completely unacceptable. So for these reasons I will never fly Spirit again. They have a lot of room for improvement."
"Flew from Cancun to Detroit. My husband and I were on our way home from our wonderful honeymoon and we ended up missing our connecting flight because nobody knew where our luggage was. We and many other families also missed the connecting flight because of this. Spirit Airlines booked our connecting flights far too close together. You would think they would know that it takes more than 15 minutes to get off one plane, get our luggage, and go through customs before our next flight took off. We must have been in the baggage area for over 30 mins because our luggage was misplaced and they had about a hundred people going from one side of the baggage area to the next. They were extremely rude and not willing to help anyone out at all. They would not provide even a meal voucher, hotel room accomodation or anything. We had to stay the night in the airport. They pretty much just told everyone \"sucks for you\". They kept making excuses for everything and saying nothing was their fault. I will never ever fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Flew from Los Angeles to Oakland. Absolutely abysmal flight. The airline claims to be the discount option, but they try to monetize every single aspect of the flight, which can make the flight just as expensive as a decent carrier. The aircraft themselves are small and uncomfortable, and the customer service is the worst I've experienced. I would sooner walk to my destination than fly Spirit Airlines again."
"I should have read the reviews before booking but the price was right. I booked two flights, one for a relative and the other for me. My flight was $128.10 for 3 days in June. Great price, huh! No. They charged me $92.00 for one bag roundtrip. My relative had the same issue. They cancelled my flight due to mechanical difficulties and did not offer any alternative travel. I missed my cousins memorial service. I will never use Spirit Airlines again. As I am sure there are some great results for people who don't pack luggage when they travel but this was my experience. I never boarded the plane, so my review on the cabin is non-existent."
"Flew Cartagena to Ft Lauderdale. Horrible customer service at front desk and at boarding area. The lady at the front desk saw our carry on, we asked her if we needed anything else after we checked our luggage, she said no. We were on our way to board the aircraft and another lady sent us back to the gate because we hadn't checked our carry on. We get there and the same lady that checked us at the front desk was there next to a guy who asked us to pay U$100.00 for our carry on. She ignored out claims completely. We were told that at the front desk the charge would have been U$60.00. Another 2 families had the same issue. Disgusting policies and personnel. Besides this, we had to wait for members of the crew to be able to get into the airplane causing another delay. Never again Spirit Airlines."
"Flew from Portland to Orlando. This is my first and last time flying with Spirit Airlines. First, the amount you pay for a carry on bag is outrageous and more then half of the price I paid for the flight. Secondly the customer service is the worst I have dealt with, the web site will not allow you to move forward unless you agree to their membership. Why on earth would you purchase a membership for the price they charge you to carry a bag on that is bigger then a small backpack. This is truly the worst experience I have had with an airline and I fly frequently. They will charge you for any service they provide, printing tickets, seat assignments and carry on bags."
"Was asked to give up our 2 seats in exchange for next day travel and 4 round trip tickets. We decided to take the offer and was told we had 60 days to book and 1 year to travel. I called and was on the phone at least an hour and was told we could not be accommodated with our request. Called again and could not book anytime in January on any flight to Florida and was told our 60 days were up. I asked how could I book any flights in Feb. and going forward if you are not booking those dates and my 60 days are up. I requested to extend my 60 days, told he would document it but not guaranteed. Then I asked to speak to a supervisor and he would not put me through to one. We will never fly Spirit again. By the time you pay for every extra, I can take a more reliable airline for the same or less amount. PS: I did get to book a flight for November for free but am very leery on using Spirit."
"Verified Review | Traveling with Spirit can become a nightmare: delays, technical issues, personnel with very poor sense of customer service, and no one with authority to help is what you buy when trying to save a few dollars. My wife and I booked a round trip Dallas–Bogota-Dallas with one stop in Ft Lauderdale. Our initial trip to Bogota was ok, on the contrary, our trip back to the U.S was really bad. We had an hour delay in Bogota due to air traffic, however, we arrived to Ft Lauderdale with a one hour window to make our connection to Dallas. Even though we had limited time, we thought we could make the connection considering we did not have checked bags to be waiting for. We rushed to from the airplane to Immigration, once we reached immigration, officials asked us to wait in a separate line due to technical errors presented exclusively by Spirit Airlines. After 35 minutes a member of Spirit was able to communicate to the gate by radio confirming that the gate was still open. He gave us directions and asked us to run to the gate. Despite the delay in Immigration, we managed to arrive at the gate 5 minutes prior to the time, however, no one was at the gate. We approached the representative on the next gate who said there was nothing she could do. At that time the airplane was still parked at the gate. At another gate a representative booked us onto a flight scheduled to depart 24 hours later. We went to the Spirit Counter where we had to wait for about 55 minutes to talk to a supervisor. The only thing the supervisor did was blame 'air traffic'. To make things worse she gave us a list of hotels where we were supposed to get 40 to 50% discount for being a 'Spirit Customer'. We called several hotels and non of them offer discounts for us. We spent the night in Ft Lauderdale and traveled back home 24 hours later. This situation is not an isolated case, at least 4 family members and friends had lost their connection in the last 4 weeks. Trying to save a few dollars we lost a day of work, spent money in food and transportation and were put in a lot of stress. Please do not make the same mistake we did buying tickets with Spirit."
"Booked a trip for my birthday/family member graduation from Atlanta to Atlantic City with Spirit Airlines. Boarded the plane. We sat on the Tarmac for 3 hours. 1 hour for the flight attendants to see if everyone was on the right flight. The next 2 hrs we sat being promised we would be taking off shortly. Only to return to the terminal with a cancelled flight with no accommodations or a new departure. Had to go all the way back to the ticket check in desk to tell me the next available flight for my trip would be when I was to return from my vacation 2 whole days later. The manager suggest I find another flight after giving me the only option of a refund (which will take 7-10 business day) and find another flight in which none were available. Customer service was the worst."
"Verified Review | Flew from Dallas to Oakland California. When I tell you that Spirit Airlines is the worst airline that I have flown I mean it. Yes, they have cheap fares, but cheap isn't always better when you're being charged as much as $50 for checked luggage. The seats on the plane do not recline and they charge you for onboard snacks, they basically charge you for everything. Do yourself a favor and fly one of the major airlines such as American, United or Southwest to avoid a disappointment."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Orlando, FL - Fort Lauderdale, FL - San Jose, Costa Rica and return. Aside from some nice employees we encountered, everything else about this flight was just horrible. We waited for 20 minutes after boarding, then an announcement was made that there was a dent in the plane, 20 minutes later they announced that it was taking longer than expected to fix and we could get off the plane if we wanted to. As we were getting off they made a 3rd announcement that we would miss our connecting flight and would have to stay the night in Fort Lauderdale then fly out the next day. Finally almost an hour later they announce that the plane would not be able to fly. After 30 more minutes, they announce that a new plane would be coming, but wait, this new plane could only fit 178 people and our current plane had 219 passengers. They told us that more than half the plane could go ahead and board the new aircraft, but the rest of us would have to figure out what we were going to do. We could volunteer to give up our flight and switch it to the next available or check with an attendant to see what other options and flights there were. If we had decided to take the option for volunteering to take a new flight, then we would have had to fly to Houston TX from Orlando with a huge layover and finally end up in Costa Rica (our final destination) at midnight the next day. That's if nothing else happened, we would have missed a whole day of our trip. With so much chaos and confusion, my husband and I decided to take the 4 hour drive from Orlando to Fort Lauderdale. After waiting 2 hours for our luggage, we finally left the airport at 2.30 am EST, after arriving at 7.00 pm EST. Then after arriving at Fort Lauderdale airport at around 6.30ish am EST, our flight did not leave until 10.40 am EST. My husband and I fly pretty frequently and I have never encountered any of these issues before, let alone all of them at the same time. You get a great price when flying with Spirit but you also take a chance that you might be late or never arrive."
"Verified Review | Checked flight night before and delayed notice, checked again before bed and on-time notice. Printed boarding passes at hotel when leaving for airport. Boarding passes listed one hour delay and Gate change. Arrived at airport, ate a meal, went to gate to find out the flight was on-time and changed back to original gate. Went to original gate to find passengers lined up to board at 4.00 pm. Waiting to board received a delayed notice because of maintenance issues (Maintenance issue announced three times) we were finally called to board plane. As I stepped onto the plane, a thunder and lightning storm started and we sat on the plane for approx. 1.5 hours as flights were grounded and airport was closed. Finally when flight was ok for take-off passengers with connecting flights to LA realized that we were going to miss our connecting flights, asked flight attendants for advice. They had no information. We were told to get off the plane and get instructions from the gate attendants. Finally attendants gave limited info that we could get off and get a flight the next day with no accommodation or we could fly on and get the next flight out of LA to Oakland. Arrived in LA and missed our connecting flight by 15 min. All passengers who missed connecting flight were told to go to the gate to make arrangements. We were told not to wait in line and go to the side to be helped by the next agent. Once we talked to an agent we were told that there were no flights until the next morning. We asked about accommodation and were told there was none because it was a storm issues. I asked to speak to supervisor. Supervisor would not accommodate us. Through frustration I with my 2 traveling companions chose to take a refund and we rented a car and drove 5 hours home. The customer service through this experience was horrible and unacceptable. It may be a cheap flight but you shouldn't get a cheap service in return."
"Verified Review | Flight going to Vegas was great. Planned a nice birthday get away from the 9th to the 12th (red eye) we were supposed to make it home at 6am on 6/12. Needless to say our flight was cancelled so we had to get a hotel room for the day until our flight was scheduled to leave the following night (getting us home at 6am on the 13th). That flight was cancelled as well so we were stuck in Vegas for 2 additional days and Spirit wants to offer travel vouchers? There's no way I will fly this airline again. We literally had to beg them to put us on a different airline and they refused to compensate us for what we are out of because of their lack of employees to cover 2 flights."
"Verified Review | Yes the flights are cheap, however do not waste your time. I flew from Los Angeles to Kansas with no issue, however coming back was a nightmare. I was informed at around my scheduled take off time that my flight was delayed two hours. After hour in a half wait, was then informed that it was cancelled. The next possible flight was the next day, and had an 5 hour layover when my flight was a non stop flight. Customer service was rude, and not helpful at all with trying to accommodate me. The agent's accent was so hard to understand that it was so frustrating. Since my flight was rebooked, they have already notified me that this new flight is now delayed. Don't go with Spirit Airlines. I read the reviews and still took a chance."
"Portland to Phoenix via Los Angeles with Spirit Airlines. Worst flying experience. First flight delayed by 3 hours. Next flight kept us on board for an hour, then delayed and made us wait over 3 hours before announcing flight was cancelled. Offered zero assistance in rebooking. Do not fly this airline. The aggravation is not worth a couple bucks in savings."
"Verified Review | New York to Detroit with Spirit Airlines. Checked or carrying bags are an extra charge ($40-45 a piece). They prompt you to choose your seat for an extra cost, and when they cancel your flight, they casually send you an email that says \"a change had been made to your flight, either a delay or cancellation.\" In my case, there were no additional flights out the same day. The reason for the cancellation was \"air traffic congestion\" - whatever that means and the offer they gave me was Wednesday morning. This is unacceptable for any professional trying to get to work on time. I had no choice but to switch carriers and get home at a decent time. The only nice thing was I didn't have to fight for my full refund. This experience with Spirit has made me never want to deal with them again."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Seattle to Los Angeles. Deceptive advertising and poor customer service. Beware, After you purchase you airfare, you'll find out you still have to pay for your seat assignments which can cost from $6 to $25 per seat. Then there is the luggage, $35 for the 1st piece (only 40lbs) provided you add it online ahead of time. However its $50 if you call them to add it or pay at check in. Their website would not allow me to add it online requiring me to call them, and after 30 minutes they still refused to add it over the phone for the $35.00 regardless of the glitches with their website. And carry-on's? Yes, they charge for them as well, and if you wait to pay for the carry-on until you are at the gate, it costs $100. (for the carry-on?). One lady only had cash which they would not accept and they required her to put the contents in a clear plastic bag and then leave the luggage behind? They explained the reasons were to control the weight on the plane. Yet she was able to take the contents? Also: if you wait to check in and get your boarding pass at the counter it costs $10.00 per person. Seats, do not recline, mainly because they are so close together. No drinks or snacks were offered."
"Verified Review | You've probably heard it many times, but this is the absolutely worst airline I've flown. I fly all over the world for work and personal events. This trip was personal. Our flight was 2.5 hours late getting started. Reason given was late leaving Dallas. See my other review of their atrociously awful seats. Then we land and leave Minneapolis. As we are approaching Denver we are told we have to circle for a couple hours due to bad weather. Strange, since the other airline websites show all flights close to on time. When we get on the ground finally, we find people there who have been there more than 30 hours, due to cancelled flights on Spirit Airlines. They will be on our flight to Vegas. All other flights here in Denver are gone and on time. So they knew they were having problems before I even got to the airport this morning. As of this review I have been flying and/or sitting in an airport for over 12 hours for a 5 hours flight. They call themselves a cheap, low cost airline. By the time you've spent more than you would have on a real carrier you realize cheap means very low quality. I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines is the worst airline I have flown. Flew from Los Angeles to Baltimore. They charge for every little thing they can, so getting a true discount is a complete camouflage. I went to the customer service desk to check-in one duffle style bag, the young lady ensured me my bag was fine as a carry on if I was able to fit my small purse inside of it, which I did. The bag charge at check-in is $50.00 per bag. Right before I boarded the gentleman told me my bag was oversized and I needed to pay $100 to board the plane. I explained what happened when I initially checked in and requested to speak to a supervisor. The supervisor was very non caring and brushed me off immediately. He told me he'll speak to the young lady and charged me $65.00 dollars instead. With the additional $15.00 I spent to get a window seat and $65.00 for a standard bag, I could have flown a more quality airline, which I will next time. I will never fly with Spirit again. I should have read more reviews before I booked a flight with them. By far this has been the worst display of customer service I've experienced. No complimentary anything, not even a beverage service with a small glass of water was free. Seats didn't even recline, not comfortable at all. This was my first and last time dealing with Spirit."
"Save your sanity, money and time on your life you will never get back by flying this airline. My son and I booked this incredible deal and it was worst decision ever! No only did I have to pay $110 for our carry-on luggage (including his toddler roller suitcase, the size of a backpack) but the plane came into the airport with major mechanical issues. 30 minutes after we were supposed to take off we finally got an update that there would be an hour delay. After 3 hours the flight was cancelled and we were offered to rebook for a flight the next day, get a refund or get a spirit coupon. By this time it's amost 7pm at night, no time to get another flight. The line to get our $ back was a hour long, we had to wait another 30 minutes for a checked baggage. In all my hyper 5 year old son and I were in the PDX airport for over 8 hours. I will never fly this airline again. I lost precious time with my family. They needed to cancel this flight much earlier and given us time to find another flight."
"Boston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. I was schedule to leave Boston at 7.30pm - they kept pushing back my flight and at around 9.30pm they canceled the flight. Then they made us stand in line until midnight along with 200 angry passengers. They gave us a hard time about rebooking on the next available flight. They found us a flight on Delta the next day but we were stranded in Boston until then. They cost me a full day of my vacation and my flight and hotel was a package deal so I paid for a hotel day for nothing. The flight they booked me on to Vegas was great on Delta. The flight with Spirit on the way back had cramped seating and no luxurys. I bought the Spirit tickets because the were supposed to be direct flight and inexpensive but it ended up costing my an additional $240 for luggage and the flight down had layovers. I wouldn't recommend this airline to anyone."
"I booked my flight from Chicago to Boston 2 months in advance. The morning of my flight, I received an email that the plane would be delayed an hour. Two hours later, I received another email that the flight was delayed an additional 30 minutes. After going through security and while waiting at the gate, we were told that our flight had been cancelled and we would need to walk back out (past security) to the main desk for our options. They offered to reimburse the ticket cost (including the carry on I paid for) or they could book me on their next flight leaving two days later. I took the refund. You get what you pay for, it was not worth saving the extra $15 when I first purchased the tickets. This was my first experience with Spirit and I will never use them again."
"Flew from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Please be ready for extra charges such as choosing your seat, and baggage. If you do not pay extra for a seat you will more than likely receive a middle seat. Carry-ons are also extra $$. Only one small personal bag is allowed with plane ticket. Seats were also very small compared to other airlines I have been on such as Delta, Southwest and Hawaiian Airlines. Also, no free snacks were offered. I assumed because it was a short flight, but my flight back was through Southwest and my experience with them was much more pleasurable."
"Our flight from Phoenix to Cancun with Spirit Airlines was cancelled by email after we were checked in. We just paid for our luggage. They put us on another airline 24 hours later. They wouldn't refund our luggage and we had to pay for luggage on new airline. Similar experience on the way home. They cancelled our flight but made us wait 24 hours for their next flight. Wouldn't pay for rooms or meals."
"Booked 6 weeks in advance. Flight cancelled at the last minute upon my arrival to the gate. Given the option of either refunding or waiting for the next available flight to my destination (in two days.) I asked to be booked on another airline, being told that it was not possible \"because Spirit did not partner with any other airline.\" I was lucky enough to get a flight on American for $400, although leaving late at night. Would I recommend Spirit - absolutely not. At O'Hare airport, I was told that last minute cancellations with Spirit were not uncommon. Unfortunately, one gets what one pays for. This should be in their logo."
"My flight from Las Vegas to Detroit was cancelled via email moments before my scheduled departure. I had gone through the security check point and checked my luggage. My flight was scheduled to leave at 8.18am, the next flight Spirit had an available seat on was leaving Vegas at 8.15pm. I was stuck in the airport for 12 hours. Spirit gave no consideration for my time or inconvenience. I wasn't given a meal or even a cup of coffee."
"Verified Review | My flight from Philadelphia to Atlanta was delayed 3 hours with a notice sent via email just as I was leaving for the airport at 5 am. Spirit's instructions were to arrive 2 hours before the original flight time. I tried calling customer support and could not get past the automated voice. I then tried calling Spirit at Philadelphia airport with a message that the mailbox was full. This delay precludes the reason for going on this trip, making it useless and expensive. Cheap flights? Yes. Delays happen but customer support should not be non-existent if this is their mode of operation. I will never fly Spirit because it has cost me more money than a major airline."
"Delayed flight is expected with Spirit, but the lack of apologies and bad attitude of Ft Lauderdale supervisor is unacceptable. Very disorganized At Spirit terminal and even worse at the gate. If you have a choice of another airline, save yourself the stress and spend the few extra dollars."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit from Las Vegas to Chicago O'Hare. We have been standing here since 43.0am waiting for an attendant to check our bags. Every other airline has been checking people in. At about 4.45 a rude lady comes up and says that no one will be there untill 5.30am. Every other airline says to be there at least 2 hours before your flight and Spirit has the nerve to say \"oh you only have to be there 45 min before your flight\". You will regret flying with this airline."
"Dallas to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. I have never seen bait and switch like this by a company in all my 60 years. At what seemed like a cheap fare ended up being more than double. All just because I wanted to take 2 bags and sit next to my wife. They charge for credit card usage, 801 numbers, not printing out your on ticket. Very uncomfortable seating. It's Southwest all the way next time."
"My family (4 people) booked a direct round trip flight with Spirit Airlines from Chicago O'Hare to Philadelphia. Spirit then changed our flight to include layovers both ways. For my family to sit by one another we were now forced to pay double the seating cost. Also on the way home our layover was scheduled for 3 hours (previously direct flight) and was then delayed another hour and 20 minutes. I also would not recommend this airline for tall people. My family had poor experiences with Spirit before, but decided to give them another chance. After this trip we have decided we will not be flying with them again."
"I booked a round trip flight from Baltimore to Atlanta with the return leg with Spirit Airlines. A week prior to my flight, a friend of mine who flew with Spirit told me of his recent negative experiences. My friend had informed me of all sorts of different fees that Spirit charges, specifically in regards to seat selections as well as carry-on luggage. With that in mind, I travelled with the smallest piece of luggage I could find. I arrived at the airport just shy of 2 hours prior to my flight time. I got my boarding pass and going through security was a breeze, I got to the Spirit gate, and realized that my flight was going to be at a different gate to what was printed on my boarding pass. I sat at the the \"right\" gate number only to find out just 15 minutes prior to the boarding time printed on the boarding pass that a different flight was posted on the screen at the gate. I got up, went to the nearest Spirit (agent/personnel) I could find to check whether the flight had changed gate, of course the agent told me that yes it had and gave me the new gate number, (mind you, no announcement was made over the PA system to inform the passengers who were at the now wrong gate that there was a gate change). I went to the now right gate and approached the agent at the counter who was speaking over the PA system about how the price for a carry-on luggage would go from $65 to $100 if passengers did not check with the agents prior to the start of the boarding process. I went to to the counter, I tried to pay with cash, but I was told that they do not accept cash, so I gave him a credit card, he left the counter where he was at and went across the way to a different counter with my credit card. Moments later he came back to tell me that my card was declined, I presented him with a different card and instantly got on the phone with my credit card company who informed me what I already knew, that my account is good standing. Got on the plane, the seats were so small that the passenger next to me was literally on my side of the seat, I had to lean away toward the aisle just to so I could have my space. I must admit, the flight left on time (which I hear is a rarity for Spirit) and it also arrived on time. Because of the aforementioned experience, I would never recommend that airline to anyone. Yes their initial ticket price might be \"cheaper\" than some other airlines, but all the nonsense fees that they charge will surpass the average price a regular flight would cost. As for me, I would not fly Spirit again."
"Arrived at the airport in CLE and walked up to counter. The representive looks at me and says very rudely \"you are not going to Disney today\" I thought she was joking. My only option with 3 crying kiddos was to take a flight to Tampa and rent a car and drive or refund my money and find myself another flight. Luckily American Airlines was able to accommodate us and more than half of the Spirit Airlines flight. We paid an extra $150 total. No apologies, nothing. The worst part was I never got an email saying the flight was cancelled. Only delayed. I was warned about them but decided to give them a try. Never again. I will stick to more reliable airlines."
"Phoenix to Dallas - I never actually got to fly on Spirit. My husband and I had booked a weekend getaway to meet some friends in Dallas. Our flight was cancelled last minute do to some sort of crew issue. We had traveled a long way just to get to the airport, so when they said the flight was cancelled it was extremely disappointing. The lady who tried to find options for us, was very friendly despite all the upset customers she had to deal with. Unfortunately the next flight wasn't until late the next day and by then it would have been just pointless to book since we only had a couple of days for our vacation. I did ask if they could book us another flight on another airlines. She said we had to wait for her supervisor. Several times, they announced this supervisor would be out in 30 minutes. We were there quite a while and never saw the mysterious supervisor. We were tired and eventually asked for a refund. The flight was late and I figured if we were having this much trouble getting there, coming back would probably be an issue was well. I never had chance to fly them, but I know I'll never book them again."
"Verified Review | Once again Spirit Airlines communications were very poor and the flight from Houston to Chicago was canceled either due to weather or the crew \"timing out\" although it was obvious other flights were departing after the bad weather had cleared. It took them six hours to decide to cancel our flight although the plane had arrived and was visible from the gate from before it was scheduled for boarding. Furthermore the crew stated that it was not the case that the crew would time out by the time they arrived in Chicago. Absolutely unacceptable. They made absolutely no attempt to honor their contract of carriage and make accommodations through other airlines. Perhaps they don't even codeshare but their lack of attempt to reschedule any of their passengers was absolutely deplorable. Shortly after the flight is scheduled to arrive Spirit Airlines sends out a survey for feedback. Click the link and the page responses \"Forbidden\" to circumvent any metrics pertaining to their efficiency."
"Verified Review | On Wednesday 5/25 I attempted to make my first flight with Spirit from New Orleans to Chicago. However, after the flight was delayed twice (changed on the board, never announced) the flight was cancelled. The passengers were only told to go to the ticket counter to resolve any flight issues. No other information was given. At the counter we were told that the next available flight would be in 3 days - Saturday 5/28. No accommodations were made for anyone. Persons trying to fly home were not given hotel vouchers, no attempts were made to try and find alternative flights. I have never experienced such poor customer service from any airline. I received a full refund for my flight (although I have yet to be credited on my credit card). I attempted to find another flight with another airline but due to the short notice the airfare was extremely high and i was forced to cancel my trip."
"Verified Review | Denver to Los Angeles. Spirit Airlines cancelled the flight due to errors with the plane then stated that the best they could do for me and my two children was to fly me to San Diego instead of Los Angeles, or I would have to wait 2 days to be flown back to Los Angeles. I didn't have the money for two nights of hotel so I chose to be flown the San Diego the next morning. I had to spend $100 on a hotel, then another $100 on transportation from San Diego to Los Angeles because they refused to help in any way. $200 out of my pocket which is money that I don't have just to be informed that they could have helped me get to Los Angeles but refused to do so."
"Ft Lauderdale to Boston with Spirit. I have flown Spirit 3 times now. I chose them due to the low ticket prices, and after my first time shock of the additional baggage fees (who flies without taking extra clothes?) I gave them a second try. And now a third. They do not deserve a fourth and here is why. When you book a flight you schedule it around the rest of your life. You pick the times that work with you. Well Spirit doesn't care, they pushed back my departure times all three trips. Not delays, but changes. When an airline tells you that your trip will take xx hours but you get to your destination and the gate is occupied, it adds time to you trip. Now an on-time arrival is a late arrival. Yes, all 3 trips this happened. Not only does Spirit jack up their prices for bags, they are not reliable at all."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Oakland via Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. I would never fly Spirit again. They delayed my first flight by 3 hours which then made me miss my Spirit connecting flight to Oakland and had no other flight for me to connect to. Their line was \"we can refund your money so you can get a ticket with another airline\" the problem is they do not reciprocate with other airlines so my ticket was going to be an extra $900. No voucher for food - nothing."
"Portland to Phoenix return with Spirit Airlines. The flight from Portland to Phoenix was non eventful. On my return flight to Portland, flight was delayed by 2.5 hours. I was notified by e-mail. So far so good. No e-mail regarding connecting flight in Los Angeles. When I got to the airport I was told there would be no connecting flight. I could get a partial refund and try another airline or come back the next day. I agreed to come back the next day. I was given a boarding pass for the flight from Phoenix to LA, when I asked about the boarding pass from LA to Portland, I was told they did not have that flight information. The reason I found out 3 hours later is that there was no flight from LA to Portland the next day. If I had not done my research I would have been stranded in LA. I ended up getting the partial refund, scrambling for another airline and paying out even more money. I made it to Portland on Southwest. I will never use Spirit again. Save a lot of stress, pay a few extra dollars and take another airline and get to where you are going in a timely manner."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Detroit with Spirit Airlines. Before placing judgment on a company, I like to give them the benefit of the doubt, this leading me to purchase of return flight tickets via Spirit. I am very disappointed with the service received during what was supposed to be a very short trip from Atlanta to Detroit. As with many flights, our departing gate was switched. Which is harmless enough, except it was never updated at the gate, leading many individuals from other flights to wait at ours, which was incorrect and inconvenient for them. Once we boarded the plane, we then proceeded to sit on the plane for an hour. In 20 minutes, they read the names of 10 people, asked them to grab their things and exit te flight. It took 40 minutes for us to be updated on the cause, that Spirit had oversold the flight and they had to figure out what to do. Part of that involved pulling people off the plane (some who had booked months in advance), without explanation. It took another 15 minutes for them to allow those individuals back on the plane. Following which 10 more minutes passed, during which they realized there was still one more seat open and they sought to fill it. It is unbelievable the poor communication and service provided by this airline. I guess for an airline that charges for everything once you step on that plane, good customer service definitely isn't included. Will never use their services again."
"I am flying Houston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines and I have not been able to get a boarding pass yet. When I tried to check in, prepay for my bags, and select my seats, I repeatedly got the following message \"We are unable to successfully process one or more payments. Please select a different payment and apply it until the balance due is zero.\" I tried 3 different cards with the same result. When I tried calling customer service for help, none of the automated recordings helped and there was no way to speak to an individual. I will now have check in at the gate, pay extra for checking in, pay extra for my bags, and take whatever lousy seats that are left available, and take the chance of not being seated next to my family. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Fort Lauderdale to Detroit with Spirit Airlines. We got to the terminal for our 820pm flight at approx 545pm. We checked in, got our boarding passes and checked the board for our flight. Our 820pm flight was delayed until 930pm. We were then instructed to get into a huge line in order to check our bags. The line was so long that it went outside and down the sidewalk. It took a little over an hour just to check our bags, and then we still had to go through security. When we finally got up to the front in order to check our bags, we were informed that not only had our boarding gate changed, but our flight was now delayed until 1015pm. We went to our gate and waited. After about an hour, they made an announcement that our gate had been changed to one on the other side of the terminal. So, with about 50 other grumbling people, we walked to the new gate, and waited. They made an announcement that we were waiting on a couple of flight attendants to get there from another flight and that we'd start boarding as soon as they did their safety check. Finally at about 9pm we started boarding. You would think that's where our troubles would end, but no. We landed in Detroit at 1210am, then it took us 20 minutes to get to the terminal and get off the plane. Then another long walk down to baggage claim. We get to baggage claim 2 and we waited. All around us, people were starting to sit down in the middle of the floor. After 1h 10m there was announcement saying that the carousel with our baggage would now be at number 6. So we all get up, walk down to carousel number 6, and wait another 20 minutes before our baggage finally started coming up. Then we still had to get a shuttle to the hotel to get our car, and then drive 40 minutes to get home. So a trip that should have been approx. 6 hours ended up being almost 9 hours. This is absolutely outrageous considering that it's only a 2.5 hour flight. Not only that, but we also had to deal with a lot of very rude employees. Is it because the customers are disgruntled by all of the waiting and delayed/cancelled flights taking it out on them? The entire airline needs to be more organized and way more efficient. If you choose to fly Spirit, I wish you the best."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines flight from Las Vegas to Chicago, May 7: delayed by 2 hours. Flight Chicago to Las Vegas, May 9: cancelled 20 minutes before departure, because the pilot did not show up! Alternative flight offered due to cancellation: 24 hours later, with an additional stopover of only 45 minutes - the first leg was of course late by 15 minutes. Had to fight lto get rebooked on a direct flight the same day and not get stuck for a second night. The few dollars saved are not worth it at all."
"Boston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines and horrible service. Over the period of three hours we kept getting information that our flight has been delayed. They delayed us for about 4-5 times. Started at 7 pm and ended at about 10pm with constant delays. My guess is that they must of known that this was going to get cancelled. However we found ourselves scrambling to try and find another flight but we were too late. The next one was the next day not arriving until midnight. We had lost money from having to get a hotel as well as find another flight. They only offered to refund our money, however not help recoup for anything else. My sister left about four days earlier on Spirit and had a similar experience. So beware of this airline. They don't seem to have that great a record."
"Verified Review | I am so fed up with this airline. They extract fees at every angle. I checked in early to get a somewhat decent seat (like I did for my upcoming flight tomorrow from Denver to Chicago by setting an alarm for 24 hours to check in) and get a seat at the back of the plane in the middle. Trust me, my standards for a seat are not that high. I can get passed the fact they don't recline, or my back is mangled after a less than 2 hr flight, the $50 carry on fee, the slow lines at the counter, etc.. And I get that they are upfront about costs overall, but this particularly makes me angry because they charge you $18 to move your seat from the middle at the kiosk. It's just another way to make you miserable enough to extract a little more money out of you. By the time you make this flight somewhat bearable you could have flown Southwest and got a snack, Internet, and 2 free bags. They call it \"random\" seating, but how is it that every time I chose this option I always get the middle in the back? Isn't there only about a 1/3 chance you'd get that? Why has this happened the last 3 times I've flown them? Not very \"random\" Spirit. You will not get another dime out of me."
"Las Vegas to Denver, and this is the first and very last time I will ever fly Spirit Airlines. Horrible experience. My flight was delayed 7 times through out the day. And no other reason then the plane was late getting back from an LA flight. Emails from Spirit started this morning at 0945 through my final flight time (hopefully, fingers crossed! ) of 7pm. Haven't taken off yet, maybe another email coming? Poor planning on the airlines part creates a bunch of angry and NON returning customers. Someone at Spirit needs to wake up and get some planning skills in order. Thank you Spirit for ruining the end of my wonderful vacation."
"Verified Review | My flight home from San Diego to Denver was delayed 3 times and then cancelled. I was offered another flight 4 days later and no comps. I called to see if possibly the customer service would be better then the horrible service I received at the terminal and ticket counter. I asked for a supervisor and was told to wait for 2 hours to possibly see one. The customer service was horrible, the call took well over an hour and there was no resolution. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. Lost 2 days and $450 later (new flight with another airline and a hotel) I will be getting home."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Phoenix. Our $394 ticket became $534. I don't object to their Ryanair-type methods. I've flown Ryanair in Europe, no problem. $3 for a soda? Could care less. $2 for crackers? So what? Window seat charge? What I object to is, despite their claims, they are not transparent and upfront. For example, their $9 membership, isn't $9, it's $59. At the end of the arduous online experience when you're trying to book your ticket (and after shutting down that $9 club window numerous times), you receive a summary of costs and you must pay it now. There's no option to say \"no\" don't need or want this or that, and then pay. So, for example, most online sites when providing a summary before payment, let you correct any errors. Not Spirit Airlines. You need to go back to the beginning and start all over again. Their marketing gimmick of sending panic notices 2 days before your fight is well-crafted psycho drama. Reserve your seat now or it will cost $100 at the airport! Well, guess what? You don't have to reserve a seat. Guess what, you don't have to pay for one carry-on that sits beneath the seat in front of you. But you just did. This is not about knowing the ropes. It’s about not getting suckered in by an organization that wants to sucker you every step of the way."
"Verified Review | Scheduled to fly Spirit Airlines from Baltimore to New Orleans, with a layover in Houston, on JazzFest weekend. Spirit landed in TX, and the next flight was delayed 1.5 hours. Finally boarded the plane, only to be told the flight was being cancelled due to weather. All the New Orleans' passengers had to get off, leaving 4 passengers bound to Ft. Lauderdale. Wouldn't the plane fly over the same/similar air space to go to Florida as it would to go to Nola? So all the Nola passengers deplane and are told there is nothing they can do for us at that time. We can either get only that leg of the trip refunded, or come back in two days and they would try to get us on a plane. I've never heard of an airline abandoning their passengers and not have any options for them. I ended up renting a car and driving the rest of the way, into the wee hours of the morning -- oh, and encountered zero weather. I will never fly Spirit again, and I'm taking the time to write this review to save you the headache that I just went through."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Los Angeles, and Spirit Airlines should teach employees how to speak to people. I had a terrible time at the ticket counter trying to purchase the tickets. The man wouldn't even look in my direction when speaking to me. Who stares at the wall while answering your questions? The gate agents do not say a word to you other than to ridicule you for showing you your ID and anything else they do not like about you. I was shoved over as I entered the plane by a female flight attendant. She looked straight at me and never said a word, just shoved past me as she closed the overhead baggage compartments. The only time I received decent service was when I bought product during the flight. You get what you pay for ladies and gentlemen."
"Baltimore to Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. Staff was very nice, seats were very tight but it was not bad for the price or for a short 2 hour flight - wifi would have been terrific but I slept most of the way. I like the fact that you only pay for what is needed. I was taking a 2 day trip and did not need an expensive airfare."
"Verified Review | First and last time flying Spirit Airlines. The flight to Los Angeles was awful. They have no affiliation with TSA precheck, so we waited in a huge, slow line for security. The plane was late arriving, and departed close to an hour late. The seats were so cramped - I am only 5'4\" and my knees were only a couple of inches from the seat in front of me. I've never been so uncomfortable on a plane in my life. The return trip departure was also delayed. This was different model of plane, and it did provide a bit more leg room - by stripping the seats down to metal and a thin layer of padding. The tray table was about the size of a business-sized envelope. Wouldn't fit a food container, a laptop, or even a tall water bottle. It was completely useless. The discomfort is not worth the cost savings. And then Spirit sent me a \"customer satisfaction survey\" after each leg of the flight. I tried to open it both times, on an iPad and a laptop, and there was nothing there - no file to be found. So clearly they don't really want any feedback. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | I received an email at 12pm today (Sunday, April 24th) saying that my 4:55pm flight from New York to Detroit was cancelled - not delayed or postponed to another time just flat out cancelled. I was on the phone with their customer service for almost 2 hours and talked to 4 different people, I explained that I had a funeral tomorrow morning and needed to get back. They told me they could get me home Tuesday (the 26th) morning or they could refund me the portion that was cancelled but they couldn't give me a full refund to put towards another ticket. I had to pay out of my pocket to get another ticket through a different airline and I still won't make it home to go to the funeral. I will never fly Spirit again. They did nothing to help me, and I still have no idea why the flight was cancelled."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Dallas Ft Worth. Spirit Airlines are not really cheap also they have a lot of tricks to purchase for the baggage, seats, insurance. Check-in is $10 if you ask to the passenger assistant at the airport. My flight schedule was 6.25pm from Atlanta airport to Dallas. They had an issue with the maintenance for 4 hours. Departure time was changed 6.25pm to 10.15pm. They do not let the passengers know what the reason was. No apologies of course. They do not really update promptly. They don't even give you the water when you are on the plane. Everything is purchase necessary. Their service is not really professional."
"It's not worth trying to save a few pennies with Spirit Airlines because you don't. Flew Atlanta to Chicago. They charge for a carry-on, as well as checked-in luggage. They are more unreliable than any other airline around. Today my flight was delayed for more than 3 hours and so was the flight at the very next gate. Both delays were said to be aircraft problems. They are terrible updating you of the status of your flight."
"Flew Oakland, CA to Dallas, TX. I have two complaints about Spirit Airlines. Customer service is very unpleasant. I was asked to pay $100.00 for carrying a small purse at the gate or stuff it inside my briefcase, I replied, \"There is no room to stuff my purse\". I dumped all of my personals inside my briefcase and threw my inexpensive purse in the garbage. I refused to pay a $100.00 fee. I only wished to be advised at the ticket counter where I checked in my bag? I complied with the request. However, there were other female passengers that arrived with a couple of bags and was not asked to pay the extra fee for carrying a purse. I asked a couple of women who confirmed that they did not have to pay extra. I cancelled a flight due to personal reasons 10 days in advance. I requested a credit for future travel. Per the agent, the cancellation fee was my fare and as a courtesy, I will be emailed a voucher of $6.00 or $10.00 if I go on line and make the changes myself. I will never fly Spirit Airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | Flew Phoenix, AZ to Los Angeles, CA. Arrived at the airport 3 hours early just for that to be pointless due to the fact that no representative even showed up to start checking people in and getting boarding passes to people until 1.5 hrs prior to takeoff, mind you at this point they have to check in pretty much the whole flight at this point. The plane was at the terminal ready for boarding yet no boarding even began until 5 min prior to scheduled takeoff. The plane finally actually started its taxi 45 mins past original takeoff time and the excuse was that they had messed up the paperwork in the terminal. Also, bags do not fly free, they don't even fly at a reasonable price, thankfully I brought a small personal bag and that's it, otherwise you would pay more for the bag to fly than what I paid for my original ticket. You will not save money with Spirit Airlines and you will be lucky to get wherever you are trying to go on time."
"Verified Review | On our way from Houston to Las Vegas we took a carry on bag on board with no problems. On the way back from Vegas we needed a boarding pass print out so we went to the counter before security check to get the boarding passes, and since the same carry on bag was a little heavy we decided to check it in, the lady at the counter said if we want to check it in it will cost us $50 so we decided to carry it on. At the gate however they said we cannot take it on board it's got to be checked in and that it will cost $200, we made an objection that the lady at the check in counter asked for $50 only why do we have to pay that much now. They refused and forced us to pay $100. When we were already at the gate boarding, and there was nothing else we could do, but to pay the $100."
"Verified Review | I arrived at the gate six minutes before departure with my infant and four year old daughter due to long wait in security. Only to have the door literally slammed in my face. I watched as the plane sat for another twenty minutes while I was told I could not board. Customer service was rude and seemed under internal pressure to act in such a way. They did book me on the next flight at no charge. This is my third time flying Spirit and the second horrible experience with the airline. On another flight they canceled it because of weather. It hadn't even started raining. On my extended layover and delay they offered no hotel or food. I wouldn't say everyone is rude, just the customer service reps in the airport. Telephone and flight attendants where pleasant. I won't fly with them again."
"They ruined the purpose of our spring break vacation. The 7 days we took unwinding and enjoying the sun, beaches, and cruising came to a crashing halt when Spirit Airlines cancelled our return flight home “due to weather” and forced us to scramble for transportation alternatives. The flight was cancelled, not delayed and the weather excuse didn’t seem like the real issue. Spirit waited until the last minute to announce the cancellation. Our family of four had just gone through security gates and had to turn around to wait in line at Spirit’s ticket gate to hear our “alternatives.” Seeing as how no Spirit planes were flying to our destination until Tuesday and it was a Saturday afternoon. We elected to get a refund and thank God there wasn’t any hassle about that. It was too late to arrange flight on other airlines and the Spirit agents didn’t appear to be trained to make those arrangements, leaving us to check for flights on the fly. We decided to rent the biggest, most comfortable vehicle we could find and prepared for the 18 hour drive home. According to the car rental agent, they have “This discount airline” days were they rent out nearly all of their cars because of Sprirtis regular practice of cancelling flights and inconveniencing customers. The agent was surprised that we were a domestic flight and not one returning to one of the islands or overseas. I get car sick and have an unusually small bladder, so staying doped up on motion sickness meds and having to stop for the restroom was a sacrifice our family made to get home on our terms, at least from that point. Thank God we purchased insurance and at least had enough time to stop for dinner and a short overnight stay."
"Verified Review | Even as seasoned traveler, this has been the worst travel experience of my life. It started with the hidden fees being an unpleasant surprise. After booking through a travel website I discovered the seating/baggage/etc. fees. I contacted customer service since I was unaware and it actually would have been cheaper to fly another airline once you take into account their fees. Once at the airport, my flight was delayed. Okay, weather and stuff happens. The problem I have is that they were notifying by email only and no one was available at the gate to answer questions. I felt they could have taken better care of people despite having an uncontrollable delay. The fees started they were in place to save time during boarding but they actually did quite the opposite due to the number of individuals that had to be stopped and the time it took for them to complain. The way home was a new adventure. We were delayed once and the gate agent announced upon the second delay that they could not find our pilots? At that point, I was done. I booked another flight for the following morning on another airline. But it wasn't over yet - they totally lost my bag. Spirit will never get my business again and the site I booked the tickets through should probably stop doing business with them as well. The whole experience was an absolute trainwreck."
"Verified Review | I was at the gate two hours early for my flight from Denver to Las Vegas. The flight was delayed. Finally, we began boarding, and my travel companion didn't have her boarding ticket so we went 20 ft to see if it was in her chair. Meanwhile, the group we were traveling with were waiting for us right after the boarding area to get on the plane. At that time we were at the front desk to print a new boarding pass which was less than 1 minute total. The front desk shut the door, told us he could print a new boarding pass but it wouldn't be until 6pm on the next flight, and there would be a fee. I am a very frequent flyer and have never had the door shut while in line. It turned out that there was only 1 seat available to go to Las Vegas that night. The only other available seat was for the next day at 11am. I would have missed the wedding we were going to. I had bought these tickets January 12th, 2016 and the trip was April 13th, 2016. This was my first experience with Spirit and this is why I will never fly (or attempt to fly) Spirit ever again."
"Flew Detroit to Orlando with Spirit Airlines. Found it extremely expensive as you had to pay for all your luggage including your carry on. Seats too close together, I am 5' 2\" the seat in front of me was 2\" off my knees. Would never ever fly Spirit again. The seats were extremely uncomfortable, in fact the seat I was sat in was all bent and twisted."
"This was our first time flying with Spirit Airlines from Myrtle Beach, SC to Chicago, IL. We will never fly again with them. We needed an emergency flight to go home for a funeral and Spirit was the only flight left. We see why now. We arrived at the airport early to park the car, go through security without being rushed. We ended up getting something to eat with 2 hours left before the plane boarded. We get an email shortly before departure saying it is delayed. This ended up being 2 hours delayed flying in to O'Hare. The plane itself was big but they are more concerned about how many seats they can fit, than your comfort. The seats do not recline, you are literally hip to hip with the person next to you. Drinks you have to pay for, nuts, water, soda. Everything on top of having to pay for your own carry-on which is $55. So the flight is cheaper but after everything you go through it comes out to the exact price of a better airline. This was our first time and our last."
"Verified Review | Traveling Spirit Airlines to Las Vegas was not bad. But today we were supposed to fly out at 8 back to New Orleans. We get to check in and we were told the flight was delayed. Then less than 5 minutes we were told our flight was cancelled. So we had to move to another line. Come to find out other passengers were going to Boston, Chicago were also canceled. We get to counter and they tell us lightning hit the plane. Ok, well how does that effect the other 2 planes? Well anyway they only offered refund or flight for next day. We opted for flight next day because with 3 people we couldn't afford another flight. Now I'm here with a 8 year old at a shady hotel. Nothing available due to the fight and GNR concert this weekend. Oh, all other flights were heading out."
"Verified Review | Spirit Airlines canceled the Las Vegas to San Diego flight 1 hour before flight time. They claimed it was due to weather. However It was not windy, not raining, and there were few clouds. All other airlines delayed their flights but did not cancel them. Spirit Air offered only to rebook next day or refund the ticket. With a husband terminally ill in a hospital in San Diego I had no other choice but to go to Soutwest buy a very expensive last minute ticket and fly home. When I got to Southwest Airlines they explained that the reason for the delays was the Vice President had flown over our air space and the area had to be temporarily cleared for security. Once his flight had moved on all carriers were repositioned to fly. This is clearly not a weather issue and Spirit airlines should pay the ticket prices for their customers who had to go to other carriers."
"I am very disappointed with Spirit Airlines. I have read many people have struggled with the same problem as I experienced just today. My family and I were trying to fly home to Chicago from San Diego. We flew Frontier on the way here, but booked tickets with Spirit on the way back. When we got to the ticket counter, we were told our flight had just been canceled, yet no other flights to Chicago were canceled. We were offered a refund or to fly out 2 days later! We should have taken the refund and booked a flight with Delta and paid the upcharge. Instead, we rented a car again and got a cheap hotel, praying they don't come up with some excuse in 2 days to not fly us home. Lesson learned, will never fly with Spirit again. They were not willing to help with lodging or anything, even after calling customer service, which is a joke. I've had problems with them before, this was the last straw."
"Against better judgment, my wife and I booked round trip flights for our vacation to Tampa, Florida with Spirit Airlines. As we were waiting at our gate in Detroit, an announcement was made advising that the flight at an adjacent gate to Orlando was delayed due to a storm front going through Florida. I thought it was odd that our flight to Tampa was not affected. Approximately 45 minutes before our departure, we were advised that our flight was now delayed. 15 minutes later, the gate agent announced, \"I have some bad news, this flight has been cancelled by air traffic control in Tampa. Please proceed to the Spirit office in the baggage claim area to rebook and claim your luggage.\" First, I question the basis for the cancellation as other flights to Tampa were not cancelled and the flight to Orlando eventually left. Secondly, since this was the Saturday of \"spring break\" for many schools in Michigan, rebooking options were limited. I was advised the earliest I could get to Tampa was Sunday evening. I ended up getting a refund and booking on Delta at an increased price. Spirit is well known for cancelling flights, book with it at your own risk. I will never fly with this airline. Spend a few extra dollars and fly with a quality airline, it will be well worth it. I learned this lesson the hard way."
"Verified Review | I booked a round-trip flight from Latrobe - a small airport 50 mi. east of Pittsburgh PA to Orlando. The initial departure from LBE to MCO on 3-31 was delayed 2 hours, not a problem. I arrived in Orlando at 9.30 pm on Thursday night. My return flight was a different matter. On 4-2, flight #878, MCO to LBE was originally delayed 45 mins - to 1 hour due to inclement weather. After I arrived at MCO and checked in at the service desk, the Spirit agents asked all passengers for LBE to meet at one end of the counter. We were informed that the flight was cancelled and that the next available flight to LBE would not be for 2 days. Spirit only offered only 2 choices. 1) Receive a refund for only the return flight - $109 or 2) Wait for 2 days. Spirit offered no help with trying to help board another carrier, finding or help reimbursing a hotel, or help with obtaining a rental car. After no luck with Hertz on a one-way rental to LBE, AVIS rented me a one way to PIttsburgh. After 16 hrs and 1026 miles later I arrived in Pittsburgh. I then had to take the Avis rental to PIT then had to get a ride to LBE 50 mile east of PIT to get my truck. Spirit seemed not to care at all that their passengers would be stranded for 2 days and basically left to their own devices. I would never fly this airline again. It's not worth saving a fews bucks to risk being stranded."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Fort Lauderdale. Worst customer service. Cancelled my flight 7 hours prior to departure and this happened late at night so I didn't find out until I went to check in online on my way to airport. They couldnt get me another flight until 3 days later so I had to pay $300 for a new flight home. They told me they gave me a voucher valid for a round trip for inconvenience when I went to use it it was only worth $50. Spent 2 weeks calling them about this and every time it was a different story. All the representatives are like robots. Like they have had the most impersonal customer service training ever. \"Thank you for patiently waiting, please hold another minute or two while we look up your information\". Sometimes it's just not worth saving the money."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Baltimore via Chicago. This was the worst flight experience I ever had. Our flight leg from Chicago to Baltimore was cancelled due to \"Air Traffic Control\". I am not sure I believe it or not. The staff at the counter could not have been less helpful. I was told the Chicago to Baltimore flights were booked through April and there was no way to reroute us. They said the airplane that was supposed to go from Boston to Chicago and been cancelled and they were not responsible, but they'll give me a refund for the Chicago - Baltimore leg. The manager was too busy to come and see me, but he eventually did. He reiterated that where was nothing the airline could do for me. Nothing. I ended up having to spend $1,190 for my family and I to fly home on AA. Also we had to drive and go pick up our luggage from the airport instead of them bringing it to my house. Spirit's customer service was the worst I have ever experienced and I will never fly them again. I don't care how inexpensive they are. They said they have no relationship with other airlines so they could not even book us with an alternative. It is not worth taking the risk with Spirit and I am finished with them."
"This is a horrible airline and there is no way I would recommend it to anybody I actually liked. My friends and I decided on this airline to fly Seattle to Los Angeles because of the price and I guess you get what you pay for because we never even got to get on the plane. After waiting for two hours in the tsa line, my friends and I arrived at the gate. There was no one at the desk, no plane and yet the arrival board said our flight was on time. Ten minutes before our flight was scheduled to board we received an email that said our flight was cancelled. We had to go back out through security to the main desk where a large group of confused passengers were trying to find out what was going on. There was about five attendants behind the desk and none of them had a clue. They said the system was down and they were going to try and book us all flights on other planes because apparently the one plane Spirit owned in Seattle was having maintenance issues (mind you I had to ask three different attendants before anybody told me this). Another couple of hours and they finally started calling names. Only one person in our party of four got a re-booked flight (we had all purchased our tickets together) and it left Seattle at 7 pm that night, had a six hour lay over in Oakland and then arrived in LAX at 7 am the next day - we would have missed our reservation and only one of us would have arrived. Our party ended up driving down to Portland where we got a flight by 4 pm on Alaska to LAX. We all were told that we would receive a refund from Spirit within 5 days - still waiting on my money to be returned to me and fully expecting to have to make several angry calls in order to get it back."
"Waited at the gate in Cleveland for 2 hours yesterday with a sign reading \"On Time\". Received an email stating the flight was cancelled, the sign never changed. The gate agent told us, go get your bags and proceed to the ticket counter for a refund. We got nothing for you. We don't live in the departure city so we had to get a hotel stay to fly out the next day. Lost our reservation for the destination city (1 night). Arrive at the airport again the next day and waited at the Spirit ticket counter for 20 minutes before anyone came out to help us. Spirit employees came out with coffee, laughing, talking, drinking coffee, and talking on cell phones. Took an additional 5 minutes for them to start helping anyone. Worst customer service ever."
"Spirit Airlines flight canceled for a 5pm departure from Tampa to Cleveland, the next available flight is 4 days off. The staff was unhelpful and quite unreasonable. This was our first and our last encounter with this pathetic excuse for an airline. Goodbye Spirit Airlines you don't deserve to be in business."
"Ft Lauderdale to Baltimore with Spirit Airlines. I bought two seats next to each other for myself and my daughter and when we boarded we were told that we had to sit in alternate seats because another mother and a younger daughter wanted to sit next to each other. The flight attendant told me that there were two other seats available. Both were middle seats and in different rows and one was next to a mother with an infant on her lap. The flight attendant made it seem like I was the problem. I argued that I bought those two seats so that my daughter and I could sit together. I didn't want to make a huge scene on a packed flight so I let it go and I could tell it wasn't going to make a difference anyway. So to me buying seats is a scam. What's the point?"
"Verified Review | I've flown 42 round trips from Chicago to Houston on Spirit this year. I can't explain it but this miserable airline just keeps getting worse! Last week after 3.5 hours of waiting in the terminal I was offered a chance to reschedule. I ran to the counter and secured the only remaining ticket for the following day. That flight was eventually delayed 4 hours. Today, after checking in on-line I see that again this same flight is delayed for 4 hours. I called hoping to reschedule. The reservation agent was totally incompetent (or she simply didn't have a mastery of basic English). It took her nearly 30 minutes to find my reservation, attempt to change the departure to the next day and then she informed me that there was a $220 charge for changing and that the following day's ticket was more expensive so I'd need to pay that difference. Funny, on-line the 1-way ticket costs $180. But here they hold you hostage. If I was to purchase that new ticket and then not board the original flight they would cancel my return reservation (non-refundable naturally) incurring me the cost of purchasing another return ticket. Unbelievable."
"Shockingly awful airline. My Spirit Airlines flight from Atlanta to Tampa was flat out cancelled and all the passengers were left at the Atlanta Airport scrambling to find another way to Tampa. I have never heard of a flight being cancelled. Luckily Delta had a seat and I was able to come up with the big $$$$ to fly out the same day, I'm sure not all those Spirit passengers were able to do that. I cancelled the return trip myself and purchased round trip from Delta, wouldn't take a chance on Spirit ever again. Travel today is stressful enough, add a cancelled flight to the mix and it becomes overwhelming. Lesson learned, never again!!"
"Spirit Airlines has the worst planning and customer support out there. Our flight to Detroit was cancelled due to the pilots being stuck in Dallas. We were waiting at the airport for over 4 hours saying the flight is just delayed and everything would be fine. Nobody was informing us of any updates. They finally cancelled our flight and tell us that the next flight out would be 6 days later. There's no credit there was no apology and the agent just kept reciting that it's not their fault. We waited in line at ticketing for another 2 hours and only two agents helped the entire plane. They kept having to go to the back to talk to the supervisor who is too busy to help the rest of us and kept sitting behind the scenes. Besides the 7 hours wasted the gas spent going to and back from the airport the money spent on food and parking we're all not reimbursed. We have to drive at 3:30am 2 hours to a different Airport with our 9 month old to be able to arrive at our destination 2 days late."
"The worst airline experience I have ever had. Our flight was canceled to go to Puerto Rico on the 24th and Spirit did absolutely nothing to accommodate anyone with alternate routes. We ended up paying $300 more to fly Jetblue and sleeping on the airport floor to fly out the next morning. We kept our flight with Spirit for our return flight on the 27th. Upon arriving at the airport Spirit told me I owed $125 because they over refunded our flight coming in. The supervisor told me she couldn't do anything and that I couldn't board without paying. On top of that the check in bag fees are ridiculously expensive and there isn't any complimentary food or water on the flight. I would not recommend Spirit to anyone and will not ever fly with them again I don't care how cheap they are."
"Verified Review | I flew Spirit Airline on business from Portland to Orlando. My family accompanied me. The flights on these legs were on time and seemed efficient. Things to know about this cheaper airline - No beverages or snacks that you don't pay for, water included. Seats do not recline at all and are extremely uncomfortable. Cabin service is virtually non existent except for trash pick up. All the additional fees - of which there are more than you would ever beleive - add up to more than flying a more reputable airline. Baggage - you will pay for a bag, and dearly. Spirit says about baggage \"why should you have to pay for someone else's baggage in your ticket cost\". Apparently they beleive that no one needs to travel with more than a drivers license and tooth brush and things like clothes and shoes are optional. The return trip was an experience from hell. Our 3/26 flight from Orlando to Dallas was cancelled. The links on the website do no not work so we resorted to the concierge at the hotel attempting to help us. Spirit stated they could get us on a flight 4 days later! Even when we explored driving to different cities to try to get home quicker there was nothing and no offer of help by Spirit. They could have cared less and offered no apology or any assistance for what would have been 4 days of resort fees, rooms, and food. My 76 yr old mom and twin kids were with me and they now are missing school and I am missing work. In the end we opted to rent a car and take an extremely riaky drive 3028 miles across the US because it would get us home faster than Spirit! When I called up Spirit again to see how they would respond to this they seriously could have cared less and only offered a refund of less than 1/2 the cost of our flight. I would not recommend this airline to anyone unless you want to fly with an airline that does not care about their travelers or the inconvenience they impose."
"Spirit Airlines was by far the worst airline I have dealt with. They canceled the flight to my home town and when I asked when they could get me there, they said 4 days later. I am 17 years old and was traveling with an 18 year old and they expected us two girls to find the money to stay in Orlando for another four nights alone. When I spoke to the supervisor she said \"not my problem honey. Your mama shouldn't have sent you here.\" As I was scrambling to try to find a flight home, I asked if she could refund us enough to get home and she gave me a 600$ refund when the tickets to get back to Oregon were 700$ each. Luckily I have family that loaned me the money because I would've been stranded otherwise. I will never ever use them again."
"I flew from Kansas City MCI airport to Las Vegas with my roommate. On the way back we had a stop in Detroit. Our plane was delayed 20 minutes in that airport. The flight to Kansas City was a bit rough. When we landed and proceeded to get our luggage it was not there. The lady in Las Vegas had short checked our bags to Detroit. We filed a claim and it stated we would be receiving a call the next morning. Long story short, they have terrible hours and my roommate received his luggage and I did not. The staff are not very helpful and kept telling me all I can do is wait. It is like they are basically saying \"oh well\". The Detroit baggage staff are no help at all and rush you off the phone. I paid 31 dollars for my bag to be on that plane and I have things that I need. I will continue to file a claim to be reimbursed. The baggage man says Spirit is known for losing luggage. I will never take Spirit airlines again, it's not worth it after all the fees anyway."
"Orlando to Chicago with Spirit Airlines. My sister and I booked our flight weeks in advance only to have them charge us 90 extra dollars for only two small carry-ons, that the site never gave us an option to add on. They kept us on hold for an hour before anyone finally answered, then as soon as we drove 2 hours to get to the airport we find out that Spirit cancelled our flight and the next flight available wasn't until 5pm. It was 11 in the morning. As we were sitting in the airport waiting all day we find out around 2pm that our new flight at 5pm had been delayed till 6:51 pm. Almost 7:00! We were very unsatisfied with our Spirit expirence. Never flying Spirit again."
"My wife and I booked a Spirit Airlines trip from Cleveland to Las Vegas on 3/24/16. The boarding in Cleveland had no issues except 30mins late in takeoff. The issue came about when we neared Atlanta Airport. Apparently, Atlanta Airport advised of weather issues, so the plane began a holding pattern for over an hour. Then, we had to refuel in Myrtle beach. While I understood weather issues and the refueling, the \"night\" had only begun! We finally gained clearance to land in Atlanta over five hours after scheduled time. The captain and stewards provided no help or assistance, except report to the Spirit Airlines terminal. When we arrived at the terminal, the employees advised their next flight to las vegas would be flight would be four to five days. They provided no direction for hotels, transportation, or food. The employees basically had attitude of sorry about your luck. So, long story short, you get what you pay for. Don't be fooled by lower prices. The odds and ends add up and service is poor! 300 abandoned passengers would validate this claim."
"Las Vegas to Houston with Spirit Airlines, and the flight was okay. A very smooth flight, crew was very courteous, helpful and seem to be very knowledgeable. But on arrival in Houston every thing went to hell - we arrive at 5:30 and it did not get our bags until 8:00 - after paying $81.00 for bags to be checked and to wait on arrival that long was just crazy. They change things a lot, cut our trip short but for the most part it was okay. They could do a lot better but you pay for what you get."
"We've flown Spirit Airlines several times over the years, always with minor issues such as delays but never anything that made us think, we won't go back. Well, that's changed! First you just cancel a flight and herd us like cattle to inform us you won't have a flight out for us for a day (a major issue when hundreds of dollars of hotel rooms and a whole day of vacation lost), then you book my husband and myself on an outgoing flight a state away, but don't manage to book my mother. No apologies, the staff was rude at best. After we rented a car and drove to Ohio, we learned the same thing happened to a flight from Cleveland to Ft Myers, flight 967, stranding passengers for the day. Thanks for the vouchers we never received by the way, if you want a rocky start to travel, fly Spirit Airlines. Otherwise save yourself lost money in hotels, rental cars, and time - fly the better airlines. Spirit airlines flight 111 out of Detroit at 6:55 March 15, non existent!"
"First time ever flying with Spirit and the last time. Flight to Fort Myers went fairly well as you get what you pay for- hardly anything. However, I had purchased a new suitcase in Sept and travel through Europe in Oct without a problem. One flight on Spirit and my suitcase was dented and ripped. It looked a mess. No Spirit rep in the baggage claim area so I contacted them by email. Even had date-stamped pictures of the bag. Too bad can only file a claim if done in person in the first 4 hours. Flight home was a nightmare with numerous flight delays and finally it was cancelled. Spirit managed to get us on a flight via Minneapolis. The flight made it to Chicago but we had to sit on the runway over an hour because no gate was open. Knew there was trouble when the crew started giving out free cups of water. Home 6 hours later than expected."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from Chicago, IL to Oakland, CA. I can manage the no frills aspect, but they are never on time and do not appear to care. I have flown them about 5 times and none of the flights have departed less than one hour late. This flight involved 145 people boarding the plane and, 2 minutes after the scheduled departure, announced that they decided to do a routine maintenance check that needs to be done every 3 days. Really, they could not have determined that before boarding everyone? No pre-scheduled maintenance times? They indicated it would take 20-25 minutes. An hour and a half later, with no announcement (and no air conditioning) in the interim, we departed. This airline is about as unprofessional as they get."
"I travel frequently and used Spirit Airlines to fly from Fort Myers to Boston for the first time. Ignore how cheap the flight is. You get what you pay for then you keep paying. You pay extra for bags, carry ons, water, seats and they were short fates. The staff were not very friendly and anytime you have to call its a 45 min on hold time minimum before anyone answers the phone. In summary, pick anyone but Spirit."
"The Ryanair of the United States. I would consider this airline again only if I absolutely needed to save $100 over a more respectable airline ticket and if substantial delays were of no concern. Each flight was delayed, the return flight even cancelled at the last possible moment leaving everyone stranded at the gate for the night at LAX. I was surprised at the discomfort in the cabin. If you are no taller than 5'7\" and must turn over every penny on your trip this is the airline for you."
"Will never fly Spirit Airlines again. Booked this trip as a package flying from Boston to Las Vegas, so not sure what kind of deal I had on the flight. Paid extra on check in for seats and carry on that cost $260.00. Choose $14.00 for extra leg room, which was tight especially on the return flight. I could hardly move my legs. I could hear customers in seats nearby complaining about this airline. The temperature in the cabin was also too warm. I guess that is an up charge also. Never again."
"Baltimore to San Diego via Houston. The worst experience I've had with an airline. I tried checking in on the website and it wouldn't take my card. So I decided to call Spirit and pay over the phone. I soon came to realize that they charge more over the phone and I probably declined to pay more money. I had to go find a computer elsewhere for it to work. The day of my flight when I went to check in my bags the staff was rude and other customers were treated poorly as well. My flight was delayed three hours because ATC had to route my flight to Houston because of storms. I am under 5 feet tall and I felt as though the seats were too small and there wasn't enough room. When I sat down I came to realize that the plane was filthy. My next flight was also delayed and the customer service reps were rude and kept us in the dark. My flight was scheduled to leave at 9 PM but we ended up leaving at close to 1 AM. I might as will also have paid for bigger airline since they nickel and dime you for everything. My total came out to $253. Which I could've paid for another airline and gotten free carry-ons."
"Our flight from Houston IAH to Las Vegas was cancelled. I agree the weather was bad - but the way Spirit handled the situation was absolutely horrendous. To be clear - this was to our first time to fly Spirit Airlines - and we will never use them again. At check in they had 1 person to check in about 70 people. There were 2-3 other people that were in the area, but did not help out until after about 45 minutes - 1 person started helping. Really doesn't sit well when you see the employees talking to other employees while you are standing in line and only 1 out of 4 is actually working. Then, due to the weather, we got delay after delay after delay. Now - the delays came through my phone, but there at the airport - there was nothing. The delay would come through my phone and wouldn't show on the board for almost 45 minutes. And never was there a reason for the delay. Then, the plane showed up, the people on the plane disembark. Several people showed up at the counter, and the delay went from 12:35 to 11:50. At 11:55, the delay went back to 12:10, and after that, then they cancelled the flight due to the pilot/crew timing out. My opinion is that Spirit knew the flight was going to be cancelled because they knew the pilot/crew would time out by the time they got to Houston- so, they could have done it hours before. Again only 2 people to handle a plane full of angry passengers and then, they could only offer to re-book people on Tuesday (6 days later) or refund the monies. The 2 people that were there did Not handle the situation very well either - had bad attitudes. Never once did I hear an apology from them. I ended up calling the 801 number and could not hear the person very well. I had the volume up at the highest - and kept telling the lady to please speak up but she didn't. I had prepaid my parking and my hotel separately - and was not reimbursed for those expenses. I will never use Spirit Airlines again!"
"I have tried Spirit Airlines more than two times and both times have been a nightmare for me and my family. Spirit advertises cheap air fare but them charges ridiculous fees for everything. I would be ok with fees if my flight actually departs at a reasonable delay time. Only three times I flew this airline and all of those the flight was delayed for more than 3 hours. Their customer service is less than mediocre. They withhold delay information and customers are only left wondering whether they will travel or not. Even when they know that the flight will be delayed for several hours, they still require passengers to arrive at least 60 minutes before the original departure time."
"Departed 2 hours late, seats do not recline, prepare to be uncomfortable. No drinks or snacks served without ordering and paying for them. Charges for all bags carry on too. Offer lower cost for bags if paid before check in, but only if done online, if you call they will charge considerably more. After doing the survey post flight they have yet to contact me or make any apology. We paid extra to pick our seats yet on return flight they had given our seats to someone else that did not want to sit in the emergency exit row. I will never fly with this airline again."
"Portland to Las Vegas. Delayed, overcharged for baggage. Difficult to use web site. This is the most dysfunctional airline I've ever flown. Never again. Thought I would save money, no way with all the ups hidden. I haven't even gotten on the plane yet. Delayed 3 times now."
"Worst airline in twenty years of flying. Huge charges for everything including carry on. Terrible staff. Unreachable live customer service on shady automated phone line. Their website is even worse and keeps trying to upsell additional services through obnoxious and constant popups on the checkout screen. Had a flight this morning. They boarded us and then promptly had us exit because of an engine issue (which should have been fixed prior to boarding). An hour later, they cancelled the whole flight. Was not able to obtain alternative flight, was not refunded for entire $152 I paid, and ended up missing an important meeting and losing on $104 in taxi money to and from the airport."
"When we got to the airport we found out our flight was cancelled. It took us two hours to rebook it. They had only one counter opened to Rebook the entire flight. The duration of the flight was 8 hours instead of 4.5 hour not to mention 8 hour wait for connecting flight. Total of 16 hours I could have gone to India in less time than that. Coming back we boarded the plane only to find out there was no pilot. We had to wait for almost two hours in the Plane while the pilot arrived. From Vegas to Detroit plus two hours extra in the plane no one gave any snacks or even offered water . Very poor services. Price was cheap but you sure pay the price."
"I brought a small carry on, didn't understand that it had to be backpack size. So I was charged sixty-five dollars. The women at the gate said she was giving me a break she could have charged me hundred. So instead of my trip costing me $137.00 I paid an additional $65.00. I should have taken Southwest I would have paid the same and had two checked bags free. And my purse would not have been a personal item. Unless you are buying a nine dollar ticket, Spirit Airlines is not worth taking."
"We booked our flights on Spirit Airlines four months in advance and 8 hours before our flight from Houston to Orlando (7am flight), they cancelled. They couldn't get us on a flight until the next day (all other flights for that day were already booked, obviously) and they don't apparently have relationships with other airlines to be able to put us on another flight with another airline. We had a bachelorette party planned, reservations made and they did nothing to help. The options were - get a Spirit Airlines credit and use it later (fat chance I'd ever use that airline again), get our money back (but booking another roundtrip flight on such short notice would have increased the price of the ticket 4 times), or fly out the next day. They were so unapologetic. I will never use Spirit Airlines again."
"Spirit Airlines cancelled our flight from Detroit to Las Vegas 2 hours before the departure time. We had to stand in a line for well over 2 hours. At which time we were informed, they had no available flights. The attendant had us re routed out of Cleveland which is a 2.5 hour drive. Sadly the attendant knew I was driving my own car down. She did not offer to provide transportation. Unfourtantely, the frustration from the cancellation and 2 hour wait along with the anxiety to get to our destination took over. The realization of the situation set in on the drive. Our return flight was at our original airport yet my car was at the other airport. When I phoned Spirit, they wanted me to pay an additional $315 to change flights. Calling back a few hours later, the attendant rerouted us for free, rectifying part of the problem. We arrived 2.5 hours early to be informed that flight was cancelled. They booked us on a later flight. Now we are waiting for 5+ hours in the airport when we could have stayed at hotel. How is it possible to have two flights in 72 hours cancelled. The price was cheap but no worth it at all. Stress, frustration, long, long wait. Not worth the hassle or headache. Will fly Delta next time."
"I flew Spirit Airlines from Minneapolis to Chicago. I felt deceived with regard to the baggage charge and the seat charge. It was very difficult to get online and purchase bags before my flight, $100 at the gate. I tried to print my boarding pass but their site is not easy to navigate. When I had difficulty, I tried to call the \"help\" line which was a joke, just a series of loops, no live person or even live chat option online. I don't mind the cramped seating, or the lack of frills with the airline. I applaud it, but lack of customer service - unacceptable. I don't care if the prices are advertized as cheaper, they get your money in the end with the overcharges for baggage and drinks/snacks. When I got onto my shuttle to the airport from my rental car agency, the driver asked what airlines everyone needed to be dropped off at. When I yelled Spirit, I was met with a series of groans and laughing."
"LaGuardia to Myrtle Beach and my flight was cancelled at 4am after checking in online the night before. Having trouble trying to book a flight with another airline because we were not priority. Trying to make us fly 2 days after our original departure date. Couldn't get a flight until I was transferred to specialist customer services. I do not recommend - save up for another airline."
"Chicago to Tampa with Spirit Airlines. I have used Spirit 3 times and it has always been a nightmare. Granted the flights are reasonable but the little money you do save turns out to be more in the long run. Always delayed and they won't give you the correct information as of why. I have missed connecting flights and been delayed over 6 hours. I read the reviews and thought it can't be all that bad, how I wish I would've listened. Don't do what I did and live to regret it later."
"Spirit Airlines canceled our flight from San Jose (Costa Rica) to Houston just before check in - all Spirit flights were canceled. They wouldn't give us a hotel or anything - the next flight they had left in 2 days at the same time. They gave us different reasons for why the flight was canceled. We all slept in the airport. Airport workers kept waking us up saying we couldn't sleep there. United let us use their phone so we could book a new flight with them. My advise, spend a few bucks more and go United."
"Chicago to Phoenix with Spirit. I have booked with them twice and neither was a pleasant or even acceptable experience. Both times the flights were delayed, not by minutes but hours. The most recent experience the flight was delayed 3 times then canceled with no recourse or help to get me to my destination except to offer me another flight four days later or a refund. This time it was a mechanical failure. With the 4 hour delay they could have brought in another plane, but clearly they either don't have enough equipment or the expertise to handle the job."
"Our Spirit Airlines flight from Atlanta to Baltimore was cancelled due to weather. They offered refunds only and no accommodation or help with other flights. My wallet was stolen during the business trip so I had no \"original credit\" card that they wanted to put the refund on. They had no consideration for me to put the refund on another credit card. They offered to put me on another flight out two days later. The next day I found another flight and could not get them on the phone because you can never talk to a human being. I've emailed them three times for my refund have never heard back from them. Another flight came in trying to get to New York and they hired buses to take them but gave them no instructions, nothing. The passengers didn't know what to do and could get no help. It looks good on paper to save all that money but it's not worth the headache just to save a few dollars"
"This was our first time flying with Spirit Airline and will be our last. We have had nothing but problems with them. They were rude and even yelling at us over the phone! Let alone, our stroller got lost. Before leaving to go home they gave us another stroller and I asked if we have to return it or what do we do with it. They said keep it. Well now that we're home, over a week later we haven't gotten our stroller and called into Spirit Airlines over 7 times and emailed them about 5 times! Now a week and a half later they finally say they are going to ship it but we have to return the other stroller, when they already told us we could keep it for the inconvenience. Let alone, the customer service employees have been rude the entire time! Never flying with Spirit Airlines again."
"Aguadilla to Ft Lauderdale. Our departure was delayed by an hour and a half. It was suppose to leave at 4:15 am and we did not leave until 5:30 am. When we arrived to our connecting flight it had departed. We were offered a refund or to take a bus for 4 hours to Tampa. There only words were \"As long as we get you to your destination, that is all we have to do\". No apologies no assistance to get you on another flight. We had to buy another ticket with JetBlue to get home. Do not waste your money and especially your time to Spirit Airlines"
"I had planned my vacation to Las Vegas for the weekend, leaving Thursday night 2/25 at 10:10pm. I got an email at 5 saying it was delayed an hour. We get there, wait around, get a notification it won't be in until 12:00 now. Then we wait around and another hour passes by and it's not coming in until 1:10AM. Then another hour passes and its 1145 and its been cancelled. Spirit Airlines was so rude about accommodating customers. Worst experience of my life. I never did get to go on my vacation as all the other flights were booked"
"Read Spirit Airlines fine print. Bags are $60. Carry ons are $40. Cancelled a flight due to mechanical problems and moved to the next day compensation was $50 credit to be used on a flight cost only within next 60 days. Could not be used for current or future baggage fees. Questioned the manager at check-in and her response was, \"that's the airlines these days\". I would avoid at all costs. Pay the extra $100 and fly a real airline."
"I always tell myself I will never fly Spirit Airlines again after each flight because there is always some type of issue every single time I fly with them, but after this flight I'm beyond positive that it will not happen again. Our flight from Atlantic City to Ft. Lauderdale was delayed 6 hours, at first due to storms (which I understand) but we were told we would still be flying that night. Then after the storm passed it was then a maintenance issue, we got moved to another gate, then we needed a new crew, waited and waited and at 1am in the morning we were told our flight was cancelled altogether. I wasted my day waiting there, there are no available flights until Saturday where I need to go, I wasn't able to cancel my reservations, so I wound up taking a loss."
"Las Vegas to Chicago return with Spirit Airlines. Return flight cancelled - all other airlines were still flying out of O'hare so not sure why Spirit couldn't. Offered a new flight 3 days later - would not pay for hotel stay, would not work with other carriers for alternatives. Said all flights with other carriers were cancelled, but that was a lie. I booked United (leaving 5 hrs later) as I argued with the Spirit agent at the desk. Agents at the airport as well as over the phone were useless and seemed to care even less. They have zero authority for customer satisfaction efforts. It's just not worth the $50-75 that you may save with Spirit."
"Had never flown Spirit. Purchased ticket through Orbits Ft Meyers Florida to Minneapolis, Minnesota. Spirit was our return flight. Found out when I tried to print boarding pass that there was a charge for carry on luggage. My Orbits confirmation said nothing about that so I went to the ticket desk at the airport. I was informed that yes it was applicable to everyone and if I had done it online it would have been only $25 each but since I did not it was $50 each at the ticket counter. This was the first time I have used this airline and I will say unless something is done about this $100 it will be absolutely the last time. Figured out with the number of people on the plane what was probably a $8000 nice up charge for Spirit. So much for resonable priced flights."
"We've flown with Spirit Airlines before and understood the cramped cabins and extra fees for everything. What we didn't expect was the horrible attitude and non compassionate employees that this company apparently stands for (as well as its cheap prices). I fully understand delayed and cancelled flights, however when the gate passengers are told that the plane you've been waiting to board has landed and will be at the gate as soon as another delayed flight has pulled away, it is reasonable to assume you will eventually be reaching your destination with the carrier for whom you rolled the dice with. Spirit told us a plane would be at the gate and we would be boarding our flight to Ft Myers. They kept the entire gate there for 3 hours past its departure time only to tell us the flight was cancelled when it was nearly too late to book with another airline. I'm convinced they did this to try and force customers to rebook on there next flight to keep your money, even though they don't have enough flights to cover or the flights they offer are horribly out of the way (our flight was to Ft Myers, Fl - on a friday, they offered us a flight to Orlando 2 days later and told us to rent a car). I would've flown with them again had they tried to be accommodating and help find another flight with another airline - but the level of incompetence is shocking."
"I booked a flight with them for my child who was flying as an unaccompanied minor. Despite having a printed boarding pass in her hand, the incompetent counter rep had her wait in their check-in line for over 15 minutes. Due to the unnecessary delay she arrived at the gate 15 minutes prior to departure, but the gate was closed as the flight left 5 minutes early (with no warning). The Spirit Airline staff was unfriendly and unhelpful to a visibly terrified unaccompanied minor that they stranded in the busiest airport in the US. Luckily for my child some caring TSA officers and staff from American Airlines were able to help her. Not surprisingly their customer service was equally uncaring and incompetent when I called to voice my displeasure and request a refund. In short the bargain fares are simply not worth the price. The bottom line is if you care about your kids find another airline."
"Horrible experience flying Spirit from Fort Lauderdale FL to Atlanta, GA. I was booked for 9am departure from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta. I was at the airport at 7.30am with my boarding pass waiting to board and at 9am I was notified that the flight was delayed to 11am and then 12.30pm and at 1pm the flight was cancelled. Spirit staff were not very helpful in providing information to all other angry passengers. I was eventually rescheduled for a 4.15pm flight which got delayed to 5.30. I could write a 10 page of negative feedback about Spirit, but I will simply say \"I will never fly Spirit Airlines again\"."
"My Spirit Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Oakland was delayed 4 hours. Instead of arriving at 9pm, picking up my car rental, and going about my night, we arrived at 1.15am right when the car rental place closed. I was forced to sleep on the cold tile floor of Oakland airport until the car rental place opened. The whole point of flying from Los Angeles to Oakland was to save time and enjoy more of the weekend. I would have been much better off driving. All Spirit did was say \"sorry\" and gave us a $7.00 meal voucher we couldn't even use. I understand things happen and flights get delayed, but it just messed up my trip and I had a terrible experience. At least now I know not to fly Spirit."
"Spirit Airlines Detroit to Atlanta - baggage allowance is low and they dont even consider 1lb extra. Once through security the gate changed and once at the new gate I found a new departing time is 4:13pm (meant to be 2.40pm). Finally boarded at 5pm, but waited for 1hr uncomfortable on the plane. It took off at 6pm. Flight landed at ATL at 7:30 pm but there was no gate. We finally left the plane at 8:15pm and proceeded to claim my baggage which arrived at 8:40pm. I missed my connecting bus despite leaving a gap of 4 hours. I have decided not use Spirit Airlines again."
"Cancun to Detroit with Spirit Airlines. Flight was delayed for an hour and a half. After boarding the plane, an accident caused a dent in the wing so we had to get back off of the plane. A different plane was designated as \"ours\" but we had a problem with getting a new flight crew. No information was given to us as we sat there hour after hour. No food was offered. We didn't know if it was okay to leave the area to even get food! Once on the plane, there was no ice! There was plenty of time to restock the plane. The main flight attendant was absolutely fantastic, but Spirit airlines failed us. The flight to Cancun was fine but with the prices of luggage and the lack of respect for their passengers, I have to rate them low."
"This was my first time booking a flight for my son with Spirit Airlines flying from Aguadilla P.R to Baltimore MD. When my son was checking in the baggage, which I had already prepaid for online, he had to pay an additional $25.00 again due to it being overweight. I was very disappointed. No savings here since only one baggage came up to $50.00, a convenience that nearly no major airlines charge for. Looks like I paid over $160.00 for what originally looked like $106 one way trip flight. In addition the flight from Aguadilla P.R to Fort Lauderdale (FL) was delayed an hour, this cause meant that my son missed the flight from Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore MD (BWI) that was supposed to arrive at Baltimore at 9.32 am. With this miss he had to stay at Fort Lauderdale airport for approx. 8 hours since the next flight for Baltimore was at 3.00 pm with an arrival time of 5.32 pm. This is unacceptable since they booked a flight with a 1-2 hour connection."
"Absolute worst airline I have ever dealt with. They charge for absolutely everything, even to get 3 seats together for people flying with friends or family. Carry on price is ridiculous but made it seem if you paid 9.00 to join their member club your carry on would be cheaper but ends up exactly the same price. Airline rep on the phone could not explain why paying the 9.00 was benificial even though it still cost the same for a carry on. Also, picking seats was shown to be 1.00 to 50.00 but when you try to pick a seat they are 9.00 to 24.00. Where are the 1.00 seats, on the wing? The allowed free carry on would barely hold your toothbrush. Says that one item such as a purse or backpack would be allowed if it was 16x14x12 including handles and wheels, never saw a purse or backpack with handles or wheels. Could have gotten Jet Blue or American without all the extra charges, except for checked baggage, for a few bucks less but but travel agent made a big mistake and booked on Spirit as well as booking into wrong airport, was supposed to be JFK. Not only will we not use Spirit again we will never use that travel agent again. Not a great start for heading to our Mother's funeral. Not expecting in flight to be any better."
"I wanted to share my experience with Spirit Airlines for our flight from Los Angeles to Oakland. In advance of the departure I received an email that the flight was delayed. I appreciated the update which was great so we weren't rushing to the airport. Once we boarded the plane we sat for another hour before everyone was asked to return to the terminal. About 15 minutes later they cancelled the flight. We were told to go to the ticketing counter to get hotel vouchers since it was about 10.15pm. Things happen. No problem. It took at least 2 hours to get up to the counter to receive a hotel voucher only to find that I could not get a room separate from my female co-worker booked by my company on the same confirmation number. They would only issue us a single room. I explained the issue with our spouses and our employers but was told that you only give a single room per conf#. Escalated to a supervisor that supported that policy. We cancelled our return flight and booked our own separate hotel rooms for the night. The customer support team had little interest in assisting with a reasonable request. I would never fly them again."
"I flew from Minneapolis to St Thomas USVI with a layover in Ft Lauderdale round trip this past week. All 4 flights were delayed. When we were going to Ft Lauderdale from Minneapolis, the plane was an hour delayed with no explanation or even notification. Every time we checked online it was the flight was \"on time\". We were supposed to take off around midnight but didn't leave til closer to 1:45 AM. Once we finally got home back to Minneapolis after our plane was delayed over 2 hours in FLL, we didn't get back until around 3am and it took about 20 min for the luggage to finally start coming down. I will never fly this airline again. They advertise cheap prices so you book the flight seeing the initial price. Then you have to pay for everything, from picking your seat to having a carry on item. When its all said and done you might as well fly a bigger airline. Not worth the cheap prices."
"New Orleans to Detroit. My first and last time with Spirit. After boarding and taxiing, all Spirit flights that had not taken off were grounded due to the tracking system being down. They allowed us to deplane and a few passengers that were complaining about how awful Spirit is were not allowed back on the flight due to a power struck male steward. About 9 people were lumped into him calling the gate and telling them that a \"group of girls\" no description or even informing those passengers that they were allowed back on. That 1130 flight finally took off around 3.30pm after boarding and deplaning a second time. The \"group of girls\" he reported included someone I was traveling with so I had no choice but to stay off their flight also. My traveling companion had a witness that said she was not any threat and simply stated that \"Spirit does suck\" and no one would listen or assist. So we took a wonderful Delta flight home!"
"I didn't end up flying with Spirit Airlines. I arrived early for my flight and was told extremely abruptly (as though it was my fault) that the flight had been cancelled. No reason given. I was treated as a nuisance for asking what my options were from there. Refund or rebook. I rebooked, only to find that the original flight was later running as scheduled and had lost my seat. Do not fly this airline unless you are desperate - client service is clearly not their strong suit."
"We flew Spirit Airlines in February 2015 but it in my case this is important. Besides being charged for everything possible, including \"unexpected costs of federal regulations\", a seat cost (they don't allow standing, so yes you have to have a seat), fuel charge, well lets summarize, exactly what are the airfares for? My complaint is with the $9 Fare Club. At the time of purchase it was completed by speaking with a representative via phone as the internet failed. Never was I advised of an annual renewal fee and which was automatically added to my credit card, and when converted to Canadian was $99.00, exactly one year after we flew. When we called to enquire about the charge I found there is no direct means to call a company representative. I ended up using the reservation line and based on my responses to the automated teller I eventually ended up with a real person who agreed that there was no telephone direct line to call otherwise. So poor customer contact service and poor notification of (from my circumstance) annual fee, or if you would, another hidden fee to the tune of $99."
"Spirit Airlines is an awful airline to fly. First our Denver to Detroit flight was delayed and then cancelled. The customer service could not tell us why. Also, they would not schedule on the next flight available or pay for us to be on another airline. Instead, we waited another day to try and make the next late night flight. They do nothing to try and help their customers out."
"I have not even flown with Spirit yet and they are already the worst airline for customer service. I'm trying to do online check-in. This can only be processed in the last 24 hours before the flight (why not 36 or 48 hours before?). Their website is down meaning that I cannot complete online check-in for myself or for my bags, nor print out boarding passes. So, I call them on the phone. First their computer sends me through a maze of options none of which really apply. When I finally find something that is close, they say it will be a 15 minute wait. 15 minutes ends up being 20. Then, when a real person actually answers my call she says that she cannot hear me (of course, I'm waiting on speaker and doing other things while waiting so it takes me a few seconds to pick-up the phone) and she hangs up on me telling me \"for better service\" to call back the very same number that I had been waiting for on hold. And then they have the gall to want to charge me because I don't have my boarding passes already printed."
"I will never trust Spirit Airlines again. I booked roundtrip from West Palm Beach to Boston. The flight up to Boston was good with a nice flight crew and captain. The plane was clean and so were the bathrooms contrary to many reviews I had read. The problem I had was when Spirit had to cancel my return flight due to weather with no options to return home for 5 days. I actually had to purchase a one way ticket home with another airline. My \"great deal on Spirit\" ended up costing me more than booking with another reliable carrier. Frustrated and angry are just a few of my emotions. My advice: book with an airline with many flight choices, if they cancel they will do their best to get you out as soon as possible."
"San Francisco to Cancun, and Spirit Airlines website charge for everything - it is ridiculous that even for carry on you will have to pay $40, additional charges for picking the seats. Flying with my family and have to pay additional $6 per seat to pick to fly together, pay additional to get in the plane, so you can take a chance to have space for the carry on you pay $40 to take it. No happy with all the hidden charges. This will be my first and last time flying with Spirit."
"Don't fly Spirit Airlines. Booked a flight from Atlanta to Las Vegas, had a slight delay at Spirit counter getting bags checked. Then had a 30 minute delay getting through security. Got to the gate 17 minutes prior to departure. However, they would not let us board and said we were too late. Rude heartless employees. This is my first and last time for Spirit Airlines."
"Have you ever called Spirit Airlines to get in touch with a customer service rep? One time I call to pay for a bag on the phone and could not get a customer service rep for over 45 minutes and I hang up. One time I was told to go on their website to pay for a bag in advance - but their website is terrible. There is no option on the site to pay for baggage when you put in your last name and reservation number. No other option available on the site to do online baggage payment."
"Boston to Las Vegas return with Spirit Airlines. Free flights forever would not persuade me to ever fly this airline again. Seats were made for the size of first graders with hardly a tray, virtually no leg room, and feeling crammed like sardines for this total flying disaster. And we have all flown frequently. Four of us had the most miserable flying experience ever. Worse, there was no TV, no movie options, and no audio options provided. We were nickeled and dimed for window seat charges explained that we could sleep more comfortably (which was impossible), and an overhead bag charge. Service was marginal at best. We flew mid-January and I am finally getting this atrocious flying experience out of my head."
"Boston to Las Vegas was our first time flying with Spirit Airlines and never again! Not only were the bag charges and process completely ridiculous ($40 online, only if you check bag online 24-48 hrs in advance, $50 if you do it at airport counter, and $100 if you do it at gate) - and $55 for a carry on. All food is charged, seats are terrible and do not recline. We found out an hour before departure that our flight home was cancelled. The two options offered by Spirit were neither accommodating nor remedial. After paying for hotel, missing work, arranging different transport home from airport we will never make the mistake of choosing Spirit Airlines again."
"Extremely horrible experience from Dallas to Tampa with Spirit. This is by far the worst airline I have ever flown. Don't be fooled by the cheap fares they are not cheap. By the time you pay for bags and put up with the hassle, you will have paid more in money, time, and patience. Just like others I have the same complaints that the attendant was very rude at Tampa Airport. Then they played the card of $50 for your carry on bag or you can't board the plane, so I had no choice to pay the $50 for my very small bag - smaller than their standard size. So all in all even if they say they are cheap, it'll cost you more time and money and it's not worth the headache."
"I had a connecting flight at Fort Lauderdale on a Cancun to Detroit trip on Wednesday, Feb. 3 at 8.05 pm. When I booked the flight, Spirit staff said that the 1 hour expected layover would be plenty of time to deplane, get my bags, go through security, and get to my gate. We arrived at FLL early, at 6.48pm. Security was a nightmare - not enough staff, poor equipment, etc. so we were delayed getting to the gate and arrived at 7.55pm for the 8.05pm flight. To our dismay, I was told that our names were announced (useless to us, as we were trying to clear security and you could not understand the announcements, anyway), and the door was closed and would not be re-opened, although the plane was still at the gate. I was told I would be re-booked, but there were no flights out until the next day at 7.30am (this flight ended up being delayed as well). I had paid for a hotel room at my original destination location, and lost that expense. I also incurred a hotel cost near FLL as well as dinner and breakfast costs. When I asked Spirit for some accommodation, I was told it was TSA’s fault, not theirs. When I suggested that the 1 hour expected layover was actually only 45 minutes as the gate closed early, I was told that was my fault for not getting to the gate on time when my name was announced. This is an absurd explanation. I have had trouble with Spirit in the past, but this is the last straw. My wife and I will never use Spirit Airlines again. Instead of using valuable time selling their pitiful product on board, they should use these resources to ensure people are able to make their flights. Their motto, “More for Less”, only meant more expense for me, less service received."
"Canceled flight an hour after departure time. Stranded us. Gave our money back but wanted over double to catch the next flight from Cleveland, OH to Orlando, FL. Ruined our vacation with no regret. Spirit Airlines cost us time and hundreds of extra dollars and still had to fly with a different airlines. Do yourself a favor and and check elsewhere."
"We arrived at the airport 2.5 hours early and our flight from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale was on time at that point. An hour later we were now departing 90 minutes late. Around the time we were to board, the flight was cancelled. There was no one at the gateway desk to make an announcement or offer assistance. We found out by looking at the airport boards. We left the gate area and went into the terminal to find out what was going on. We were told there was a problem with the crew and the flight was cancelled. There were two options available and no other assistance whatsoever. The Spirit rep said stand in this line if you want a refund and in this line if you want to take a flight out two days or later from now. What customer service. What happened to the days where the carriers would help secure you on a flight with another carrier."
"Our first flight with Spirit never happened. Was heading to Las Vegas for a trade show and vacation, booked trip 2 months in advance. Chose Spirit for low cost. Big mistake. Snow storm due to start at noon, our flight scheduled for 2:33pm departure, canceled at 7:30am, rescheduled for 10:09pm. That flight canceled at 4:30pm. Spirit then said the next available is later Wednesday night and we will arrive Thursday. Our return trip is Friday morning. Canceled entire trip at that point as it does no good to arrive when you are leaving. I will miss my trade show that is non-refundable and missed out family trip and time off. I have a friend going to the same trade show flying Delta. His flight was delayed but did get there. Delta also had many backup flights. What airline does not add flights to get the passengers out to their destinations? They did refund my prepaid cost but left me sitting. I am very upset with Spirit, I am embarrassed by using them for low cost when I could have flew another airline and save the trip. I believe Spirit is incompetent and I will never use their services again, never. You get what you pay for."
"The Spirit Airlines flight from St. Thomas to Ft. Lauderdale was delayed by 4 hours due to airline communications failure. The St. Thomas desk crew tried their best, but clearly had no training in this sort of thing - they were in complete disarray. Because our connecting flights would be missed, they promised us food and hotel vouchers for Ft. Lauderdale - then these never materialized. Then they promised we could pick them up right when we got off the plane in Ft. Lauderdale. When we arrived, staff just shrugged and told us to go to the ticket counter and see what we could get. There we were told to wait in a line that took over an hour to get through, we rebelled and insisted on getting the vouchers immediately. It still took half an hour, we finally got them at midnight. The folks who waited in line never did get hotel vouchers - the airline had 'run out of them' - meaning they had run out of vouchers at the preferential rate they'd negotiated, and were unwilling to pay extra for these beleagured passengers. So those passengers stayed in the airport all night, furious over empty promises and terrible customer service."
"Spirit Airlines ticket fare was less than $67.00 cheaper than their competitors, but they made it up by charging $110.00 for one bag and my carry-on! Carry on $55.00 really? Their seats were more cramped than usual and they don't recline. The padding in the back of my seat was so thin and useless, I could feel the edge of the tray table from passenger traveling behind me. Spirit advertised this flight as leaving Phoenix to Ft Lauderdale in Florida and then onto San Jose, only they stopped at Texas first without advertising it - they also cancelled their plane for Texas to Phoenix on the return flight, so we had to stay a night in Texas. Avoid this airline like the plague. Pay the extra for American or United. It's totally worth it."
"Flying from Denver to Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines and my plane was diverted due to fog and had to land in Tampa. Waited on the Tarmac for 4 hours before they let us get off the plane. We were stranded in Tampa with no plane to get to Ft Lauderdale even after the weather cleared. We missed our cruise that left the port at Ft Lauderdale later that day, and we received nothing from Spirit in return. Their flights are cheap but if you factor in the baggage, the leg room other airlines have, and the complementary drinks/snacks it's well worth it to pay 10$ more to fly with another airline. When problems like this occur those other airlines will reimburse you. Spirit doesn't even have a customer service number you can call to speak with a human being. I lost over $2,000 on that trip because they didn't have a plan B in case of an emergency like such. I would encourage you to choose a different airline."
"Don't be fooled by the \"low prices\" with Spirit Airlines. We flew from San José to Orlando via Fort Lauderdale They make you pay for everything, and I mean everything. Customer service is non existent, ground personnel with very bad tempers and manners. First flight was delayed 1.5 hours. The returning flight was delayed 1 hour, then another hour, finally we board the plane, after 15 minutes they told us that due to technical problems we have to change planes, and go to gate XYZ. We got to the gate, there was no plane, no explanation. After some time, they told us we had to wait for the plane and then we would depart. Total delay of more than 4 hours, no explanations, no apologies. I will not recommend this airline."
"Ft Lauderdale to Atlanta. Staff was unprofessional and seemed to be bothered by anyone asking questions. We flew to Ft. lauderdale for a cruise, of course the flight took off late. They said they were waiting for the crew to arrive. After a 7 day cruise we got to the airport already having to way 8 hours because we couldn't get an earlier flight, then got an email saying our flight was delayed 2 hours. While sitting at the gate it was delayed another hour. Went from 9pm to 12:50am. The current flight that was going to Chicago had gotten overbooked so they were asking for people to volunteer to stay in a hotel and leave out the next day. Then once we were on the plane, there was confusion with people's tickets and again, the boarding was delayed for \"waiting on the crew to arrive\". Because they were so late, they boarded everyone at the same time rather than going in Zones which made everything just more chaotic. We got to Atlanta so late, the shuttles weren't running and we had to take a bus to baggage claim, and the had put my boyfriend's luggage on the wrong flight so we had to take another hour to locate where it was and had to call an Uber to get to the parking garage because the shuttles weren't running. Finally was done with Spirit airlines about 4:30am. Worst traveling experience ever."
"Every time I flew Spirit was a bad experience. The first time I got to the airport in New York they told me the airplane has already left when there was still half an hour till the departure. The next plane was supposed to be the next evening, so I had nowhere to go, so they just told me to book a room at any hotel and didn't offer to pay for it. It was a horrible experience, I only got to the hotel about 6 hours after that, late at night. The second (and the last time) I flew Spirit the flight was cancelled! As they told me, it was due to the weather in the city of my destination (as I later found out, the weather was just fine). What I had to do was rent a car with a stranger I met in the airport who also needed to get there. We drove the whole night and my money for the ticket was never returned to me. So, my conclusion is that this company fools its customers. Don't be deceived by the low prices, because you will still have to pay for your luggage. I'd rather pay more than use this company ever again."
"I couldnt believe how incredibly rude Spirit Airlines employees were. My flight was at 4:50pm going from Atlanta to Detroit, I had my 2 year old daughter and 6 month old son with me. My flight was delayed 3 different times. Finally at about 9 pm they got us all on the plane. After about a half hour of sitting, people started receiving emails saying the flight was delayed until 2 am and the flight attendants didn't say anything about anything being wrong until this point. Finally they get on the intercom and tell us they have no idea what's going on and they'll let us know when they know. After an hour and a half of sitting in our seats they told everyone we could get off the plane because it was delayed until two am and we could either get a refund or stay and wait. Obviously it had already been a long day with a newborn and toddler at the airport with constant delays. I went down to the ticket area and asked if I could check 2 bags instead of getting a refund to make my trip with the kids and carry on bags a little easier. The rude young lady said no they wouldn't and it would be 50 dollars a piece if I wanted to do it. My wife and I decided that instead of getting a refund we would wait it out and let the kids sleep a few hours. 2 am came around and they got on the intercom and said our flight was cancelled because our plane was stuck and they couldn't get the equipment to move it. After completely ruining everyone's day they told us that if we were on a connecting flight, they would pay for a hotel and either book us a later flight or refund us our money. I hauled my whole family down to the ticket hall to book my hotel and get my refund and then I realized that everyone who was flying to Detroit was in line and there were only two people working. Apparently all of the hotels they booked with were full but if we could find one, they would reimburse us. You would think they would've announced it to us but no, they told each one of us individually as we walked up to handle our business. I guess telling people they can't give them a hotel and giving a refund is a big job because each person took an average of 8 to 10 minutes to deal with. Now it's about 3.45 in the morning and I'm giving up, for my family's sake, I'm going to get a hotel. I let the \"lady\" at the spirit ticket hall know that I had 2 kids and a wife that were tired and that I just didn't have the strength to carry anything anymore. I explained to her that my wife's phone was at 3 percent and mine was dead, we weren't from the Atlanta area and we had nowhere to go. She could not have cared less, she basically told me to Google a taxi and a hotel which I had already done of course, that's why I was over there asking for help. So I ask some random person in the airport with a smart phone for a little help and they were nice enough to call like three hotels and was told they were full and each one checked to see if any other hotels had a room, every hotel was full. I realized my family and I were stranded at the airport. Earlier in the day I checked with Delta and was told they had a flight leaving to Detroit at 725am so I booked it. They checked two of my bags for free, I waited about 3 hours and I finally made it to Detroit without a hitch. Spirit has the worst service I've ever seen and they don't care about your problems."
"This is the second time I took this Spirit Airlines flight to go from San Jose to Orlando via Fort Lauderdale, and the second time I lost my connection on FLL to MCO. So this is not an exception but the norm. This time, Spirit offers me only 2 options, stay the whole night on FLL or refund, not hotel was offered on FLL, so I have to expend more money than expected. Returning back, again, connection was lost and not help was given. Our baggage was lost and nobody on the airline since to know what was going on with our baggage. Finally we need to drove to FLL to pick up them. Definitely, we felt frustrated and Spirit did not care about us. The refund happened like a week after, fortunately we were able to afford to rent a car and drive, if not we would have to spend more than a day on the airport. This is the last time I buy a ticket to Spirit, it is by far the worst airline that I have used."
"Our Spirit Airlines flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Port au Prince, Haiti for a mission trip was without incident although we noticed the seats were more cramped than expected, even for economy class. When we arrived at the Port au Prince airport to return to Ft. Lauderdale, we noticed a lot of shouting and upset people in line. We soon learned that Spirit had canceled our return flight without notification. Police had to be called in to quell the disturbance at the front of the line. The reason given for cancellation was \"weather\", but all other airlines were flying to Ft. Lauderdale and Miami just fine. Spirit did return about half of our round-trip ticket prices, but would not help us find a return flight or pay any of our costs for staying another night. They told us the next flight available on Spirit would be at least one week in the future! We found one-way flights the next day on another airline for $500 each. All totaled, the additional costs to get home was about $700 per person including hotel expense and changed airfare (e.g. missed connecting flights). I wouldn't recommend ever flying on Spirit Airlines. They are known to cancel flights at the last minute, and they will not help you when they cancel. This was my first and last experience with Spirit Airlines."
"Oakland to Detroit with Spirit Airlines, and don't be fooled. I thought I was getting a cheap flight, but when I just checked in I had to pay $16 for a standard seat and $45 for a carry-on bag! Never again. I paid more than I would have on an equivalent flight on Southwest, which is all inclusive and they don't charge you change fees!"
"Dallas Fort Worth to La Guardia, and Spirit Airlines didn't let us know that the flight was cancelled until we arrived at the airport. They didn't want to help to find another flight but just said to come back next day for a flight. Too much tax charge on baggage. The worst airline experience ever. I will never recommend this airline to anyone."
"This would have been our first time traveling on Spirit Airlines, from Kansas City to Las Vegas. Needless to say, it was as unpleasant as could be. We booked this through Travelocity (which they were wonderful to work with) to attend my brothers wedding in Vegas, We were to fly out on a Friday and return on the following Monday. We got checked in, got through security, and sat and waited. Not too long before they were to start boarding, a TSA agent informed everyone that the flight was cancelled. Reason that was given was the pilot had timed out. As we understand about the flight rules, that would have not been a problem, but they were not very helpful in the fact that 150-180 people were left sitting in an airport with one agent giving refunds. Sure, it was offered to possibly book on the next available flight in the morning, but no guarantees that you would get on that flight either. We got on a bus when leaving the airport to take us to our car, and even the driver said that Spirit does this a lot! Needless to say, we ended up going on a different carrier and had a way more enjoyable flight. They spout that they are cheap - once you pay for baggage, seats (if you are flying in a group and want to stay together), food if you want it, and whatever else they want to charge, it is not any cheaper than other airlines that are more established and have better service. I will not make the same mistake twice - so good luck Spirit, I think you will need it."
"We were flying back home on January 16, 2016 from Fort Lauderdale to Detroit after a week long vacation. It was a foggy morning and I understand the initial 2 hour delay, but then told another 2 hours delay, and then another 1 hour delay and then finally after 5 hours it gets cancelled! Meanwhile it's sunny and not a cloud in the sky. Only options given were a refund or rebook on next available which was 24 hrs from initial flight. We took the next available. Overhead announcements you could hear so many other Spirit flights being cancelled as well! By this time all reasonably priced hotels were booked and only ones that were $150+ were left. Not willing to spend more money on accommodations and taxis we chose to sleep at the airport. So 29 hrs later we finally boarded. What an ordeal! But never again would I choose Spirit again or recommend them to anybody."
"I'm writing this from a cafe in Miami, where I am currently stranded because of Spirit. My flight was at 11am this morning and about two hours before we were supposed to leave, we got a very casual email that said the flight was cancelled due to weather and that we had to reschedule our flight home online. We immediately figured that was untrue, considering the fact that it's clear and sunny here in Miami, and equally calm in New York. Not to mention that all other flights to New York were still leaving from the same airport. But since Spirit said it was a weather thing, and not a mechanical issue, that meant they technically did not owe us anything. And that's basically what they repeated to us without apologies while we were on the phone with them for what seemed like decades. They offered to put us on a flight that literally had a 12-hour layover, and refused to cover the cost of another flight we booked out of Miami."
"I was looking at prices for flights, and Spirit Airlines was the cheapest. Going against my fathers advice, I decided to choose them. Boston to Fort Lauderdale, and after boarding we sat for 4 hours, to be told to get off and an hour later, reboard (with no boarding passes since they collected them, meaning we had to sit in line and have them reprinted). They then said we had to get off again. I am not usually comfortable on a plane as a starting point and knowing that I had to get back on this plane rather than get us a new plane was very uneasing. The flight attendants were nice and did a great job, but the plane was uncomfortable, crowded and has minimal leg room. Well I'm now sitting in Palm Beach airport trying to get back to Boston, and they have delayed our flight now four times. They keep telling us the plane is on the way. Will never fly with them again and it's clear why their reviews are so poor."
"Phoenix to Medellin via Ft Lauderdale, and now in Ft Lauderdale. Spirit Airlines just stranded me here and cancelled my connecting flight to Medellin - they won't pay my hotel and i may not get to fly till Tuesday. Hotels are full exept for the $150+ 5 star. They claim weather with a straight face while its clear blue sky, not a cloud no wind."
"Didn't actually get to fly because the Boston to Fort Myers flight was delayed, and delayed and delayed. Don't actually know if it ever took off because I went home. A wasted day at the airport and a delayed vacation. Not good. I will not book with Spirit Airlines ever again. Only one girl to refund a long line of upset customers. Then waited and waited for luggage. Don't do it. Price might seem low until you don't even get to fly."
"Cancelled Spirit Airlines flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Latrobe citing poor weather conditions - which was not true. Because of ther limited service they were unable to provide another flight home for at least 3 days! Don't fall for the low cost flights. In the end you will pay more by scrambing for another flight with a more reputable airline."
"Spirit Airlines is the worst airline you will encounter. Flight to Tampa was cancelled at 09:30, even though the flight didn't leave til 2:35 pm. They said the weather caused the cancellation, however it was clear in Tampa and Houston. We we asked where the weather was, they couldn't tell us. Also, we had several other people flying into Tampa on other airlines at the same time, everyone else made it. They said they couldn't get us to Tampa til the next day, so we said cancel the reservation and we will book with another airline, so they fought us on that as well. They wouldn't refund us the full amount. They are extremely unreliable. The baggage weight is 40lbs, so don't expect them to be like every other airline, and once the baggage fees and every other nickel-n-dimeing thing they could pull off, they weren't much cheaper than everyone else! Pay the extra 15 dollars and fly with someone else."
"Boston to Ft Myers. As a regular traveler, I can honestly say that my experience today with Spirit Airlines today was the worst of my travel history. I will never book a flight with this airline again. As they say 'you get what you pay for'. And in this case we got nothing! After several delays (first one because of 'muggy conditions'?), then told the aircraft hadn't yet left Florida, then told they couldn't tell us when it might arrive, then ultimately cancelled. Trying to get our luggage after all this was another exercise in frustration. Save yourself a lot of aggravation, spent a bit more money and you will actually get to your destination."
"Spirit Airlines started delaying our Cleveland to Tampa flight before we even left our house for the airport. After that, it was delayed another 6 different times because the aircraft needed to \"stop for gas\". After being stuck at the airport for 5+ hours waiting for our delayed flight, we found out that our flight was now cancelled from fellow flight members. After finding out that our flight was officially cancelled from the airline for now weather issues, we then found out that the next flight out to Tampa would not be for another 2 days later or we could receive a refund. They did not help us find another flight to get to our destination, nor did they have very much information as to what to do because of the cancelled flight. After spending hours to find another flight through a different airline, they attendants from the other airline told us that spirit is know for their cancellations for unknown reasons. This was the worst flying experience that I have ever been put through. I got my money back, but there is no one that can give me the time I spent sitting in an airport instead of with family. Wasted time, wasted energy, and wasted money.Very disappointed."
"Spirit Airlines carefully pushes the envelope on personal space. I am not a tall guy but my knees hit the seat on the first flight. On my return, Spirit then told me my flight was cancelled. They did not even apologize. Horrible customer service. I was given no other options except to wait another day and call off of work or to get a refund. The next day the flight was delayed 3 hours. The cabin attendants are pretty nice and provide a tiny bit of human interaction. Yet, everything will cost you. The flight is only as cheap as you want it to be. This hassle and infringement on the welfare of people is not worth saving any money."
"Spirit Airlines was a rip off. I flew between Bogota and New York City via Fort Lauderdale in December. The fare was lower than other airlines, or so it seemed. It is true everything is an add-on at Spirit. Food, checked baggage, carry on luggage, change fees - everything. Why this may be fine on a short hop, it is not acceptable on an international flight. When you add it all up, Spirit is no bargain. Moreover, their seats don't recline and are very uncomfortable. Worst part, Spirit only allows a one hour connection from international to domestic flights in Fort Lauderdale. Our departing flight was 30 minutes late due to a mechanical issue, so the connection time was even less. Traveling with a two children and another adult, this was very tight. Needless to say we missed our connection, but Spirit would not accommodate us. We were told there were no other flights between Fort Lauderdale and New York that night, and were forced to pay for hotel rooms and take a flight the next day. Moreover, we had to pay the difference in air fare between the flight we missed (due to Spirit's mechanical delay) and the flight we actually took. All told, we were delayed by 32 hours and spent over $1,000 more had we booked United, American, Copa, Avianca or any other airline for the same flight. We never received an apology or reimbursement for the hotel, meals and difference in air fare we were forced to pay because of Spirit's delay. Lastly, we later found out from the Fort Lauderdale Airport Authority that the minimum connection time at FLL is 90 minutes, not 60 minutes. Jetblue, which also flies the same route, actually states on their website that that the minimum connection time is 60 minutes. Accordingly, Spirit sells product that customers can often not use. To generate more money, they then charge customers additional fees (difference in air fare), because of the faulty product. It's like selling someone a broken car, then charging them for repairs. Because of this horrible experience, Spirit will never be a consideration again for air travel. Add to the mix uncomfortable seats, add-ons for international flights and rude service, Spirit should be out of business."
"Orlando to San Juan and the worst experience ever. Two flights, two delays and people complaining. No seat assignments even though I bought the tickets two months ago. My party of ten was divided, the last 4 people were sent through JetBlue two hours later. Not in my options for next travel, one star."
"On the way out from Los Angeles to OAK we had the best experience. Cheap tix, small carry-on bags only ment no extra fees and the air host was the funniest. Departed and arrived on time. On the way back we were delayed four hours. Good thing there was a constant updating of departure times on their website. And having familiarised ourselves with what kind of airline Spirit Airlines is, we knew to expect trouble. The upside is we got from Los Angeles to San Francisco and back for under 100 dollars. But I would not use Spirit if I needed to be somewhere on time."
"Atlantic City to Orlando, and Spirit Airlines has the worst seats I've ever flown. It's also true that flying out of Atlantic City, the people who work with or for Spirit are as nice as I've experienced. That being said, the management and ownership is worse than the worst. Just try to get in touch by phone. it's near impossible. So, woe to you if you have a problem that needs a quick answer. I have some miles to use up with Spirit and then I rip up their credit card and I am gone."
"Spirit Airlines is the worst airline I have traveled. During my recent return flight from Bogotato Fort lauderdale (Flight NK400), not only were all the passengers forced to spend 2 additional hours onboard the most unconfortable seating arrangement (non reclining and hard seats), before the decision was made to unload everyone's bags from the plane in order for it to be able to take off. It has been two days since then, and none of the few people you can actually contact at Spirit Airlines, that being the luggage office at the airport, can give me a straight answer about the whereabouts of our luggage. The lack of respect with the passengers is incredible. Unfortunately we made the wrong choice in our last minute booking to Bogota. Never again Spirit Airlines. Book elsewhere, is my advice."
"Spirit is the worst airline I have ever flown and has terrible customer service. On December 31, 2015, I arrived at 5:30am to check in my bag for a 7:15am flight from Atlanta to Fort Myers. I stood in line for 45 minutes to check in my bag. The Spirit airline employees called for individuals flying to Chicago and allowed about 15 people that were in line behind me check in their bags ahead of me. I was very concerned that I might miss my flight but the Spirit employees assured me that I would make my flight when they finally allowed me to check my bag at 6:14am. I arrived at the gate at 7:01 am as they the ticket agent was closing the door and they refused to allow me and about 18 other passengers to board. The ticket agent went back to talk to the pilot and he refused to allow us to board. We asked to talk to the supervisor but they said she busy and could not help us. They refused to offer place us on another flight or offer us any reimbursement. The agent said it was against their policy. The only thing they offered us was a flight the next day. We watched or plane leave with all our bags on it. Fifteen minutes later, I received a email from Spirit saying our flight left the gate early. I saved the email to file a complaint with customer service. I was unaware that a pilot could leave the gate early knowing their were 18 passengers waiting to board."
"Detroit to Atlanta return with Spirit Airlines. Hidden fees. Under the cover of so called options for the customer. Even after booking everything online and checking bags and you will end up paying for everything in between on the way to whereever it is you're going. Can't even get a small glass of water on the plane without paying. Do yourself a favor and pay the extra $50 for a ticket with Delta or AA. I will never fly this airline again."
"Spirit Airlines is simply the worst airline in the air today. I attempted to fly them last night from Denver to attend CES in Las Vegas. They called me when I was on the way to the airport and told me the flight was cancelled. I checked www.flydenver.com and they were the only cancellation to Las Vegas. I am sure they cancelled because they didn't sell enough seats. Then on top of that they didn't want to refund the money for their cancelled flight! I am missing multiple meetings because of them that were extremely important to my business. Don't trust this airline for any reason business or personal. Spend the extra bucks and actually get to where you are going."
"San Diego to Cabo San Lucas. Initial fare seemed reasonable until you try to check in. Costs extra $$ to get two seats together, Bag fees are very inflated, also if you don't check in on-line, the bag fees are $100 per bag each way. A bag over 40 pounds is more $$. Even a carry on bag is very expensive. I had to pay an additional $360 to get two seats together and check 2 bags and carry on 2. No free snacks either, not even water. This was my first and last time to use this airline."
"Spirit Airlines is the worst. I paid quite a bit of money for an upcoming flight to Orlando. I started with a base fare of $970, joined the $9 fare club for $56, paid $86 for bags which came out to $21 per bag, and paid $120 for exit row seats. All together 2 tickets cost over $1,300. I saw the fare had gone down to $421 round trip instead of the original $485. I called the airline to see if they would credit back the difference as I had joined the $9 fare club. No go - they are not willing to work with anyone on fares. They claim you get a discounted fare by joining the $9 fare club which is a lie. You get nothing but a slight reduction on your bags."
"Cancun to Baltimore via Fort Lauderdale. Avoid this airline if you have somewhere important to go, have any disability, avoid travelling through Fort Lauderdale because the Spirit staff there are probably the worst at applying all their carry on baggage rules. I had a camera bag with me which has never been a problem, they insisted on charging you 50$ extra. Completely prepared to make you miss your flight if possible. Flight get cancelled without much concern or apology. Meet a couple of wheelchair needing individuals who got bounced off the San Juan flight because there was no one available to push them to the gate."
"I flew Spirit Airlines from Myrtle Beach to Charleston WV where I live. I had flown Allegiant to MYR and I was supposed to fly back on Allegiant as well. However my flight was cancelled and I needed to get back to Charleston as soon as possible. So I decided to fly Spirit. I will say that it wasn't completely awful, but it still wasn't good in any way. I flew \"big front\", crew was nice and I did have to pay for my carry on which I wasn't too excited about. I got something to drink and the person sitting next to me was nice. Because I sat in \"big front\", my seat was far better than the others. Overall I think I had a decent, mediocre experience. I say it was average, nothing special and I'm glad that my flight on Spirit wasn't cancelled too!"
"Atlanta to Fort Myers. The customer service is awful as well the dynamic of the airline. Me, along with 27 other people were left behind because we got to our gate at 7:04 and our flight was leaving at 7:20, mind you all of our luggage was on the plane, and security took all of us over an hour to get through even though we checked into the airport at the Spirit desk at 5:30, well before our flight. No one was given a refund and the next available flight was the next day. When we asked to speak to a supervisor we were told that the main supervisor is out of town and the other supervisor was halfway across the Atlanta airport and refused to come and assist us (not kidding). I had asked if I could recieve assitance on being placed on another airline to the same destination or even further knowldge on another airline the service desk said they were not allowed to do that. I, as well as many other people tried calling the customer service for Spirit and was told that it would cost and additional $10 to talk to a real person and not a computer. Afterwards, I walked to a Delta desk and bought a ticket for that day and received great customer service all within 10 minutes."
"New York to Managua via Fort Lauderdale. My one flight with Spirit Airlines was the worst flight experience I've had. They incorrectly weighed the aircraft and thus had to remove 100 bags at random from the flight. I didn't receive mine for 5 days. Both legs of my flight were delayed by at least 30 minutes. They don't provide a direct customer service line, and they make it impossible to speak with a live person even for other types of questions. They had the audacity to require that I answer a survey before I could even proceed with my phone call (it was not optional)."
"Las Vegas to Minneapolis. Do not waste your time with this airline. They cancelled several flights due to crew related issues my wife and I got stuck in Las Vegas. The 1-800 number you had to call to rebook took an hour and 12 minutes sitting on hold for someone to answer the phone. And then another hour in 30 minutes standing in line waiting to get her hotel voucher and food vouchers. The hotel was okay, however none of the local restaurants accepted the food vouchers, they're only good at the airport. Save yourself the headache don't use Spirit Airlines."
"Fiancé and I decided to give Spirit Airlines one more chance so we purchased round trip Houston to Atlanta flights for Christmas. It was advertised as almost $150 cheaper then other airlines but with all the baggage charges it ended up that we only saved $10. The best part is that they cancelled both flights! On Christmas Day they cancelled 2hrs prior to leaving - Spirit Airlines Customer service could not help up- we ended up calling a third party to book a flight. Returning we arrive at the airport 2 hrs early - flight was to start boarding at 3:07pm - nothing - no plane - no announcement. 3:15pm still no plane, no announcement. 3:24pm plane arrives and people are heading to the gate. 3:30pm someone says \"it's canceled\" - still no announcement. 3:40 an announcement we have to go back to ticketing. We called Spirit to see if we they could assist - they didn't even attempt to see if any of their partner airlines had any opening - if we wanted a refund over the phone it would cost us an additional $50 to talk to someone! Even though spirit refunded our flight it costs us an additional $650 for extended hotel, car rental, pet boarding, parking and we both ended having to take extended vacation days. We will never fly with Spirit again."
"Spirit Airlines is by far the worst airline. They profess to have cheap flights thus justifying excessive add-ons such as purchasing your seat and paying for carry-on luggage. However, this is far from the case. By the time you purchase all of the add-ons, which are complimentary on other airlines, you are paying nearly $300. This airline is overly cheap and will never get my business again. While I understand rules are rules and policies are in place to maximize profits, it is truly asinine what they charge you for. Their policies make them look cheap and self-centered. I have yet to come across someone that has something positive to say about this airline."
"Five of us flew Spirit Airlines from Los Angeles to Las Vegas for vacation on Xmas Eve at 6:15am with 2 paid checked bags online at $40 x 2 each and only about an hour flight. The airline lost one of our bag that the contents belonged to three of us. We had to spend and rushing that day to buy a new bag, clothings for 3 person and necessary things for the next two days stay. It was a horrible experience to lose our bag on a trip with personal belonging that they will not ever be replaced as same. As for the returning flight, we checked in our 2 bags at 6:45am to LAX, and one of the bag did not come on the flight and it was still at LAS Airport. The rude male agent at the baggage claim office in LAX told us he will give us a call as soon as the bag came in, however if we do not answer his call he will hang up without leaving any messages, because he has to help the customer who is standing in front of him who has more priority than us who is waiting for our delayed bag. The bag came in with the next flight in that evening after 9:00pm and no call was made to let us know, we have to call the baggage claim office the next morning and left messages for someone to call back. No one retuned our calls and several attempt, we got through to talk to a real person, she said the bag was already came in since last night. We told her we will come in person to pick it up, because we do not trust them to delivery it to us. We are still working on to claim our lost items in the missing bag, the male agent at LAS airport told us to call as early as possible on Monday morning, because Florida is 3 hrs ahead of California. We called in to Resolution Dept. on phone number of Claim Report that we received and sure enough that there are no human been will assist our call, because this is a web based service and we need to email them to contact them. We felt that this airline has ripped off our precious time that we have planned for months and our loved personal belonging items that this airline will never be able to replace, and plus our valuable time that we have to spend trying to contact them to process our claim. We are hoping that we can resolve our claims in a short period of time. We will never again use this airline."
"Plane was cancelled in my return Denver to Chicago flight, only got an email about 5 hours before my flight saying my plane was delayed or cancelled but no details on it. Tried to look online but had to go through a roundabout way to figure out any details and finally figured out it was cancelled. Tried to book a new flight but didn't have anything until 4 or 5 days later! I couldn't believe it! Not OK! Called the airline, took me forever to get to a human to talk to after being disconnected twice. Was told unless I wanted to book a flight for 5 days later he couldn't help me further but if I went to the airport they might be able to help me more. Which was two hours away. Drove to the airport, there they told me the earliest they could get me on a flight was 5 days away. They couldn't do anything further but they could give me refund and I could find another flight with another airline. Didn't even offer me a voucher for all my troubles. The guy at the counter told me that the guy I talked to on the phone with should have never told me to go to the airport because nothing further could have been done! If I had known that I could have booked a flight out that day at a closer airport but because I was given the run a round. Will never fly Spirit again."
"Spirit Airlines didn't try to help reschedule a cancelled flight from Houston Texas to New Orleans. Spirit Airlines customers and I sat for hours waiting for a flight to New Orleans. An announcement was made three times concerning the flight, hence not mentioning it would be cancelled. The first announcement was that the plane had arrived and is sitting in the Terminal. The second announcement was that the flight needed to be check for security issues. The third announcement was that the flight crew never showed up. Once the flight was cancelled all passengers ran to the Spirit counter to get help, but no agent was there to assist. I stood in line for a hour waiting on assistance I never received. My mother is elderly and can't handle chaos, so I gave up on rescheduling the flight and caught the bus."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from Boston to Las Vegas. Unfortunately this flight was purchased for me otherwise I wouldn't dare fly with this airline after the reviews I've read. I have now been sitting in a parked airplane for almost two hours now and we keep getting the run around as to why we have yet to take off. I'm not a person who bothers writing a bad review, but I figured, while I'm sitting here waiting to take off for an already long flight (6hrs) I'll put my two cents in and if we don't take off before I'm finished, I'm sending. I paid $73 to check one bag that weighed 46lbs. They really get you coming and going with this airline. The cheap fares advertised are there to hook you into a price that is nowhere near what you end up being charged. Never again."
"My Spirit Airlines Cleveland to Tampa reservation was cancelled today ruining my family's annual vacation. Now my children do not get to see Disney. The plane for this flight was in CLE this morning yet the flight was delayed and then cancelled. I did not find out about the flight being cancelled until I went to check my bags. I had update emails from Spirit but not one stating it was cancelled. Second, there were 5 spirit employees working the counter in Cleveland yet only one terminal was open. They could have cared less about the flight being cancelled. \"Do you want vouchers, refund or rebooked on January 4th. Today is December 29th - rebooked on January 4th. B63UUS was my first reservation and that flight was also cancelled. Do not fly this airline, it isn't worth saving a few dollars."
"Sitting near the gate for our flight from Houston to Tampa, I would look up at the board occasionally to see if it was still leaving on time. With about 20 minutes before boarding time I looked up to see \"Cancelled\". No one at the gate to explain what happen. At another gate I was told to go to their counter which I did, along with 150 other people on the same flight. Because of the lines trying to get on other flights it was going to be hours before we could get to the counter. My wife and I are 81 years old and can't stand in line that long. This is the weekend after Christmas, every flight is booked and I finally got on a Delta fight the next day - Hotel room at $106.00, Tickets on Delta $545.00, plus other expenses considerable. No help from anyone. This is one of the worst run airlines in the business."
"Flew BWI to Houston. It's as if Spirit Airlines are trying to tick off their passengers every step of the way. I get it that this is an a la Carte airline. But the only thing they are not charging for is the air that we are breathing. Some things should be complimentary. First, they charge for checked bags. Then, for reserving a seat. Other annoyances would be unfortunate customer service, on their own are outrageous together: - three fails on baggage: first the charge. Second, no curbside check-in. Third, Spirit's weight limit is less than other airlines. Way to make things easy and pleasant. At the gate: we were reminded three times of the one personal item rule. The third time the attendant said that checking a carry on is \"$100 each, so try to consolidate because I don't want none of my people at my gate to have to pay that.\" Well-meant advice but poor policy and grammar. On the plane: grown men, not obese, are seated with their knee around the seat in front of them in the aisle. Now I understand the bag rule: you crammed so many people in you have less room for bags. No movies? I can't see the restrooms but I dearly hope there are at least four of them. No confidence in that though, because passenger comfort is their last concern."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from Oakland to Las Vegas. From the time I asked for help and they wanted to charge me $10 to our flight getting delayed and they called it an 'alert' to alarm the passengers, I knew it was a disaster. Sat on the Tarmac for 45 min just to get off the plane and wait for another 45 min. Once in the airport again, the lady at the gate said there weren't any other flights going to my city for two days. She went on to say they are not to be expected to pay for accommodation for the two days we would have to wait. If you don't carry a credit/debit card your will have problems getting a drink because they don't accept cash. I felt bad for the teen near my seat that didn't have a card, so I paid for his. The flight attendants were rude, as well as the captain."
"Tampa to Cancun. Truly disappointed with this airline and will never be flying them again. My mother and I fly to Cancun quite often, and the checked bag weight is usually 50 lbs. Spirit only allows 40 lbs, one personal item, and you have to pay to bring a carry on bag. On other airlines, you are allowed a 50 lb checked bag, personal item, and free carry on bag per person. When I asked the man working at the check-in counter at Tampa International Airport, he began to argue with me. He acted completely unprofessionally and told me that he knew better. In our transit to our connected flight, our luggage was taking forever to be unloaded and it was not clear which carousel it would be on. I witnessed a woman ask a Spirit worker a question about her baggage and if she would be able to make her connecting flight. The man sighed and said, \"The plane won't wait for you and that's not my problem\". I have never been so disappointed in my life. Our flight back to Tampa was horrible. The flight was delayed because our crew and pilot hadn't arrived. We then had to wait for them to \"settle in\" and did not get home until three hours after the intended time. Spirit is atrocious."
"On a Christmas Eve flight from Orlando to Latrobe I ran into the Grinchwardess. I entered the plane to find all the overhead bins closed. I asked the stewardess if they were all full and she said \"No you need to find one that is empty\". It was then I realized I must not have selected the \"pay $10 for stewardess support\" option on the Spirit Airlines website when I bought my flight tickets. Fortunately for my 10 month old daughter and myself a passenger filled the void of my mistake for not paying for upgraded service."
"Sending my Grandkids back from Southwest Florida to Chicago. I understand that flights get delayed, but when you get to the gate and ask for the kids get on early, and they say no. it's very disturbing. If that wasn't bad enough, the said it with a bad attitude. This airline is truly the worst, and even though I am a member and hold the Spirit Airlines Credit Card, I will no longer use this airline. They loaded the passengers after a 2.5 hour delay with no luggage. The airline did not load any of the passengers luggage. How does this happen?"
"My family of four had our Spirit Airlines flight to Tampa cancelled today. This was our Christmas break vacation and as we walked into the airport we received an email notice of the cancellation. After waiting in line for over two hours to rebook our flight our only option was to get our money back and cancel our vacation. They were unable to get us on another flight for two days and offered no compensation for food or hotel stays. We are out money on our vacation rental, car reservations and boat reservations in Fort Meyers. Not to mention our disappointment in missing our vacation with family and friends. I have no problem with their baggage and booking fees, my problem is with their lack of customer service and inability to get you to where they say they will. The customer service representative we dealt with was rude, condescending and dishonest. I have never been treated so poorly. This airline is a joke of a company and I feel they run a borderline illegal operation! I will never use this airline again and feel sorry for anyone else they put in this situation."
"Flight cancelled due to \"inclement weather\" however I inquired with Delta Airlines and United Airlines and both were selling tickets and flying to Detroit with no delays. Spirit Airlines insults your intelligence and places no value in its credibility by deceiving customers. Both going to Houston and coming home were the most horrible travel experiences ever. I've flown the airline since 2000 and watched it's steady decline in its customer service overall culture of disregard. Seems they don't place any value on the good job they have with the airline."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from Boston to Atlanta and is one of the worst airlines I've flown. They deceive you by making you think that your price for a flight is far less than competing airlines, but throughout the process of buying your ticket, they increasingly add more and more costs that make your ticket about $100 more than others. Once you finally get your ticket, when you try and check in, they make it incredibly difficult and the website directs you hundreds of different ways and tells you that you do not have an account when you have already created multiple and pressed \"forgot password\" as well to attempt to fix your so called \"non-existent\" account. By the time you get frustrated enough to quit and simply check in at the airport, they charge you much much more money to check in at the gate. Bags are 100$ each if you can't book them online."
"If you're military and you're flying on orders do not fly with Spirit Airlines. You will have to pay for your check-in bags. There will still be an extra fee for overweight bags. Initial fee is $50.00 per bag. I tried handling this issue but they put me on hold for a long time. I spoke with a manager but I was not able to fix the problem with checked in bags and neither was I able to get a refund for my flight. Pay the extra dollars and fly with military friendly airlines like American or Delta."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from nI'm not one to complain typically, I understand the concept of \"you get what you pay for\" but this was awful. First of all the flight was delayed for no apparent reason. Apparently they were \"over fueled\" - whatever that means. We were supposed to take off at 6.59 and it's currently 10.02 and still on the runway. Terrible experience overall, but it is cheap and a backpack counts as a free carry on."
"My wife, myself, my 3 year old and 5 month old scheduled to depart IAH to DTW on a non stop at 7:05pm. Flight cancelled due to weather. We were offered a hotel voucher for a discount on a room which no hotel listed on their website or by phone accepted. We were told we would be put on to a flight at 1:05pm on 12-16-2015 which would put us through Atlanta. We were told it was a full flight but were given seat assignments by he ticket agent and guaranteed we had those seats. We asked three separate times to confirm we had seats and were assured we did. We showed up at 9:05am on 12-16-2015 to check-in and were told that we did NOT have seats and were stand-by flyers. We asked why we had seat assignments and were told that we shouldn't have those and they were invalid. We were told no other flights were available that day and had no recourse other than a refund. At that time - flying with two small children and no where to stay and no transportation - we took the refund and were forced to take a flight on another airline at almost three times the cost. In checking on other flights from Houston to Detroit on our original day of travel - I have found that Spirit is the only airline to have cancelled that route. There were two delays on other airlines but all other flights from other carriers arrived as-scheduled."
"My original Spirit Airlines flight 696 from Las Vegas to Baltimore was due to leave at 11.50pm on 12/13/15. Upon arriving to Las Vegas Airport, I was advised that flight 696 had a delayed departure time that was now set for 2.34am. Upon boarding at 2.33am, the pilot said the delay was due to weather in the Florida region. After I had been sat in my seat for over an hour, with no updates, we were informed that the delay was due to \"paperwork\". There was no clarification on what paperwork we were waiting on that would cause the delay. At 4am, the flight staff passed out water bottles, but could only repeat that the delay was due to paperwork. My complaint is obviously due to the repeated delays, but more importantly the lack of communication and lack of professional courtesy. We finally departed Las Vegas Airport towards Baltimore at 4.10am, with no clear explanations or apology for what occurred."
"Spirit Airlines is worst airline I have taken. Flew OAK to ORD. The tickets seem cheap at first but there is a separate charge for everything such as: seats, baggage, even water inflight costs $3. I had already bought my bags online, but coming back they still made me pay $100 for a small bag. Never again will I travel with Spirit Airlines, if you do, be ready to pay at every step you take."
"I don't care how cheap the prices are, I was completely disappointed with my experience on Spirit Airlines from PBI to BOS. Not only do they charge you for bags, they charge you for drinking water. On top of it all, the flight attendants were rude and condescending. Not pleasant, our flight left a half hour late. All in all avoid this airline."
"This was a round trip to Fort Meyers, FL from Minneapolis, MN on Spirit Airlines 318 Airbus A320: Our departure from Minneapolis, and arrival in Fort Meyers went okay, although the landing was the hardest touch down I've ever experienced. I don't really have a problem with this leg of our trip. Our problems were with our return flight from Fort Meyers, Florida - Southwest Florida International Airport (RSW). We traveled with 5 family members, 2 checking in together, and 3 checking in together. The ticket agent wouldn't even talk to me, she just pointed at their kiosk, which I scurried over to for check in. The kiosk said that we were not able to check in as we were late. I realize that this airport has the right to slap a preprinted sign at me to explain that the airport requires a person to arrive at the airport two to three hours prior to departure, but is there not a way to accommodate or show consideration? My brother and his wife were right next to us at the ticket counter (with a more pleasant agent) working to get them on the plane, and were able to move on to security. Our ticket agent (one that my brother didn't want to go to because she looked crabby), very sternly said that we had missed our flight. This is very hard news to accept when the other half of our group was let on the plane. When I expressed my anger, and helplessness, the ticket agent told the agent next to her that she was \"done with helping\" because I wouldn't accept her suggestion to fly out the next night. Luckily I ran over to another airlines (delta) where a friendly man and other agents helped us buy 3 one-way tickets on a flight to Minneapolis that landed 14 minutes after the Spirit airplane did. How is it that we were gladly accepted on another airline that was within minutes of leaving and arriving?? I say this to you: If you don't think your agent looks friendly, try another agent that can handle a persons' situation with grace and dignity. your agents to treat customers with the respect that we paid for."
"I cannot believe the amount of hassle, time, and extra money went into flying with Spirit Airlines. The employees were crabby and customer service is not important to them. We couldn't get our questions answered or assistance. I often fly and this was the worst flying experience I've ever had. Many extra fees, huge wait times, and overly expensive bag check. Disappointed to say the least! If only a rating of 0 was an option."
"I booked a Spirit Airlines flight from OAK to PHL with a stop in LAS and then returning from PHL to OAK with a stop in DFW. When I went online to pre-pay for my luggage they wanted to charge me twice for one piece of luggage for my return flight. $37 for the leg from PHL to DFW and then another $37 for the leg from DFW to OAK. Even though they were only charging me once for the (two-legged) trip out from OAK to PHL. That's a total of $111 for one piece of checked luggage on a round trip. Buyer beware! this airline charges extra for every little thing - carry on luggage is even pricier than checked baggage and you also have to pay to reserve your seat and to check in at the airport. You should be aware of all these costs before trying to compare their seemingly bargain prices to that of other airlines."
"To begin with my flight was delayed in El Salavdor. So when we got to Lauderdale, we had missed our flight when we arrived. So they had to rebook us, as we were on our way to customs Spirit Airlines staff stopped us and informed us that we had to pay extra because one of the carry on was too big. They wanted to charge me $75. Finally, the supervisor let us go through. We ran to go through customs, agriculture and security. We literally had 20 minutes to get through everything. We missed our second and they didnt have any earlier flight than 8pm. From 6 in the morning we had to stay in the airport with my daughters waiting for our flight. Will never again use Spirit again. This airline is a mess. They want to charge you for everything and the space is very uncomfortable. Thinking I was going to save money when in reality I wasted triple as much!"
"Flew Spirit Airlines a few years ago. Flight was ok and very reasonable. I had joined one of their clubs, can't remember which. Paid $99, or $79 for one years membership and never flew Spirit Airlines again because it didn' go where I wanted to go. Last December I was automatically charged for another year's membership and read the fine print which said fee was non refundable. So here we are, it's December once again and I want out. Tried online, wasted over an hour and got nowhere. Made several attempts on the phone, but you cannot ever speak to a human. Must have done something wrong because I now have two spirit ID#s. So, if anyone is silly enough to join up, be advised, they will never let you go."
"I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. The whole process was an inconvenience. The flights are not significantly cheaper. The website is not user friendly. My sister and I could not check in, the website kept kicking us off and it took 30 mins to purchase my carry on. The website kept saying error. Flight was just as bad. Flying to and from Cancun the flight was delayed. Only on my flight home the flight was delayed 3.5 hrs. My connecting flight was scheduled to be the same aircraft I flew on earlier. So originally I wasn't worried, until I found out they weren't delaying my connecting flight. Spirit displaced over 100 people because they would not delay a flight 2 hrs. I called Spirit customer service to see if I had other option. They said they couldn't help me. The only reason Spirit gets 3 stars is because I arrive at my destination safely. Late, but safe."
"Portland to Baltimore via Las Vegas. The seats were very uncomfortable, cramped and non-reclining. Little miscellaneous fees tacked on to everything did not add up to much, but were extremely frustrating. They charge $10 for an agent to take 30 seconds and print my boarding pass, even though they have to take my luggage anyway? Just charge me an extra $20 upfront and let me choose a ticket free and maybe have a sip of water on a 4 hour flight. The \"low fare\" marketing was shoved in my face, and it was a miserable experience in general."
"Terrible airline. I tried to check in and it takes you through this convoluted process, so I thought I had successfully checked in, but apparently not. So when I get to the airport, minutes less then an hour before my flight. I am hit with two big surprises. One, I didn't check in like I thought. Two, they won't let you check in less than an hour before the flight - which is not posted on the check in emails at all. So now I get to eat ramen by myself for Thanksgiving. Thanks Spirit Airlines!"
"This was my first and last time flying Spirit Airlines. They were disorganized, unprofessional and charge for every little thing (carry on that goes in overhead compartment). The seats were so narrow the guys shoulders next to me overlapped with mine. And then there was a three hour delay due to maintenance issue which they never bothered to notify you of til you are ate airport. With today's technology and the fact that they have your email and cell you think they could send a message and prevent a 6 hour stay in the airport."
"My company bought me a ticket on their TPA-FLL route at the last minute. The ticket was advertised as $33, but after all the extra nickel and dimming the ticket ended up being almost $400 one way! There is not a single thing that Spirit doesn't charge for. You are way off better buying a full price ticket on a mainline carrier with everything included. When I got to my seat it was covered in trash from the previous flight. The cleaning crew obviously didn't care enough to do their jobs. Once we took off the flight attendants did not do a drink service, as they said they would, instead they talked about their credit card and handed out applications for 45 minutes. The following day I tried calling their customer service line to request a receipt for my bag charges, since I had not received the email receipt I requested on their website. Their automated system is set up in a way that it is almost impossible to talk to a human being. I had to google how to make it happen, which took me about 40 minutes of going through automated messages to finally do. The representative I spoke to had a heavy accent and I could barely understand anything he said. He did inform me he had emailed me a receipt, which turned out he never did. I will never be flying Spirit again!"
"Spirit Airlines is my worst experience with an airline. The only reason I'm writing this review is to save others from the inconvenience and all the hidden fees. Their staff is a absolutely horrid and oblivious of the term customer service. First off they booked the wrong date for me, in an attempt to fix that they charged me insane change fee, which meant I'll be lucky if I get pennies for what I paid. I even offered to get credit for future flights and but a new ticket for the date I intended to flight - they still won't show any courtesy and charged me a change fee. For instance a carry on (which is a free service on other flights) for a round trip can cost you $100.00 - so remember in trying to save maybe 20 to 30 dollars, you'll end up spending couple extra $100. Take my suggestion and save yourself the pain. A lot of people will be content if they pay less money and get creepy service as long as their aren't any hidden charges - and I'm surely once of them but neither did I save any money nor did I get any good service."
"I have been flying with Spirit Airlines because of the cheaper price tickets and have dealt with the small seats and delays - however last night was the last straw. I have been using the same carry on bag for the last four years. However yesterday I was told that I would have to pay for the carry on at the gate USD 100.00. Never ever have I been dealt with so rudely. They have lost my business for good and hopefully they will lose your business and anyone else that I could convince."
"I had never used Spirit Airlines and I travel a few times a year. I decided try them due to their lower rates than the other airlines so I booked a flight for my husband and I to Miami Florida, on Nov 5, 2015. However, due to a sudden medical issue and my doctor's recommendation I was unable to fly on the date booked. I contacted Spirit and asked for a credit for a later date ( 1 week) to which I was then informed that was not an option and if I wasn't on the flight booked I would lose all my money $360.00. I asked for a supervisor and he also delivered the same news. I told him I had a doctors note that I could provide and only needed a few more days to recover. It didn't seem to matter. I do not believe that they should (Spirit) be able to get away with keeping customers money with no action taken. I hope my review helps others before making a decision to fly Spirit. I know for a fact that other airlines might be a few dollars extra but in the event of emergency they honor their customers and accommodate them with credits. Not to mention that its impossible to reach someone at the corporate office for assistance."
"I wasn't pleased with my travel on Spirit Airlines. My husband and I paid over $1500 for our round trip tickets traveling from New York, LaGuardia to Las Vegas, McCarran Airport. With a stop at Chicago O'Hare International Airport. I wasn't pleased at all. On top of spending over $1500 for our tickets, a fee was charged for bags going under the plane or on top. The seats were very uncomfortable, didn't recline. There were no outlets to charge your electronics. And then no snacks were served, unless you purchased them. With the amount of money spent traveling alone, you would think these amenities would be available. To top it all off, Spirit airlines lost my luggage, by sending them to Chicago. I was left without clothing until about 2.00 pm Las Vegas time the next day. I wouldn't recommend Spirit Airlines."
"Poor service, delays and no significant saving (after payment for all requires services at airport and in flight), very narrow seats and leg space (again pay more to get leg space comparable to other flights), no app to keep an electronic boarding pass (eg. On smartphone etc. like other airlines) you have even pay for printing boarding pass. In short you might save twenty bucks after spending all hidden costs and I don't think it's worth the pain. I flew from IAH to ATL last week and tried Spirit due to it's alluring low fare. It was $265 compared to $400 on Delta and $367 on American. However, I had to pay $110 extra for my carry on baggage (two way). Also on my return I couldn't print boarding pass because of unavailability of printer at my work location so had to pay $10 more for printing boarding pass. Wanted to select a seat of my own but then it was another $10 which I decided not to. In short I ended up paying pretty much same as other airlines. Oh, and my departure flight was 45 minutes late. All this pain for just saving ten or twenty bucks? Thank you but I will not fall for it again."
"I was digusted and angered by Spirit Airlines for the fees charged for baggage checked and carry on, it was despicable, also charges for printing out boarding passes and after paying for checked in luggage, if found overweight you then have the audacity to charge extra. I will never recommend travel with Spirit Airlines."
"I arrived 2 hours before my Spirit Airlines October 31st flight from Dallas to Detroit, only to be told when checking my bag in that my flight was cancelled with no explanation at all. I was told very nonchalantly that the next flight out would be Monday, November 2nd at 8 pm. I was given a hotel voucher, but I could not use the transportation vouchers given to and from the airport because no taxi service I could find would take the voucher. I was also given food vouchers which were only good in the airport, and were worthless because I couldn't take my luggage through security and since my flight was canceled and I didn't have a boarding pass. Although, I got on a flight the next day rather than a 2 day mess, I was booked in someone else's seat. To top it all off, customer service was rude while working through all of this and on the plane. It was one nightmare after another. It never feels good to be traveling alone and be stranded."
"The most unprofessional, rude, unorganized, senseless airline I have ever flown. They lure you in with a cheap ticket but then charge $35 for checked bags, $15 per seat selection, worst seats you've ever had the misfortune to sit on. I'd give them zero stars for everything if I could."
"My wife and I took a bump to get two \"free round trip vouchers\". When trying to use them we found out that they only cover the \"Base fare\" which does not include fuel. The flight we looked into had a $17 base fare and a $90 fuel fee plus other taxes and fees. So our voucher was only good for $17. But wait because we had to call to use the voucher we were charged a $15 fee so our free voucher was only good for $2 off a full price fare. $2 isn't enough incentive to put up with no free bags of any kind, uncomfortable seats with no legroom, and poor customer service. Add this to Spirits habit of randomly cancelling flight due to \"Weather\". If another airlines tickets at $50 more you actually save money at the end of your trip. Avoid Spirit unless it is your only choice."
"My round trip started in Detroit to Dallas, that part was OK. The return flight-mare started when I showed up at the airport to check in 2 hours early only to find out that my flight had been cancelled. It was explained to me that the aircraft bound for Denver had mechanical problems so the airline chose to bump the Detroit bound customers and use the Detroit bound aircraft so the Denver customers could get to their destination. Customer Service very smugly told me I had only two options, either sit and wait for a 12 hour later flight or take a full refund of half of the whole price I paid for my trip. I was traveling with my elderly mother who in no way was about to sit overnight in an airport chair, so they finally agreed to put me into a room overnight. The next morning we waited two hours standing in line to check in and go through TSA. So after getting the later flight into another connecting city the airline actually had the nerve to ask customers if they would like to volunteer to give up their seats for yet another group of passengers who they deemed needed seats more than the customers they had already inconvenienced. Well we finally made it to Detroit, more than 18 hours late. My flight-mare had finally ended, so I thought. Spirit Airlines had lost my luggage. This was my first trip with Spirit Airlines and I'm sure it will be my last."
"Was looking for a getaway for a few days and wanted a reasonably priced trip. The advertised prices of Spirit's flights do not take into consideration of all the extra \"a la carte\" fees. The base price seems low, but when all the fees are added, there is no savings. Paying $18 to get an assigned seat is highway robbery. And the seats are very close together with minimal leg room (and I am short). The seat backs do not recline. The flight attendants were very professional and helpful. However, the gate agent was rude to the passengers who were running late for the early 7:00 am flight. She showed no compassion for any of the passengers' woes and refused to help them to arrange for other flights. Our checked bag was given the claim check for another person, so the bag went to the wrong airport. I didn't have a change of flight, so I never thought I would need to carry my meds and other essentials, but flying Spirit made me realize that I should not assume anything. Every single item on the plane has to be purchased, mixed peanuts $3, soft drinks $3. Hopefully, Spirit will work on their customer service and not brag that they only give us the bare necessities because they're not giving us anything."
"After several hours of delays, flight 711 out of LVN to Oakland was canceled at approximately 01.00 a.m. on 10/28/15. The flight was originally supposed to leave at 9 pm. After the plane landed in Las Vegas, staff informed us that maintenance was working on the plane. During this time, several other planes departed from Las Vegas. It was obvious that weather conditions in Vegas were not the cause of the cancelation, but the supervisor on staff informed the disgruntled crowd that the reason the reason for the cancelation was weather in Las Vegas and not maintenance. My girlfriend, who was sleeping in her car at the airport in Oakland, waiting for me at 1.00 am, also informed me that the weather in Oakland was fine. She was forced to drive two hours back to Monterey, CA. The staff REFUSED to comp a motel, or even shuttle people to a motel. I have never been this upset as a customer."
"A 5.30 am flight was cancelled without calling me at home, (not everyone has a cell phone or computer). They tried to book me a flight arriving 12 hours later on a 2 hour flight. When I asked to speak with a manager, they said they were helping with boarding another flight and wouldn't be available. I still do not have my refund. I spent 47 minutes on hold with going through the rigamaroll of stupid customer service phone options - ridiculous."
"Wouldn't recommend this airline to anyone. It's wasn't until 20 minutes before my flight was supposed to take off that they cancelled it. They then wouldn't refund me my return trip only the flight down and wouldn't offer another flight until two days later. The customer service was horrific and I will pay double the price before I would use them again."
"Read mixed reviews but had no choice it was the only flight out of Las Vegas in the early afternoon on Sunday. Took mother for her 87th birthday to Vegas. She is in a wheel chair. Boarded 45mins late. Spent 92mins on the tarmac - pilot announced with were 40th in line. The pilot taxied for 10 mins and announced he was being called back because he was out of regulated flying hours. Next Spirit flight to LAX in two days! So we had to pay double for last minute tickets didn't get to LAX until 11pm. Had to drag my poor mother threw security again. This could have been avoided but Spirit decided to risk the pilot being able to fly even though he had only hours left! No back up flights. Got my money refunded - As far as the plane, smaller less padded seats. By the time you pay for your small carry on luggage I do not see the big savings."
"I'd heard the Spirit Airlines horror stories, but assumed my friends were being needlessly dramatic (they were not, as it turns out). I paid the fee for my carry-on online, and I do think they were rather transparent on that front. When the emails about flight delays started showing up around 10 AM, I knew I was in trouble. They continued throughout the day, with a final delay of nearly 4 hours. No one would tell us why there was a delay, and different passengers got different answers. I was told mechanical issues, and another passenger heard personnel complications. There was no monitor in the terminal, and the gates changed haphazardly and with no notice. If I had no been checking other gates out of paranoia, I never would have noticed the unannounced gate change. The seats were terrible; I am only 5'5, and I could barely cross my legs. It was nearly 2 AM by the time the plane landed. Only benefit to checking in with the desk agent was my good seat - it was close to the front of the plane, so I was able to run off screaming as soon as we got to the gate. I will never fly Spirit again."
"The very uncomfortable seat fixed at an odd partial reclined angle with little padding made for a hellish red-eye cross-country flight. The one hour delay, much of which was spent seated on the plane, just increased the misery."
"I went on-line to order my tickets. I selected to leave on Oct. 16th and return on Oct. 19th. Then I decided to add a rental car. Somewhere at this time, my return date was changed to Oct. 26th, not the date I selected. When I realized the date was wrong, I called and the airline could not help me because I had booked with car rental and therefore, needed to talk to Spirit Vacation. Their hours are a lot shorter and harder to get a hold of. When I talked with Spirit Vacation, they would not change my date unless I paid $120 fee per person plus the difference of the flight. I was told to just not \"show\" on the one flight then. There was no credit and when I tried to get reimbursed for the car rental since I was only using it for 4 days and not 10, they said they do not reimburse prepaid packages! I will never use Spirit Airlines again! They tacked on more fees when I went to pick up the rental car as well, saying taxes weren't included. The so-called savings is a lie!"
"My wife purchased tickets for a Spirit Airlines round-trip flight Houston-Tampa. When I was to fly the first leg (flight 314), I received four e-mail messages about delays, and the aircraft was late by about an hour. Right now I am sitting in the Tampa airport, waiting the return flight (315), and by now it is late by more than two hours. The flight, which was initially supposed to come to Houston at 10:50 PM, now it to arrive there at 12:55 AM! Needless to add that beginning 12 o'clock in the afternoon, I received eight messages about further delays! What's wrong with those people? When you ask them about the reason for such continuous and multiple delays, they seriously refer to such a puzzling reason as traffic control. Only God knows what it may or should imply. Looks like that hostile and obtrusive traffic control is purposefully tourchering this desperate carrier, while not messing with all others. This cheap airline is not worth anything. Once you go online to book with it, you get an attractive price of $86. Then if you separately pay for your carry-on, your luggage, and the right to get a specific seat, you come up with $220. But it's not all yet. Once you find yourself aboard, you have to pay $2 for a glass if water and $3 for a small bag of lousy chips. Your seats do not incline. The funniest thing is that each delay message literally claims that the carrier just hates the delays. Plus they suggest that irrespective of the declared delays, the passengers anyway come to the gate one hour prior to the original departure time, because \"things change quickly\". All in all, beware Spirit Airline. Their affordability is imaginary. On the top of the money you pay, you also pay with your time, nerves, confidence, and patience."
"Needless to say you get what you pay for. The fare was cheap and so was the service. The agents at the desk were less than accommodating. We were set to leave Las Vegas, our plane was delayed several times, no fault of own. We arrived the hour and a half early only to be told we missed check in. We were not able to check in on line or through kiosk. Needless to say we missed our flight, spending more money on flights. Of course through another airline. I was warned about hidden fees and bad customer service. Will take heed next time. Would not recommend this airline to anyone!"
"I started from Houston, and stopped at Los Vegas to fly to Los Angeles. The woman who was in charge of checking ticket at the boarding gate stopped me and told me that my luggage was too big. While the luggage was indeed about less than 0.5 centimeter higher, some people whose luggage larger than mine walked in without being charged. I was a bit hesitated since the that would cost me an extra 100 dollars and the ticket that Google bought for me for my trip was around 70 dollars. So I tried to contact my college who arranged the trip for me to see if there was any way he could help. However, the staff at the boarding gate come to me and said, \"There is 5 minutes before the plane leaves, and the only options is to throw your luggage to the trash.\" I take this as extremely impolite and I think I own a apologize. I would like to follow the rule set up by Spirit since this is social standard, but maybe the staff should follow his ethnic standard of good manner as well. I have to say I am extremely disappointed of the service."
"Bought tickets in July through Kayak, paid $124 with credit card, received confirmation and itinerary: Flight 116 to DFW Sept 8, return Sept 10 flight 719. Arrived 2 hours before flight and gave papers to agent. She took one look, tossed them back saying, \"There's no reservation number.\" No information about who to call or where to find the number she wanted. Tried to call Kayak but no help. Offered to pay for the tickets again and was told they would be $396. Asked for supervisor, was told none was available. Finally agreed to pay $396 but was told the gate closed in 10 minutes and I couldn't make the flight. Spirit but no phone contact, only email. Several emails but only reply was \"send us the number\". Wrote letter explaining problems to CEO. Got a flippant email from Customer Relations a month later, basically asking \"what's the problem\"."
"I have plenty of time to write a review as I stand in my 3rd line for Spirit Airlines check in. Unfortunately my bag was 7 lbs overweight and the bag check girl is unable to take payment for the fee. As I stand in the regular check in line I hear the grumbling of all the people in front of me that are going to miss their flights. I have been in line for 30 minutes and moved 7 feet. Customer service is extremely lacking and with all of the extra fees to fly Spirit, I won't be doing it again, ever!!"
"No curbside bag check in, so I had to head upstairs to the Spirit Airlines ticket counter even though I had my boarding passes already and stand in line to check 1 bag. By the time I got up to the counter, I was told that I missed the flight, even though there was 30 minutes until departure, others in line missed the flight too. I wasn't even given the choice to get to the gate and hand them my 1 bag to add to the flight. Instead, I was told to get in yet another line, only to be told there are no other flights out today to LAX and that's it. No other assistance was given. Horrible customer service, counter rep wasn't very nice and certainly not accommodating. I called American and they got me on a flight the next morning. I guess it was too much trouble for Spirit to do that!"
"Spirit Airlines has a lot of extra costs that when added result in a much higher price than others such us American or Delta. Spirit adds several extra fees for things like bags (including carryons), seats and even snacks not only on national but also international flights. Customer service is terrible. I recently had a bad experience with the La Guardia Airport staff. One of my bags was missing and the employees at that airport were rude and extremely unprofessional."
"You literally have to pay for everything. I was charged a $10 fee to print out my boarding pass. The fee to check your carry on bag is $55, and checked bag is $50. If you wait to check your bag at the gate you will be charged $100. The fess are ridiculous and outrageous. Although flights are cheap, you end up spending more money in fees. Spirit will not see another dollar from me."
"Absolutely terrible and inconsistent baggage policy. I flew Spirit Airlines several times prior with no issue about the size of my carry on, and on my flight from Phoenix I, as several others were forced to check our bags and pay an extra fee. Why was this policy not enforced on prior flights and only on this one. I had some sensitive equipment packed and due to the handling of the bag the equipment was damaged. You truly get what you don't pay for and that is quality and services."
"Flew with Spirit before to Ft. L and had no problems. Understood the bag charges etc. Second time flying had a 4 hour delay waiting to go to Myrtle Beach and promised voucher $50 for delay. The day before our return flight from M Beach, I want online to print our tickets. They were canceled but flight was on time. I called and was informed in fact my tickets were cancelled with no explanation. No offers to help. Called back again in less than 20 minutes. Was told they notified me June 30th of cancellation. They promised the entire round trip would be reimbursed. I was forced to rent a car and drive 14 hours to PA. had to work on Friday. I checked my credit card and found no adjustment by Spirit as promised. I called Spirit today explaining we were never given voucher or refund. The vouchers were provided but they said we failed to show up for return flight so there is no refund I gave her the exact time of calls I made to them the day before to try to get my ticket and was told there was no room on plane. They have no record of their response and claim it was my fault for not showing."
"This is the second time I flew with Spirit Airlines. They are always late and not by just a few minutes. You think you are getting a deal until you find out about their outrageous charges. You have to pay $55 for a carry on luggage and $50 for checking luggage. None of the seats recline. We all know about leg room these days on any airlines. I will not purchase or use this airline in the future. If I could put a minus number I would to rate this airline."
"Terrible service, both at the counter and on the plane. Never told me I had to recheck my bags when I transfered and was very rude about the whole situation. Ended up not getting my bags and had to pick them up myself the next day. The people that are hired at these counters are terrible human beings."
"Costa Rica to Ft Lauderdale via Tampa with Spirit Airlines. First the engine failed when leaving Costa Rica causing a 1 hour delay. Then we get into Ft Lauderdale and have another 4 hours until our flight takes off. Now the flight attendant didn't show up and we are delayed another 90 minutes! Never again will I fly Spirit Airlines."
"My flights were all on time and no luggage was lost. So, that was good. The staff were well prepared and courteous. My problem was with checking in online. Somehow my password and sign in were not processed accurately therefore, I was unable to check in and was charged $10 just to have my boarding pass printed. Also, I think the baggage charges are ridiculous as are the food charges on the plane. I felt that I was nickle and dimed from the very beginning. I will think twice before I fly again, especially with Spirit."
"I was flying Spirit Airlines from Las Vegas to Fort Lauderdale for my honeymoon after getting married. When we arrived at the gate our flight had been cancelled, no explanation given, the only flight offered was 5pm the next day, our cruise sails at 4.15pm. We had to pay $3000 to get flights but they were flying from Los Angeles, so had to hire a mini bus driving through the night to get there - needless to say we still didn't manage to get to the cruise on time, so now when I think about my wedding, I don't think of what a lovely day we all had, I think of the disaster after, all caused by Spirit Airlines."
"Poor customer service. I booked a Spirit Airlines round trip from Chicago to Atlanta between Oct 2nd and Oct 5th. When I tried to do a web check in for my return flight I was surprised to learn that my ticket had been cancelled since I was a no show for the outbound on Oct 2nd, though I had taken the flight and was on seat 26F. When I asked them what they could do to alleviate my inconvenience, they said nothing can be done since I am not showing up on the system and they would see if they could give me a return ticket without charging me extra. The most ridiculous thing after I had to drive 100 miles round trip."
"Worst travel experience as far as I can remember. Booked a Spirit Airlines flight from LGA to FLL, arrived at the airport early then Spirit kept on pushing back the departure time endlessly without explanation, we waited at the airport for 5 hours to find out the flight was cancelled! We were forced to look for an alternative flight (with another airline) on our own, all of our travel plans were ruined due to not being able to get to FLL that same day."
"We were delayed three hours in Detroit when the Spirit Airlines plane had electrical problems. They finally got us a new plane and got us off the ground before the crew timed out. The customer service rep at the gate ensured the passengers that we were getting $50 towards our next flight, to be used in the next six weeks. Perfect, I was planning a trip to Phoenix, anyway. The $50 never showed up on our accounts and I cannot for the life of me get a real human on the phone in order to square up. The Spirit Airlines flight crew was also very unprofessional in how they spoke. We are paying customers, not your sorority sisters."
"The price of the flight was low compared to other airlines. However beware hidden fees - I had to pay $104 for two bags, the weight of the bags are 40 lbs as opposed to 50 lbs. I had to pay for my seats. So when comparing to other airlines I would have made out better flying another airline. I will never fly Spirit again. No complimentary anything. No reclining seats. Wow is all I can say for an unpleasant trip. I flew back on United and had a wonderful experience compared to Spirit Airlines."
"Flew Spirit for the first time today. $50.00 per checked bag and $55.00 for a carryin. Less than polite desk clerks. No water during a 6 hour flight while flight attendants had bottled water and food and little to do except to ask for more money by hawking credit cards. Cancelled one ticket of three and there was no empty seat next to us on the plane and a minuscule \"refund\". If seat was resold we should have been given a full refund. We won't be flying Spirit Airlines again."
"The initial reason I purchased tickets with Spirit Airlines for my Boston to Tampa flight is because they offered fairly inexpensive flights. However I feel duped - Spirit charged us $50 for a checked bag and $55 for a carry-on!! If I had realised they were going to sneak in fees I would have purchased a more expensive flight without a stop! I'm sure the fees were in the fine print somewhere, however because one carry-on allowance is common practice, I feel they should have had a huge disclaimer before I purchased the flight. They didn't offer complimentary beverages on a three hour flight and they had the smallest leg room I have ever experienced! Cheap or not, I will not fly Spirit Airlines again!"
"Our Spirit Airlines flight to Vegas was wonderful, except the seats are old and kind of uncomfortable, but take off and landing were flawless you barely felt the landing. Our flight back to Latrobe was different and instead of a smooth acceleration to take off, it was like the pilot had got on the runway than gunned it and we slammed hard on the landing and than the pilot slammed on the brakes forcing all of the passengers to brace themselves on the seat in front of them. I have flown numerous times in the past and have never had a pilot with such \"jerky\" control on take off and landing."
"Pros of Spirit Airlines : flight on time; security was friendly; pilot updated passengers of any issues, reasons for any waiting, and specific views out the window. Cons: dirty plane; junk in seat pockets; food and other stuff smeared on seat-backs, on seats, and on hardware between seats (this was noted throughout the plane and not just with my seat); bathrooms were visibly dirty, no tray tables in first class; mostly concerned with cleanliness of plane. Suggestions: simply, clean the plane. I understand the lure of this airline being less expensive, not offering complimentary food/drinks, and not offering wi-if, but there is no excuse for not cleaning the plane. I am not sure why the flight attendants don't clean the plane in between flights. This was my second use of Spirit Airlines and none of the 3 planes were satisfactorily clean. Unfortunately, not flying Spirit Airlines again; however I will check back with reviews to see if the cleanliness issue has been addressed."
"After trying to check in for my Spirit Airlines flight, I found out that they charge 50 dollars for a checked bag - I asked the young lady at the counter and she said that's just the way it is - very rude. In the meantime another gentleman asked why he couldn't get checked in, and the same lady said you're 6 minutes too late, you'll have to find another flight. First and last time flying Spirit Airlines."
"I never wrote a review for anything before but Spirit Airlines is just heartless and irrational. I flew once with them a year ago because it was a little cheaper then my next choice but you have to sign up for their \"fair club\" in order to get the better deal. Today I wake up and see that they've charged me $70 on my debt card. I guess you have to cancel the \"fair club\" membership and I didn't, but they just charged me less then 12 hours ago and I haven't used it so you'd think they would do me a solid and refund me the money - no! I went through 3 \"supervisors\" before I gave up trying to have a real conversation with these people. They just kept reading off their scripts and basically telling me they couldn't do anything. Well I hope they like my 70 dollars, I will never use Spirit Airlines again - there's a wrong way to do business, and that's the way Spirit does it."
"Spirit Airlines is the most terrible airline. They delayed our flight because the aircraft didn't pass inspection so we had to wait for a replacement. When the replacement arrived it was a smaller craft so they said they went from a 175 passenger plane to a 145 so about 25-30 of us would not be able to get on. It took them aver 2 hours so figure out seating and who would be getting on and who would not. They went by a Sequence # on the ticket that was not explained how they got it and some couples might be split. After 3 hours we are finally told we are not boarding and they place us in a hotel overnight and get us on the next flight out the following morning with a stop even though we booked non stop. They were not willing to accommodate us in a different airline, they said they don't work that way. They gave us a free round trip flight to anywhere Spirit travels, however we still would have to pay the taxes and other airport fees. Doesn't stop there, our flight had a 5 hour layover in Denver. They tell us last minute that there will be a delay for weather conditions in LA due to high winds. As we sat there we noticed that 4 other airlines were still leaving to LA at the same time and continued for the next hour. Over ten people began to complain and a supervisor came out to say she would check on it, about 20 minutes later they said everything was clear and the flight would be leaving shortly. The price is cheap and that is what you pay for, a cheap customer service, a cheap aircraft, cheap communication and a big headache!"
"In BWI when we asked if the Spirit Airlines check in desk was open her response was \"unfortunately\" - and she just got ruder from there. We got to pay extra for our bag. Then I spent the entire flight with some stranger's knees bruising my kidneys from the seat behind me. Today checking in, the women point blank refused to help us, stating if she had to do her job and we needed to give her another ten bucks."
"This was the worst flying experience I've had. Spirit Airlines low cost fares ending up costing me more than a regular price ticket by the time I added baggage, seat, and even snacks! However, my real complaint is the delayed flight on my return trip home. My scheduled 1:55 pm flight departure turned into a 6:30 pm depature and 8:35'ish arrival in to ATL. The email notifications aren't timely at all! So, I spent my whole day waiting to return home after a luxurious weekend in Tampa. This was a huge disappoint for me and ended up not being as economical as I'd planned."
"Terrible experience with Spirit Airlines. Airline posted 3 hour delay hours before scheduled flight but insisted that passangers must be at the gate at the scheduled time. Atfer hours of waiting the flight was cancelled. No compensation for round trip transportation or hotel. Obscene fees for carry-on luggage. Crowded seating. No cheap fare is worth it. Most likely will never fly Spirit again."
"Our flight was scheduled to leave at 4:20pm. They pushed departure time to 9:50pm. It is currently 6:10pm and have informed us that we will be put in hotels in Ft Lauderdale when (if) we arrive. Hotel we are assigned is 30 minutes from FLL airport with awful reviews. We have asked if we will get any food this evening and have been told that they don't provide food or refreshments until after 4 hours delay. All shops have closed up for the evening. Gate agents are rude. Spirit Airlines needs to be shut down."
"Thursday Sept 17, arrived two hours early for a 12:55 pm departure. Flight kept getting pushed back every couple hours. The attendant at the boarding desk could not tell us the reason for the delay. After the 3rd time change she said the situation had been resolved and the flight was on its way; wrong. The flight was pushed back again, (this attendant was extremely rude and uninterested in what any of the frustrated customers had to say; she even got on the intercom threatening to call security). At this time she got on the intercom to make the announcement; not one minute later the schedule boards changed again to reflect yet another bump, now for 11:01 pm departure. Since I had exhausted my airport pick-up resources in Dallas I went back to check-in to reschedule for today. I kept checking that flight and it didn't leave until past 1 am the next day. Today, I once again arrived two hours early for a 12:55 departure; it's already been bumped to 3:07."
"La Guardia to Fort Lauderdale via Miami with Spirit Airlines. I get to the terminal to get my boarding pass. Then they tell me that my carry on luggage is $55, thinking it should be free since I paid a $300 ticket for a 2.30 hour flight. Then, I pass security and when I get to the designated gate, they tell me it is the wrong one and that I have to go through security all over again. I thought it would be a cheap flight to Miami but it turns out that it costs more to fly with Spirit Airlines than with any other airline I have been on."
"As we sit in the airport being delayed, Spirit Airlines did not have the courtesy to tell us how long we would be delayed. We were told that the plane would now leave at 7:50pm which is 1 our late, but according to Spirit Airlines site it won't even arrive in Portland until 8:05pm. Just a modicum of honesty would be nice and perhaps a free flight, but with that said I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. The sentiment is shared with everyone around me."
"Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale return with Spirit Airlines, and the outward flight to Florida was \"cozy\" as they advertise. We were on an older plane and had to have everything out and ready to go once we were seated as there is no room to reach for your bag under the seat in front. This was not so bad, it was only a 2.5 hr flight. The flight home was the reason for this review. We were on a newer plane and the seats had no recline and little if any cushioning. It was as if we were sitting on a folding chair for 2.5 hrs with no wiggle room. I was seriously wondering why I had never thought about buying a seat cushion or neck pillow. I wondered if I was just imagining this discomfort so I talked to fellow passengers nearby and all agreed it was a most uncomfortable flight. It seemed that once we landed people were running off that plane! The next day I emailed a letter of complaint and Spirit Airlines replied : \"we like cozy - here is a link explaining how to upgrade for more leg room next time.\" I can assure you if I am going to spend the money to upgrade for more leg room, it will be on a plane that I know for a fact has comfortable seats,"
"They charged $100 because I had a purse that I always bring on Spirit. Flew Chicago to Minneapolis and they randomly selected about 5 of us and made us pay $100 to enter the plane because we had a backpack and a small purse that would fit under our seat. They were rude and just trying to make money off customers. It was just luck of the draw for the people selected to be forced to pay. Also always delayed for some reason or another. Lost me as a customer for good. Don't fly Spirit. An extra $50 for a better airline is worth it."
"Spirit Airlines flights delayed at least an hour. Seats are so close together, you're almost touching the person next to you. If you're with someone, you can either choose the \"free random seating option\", which means you won't be sitting with the person you're flying with, so you have to pay for each seat to be together. And in the end, with all the extra charges they end up getting you for, you basically end up paying for a second ticket. Flown Spirit Airlines twice because I had no other option, and horrible both times."
"The flight was canceled 3 hours prior the flight. So when we tried to ask of alternative options, the only option they could give us was the next day flight, but we needed to flight the previous day. All they were saying was that nothing could be done, which I do not believe. I will never buy ticket for Spirit Airlines again."
"Spirit Airlines from Fort Lauderdale to Dallas/Ft Worth on September 9h. I decided to write review because I never before experienced such unprofessional and loud flight attendant behavior. I have traveled a lot in Europe and US, and yesterday I was amazed with the flight attendants attitude After loud discussion between themselves about some food/beverage issues, they were laughing out loud and having private discussions in the front of airplane. Only one flight attendant was on the back of airplane helping other customers. After an hour of listening and watching this circus I get so tired that I needed to put headphones on and listen music in order to escape this compulsory view. I will never choose Spirit Airlines again."
"I thought Spirit Airlines was cheaper but end up with an additional hiding charge of $110 for carry on bag. I called for cancel and they want to charge me $130 for the fee and refund remaining money by credit voucher. They said that is their policy and they cannot do differently. If you are thinking to fly Spirit Airlines, think twice before booking with the worst airline that I have experienced."
"I flew Spirit Airlines from Los Angeles to Kansas City for the first time to save money and had the worst experience returning home from my trip. The flight was supposed to take off at 1.10. We boarded and then were taken off the plane so they could work on one of the tyres. They delayed us 7.5 hours. We were scheduled to take off at 8.30. Around 8pm they cancelled the flight altogether. We then dealt with their ticketing counter and I waited in a 3.5 hour line to get a flight rebooked the next day. I will never travel with Spirit again."
"Spirit Airlines fares may be low cost, but you will pay for everything else, including seat selection and carryon bags. And if you are tall, you are in trouble, as there is no space between seats. With five of us traveling, we paid over USD 400 additional for luggage alone (checked and carryon) for departure and return flights."
"I flew Spirit Airlines for the first time to save money and had the worst experience returning home from my trip. The flight was supposed to take off at 1:10. We boarded and then were taken off the plane so they could work on one of the tires. They delayed us 7.5 hours! We were scheduled to take off at 8:30. Around 8PM they cancelled the flight altogether. We then dealt with their ticketing counter and I waited in a 3.5 hour line to get a flight rebooked the next day. I will never travel with Spirit Airlines again."
"Worst flight, delayed two hours to clean plane, was told I would be able to connect. Missed Spirit Airlines flight and stranded in Chicago. Had to purchase flight from another airline. Spirit Airlines has not given a refund. Worst customer service, do not care for their clients."
"I flew with Spirit 3 days ago, it was supposed to be a good flight from Las Vegas to Los Angeles. From the beginning it evolved into a complete disaster! First I got charged to join a membership for one year in order to have a $9 discount on my checked bags : the charge is about $60. Be careful if you subscribe because on the website they hide the fact that you have to pay for the membership. After checking in, where I have been told my carry-on was fine to be free, i went to the gate and surprise, I got charged $100 because my carry-on couldn't fit for about 1/3 inch. Unfortunately was not the end of the nightmare. The flight was delayed for about 40 minutes and I missed my next flight to Sydney. Result : a discomfort, a loss of money and a very big disappointment. At the end, I spent more money on charges and phone calls than for my flight."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from Latrobe to Orlando. After being delayed for 2 hours for an originally 5.20 flight, the flight was cancelled due to the plane not being able to leave Orlando due to a thunderstorm. Meanwhile, many other airlines were still able to fly. When we asked the people at the counter why they'd would not be sending a plane even though the thunderstorm had subsided, we were told there was only one crew and they could only work for so long. We were given the option to fly the same time the next day, which was not an option being we only had 3 days to spend. Many people were counting on getting to Orlando for their cruise or Disney tickets. They would only refund us for the flight. We ended up having to spend hundreds more to book a flight in another airport with another airline to get to our destination on time. I am a frequent flyer and have never experienced such inconsideration for customers before. I will never fly this airline ever again."
"This was our second time booking Spirit Airlines, and I will never do so again. First time was October 2014. Flight to destination was fine, but flight from destination was delayed multiple hours. They claimed it was weather related, but many other airlines were still taking off for our home destination. We arrived home, albeit after 2 am, but relatively unscathed. We booked the big comfy seat-- this was the only way to fly this airline, because otherwise you are crammed into the tightest seats, and the seats do not recline. We decided to book Spirit again this September 2015 for a flight to Vegas, again in Big Comfy seat. Flight there was uneventful, except for some off color comments from the flight crew regarding other passengers out of earshot. Our flight home was cancelled within 5 hours of departure. They claimed it was due to mechanical failure. Our options were to leave 3 hours later than planned, take an 8 hour layover in Dallas, and arrive home a full 14 hours after take off - with zero hotel or dining credit, and we'd lose our large seats. I told the agent I am pregnant, and this was not an option. The only other option she gave was a refund to find another airline flight home. We took this option, and ended up spending $500 more on our return flight than planned. When I asked for a refund above my ticket price for the inconvenience, I was told that was not possible. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again - the reduced fare is not worth the risk you take each flight of being delayed or cancelled altogether, and left in a jam."
"I arrived at the airport only to find out my Spirit Airlines flight from Denver to Detroit was delayed by 1 hour and 48 minutes. I also noticed that all of Spirit's flights were delayed. It didn't matter about departing or arriving. The last time I flew in March I was delayed almost 2 hours for a tyre change and the front bathroom was out of order. No one even checked to see about fixing it during the delay. I will not be flying with them in the future."
"This would have been my first experience flying on Spirit. However, the night before my flight, I was sent to the ER unexpectedly. I expected that I would not be refunded for the outbound flight, but when I called to change the date of the return flight, I was told by a very unfriendly agent that both flights were automatically cancelled. I will never fly with this airline, despite the low fares. I would give this review a \"0\" but it is not allowed."
"Spirit Airlines flight from Atlanta to Chicago. Although the price appeared to be lower, by the time I added luggage, which required me to sign up to Spirit Airlines, and all the other options they kept asking me to buy, I would rather pay a higher price to fly. Spirit Airlines was the most frustrating customer service I have experienced. Their website is very confusing, with constant reminders of what you need to buy (which most of the items appear to be a pressure sales tactic - be careful). I have flown many airlines and have never been so frustrated with customer service and hidden cost. Just be aware of the fine print and all the issues other customers have listed, they appear to be real issues with Spirit Airlines."
"Well. I knew from reading the reviews that this flight was most likely not going to be enjoyable. Spirit Airlines proved me right. Delays. Delays. Delays. Both of my round trip flights were delayed at least 3 hours each. When I went to check in, the kiosk / check in desk had a sign up that read \"Check in will not begin till 4.15pm.\" I had gotten to the airport at 2 so I had plenty of time to get to my flight. Well, because of no one being at the check in desk, I had an hour and a half to check in, get through security, find my terminal and find my gate. Lucky for me it was delayed, of course. The first delay was due to the piolet being late. The second was for computer issues. The staff were nice and the flight wasn't too uncomfortable. Food was expensive and I paid $80 for 1 checked bag that weighed 21lbs. Never flying with Spirit Airlines again. You save on the flight but you end up paying more in the long run on bags and other fees."
"I've flown with Spirit Airlines many times during the last several months, and on no single occasion did I encounter the complete breach of trust and lack of professionalism than I did today (8/24/15). After purchasing a ticket and confirming my seat, at least a few weeks prior to my flight, I arrived at the airport to complete one part of my travels (DTW-IAH, Flight 939). I chose the early flight to IAH as I was scheduled to assist my daughter with moving into campus housing. The evening prior to the flight I received a call and from Spirit indicating that the scheduled plane was being downsized and that they were seeking volunteers to offer their seats in exchange for an updated flight and a roundtrip ticket to any supported destination. I contacted them to confirm that I wanted to keep my scheduled flight. The Rep assured me that no change would be made to my reservation. I arrived at DTW and upon arriving at the gate (D12), 40 minutes prior to departure, I waited next to the Gate Desk to provide staff with my boarding pass. After several minutes Gate Agents began to call the names of several passengers, informing them that they could board. I again waited for a few minutes, then asked if I could board, to which the Gate Agent responded by indicating that my Check-In Number was ###. It was at this point that I asked her to explain what that means and she stated that passengers were being confirmed for travel based on the order that they Checked-In, without regard to Confirmed Ticket Purchase/Seat Confirmation. While I don't take issue with the fact that flights are often altered, downsized, cancelled etc.. I do take issue with the fact that Spirit Airlines accepted payment for the flight, premium seat and took possession of my luggage, then violated our agreement by giving my seat to another passenger without my consent and refused to allow me to board."
"I will never fly with this airline again, I had a terrible experience with every aspect of the airline, unnecessary fees that you don't really need to pay, rude and unprofessional customer service. They say to you pay in advance and you'll be able to drop your luggage and go but that's not true, you will be standing in a long line waiting just to tag your bag. I paid for my bag online in advance because online it states that I will be charged extra if I do not, when I finally got through my bag could not be checked. After speaking with several people and almost missing my flight it was finally checked at the gate but not before security took all of my items out of my checked bag. I do not recommended this airline, yes the prices are low but so is the quality."
"Spirit Airlines may offer rates a little lower than it's competition, but you will end up paying for it. I got a notice stating that my flight from Baltimore to St. Thomas, VI was potentially cancelled due to a hurricane and they offered to change it for free. Once I changed the flight, I received a notice of confirmation of my new itinerary. However, when the storm turned south and my flight was not cancelled, they refused to honor the change and insisted that I buy a new ticket for $400. Spirit never had any intention of re-scheduling my flight and after numerous calls to the (outsourced) HR department, Spirit refused to grant me a refund."
"When I was searching flights between NYC and Oakland, CA, Spirit was the least expensive flight I could find but the many problems I faced made this a more expensive flight than direct flights! The website did not disclose how many stops there would be to and from my destination. The stops were disclosed (NYC/Detroit/Vegas) when I paid for the tickets - I did not read the entire 4 page print out of my ticket at the time but found out the night before the trip that I would have to pay $100 for my first checked-in luggage if I don't check-in online. You will pay for your carry on (besides a purse, briefcase or a small backpack). When attempting to check-in online, the website will give you the option to sign up for membership for $9 so that you pay less for your luggages/seats. However, when you try to pay, the bill is for $69. I declined because the savings would not justify the charge for membership. Besides by this time, I felt so taken advantage of that I did not want to be a member anyhow. They charged me for a middle seat (never had to this before). The seats were tight and did not recline (new experience). They charge you $3 for a drink, no movie/radio stations. Overall I paid more for this flight than a direct flight where I could've watched a movie on my reclining seat and getting served water/tea/coffee! The flight attendants were nice (probably because they did not really have to do anything!) and no issues with take-off or landing! I don't usually fill out the surveys unless the experience is exceptionally good or bad; and this was bad."
"Flew to Dallas for football game on Southwest and returned to LAS on Spirit. Bad choice. The flight back to Las Vegas was on time but the gate personnel at DFW were very unprofessional even in their boarding announcements. Once on the plane, discovered an extremely disorderly individual traveling with a group of about 5 others. The individual would not sit down would not listen to instruction by the flight crew and yet this man was not removed from the flight. The crew and ground support seemed completely clueless. Upon landing in LAS the disorderly individual got up and was moving about the cabin while the plane was still rolling down the runway - taxiway. I would never fly Spirit again."
"20+ people missed the connecting flight at Houston airport, Texas. They changed gates 3 times. At any point they question how 20+ are missing on a connecting flight. They left and we had to stay overnight, spending in Hotel, Food and Transportation. The customer service staff did not feel they had any fault on this matter and refuse to reinburse us for expenses. I don't understand how an airplane takes off with 20+ passanger missing on that flight and fail to call us."
"The worst airline. The stewardesses were rude, the airplane was old and dirty, the seats very small, they charge you for everything. On the way back the counter was a nightmare and the fight was 2 hours delayded. Terrible."
"Like many of the reviewers, I am not a novice at traveling. This is a good thing and this is probably what \"caught\" me. I have never had to read the fine print to enjoy my flight. Like many, the biggest tip is read the fine print. You will pay for everything. Every piece of luggage, pay for your seat reservation in both directions - if you want to be sure to sit next to your loved one, and even a glass of water. I did not do this so my experience was horrible. No reclining seats, no food and the airline personnel were not friendly. So, what I thought was going to be a cost savings ended up being a bit more then if I had flown an airline that I have more frequently used where I would have been more comfortable and they would have at least given me water and some nuts. I traveled from the U.S. to Colombia so it was not a short trip across the U.S. If you are prepared for all these things and the trip is shorter, then you may be better prepared."
"I have traveled a lot in my life but never had to deal with such a situation. You think Spirit is cheap? You are wrong, it is not. You pay for carry on, checked luggage and extra weight, you pay for a better seat and you pay for your boarding pass if you don't do your homework on line. People who are not computer savvy or who don't have an \"online\" option will have to open their pockets for ridiculous charges at check in. Fees are a lot more expensive at the gate! August 24, 2015 had to fly from Boston to Dallas. Shortly after everyone was on board, the plane hit something on the ground and it had to be fixed. After 40 mins inside the plane we were told to wait outside inside the airport. For the next 6 hours we were told there was a 50/50 chance to leave that day. Some folks gave up and rebooked for the next day, others took a Spirit flight scheduled to go to Vegas and then to Dallas, in total more than a 12 hour trip. At 6pm we were officially told that flight was cancelled and all the 140 passengers rushed to a lower level to reschedule flight. There were 2 (two) people assisting with the crowd and every person took about 20 minutes. The company did not offer any vouchers, hotel or even water! I was just lucky to have my laptop with me and immediately booked a flight on AA for next morning. I asked for a refund and promised to myself never again Spirit. I had to find a room in Boston and pay for a cab. Spirit has no Spirit at all."
"I went to check in the night before to discover that there was ridiculous charges for carry on and check in baggage. Then the next morning found out our flight was delayed 2 hours but went on to the airport to make sure we still had a flight with our connecting flight to DFW. Found out we were going to miss that flight. Got the last two tickets to Chicago then on to Denver. (Did I mention the reason for the trip was our granddaughter was getting married). Now we also were to meet OUR son and his wife in Denver because we had rented a car together for a 2.5 hour drive to Vail. Well guess what, my son couldn't wait 7hrs at the airport for us so we had to rent another car at the last minute. We were supposed to arrive at 5.30 pm and instead arrived at midnight and the had to drive 2.5 hours. Needless to say we will never fly with Spirit again."
"Spirit is the worst! We had booked Spirit through Cheap Caribbean for our honeymoon. We arrived at the airport at 6am for a 8am flight only to find it was already delayed. It was delayed several times until the connecting flight (1pm) left Houston and we hadn't left the ground. We ended up being booked on Delta to Atlanta and onto Cancun. We ended up losing 8 hours of our honeymoon and we arrived with no luggage. That was bad but what is unforgivable is that fact that the airline cancelled our return flight without telling us! When we tried to pick our seats for our return flight (the day before we were to leave) we found out we had no seats. We called customer service who didn't understand our issue, stating we had cancelled the original flight. It took several hours and so much stress! Now we are in a battle with them to acknowledge their mistake. They are terrible."
"On August 18th I was supposed to take Spirit to Las Vegas from Minneapolis, my flight was cancelled - excuse bad weather. On August 21st my flight from Las Vegas to Minneapolis was cancelled. My return trip Friday Aug 21, 2015 from Vegas to Minneapolis was cancelled. No one said sorry, all I got was a refund, everything negative everyone has said about Spirit is true. Spirit ruined my trip with unnecessary stress and anxiety."
"I'm not saving any money flying with Spirit. By the time I add the carry on for a cost of $45 each way the overall price for the ticket is more than other airlines. To top it off, if for some reason I don't check in online they also charge me an extra $10 each way for checking in at the airport? My $80 round trip ticket from Tampa to Atlanta is actually $170 with the \"carry on\". I would never recommend their service to anyone. I'm sure I'm just one of many survey takers saying exactly the same thing about them."
"I was on a flight with Spirit from 8/21-8/23 from Phoenix to Fort Lauderdale with a layover to Dallas. I got to my destination on time, it was the return flight that went badly. First the Airport Monitors told me my flight was in another terminal. I thought to myself no problem and walked over there (short distance from one to the other). I proceeded to sit there during my layover and then at some point I go to look onto the screen and without any notification my flight was moved back to the original terminal. I packed up my belongings and went to the ticket counter to confirm that it was supposed to be in that terminal and they stated that yes it was at Gate H7 and I continued on my way. Then my flight became delayed until 12.00am EST. At this point I go to the gate and asked them what was going on and they stated that the plane from Chicago had bad weather and that's why it was delayed. Some time goes by and I asked them about my connecting flight and they stated to me I would miss my connection and then they told me my options. My two options were get on the next plane Saturday 8/22/15 at 3pm to Atlanta and then to Dallas and then to Phoenix or take a flight on Sunday that would leave at 8pm to Dallas and then to Phoenix. So naturally I take the Saturday option and they were quite rude about it. I get some sleep and proceeded to wait for my flight the next day to Atlanta and the plane was late getting there and then once I got to Dallas low and behold the flight to Phoenix was delayed from you guessed it Fort Lauderdale. I finally got home two days later."
"It's understood that Spirit is an \"ultra low cost\" carrier and one expects the amenities and services appropriate with this level, meaning bare bones. However, the way they handle cancelled flights is mind-boggling as it demonstrates an extraordinary nonchalance and near antagonistic attitude towards consumers at the highest levels in the organization. My flight was cancelled due to weather, which is understandable, but the way it was communicated to customers was nothing short of apathy. I received several via email notifications that the flight would be delayed, the last one claiming a 2am departure time. But when I arrived at the airport, I had to actively question others in line to understand the flight status. After a 30 minute wait to be rebooked, I was told by the counter person I could leave on the next available flight, which was four days later, or I could get a refund. No attempt was made to ameliorate the situation, place me on another airline or apologize for the inconvenience. It really was a \"take it or leave it\" approach to customer service."
"Missed our family's wedding thanks to Spirit Airlines. I booked a flight for the 4 of us to attend a family wedding in Oregon. We checked the status of our flight before driving 4 hours to the airport and everything was on time. Upon arriving in Chicago and checking in and getting to the gate it started raining and our flight was delayed 1 hour. No big deal we thought. Then a little later delayed another hour. Then 3 hours. We patiently waited, I asked the person at the desk and he told me the plane was circling above and waiting to land and then we will board the plane. No problem, I thought. It was now about midnight. A while later they announce that our flight has now been cancelled. The rain was well past us by now to the East. Also found out the same flight was cancelled the night before because of weather also. So after waiting at the ticket counter for 1 hour, we get the choice of a full refund or take the next flight 2 days later. Well, after realizing we are not guaranteed to make the wedding on time, we took the refund and missed our loved ones wedding. We will never fly Spirit again. Very disappointed. We spent 13 hours traveling and sitting around waiting for nothing."
"I am very upset with Spirit Airlines. My mother and I booked a non-stop flight from Detroit to Denver that was supposed to depart at 7am this morning. As we pulled up to the airport we received a call saying that our flight had been canceled. We went inside the airport to figure out what was going on and had to wait in an hour and a half line before we could speak to anyone. They informed us that the pilot was over hours so the flight had to be canceled. Isn't that something that should have been known way before 2 hours until our flight was supposed to depart? To make up for the inconvenience they gave us tickets for another airlines at 1.50, with a 3 hour layover in Chicago and then arrive at Denver at 7pm. I will be spending over 10 hours sitting in the airport today. The Spirit manager was not any help and only gave us a $14 meal comp to make up for the inconvenience. Spirit has nice prices but if this is what their services is like it's not worth it."
"A group of 5 of us recently flew Spirit from Latrobe to Las Vegas. I've flown Spirit airlines many times in the past, so knew what to expect. The rates are lower than other airlines, but they charge you for everything else, bags, drinks, seats, etc. That's no problem for us. We are all young and budget conscious and felt good about traveling with Spirit, until we tried to return home from Las Vegas. We were scheduled to take the red eye back from LAS to Latrobe, PA on a Sunday night. When we got in the cab to leave for our flight 2 hours prior to departure time, we received emails that our flight had been cancelled. We immediately called customer service for more information. It took the customer service rep on the line the entire ride to the airport to pull up my reservation and confirm that yes, our flight had been cancelled. She asked if I would like her to put me on the next available flight, I asked when it was and she asked where I was traveling, after it had taken her 20 minutes to figure out where I was traveling just prior to this. At this point I decided to hang up since we were already in line at the airport and all five us of had separate reservations anyway, thinking it would just be easier to talk to an airline rep in person, but oh was I mistaken. We were the tenth party in the separate line for our cancelled flight. We waited an entire hour to get up to the desk with three airline reps devoted specifically to our line. By the time (9.30pm Vegas time) we finally reached the desk, we were met with no apologies, no empathy, only a scowling staff member. The rep informed us that the soonest we could leave Las Vegas and get back home would be 6am. (Vegas time) and 6pm. (Pittsburgh time) the next day on a different airline. The flight would be returning to Pittsburgh, not Latrobe where we left from and where our cars were. When we asked how we were supposed to get from Pittsburgh to Latrobe, she smirked and shrugged her shoulders. I inquired to why our flight was cancelled to begin with, and was told a bird hit the wing of the airplane, and it could not be repaired. At this point we were defeated, ready to accept any chance we could to return home. We accepted her offer, her $28 worth of cab vouchers for the 5 of us, her $21 food vouchers for each of us, and trudged back to our hotel. The next day, we got to the desk at US Airways, each of us had to pay $25 to check our bags, after already paying Spirit $35 for our bags when we made the reservation. In summary, my previously paid for return home from Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines cost me $20 for a cab, $25 for a bag, a portion of a car rental from Pittsburgh to Latrobe and a day of work."
"I wrote concerning my experience with the flight scheduled to fly me from Dallas to Minneapolis yesterday. I was utterly disappointed because of the delay and eventual cancellation. The flight was scheduled for a 3.37 departure from DFW and got a notice of delay at about 12 noon. There are three other notices of delay for 7.22 pm, 8.05 pm and 8.53 pm. I got to the airport with my spouse around 5 pm and was told by your representative that the flight had been cancelled as a result of bad weather from Philadelphia. \"Though I later found this reason untrue\". However, the representative posted two options to me, to have the booking for another flight or to be refunded. After considering the tension, the embarrassment I will put wife and myself I opted to forgo the journey and take a refund. In fact, the event I am billed to attend must have been over for the next day flight I was offered. For this awful experience, I doubt if I will ever attempt to fly the airline again."
"The return flight was a complete nightmare. Started with delays and staff did not know why. Informed passengers we would have to stay in hotel or fly to first stop get on a bus to our final destination. Landed in Fort Lauderdale and as told by Spirit Airlines go to main customer service counter and they would have meal vouchers and bus vouchers ready. Well nobody gave us vouchers, supervisor was rude and said he could not honor such vouchers and made us wait over two hours and then never came back out to counter. It was unbelievable, we asked other Spirit Airlines reps and they kept saying to wait. I heard other customers complaining as well and vouchers in hand and told they would not honor due to misunderstanding. Some ticket counter agent sent us downstairs to another Spirit Airlines office where supposedly we received bus transportation voucher and we were told to wait outside bus would be there soon. Waited one hour and a no bus. Asked again and nobody could help and we were told go back upstream to ticket counter. In my entire traveling life I had never experienced such horrendous customer service. We decided to rent a car and drive to our final destination Orlando Fl. We will never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"I was traveling to Minneapolis. Our band leader booked Spirit because it was the cheapest option. From the moment we arrived we realized it was a bad idea. First, You have to check in and create a profile on their stupid website just to not be charged a fee when you get to the airport for a boarding pass. Then, they charge for any carry on bags whatsoever. Our first flight to Minneapolis was delayed over an hour. All refreshments have to be paid for. Then the morning we were supposed to head back home. We kept getting notices that our flight was delayed, it started around an hour until a flight that was supposed to leave around 6pm wasn't going to leave until midnight. Then, the flight was finally cancelled with no explanation whatsoever. We spent the whole day trying to call and get answers but no one could tell us anything. Finally we had to go all the way to the airport to get some answers. All they could tell us was that the flight was cancelled due to \"circumstances beyond their control\", and the only flight they could now put us on wouldn't leave until Sunday. This was a flight that supposed to leave on Friday night. Luckily, my friends had already called ahead and booked whatever flight they could that was left on Saturday, but that flight wouldn't get us to our destination until midnight on Saturday. They offered us nothing for our troubles, the only thing they ended up giving us was a voucher for half off a hotel. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"When I arrived at the gate it showed the 2 hour delay. When I asked, they said it was due to bad weather in Baltimore, that's what they said the day before blaming Baltimore then Houston, when I flew into Denver. They kept pushing the departure back and back blaming the weather. I looked on the radar no bad weather anywhere. It may have been raining but nothing bad. They said that they could not refund me or switch me to another carrier. Three and a half hours later they offered a refund but by that time there was no available flights."
"I booked a flight out of Houston approximately a month and a half in advance to Detroit. I paid all the costs for baggage online, printed my boarding pass, and checked in online. Well I spent 10 hours in the airport enduring one delayed flight after the next. After a while I stopped receiving the flight status updates on my emails. Long story short they canceled my flight around midnight with no flights available for Detroit until the following night. I financially could not afford to book a last minute flight on another airline. I was directed to the airlines agent counter where I stood in a long line for about an hour and a half to painfully learn I would not attend my important event after all. Bare fare, low ticket prices, but other ways to recoup the money by charging for baggage, seating, boarding passes, water. Someone told me what do you expect from a low class flight. I will never fly with Spirit again, it's not worth it to me."
"This is by far the worst airplane experience I have had. There's a limit to how much you get to skimp on convenience because Spirit is cheaper. Our flight was delayed 3 hours and not once did anyone update us on the status. When customer service was contacted, they weren't apologetic and their attempt to \"accommodate our needs\" was in the form of a refund. I will never again fly Spirit."
"Does not matter which flight we book, almost always late. Now looking for other options because the other day our flight was suppose to leave at about 1.45 and arrived around 4pm, instead left around 4pm so did not land until about 6pm so there goes the business meeting that was suppose to take place at 5pm. Not sure what can be done about this but something should. Low fares do not matter if you can not get there on time might as well take the more expensive flight and get there on time. As far as being cheap flight you have to pay all extras so really not a deal."
"I had never flown Spirit but needed a last minute flight. I literally booked and then checked in. Upon check in I was required to pay $45 for a carry-on bag. When I got to the airport the gate agent was telling people that if your bag fit under the seat you did not have to pay. When I asked him about this he told me to take a picture and request a refund. I was just notified by email, as there is no way to actually speak with anyone at Spirit, that my request was denied, that they advertise the sizes of personal items. Their website does not have this info, nor was I offered a cheaper baggage fee upon booking. Bare bones is their tagline, and this could not be truer. The seats do not recline, they are actually proud of the fact that they can cram more people in and keep fares low. The poor people asking for water were told it was $4. I will never fly this airline again."
"After we landing at Detroit, we were being told our connecting flight to New York La Guardia had been cancelled due to the weather condition. we checked the weather was partly cloudy, as regular condition. They said the next available flight would be on Saturday which was two days later. Spirit Airlines won't provide any hotel and transportation according to company policy. It's impossible that all other airlines can fly and land La Guardia but Spirit Airlines. Spirit Airlines found every possible way to make money from the customer. Such as check bag, they charge carry on luggage. if you prepay online before check in, $26, pay at online check in $31, pay at the airport counter check in, $55, if you don't pay at counter, when you get to the gate, pay $100."
"I really wish I can give this airline a 0/10, but I guess Skytrax is too nice for that. I saw the reviews, and even though they all looked terrible, but I thought that maybe I should give this airline a chance. Not only did I end up paying as much as I could have paid for better airlines, I ended up having to book another flight with Delta in the end. Not only were several of my scheduled flights were delayed, but when my flight from Minneapolis to Chicago was delayed twice (once before I even arrived at the airport and when I was on the plane) my flight to Baltimore left an hour before we even landed. Me and a plethora of passengers were kicked out of the gate, sent to the ticket booth, and had to stand in front of a group of clerks who either did very little to get us on a plane that day or gave us sass while we waited for three hours to book a trip. There were families that couldn't get on a flight until the next day - or maybe three days. Me and one couple were lucky enough to get on a plane that day thanks to the one manager who tried, but he also said that I would get a refund for both my bags and flight, but that never happened."
"I booked a round trip flight from Baltimore to San Juan and back. But I never got back. In fact, I write this review from a two-star hotel in San Juan, because I'm stuck here with no flights back until Friday. Today is Tuesday. Allegedly, the plane was hit by a bird and they claim that the plane was inoperable, although we spoke with the representatives and we haven't yet confirmed this. I had less of a problem about this, and more about the fact that they only had one Spirit plane on the entire earth leaving SJ arriving anywhere in Florida on that particular day. At least our money was refunded, right? Just enough money to survive four more nights here. The flight itself was only a bit better than the flight cancellation. Do not fly if you want complete movement in your limbs afterward. The seats don't recline. Overall, I guess the value for the money was worth it, seeing as how we never boarded for a return flight. So, if you like giving people your money for a couple days for no reason at all, this \"airline\" is for you."
"Original flight to leave Atlanta at 9 am, Sunday, 8/2. Arrived 2 hrs early to be told, \"you won't make connecting flight, so next flight is tomorrow (8/3) at 6 pm leaving for Dallas\". Left and returned on 8/3 and arrived in Dallas at 10 pm, to be told, \"flight to Cabo leaves tomorrow, Tuesday (8/4) at 7 am\". No offer for Hotel stay or food voucher. We arrived in Cabo on Tuesday (instead of Sunday) at noon. On 8/9 arrived at Cabo airport 3 hours early to depart at 9:30 am, and was told flight delayed 6 hours to Dallas. Made it to Dallas, then to Atlanta around 11 pm, but checked baggage didn't arrive with us. The Spirit baggage office was closed (closes at 7 pm) while United and Delta were still open. Next day, couldn't get an answer on the phone, so went to Airport and bags were in baggage office. Somehow they went to Fort Lauderdale, then back to Atlanta."
"Second time to fly Spirit and will be the last. Thought the first flight and its delays were isolated but they were not. After 4 delays our flight was cancelled so late in the day there were no other options for flights. The plane was full, there was no room for next day flight home. Our only option was to drive all night to get back to DFW. They offered a flight voucher for future flights or only a partial refund. No thanks, I'll take my chances driving back to Texas. Terrible customer service."
"I fly DEN to DFW monthly and used Spirit once a year ago and swore never to use them again but someone else booked my flight and sure enough, disastrous. Firstly, I signed up for flight status emails and never received one. Secondly, they wait until it was almost boarding time to tell us our flight was delayed and thirdly, after waiting 3 hours they cancel the flight and send us to the ticket counter for a two hour long wait to rebook on another airline for the next day. Guess what they offered for our trouble - a $7 food voucher for the airport."
"Flight from Lima was delayed until after midnight. The staff in Lima were less than helpful and refused to provide any information about the confusion of connecting flights. Without being given any options they booked me on a flight 13 hrs after I landed in Ft Lauderdale and gave me $7 meal vouchers. What can you buy in an airport for $7? While on the flight, people were asking attendants about connections because it seemed like we might be able to make our flights. While I waited in line for the bathroom, attendants continued to have a conversation about how customers need to just \"let it go\" and that they make an \"already tiring flight so much worse.\" I called customer service from Lima, another complete dead end. Upon arrival in Ft Lauderdale, staff again, less than empathetic and refused any assistance to reduce the trip length, in fact they were more focused on attempting to charge me extra for luggage and take away my water than provide efficient travel options. They took away water at the gate and then charged for water on the plane!"
"Went from ORD-BWI-ORD, both flights went well without indecent but both flights also departed slightly late. The second one was only a few minutes delayed which didn't cause much of an issue but my outbound flight was delayed almost half an hour without any announcements from the staff. It would be nice to know or have announcements about this rather than having to try and find this information yourself when you're at the gate and there are no airline staff to be found."
"Our two daughters (21 and 24) took a trip to the West Coast and booked their return flight on Spirit because it was affordable. They arrived at the airport on a Thursday evening and were told the flight was 30 minutes delayed - no problem. One hour before the delayed take off time of 9.00 pm they were told it was cancelled. No other flights going out that evening and they \"didn't think\" there were any Spirit flights the next day. Refunded their money after they waited in line for an hour and a half to the bankcards that they had purchased them on although they said the \"money may take up to 24 hours before they could actually access it.\" Would not give them hotel accomodations for the evening. No other flights out that night on any other airlines except for first class on another airline that was $1.100 per seat. We searched and booked them seats from home computer for a 6.00 am flight the next morning at $360 per person. Daughters slept in the airport as they needed to be there at 4.30 am for their flight. Thanks, Spirit. Never again."
"Last Sunday they delayed an hour flight from Las Vegas to San Diego four hours in one hour increments, before cancelling at 10pm when no other airline was flying out. Made patrons wait in a line that took an hour to make alternative arrangements, but told half the passengers the wrong line so half the passengers got to start over. They could not arrange flights out before noon the next day. So I rented a car at $145 to drive five hours. I only got a single flight and had to drive for five hours on the return trip."
"Detroit to Dallas last night. First the flight was delayed about 1.5 hours. They said it was because it was delayed leaving Chicago to Atlanta first. Funny thing is my girlfriend used the same flight at the same time the week before and the exact same thing happened, was delayed an 1.5 hours as well. That happens I get it but the cheap flight was not worth it. The flight was packed with kids that were loud, screaming and crying and the parents never did a thing. The minimal cabin is fine, the no drinks or snacks does not matter I get all that for the cheap flight. But the fact that again this flight was late again and we get to Dallas and guess what we wait for a gate to open for us. So are late by an hour and they don't have the gate open so another one of their flights are late as well. The cheap flight to me was not worth the headache. The upside and only upside the flight attendants and staff were very professional and polite even when a passenger does not listen."
"The airport in FLL is also the worst, we had to go thru security three times, and when we arrived at the gate 5 minutes before departure, we didn't make the connection. They rerouted us to Detroit, and then the flight to New Orleans was delayed 2 hours. What was supposed to be a 6 hour trip turned out to be 18 hrs, and what made it worse was that I was traveling with three (3) children. The airline did not care one bit about us, and at the end of the trip, the bags did not show up. They could have put us on another flight but said it was booked."
"I had flown Spirit one other time on business travel and had an unbelievably bad experience, but decided to try one more time on leisure travel when my schedule wasn't as tight. This experience was worse than the first. You will be charged for carry-on, for checked baggage, for choosing a seat (any seat, even a middle seat at the back of the plane incurs an additional charge). You will be asked if you want to pay extra to board early, and then, incredibly, you'll be asked if you want to \"contribute\" extra money for them to purchase green napkins. Our flight was delayed 2 hours. We stood in line for more than an hour to drop off one checked despite having checked in online. Our flight disappeared from all airport monitors entirely so we had no idea if it had been delayed further or cancelled altogether. The attitude of the gate agent summed it all up when she said, \"If I have to charge you for your small carry-on, please don't yell at me. I'm just doing my job\".heir own employees seem to sense how bad the customers have it. You are unlikely to save money with all their nickel-and-diming, you are likely to be delayed, and you are nearly certain to feel like you got even less than what you paid for in terms of value."
"We had a flight scheduled to leave today at 4.25 and when we arrived at O'Hare they had said our flight had been delayed until 5.10. About an hour later it was delayed until 5.35. The employee at the desk told us to come back at about 5.00 to board the plane. We came back at about 4.45 and I overheard a lady talking on the phone saying that she heard the flight had been cancelled but no announcement had been made. About 10 minutes later someone came on the intercom saying that the flight was cancelled along with all of the other Spirit Airlines flights going out of Chicago tonight due to \"weather\". This was clearly a lie because there were blue skies in both Chicago and Minneapolis. We were not able to get another flight until 7.40 pm the next day and they wouldn't give us a hotel room for the night or even cab fare. Also overheard the family in front of us weren't able to get another flight for 3 more days. Would not fly with Spirit again."
"I paid for a flight from Denver International to LaGuardia. Before takeoff we sat on the runway for 1.5 hours awaiting clearance due to weather in Chicago, where we were supposed to have a brief layover. The Spirit Airlines employee at the gate made a crack about Spirit not giving any legroom, and we quickly found it was no joke, what a cramped, ridiculously uncomfortable plane. After arriving at O'Hare (where there were no weather issues), we were told the flight to LaGuardia was cancelled due to weather and another flight wasn't going to be available for 2 days. This info was not readily given to us, we heard a passenger mention it through the grapevine, and the person at the gate had to be harangued to both confirm the rumor and make the announcement to everyone. Spirit Airlines would not put us on a different airline, and refused to give us any help towards finding a place to sleep for 2 days. The clerk who \"helped\" was rude, and although she claimed she would refund my money for the cancelled portion of the trip, the receipt she gave me was a piece of paper that didn't mean anything. In the end I was reimbursed for flight from O'Hare to NY, but not for the first half of the trip. Spirit should be avoided at all costs."
"I chose this flight over a cheaper flight with American Airlines due to the departure time. American Airlines was the carrier with whom I flew into DFW. Despite the atrocious reviews for Spirit and extremely low rating on departure timeliness I chose Spirit, with hopes the ratings were based on a few disgruntled passengers. I made a mistake. Spirit was not only more expensive using only the 'Bare Fare' the flight was delayed by 6 hours, I listened to 40 minutes of flight attendants on duty gossiping. In addition to the gossip there was course language, all while blocking the aisle and not moving for passengers attempting to use the lavatory - unbelievably unprofessional. As I type this on my phone I have waited in excess of 50 minutes for my 1 checked bag that cost $37 in addition to my expensive ticket for a flight time frame I could have taken on a cheaper more enjoyable flight with American Airlines. I will not repeat this mistake. Additionally, I failed to mention the seats were uncomfortable and the bathroom was unclean."
"So here we sit a party of 5, 4 of which are under 18. Spirit announces yet another delay in our flight from Houston to Minneapolis, its been 4 already this morning 8/9/15, now they don't know how long of a wait (were to leave at 8.44, its now 10.20). Guess the old statement, \"you get what you pay for applies with this airline\". Won't be a regular with them, but I doubt they care. Need to remove myself from the \" fare club\" far from being \"fair\" to us consumers. Not happy with service and lack of their public relations. One nice thing I will say, plane was comfortable, loud but comfortable."
"We were delayed by hours, and may not depart, due to the lack of a crew. A prior flight was cancelled for the same reason. If we do leave, which is doubtful but they give us no clarity, we will be at least three hours late. They not only give no water, but unacceptable service. Fly at risk of not flying"
"Our Spirit Airlines flight was suppose to leave Cleveland at 7:45 AM. There was nearly a 2 hour delay before we were allowed to board. Our plane finally left the gate where we taxied for 30 minutes before being told there was a maintenance issue and that we had to deplane. After a 3.5 hour delay we were told the flight was completely cancelled due a hydraulic pump maintaince issue. After waiting in line to talk to a representative, we were told there were no available flights flying out on other airlines for the rest of the day. Soon after, we found out other people on our same flight were getting flights on other airlines. Spirit Airlines then told us they were rebooking other passengers, but now there are no more flights. It is now 2:30 PM and we are still waiting to either get rebooked or get a hotel and fly out the next morning. The service here has been the worst I have ever dealt with. It is well worth the extra $50 to fly on another airline."
"The flight was 2 hours late departing. There was no leg room at all, my knees were jammed into the back of the seat in front of me. I am a disabled passenger, and was charged $3.00 for water so I could take meds. The flight attendant was brusque. The return was worse. We were supposed to depart at 10.59pm. We boarded and proceeded to the runway, only to return to the gate due to mechanical issues and ordered to deplane. Finally reboarded at 2.30am and arrived in Philadelphia at 10.05am on the 4th."
"Our return flight was delayed from 10pm departure to a 2.30pm departure. We were finished boarding the flight at 11pm only to be told that we needed to take ourselves and our belongings back off the flight because it was having mechanical issues and needed to be serviced. They could not give us a time on how long that would take. At 2.30am we were called to board the flight once again. 1 hour after boarding the Pilot apologizes for the delay and mentions that it was because some of the flight crew needed to be relieved of duty. However, all of the original flight crew members including the Pilot were still there when we boarded for the second time. While waiting 4.5 hours in our terminal all other flights with Spirit were also delayed for about the same amount of time."
"Booked through Orbitz for my first, and last flight with Spirit. I had flown up to Cleveland on Delta, which was uneventful. Upon checking in for Spirit, I noticed \"No carry-on luggage\" on my boarding pass. The agent informed me that my carry-on bag would cost $55.00 if carried or $52.00 if checked. That just exceeded Delta's fare. The seats were crowded as a flying cattle car. No courtesy beverages, water was $3.00. Only one working restroom."
"I tried to check in the evening before after receiving an email inviting me to check in online. When I tried to, the site was unable to do so and notified me that I had to check in at the counter (and would not get charged). We got to the airport 2.5 hours early. At the counter, there were two lines running to the counter. We were directed into the left line by a Spirit employee. There were two agents servicing the left line and three agents servicing the right line which was fine. Then the two agents servicing the left line disappeared and there were four agents servicing the right line and no one servicing the left line. The right line moved and the left did not. After 40 minutes of waiting in line, I finally reached the counter. I asked if we could have a window seat for my wife. She processed the boarding pass and after I left the counter, I saw that the seat she had assigned was a middle seat. I returned to the counter and had to wait again to get to the same agent. She told me that the computer issued the seat and that if I wanted a window seat, I would have to pay extra. She refused to make any changes unless I paid extra. Their baggage weight limit of 40 lbs is ridiculous when the other airlines limit is 50 lbs. Spirit charges you $3 for a can of soda. For Spirit Airlines, profit is the name of the game even if it is at the expense and on the backs of the passengers."
"Heading out of Chicago we were delayed 2 hours due to, \"mechanical problems.\" The prices are not cheaper. You will pay for your seat $10-$100, anything besides a purse or small bag will be $40-$100 as well as paying for all snacks and drinks. Departing from Vegas couldn't have been anymore of a nightmare. Flight originally leaving at 5.25 pm, with a delayed flight until 9.55pm, actually didn't leave until after 1am. Explanation? Mechanical problems. They only gave passengers a $7 meal voucher for waiting 6 hours+ in an airport. Since there were 2 of us, we had $14 to spend which bought one sandwich and a bottle of water. Arrived back in Chicago after 6.00am, completely restless from uncomfortable seats that also did not recline. If you are flying solo, with a purse or small back pack and don't mind being delayed 6 hours then this is the flight for you."
"Flying from NY to Chicago on 7/31/15. About 30 minutes before boarding, there was a brief announcement of the gate change. Passengers had to run out of the terminal to go through security again to enter the new terminal while enduring rudeness of LGA security staff. Coming back from Chicago was worse, the flight was cancelled due to crew unavailability. Food vouchers worth $21 were given to us which funnily enough, could only be used at Starbucks. My mother had no choice but to pay for a hotel as staying at the airport for 18 hours was not an option. People should really think twice when booking this \"cheap\" carrier which is not cheap after all, even a glass of water has to be paid for."
"The nightmare started when the gate was changed 30 minutes prior to departure without a proper announcement at LGA. Passengers run across to the new gate via another long wait to get through security for the second time. Coming back from Chicago was awful. The flight was cancelled after a 30 minute wait at the gate. Reason for cancellation, lack of crew. We were told hotels were not available and that there were a lot of seats on the first floor. Food vouchers worth $21 were issued and surprisingly the only restaurant available was Starbucks. Another reservation was made for the next day."
"I wanted to try Spirit because it flies out of a regional airport close to my home. It offered a non-stop flight to Las Vegas too and we would save several hundred dollars. The flight to Vegas was excellent. The return flight was very bad: 1) Flight was cancelled 40 minutes prior to departure due to missing crew member. 2) Available options were to fly Spirit or get a refund and go to Pittsburgh. 3) Spirit took us to Chicago. While waiting for the flight we were wondering if the last leg of the journey would be abruptly cancelled too. 4) We finally landed in Latrobe Regional Airport 11 hours later than scheduled. We hadn't slept for 34 hours. Looking back, the convenience of the regional airport and the value of the non stop flight were not worth what we went through to get home."
"Mediocre flight. Spirit prides itself on its low fares, but I only saved about ten dollars by flying Spirit out of Oakland instead of United out of San Francisco. The flight times were convenient and were kept to, we were on time. Draconian baggage fees aside, customer service seemed okay. I dropped my bag and went to the gate, then got on the airplane. Boarding was disorganized but tolerable. Seats were narrow, thin, and at a weird angle. They didn't recline, and food and beverages were at a high cost, even for water. Bags came after 20 minutes. Not worth the ten dollars I saved."
"Spirit may be considered cheap but at the end of the day you pay for far more than what you get. Not only is customer service terrible when you call, all the nooks and crannies in their terms and conditions allow them to milk you for every cent. I had some sort of delay round trip with Spirit, going back home was the worst of the two. My flight was supposed to leave at 7.05 am but was delayed to 9.50 not because of any weather conditions but because they were missing their first officer. This leaves me with the impression that they have very limited and unprofessional staff. Overall Spirit is the biggest mistake I could have made for this trip."
"I'm extremely unimpressed with Spirit Airlines. I understand that they're trying to be a low cost budget airline, but I still believe that it's reasonable to expect some level of competency. First, the flight really isn't that much cheaper, if it is cheaper at all. You have to pay for every piece of luggage (except for 1 backpack), plus seats if you don't want a random seat, and drinks (including water). If you're 6'4\" like me, the only seats that really fit you are the exit row seats, which run you between $20 and $40. One checked bag is $40 per trip (which was actually cheaper than bringing a carry-on for the flight I took). Plus drinks are another $2-4. Which means, if you have a lay-over and you're doing a round-trip, you'll be spending about $100 more for the flight, which makes it just as expensive as any other airline that isn't trying to be ultra-budget (at least for the flight I took). Combine the cost with the fact that they had to cancel one of my connecting flights, making me a whole day late, and top it all off with their really annoying advertising, and what you'll get is a very annoying trip. My recomendation: don't fly Spirit."
"Just because they advertise a low airfare, doesn't mean you're getting a good deal. Read their policies and guidelines before you book. They charge anywhere from $26 to $100 for a carry-on bag. Seat requests are anywhere from $1 to $199. If you don't bring a boarding pass, they'll be happy to charge you $10 to print one for you. Want refreshments? Pay up. If you're overweight or extra tall, good luck in their \"cozy\" plane. However, you can save money by purchasing their $9 Club membership for $59.95 and $69.95 annually, and does not guarantee special fares. Used them once, won't use them again."
"Any flyer who thinks they can save money with the airline will be faced with a rude awakening by their \"charge for everything\", even a small cup of water costs $3.00. There is a fee for everything, I mean everything. It was my first worst experience with the airline and will be the last."
"The plane was dirty. Empty potato chip wrappers and candy wrappers everywhere. Their instructions on safety equipment down on the floors scattered about. The flight down landed in time but was uncomfortable in the small seats with very little room to move. When we returned back to Latrobe, my family of six was scattered about the plane separated from each other! The plane was full and more dirty than before. After we got settled they arranged for one of my kids to sit by me finally. From talking to everyone on the plane, they were all sitting with their families and didn't have to pay for it. Their reservation like ours was booked at and paid for at the same time. A horrible experience!"
"Horrible customer service. First there was a 2 hour wait at the ticket counter causing several people to miss their flight. I paid for the hotel out of my pocket because they will not give you a voucher. On the next flight almost a 3 hour wait at ticket counter I got the 4 hours in advance this time I got on my flight only to arrive in Houston with no bags."
"Cons: Did not have Pre-TSA available. Limited flights per day from DFW to OAK and did not serve any surrounding airlines. Did not provide complimentary drinks for a 3 hour flight. Charged extra for carry on. Did not carry over baggage bought online to a separate flight if missed your flight and you paid in advance for baggage forcing you to pay once more! Pros: Flight attendants and pilots did their jobs. Seatbelt worked."
"We thought that searching we would find a reasonable rate. We thought it was Spirit. Then we were charged $40 for each check in bag each way 2 bags $160. We paid extra for leg room what a joke that was, $18 each seat each way $74. We paid for any beverage or food. Even water. If you used an agent to check in extra $10. We could have used any other airlines example Delta and with more comfortable arrangements and it would have cost less."
"The \"lower fee\" quickly surpasses competitors once you check a bag, pay for a cup of coffee or add any of the other options. But my real objection is the 35-40 minute wait for baggage upon landing. They charge for carry on, so you don't really have a lower cost option. Hey Spirit - how about hiring some personnel to actually allow me to leave the airport within an hour of my scheduled arrival time? Not flying you again - at least the others treat me with some minimal human respect."
"I have flown Spirit before numerous times, and have always tried to stay positive when I continuously heard people saying they will never fly the airline again. This trip with my wife to Las Vegas was the straw that broke the camel's back. To get things started, they emailed to let us know our outgoing flight was delayed very early. The flight was scheduled to leave at about 8 pm and they emailed around 1 pm informing us of the delay. Since we live about 90 minutes from the airport, we moved our day's plans back a bit, only to have them email us 5 more times eventually telling us the flight was almost back to the same time originally scheduled. Then when we got to the airport, the flight was delayed about 6 more times. We were supposed to arrive in Las Vegas around 10 am but ended up getting there around 1.30 am. It was a joke. Then came the good part, our return flight was supposed to leave around midnight on a Saturday. My wife had a very unfortunate medical emergency, and there was no way we could even think about the flight when there were so many unknowns. As soon as she became stable Sunday morning, I immediately called Spirit and was put on hold for 45 minutes. After this ridiculousness, the phone began ringing but instead of someone addressing my concerns, I was hung up on. We had no choice but to go online and book flights back with another airline, as she had to be at orientation for a new position that Monday. When I finally got a response from Spirit (about 10 days later via email), it was simply stated that their policy does not permit any refunds or vouchers, but I was assured my concerns would be relayed to another department. You get what you pay for, well actually you don't even get that with Spirit!"
"Upon boarding, we were told it would be a 15 minute delay. Then after 15 minutes another 20 minute delay. Then after that it would be a 3 hour delay because of mechanical problems. The customer service rep did not know if we could get a refund, or hotel. After 4 hours (around 6pm) they told us the flight was canceled. We heard 6 different stories. Finally told to go back to the main check in and rebook. Well by the time we got to main check in all of the flights for that day and the next day were booked. It took almost 6 hours of being in line before we were served. This was Sunday. So it was a chance we couldnt get another flight with Spirit until Tuesday or Wednesday. At 1am I was booked on a 6.15 am flight with another airline. Also, I had to pay $55.00 for a carry on with Spirit? That was my first and last time to book with this airline. From what I was told, the plane seats are small and you pay for your water, juice and soda. I know mechanical issues happen but with not enough planes to accomodate for the stranded, its not good."
"I decided to go with Spirit because of the price and didn't realize all the fees. You have to pay for everything, even water. The flight was late going out. We waited for our luggage for about an hour. On the return trip plane was late again. On arrival we sat at the terminal for half hour because their contractors to unload the plane were not there. Again we waited almost an hour for the luggage."
"Our flight was delayed and we missed our connection. The next flight they could get us on was two days later and they refused to pay for our hotel or the costs of the layover. Being working adults we were forced to book and pay for new flights home with another airline for the following day, pay for hotel and additional dog care and miss a day of work. When we asked why they couldn't help us they said they could lose their jobs. What about our jobs? No regard for their customers."
"We were delayed because of \"bad weather\" yet we arrived at PR and asked several of the other airlines if they had to cancel flights and all answered no! Spirit charges $50 per suitcase - the highest of all. Because of our delay we missed our connecting flight which left us at the airport for over 6 hours, with a cancer patient and weren't even given the courtesy of a bottle of water. It has now been 3 days from travel date and our baggage is missing and there is no accountability for them. It is much cheaper to use any other airlines in the long run."
"I was delayed 4 times on my original flight. We were supposed to leave at 7.35pm and arrive in Los Angles by 10.45pm. We were delayed 3 times and we were finally able to board plane at 11.00pm. We were then told to un-board plane and that the flight had been canceled, all they could say over a loud speaker. Between retrieving your luggage and standing in a line wrapped around the airport, it took approx 4 hours. I was traveling with 2 small children and this was totally unacceptable. They then gave me a flight for the next day for 7.35pm! When I arrived on time for this flight it was again delayed 3 more times and we didn't end up leaving the airfield until 10.00pm that night!"
"\"We apologize.\" \"We're sorry.\" Two simple phrases that acknowledge that while some things are beyond control an airline can still sympathize with the repercussions to their paying customers. Spirit seems to not have 'sorry' and 'apologize' in their vocabulary. Instead, during a very orderly and calm boarding process we were treated to the gate attendant screaming at us saying she \"wasn't going to have any mess or pushing or choking because she didn't want to deal with it.\" Then when we board the plane we're informed that \"we should just be grateful that the plane is flying at all, because it didn't have to.\" The other less expensive carriers out there manage to display good service and have friendly staff. We, the airlines' customers have choices - and my personal choice will be to never fly Spirit again."
"This is the worst airline in the system. There is no customer service. The flight was delayed an hour with no notice. They charge for everything - seats to luggage to water. We were squeezed on the plane. The flight attendant made a joke of shutting down equipment before take off. Even the signs don't look professional, they look like a child created them. While I am sure they are trying to appeal to a younger buyer, the chosen look of the web site and also signage looks like a video game. you a try, never again. It sound like most people that have given you a try are done too."
"Did not enjoy my trip. I've never had to pay for snacks on board. Also on my connecting flight, I had to combine my two carry-on bags into one or pay a 55 dollar fee. Seats were uncomfortable and I will never fly Spirit again. It's supposed to be an enjoyable experience not a guard my wallet all day experience."
"I could not believe that they charge a whopping $55 for me to carry my own carry on bag on to the plane. I also had to pay another $55 on the return flight. On top of that, Spirit charges for the smallest snack and then we didn't even have an option to watch a movie. So much for the discounted fare. I'd rather pay a higher plane fare than be robbed on baggage fees with an option to at least watch a movie."
"Flying with Spirit was the worst experience. The co-pilot was missing for 2 hours. Flight was delayed 2.5 hours. Our return flight #654 from Portland to Chicago was cancelled because the pilots were late and they are not allowed to fly for more than a certain number of hours without rest. They did not have courtesy to notify the passengers. Customer service at the desk was poor and not courteous, and the attendant looked angry the whole time. No accommodation or compensation was provided. They lure you in with cheap ticket prices, but have many hidden fees. They make you pay for a carry-on and they don't even give you water on the flight. The airplanes are also very dirty and cramped."
"My first time flying with Spirit was July 15, 2015. My flight was scheduled to depart at 5.15 am to Ft. Lauderdale, Fl then transfer to Cancun, but due to their systems being down everyone on flight was checked in one by one. We didn't take off until 7.30am. We had to change flights at Ft. Lauderdale, Fl to Cancun but since flight was late we were told by Spirit that there were no other flights until the following day so the best they could do was put us up in a hotel. I lost out on a day from my vacation, not to mention money and time. There was also an issue with the flight home. I reviewed Spirit Airlines and nothing but negative feedback. Their slogan should be: Less Go, More Money."
"The flights are always delayed, always late, I waited for 1.5 hours on a flight just to taxi out. Guess the airports don't want Spirit to fly either. Once you buy your tickets the airlines will never work with you, changing costs more than the flight and you can never understand the agents. I would never recommend or fly again with them."
"Won't travel Spirit again unless there are no other choices. The website is very difficult to use, with more focus on selling their credit card than their travel services. When I finally gave up trying to find a means to email my question and decided to call with my problem, I couldn't find a phone number on the website. After paying for one piece of luggage and seats in the exit row, my fare was comparable to the \"full service\" airlines. The flights, however, were not even close. There was one person at the check-in counter, and she wasn't going to move any faster, no matter how long the line got. After paying $70 round trip to sit in the exit row, I ended up being squeezed into my seat when the flight attendants moved the largest, bulkiest passengers from other seats into the unpurchased exit row seats so they would be more comfortable. I paid to be more comfortable and was not! That was probably the most annoying part-even more so than the hours-long flight delays, broken tray tables, seats that don't recline. I'll pass on Spirit going forward."
"I've never experienced anything like this before. 2 hour flight delay just to then be delayed another 45 min for plane maintenance out of Fort Myer. Arrived in Atlantic City to find out our flight to Chicago was cancelled due to weather. This is mid summer not winter - no weather issues. Spirit reps couldn't get us (traveling with a 7 month old baby) on a flight until Monday afternoon, this was Saturday. Spirit did not give us any vouchers even though we were delayed, delayed and delayed for maintenance and then cancelled. We had to rent a car and book a hotel for 2 nights in Atlantic city. Obviously we live on a tight budget (we flew Spirit thinking it would save us money). Spirit charges you for everything. Asked for water to make the baby bottles, charged $3 just for water. The cost for carry on and checked bags is a rip off."
"Stuck in Vegas on our way to Detroit. Flight was cancelled, but when Spirit staff were asked what was going on and what the plan was to get inconvenienced passengers to their destinations, they were closed mouthed and refer everyone to a small charter line trying to route passengers to other airlines. Rumor has it could be late tomorrow evening before we can get out of here. No offers for comps, no apology - nothing. We should at the least be refunded any prepaid baggage and seat assignment fees."
"7/19/15. My wife and 5 year old child were scheduled on the last flight from LAX to Houston, TX on 7/19. Their flight was delayed and they were advised the plane would be repaired in 3 hours. Once the 3 hour mark arrived passengers were then told the flight was canceled. Once being notified of the flight cancelation the airline left only 3 employees to handle all of the rescheduling of flights for their Spirit passengers which is \"their customers\" which wasn't enough to handle the multitude of issues. My wife and child are still in line as we speak and have been for an additional 3 to 4 hours due to the lack of manpower and without complementary water at the least for the children. I say children because the trip was regarding a talent show case that several children attended from the Houston, TX area."
"I book my entire vacation package thru this airline website. There was no update from the airline website about the delay. I tried to contact the customer service to talk to the representative after holding me for more than 20 mins they hang up with an automated message \"we cannot hold you any longer please call back\". I again tried two times and same message. When I went to the gate I was told that the flight was delayed until 11.30 pm then 12.10 am. Finally all the staff at the gate left and then there was an announcement at 12.10 am that the flight was cancelled. Was asked to go the front desk, when all the passengers were asking the questions at the front desk the staff was yelling at the passengers so rude. I called the emergency number, a gentleman spoke to me got my details and said one of the representatives will call me. It has been a month and no one has called me."
"By the time they added additional fees for seats and luggage, it didn't seem to be much different in price from other airlines. The seats don't recline very well and when you do, your causing the person to be even more uncomfortable as the seat limits their leg room. The seats are uncomfortable so if you have any physical ailments such as knee or back issues consider yourself in pain. The leg room is a joke and they pack you in like sardines. No water or anything. The cleanliness is poor too."
"I love saving money, however this airline is certainly no frills. Don't expect a drink of water. Also, it's cheaper to check a full size bag than it is to check a carry on. You are allowed one personal item. I've seen people with a bag that looks bigger than a carryon and they are not questioned, however, others are told that they must put their purse in their personal bag they are carrying on as it is also counted as a personal item. You never know what will transpire. Also, flights can be cancelled at the drop of a hat and they certainly have little consideration in rebooking you. Never fly this airlines without atleast a weeks extra supply of any necessary prescriptions and extra cash resources as you can be stranded for a week. One last complaint, their website is horrible! Every time I try to use it, I end up creating a new password as it never recognizes the old one! I still fly it because it's cheap!"
"This was the worst experience I have had on an airline. You definitely get what you pay for and you continue to pay for your bag, your check in, your snacks etc. The lack of communication with the passenger and the total disregard of people's time is what I have the biggest problem with. Finding out the flight is cancelled through another passenger versus the airline staff is extremely unprofessional. The people at the counter are so unprofessional. They hand you a pink paper and say here is were you can find a hotel. It's better to pay extra a fly through a reputable company like Southwest, JetBlue or Delta, who are able to provide accommodation, get you booked through another airline and transportation. I have learned my lesson and never again."
"I bought a flight from Cancun to Los Angeles. This went via Dallas Fort Worth. Normally, when a carrier sells a flight from one destination to another with a stop, they ensure the baggage is forwarded and there is ability to get to the connecting flight. Spirit made me go through immigration, pick up my bags and then change terminals in order to connect with my next flight. I sprinted to the second flight and was luckily able to board the next flight. It had already been boarding for 15 minutes. As I rushed up to the gate, a rude flight attendant reminded me I was late in an agitated voice and then told me there was a 50/50 chance my baggage would turn up at my destination (due to spirit). Never again."
"Terrible delays, poor customer service, because of airline delays we missing our connection and ended up having to fly the next day, ended up taking five flights to get from Houston to Puerto Rico."
"Don't always trust that the lowest fare is really the lowest. They charge for baggage and carry ons. $75 for me today, if you want to check a bag at the gate it's $100. They tried to charge for a small sleeping bag as an extra carry on - writing this review while waitin 45 minutes on the tarmac at my final destination."
"This is the first time we have flown with Spirit Airlines and it will be the last. We travel frequently nationally and internationally and have never had such poor customer service. Although you think you may be getting the best fare initially, they get you with the baggage, seat assignments, and treat you very poorly. We were carrying backpacks in order to save on having to check in bags, and had to pay $100 per bag at the counter before we boarded the plane. It wasn't so much paying the price as it was the way they treated us. Demanding and rude to not only us, but to other customers with the same challenge. On your vacation, you don't want to have poor customer service that puts a dent in the way you feel traveling. You want to have a nice experience. Its a 3 hour flight and you have to pay for snacks and drinks! On our 1 hour flight with Southwest and American, they treat you pleasantly and give complimentary drinks and snacks. The woman at the counter taking our tickets, as well as the attendants on the plane looked like they hated their job. The lady yelled at my husband to repack our bags and \"get it together\", on the plane we were seated separately and I asked politely to see if I could switch seats with someone and the attendant told me, \"just sit down\". Also, there are challenges with the online check-in that half the time works. When calling in, they also disconnect you, can't help you check in, and are rude. I definitely will never travel with Spirit Airlines again and will ensure everyone I know never chooses this airline. Other people I spoke to on the airline said the same thing with their experience. Stay away from this airline if at all possible if you want a good trip! Cramped seats also!"
"Extremely poor online service for printing out boarding tickets. Extremely hard to speak to a customer service representative. I had to act like I was booking a reservation in order to find out the long tedious online process and if you can't do it they have no mercy your getting slapped with an unfair charge at the airport. I will never fly Spirit again. I am extremely aggravated. They need to take lessons from other airlines. I have never encountered a problem with any other airline."
"Our first time flying with Spirit and it was terrible. It was m , my friend, my daughter and her friend. First, when we arrived at bag check in, the lady was very rude. She made me take out things from my bag and disperse it on to my carry on bag because it was too heavy, and I didn't want to pay an extra 25 on the already 104 dollars for bags. It was embarrassing, especially with her barking out \"go faster!\" When we were flying the plane was 30 minutes off schedule. Drinks and food were not complementary and the staff were horrible. When we got off, they lost my bags, along with ten other people! They were rude about it. We tried calling hundreds of times, and never got an answer. This morning, Spirit called and said they found our bags and will ship it to us. That was the only good thing ."
"I did my homework ahead of time to avoid fees but this airline just wont stop when it comes to trying to get money out of you. All 4 of my flights were delayed. Their system shut down in Chicago and nobody knew what was going on. The customer service agents were rude and not helpful with the situation at all. Instead, they relentlessly try to get you to sign up for their credit card. My response was more geared toward finding out where my plane was and the attendant's response was, \"We dont know where it is, but our credit card will earn you miles with us.\" All four of the planes I boarded were disgusting! In an effort to make up for the delayed times, the flight crews never cleaned the planes. Every plane had trash on the floor and in the seat's rear pockets where I was sitting. I saw an attendant tell an elderly passenger they would be charged for a cup of ice when she asked for it and it blew everybody away who was sitting around her. Their webpage is difficult to work through. It took me 45 minutes to print a boarding pass just because the site is hard to navigate."
"Flight: 7/6/15 Orlando - San Juan. My husband and I arrived at 10.00am, 2 hours and 16 minutes ahead of our flight, pre-checked in, only needing to drop our checked bag. We waited for 1 hour and 45 minutes to drop our bag. By the time we got to the security check line, we had 16 minutes to make it to our gate. The Spirit airlines agent had sarcastically wished us luck getting through on time. The flight ended up delaying because I estimate about 80% of its passengers were stuck in the ticketing line. I called customer service yesterday, 7/15/15 and held for 30 minutes while waiting for someone to answer, and was put on hold an additional 45 minutes while the person who answered \"tried to find a supervisor that was free.\" Spirit refused to put a supervisor on the phone and insisted that the only form of communication for complaints is through email. We will never be flying with them again."
"Spirit notified us our flight will be delay. Later it was cancelled. Their next flight was only 2 days later and they didn't consider trying to find us a flight with another airline. Since this was our flight day, we could either book a hotel for 2 days or cancel the flight and try to find another flight. We will never try to book Spirit again!"
"I was flown down for an interview in Houston. The flight leaving Denver was delayed at last 2 hours making me late for my interview. The flight was pretty uneventful except there is a charge for everything. The flight back to Denver was delayed 4 hours with lots of excuses from the gate staff. At the same time they are telling us this rarely happens, I was looking online and finding that every flight for the last two was signigicantly late. There was another flight at the same gate that was 4 hours late also. There was almost a riot at the gate because it was night and people were tired and so angry."
"First time flying with Spirit and they cancelled the flight. The next best flight they offered me was 2 days after my original flight date. Had to cancel an important trip. Spirit does not compensate for the money you throw to the air because of their cancelled flight. I will never fly with them again."
"When I purchased the ticket I thought the price wasn't bad. I usually fly Southwest and now I know why. If I wanted to chose a seat that would cost me. I was shocked to see I couldn't even take a small carry-on - I had to check it or pay more. A box to measure your carry on was placed at the boarding area, with a big sign saying $100. The young man kept reiterating, \"if your luggage doesn't fit in this box, you will be charged $100 at the gate.\" He repeated this announcement over and over again. No peanuts. The water, sodas etc cost. Flight attendants had snobby, pushy aggressive attitudes. No smiles, no hello. The seats don't recline and your knees touch the seat in front of you - I am 5'4\". I will never fly this airline again. I was so disappointed. Not to mention they made an announcement about signing up for their Credit Card, and receiving some free mileage. I don't think so - too many hidden costs for me."
"These people are terrible at being on time. They have changed the departure time four times, and we are still here, at midnight, waiting on them and hoping they don't change it again."
"Flight delayed almost 2 hours from ATL to MIA due to maintenance issues with the plane. In addition my fiance and I were charged 52 dollars for each piece of luggage we checked in. No charge for carry on luggage however. Flight delayed as we speak from MIA back ATL this morning. Reason for the delay - you guessed it - more maintenance issues. This time however we were asked to get off the plane with our bags. No ETA on when we will actually leave. This time however 53 bucks to check luggage which was anticipated this time around. However ladies and gentlemen another 52 bucks to be able to carry our previously free carry on luggage the flight back. This is the worst airline I have flown. The experience has been a grave inconvenience at best."
"I have had the pleasure of flying with them for the past few years. I can count on one hand the amount of times my flight left on-time without any issues. The final straw was when I flew a few days ago from Myrtle Beach, SC to New York, NY. My return flight was cancelled without any notification, but they called me, which was a lie. I was told different stories by two different workers as to why the flight was cancelled. I tried to book a flight for the next day and they told me it was impossible to get on one and that I would have to stay two nights. I told them I would need to be put on another airline and they told me Spirit does not do that."
"I flew this weekend and we had no idea we had to pay for our luggage, it's $55 for each piece of luggage so that's $110, plus on top of that we still have to pay going back. Our seat was so tight you we could barely move and the seats do not recline! I will never fly with them again!"
"My flight was cancelled from Florida to Dominican Republic, they found me a flight 5 hours later out of Miami, had to take a cab to Miami and didn't get to DR until 9pm, I was supposed to meet my husband at the resort at 1pm. Coming back home from DR my flight was delayed 5 hours which made me miss my connecting flight to AC. Spirit put me in a hotel until the next day, the next flight out would be to Orlando then to AC. I'm 26 hours into this nightmare and my family are waiting for me to arrive."
"The only reason I even got on this plane was because by the time I found out who my husband booked this flight with, it was too late to get our money back. This isn't an economically sound decision. Passengers are charged for everything. Expect to be nickel and dimed for carry-on luggage. There's not even a complimentary drop of water offered on any of their flights. None of the seats recline. The seats are extremely uncomfortable. I'm 5'5 and had zero leg room. There's no difference in comfort between the \"expensive\" seats, and the less expensive seat. I've never seen seat cushions so thin. No wi-fi, no water, no reclining seats, no comfort, and the seats are too close for safety. There are no circumstances under which we would ever fly them again."
"Simply put, our experience with Spirit Airlines has compelled us to never fly Spirit again. My family of 4, including myself traveled to Texas to a ministry conference. I will be honest, we did not get to the airports in time therefore we missed our flights going and coming. The first error was us, we should have gotten there earlier. My overall concern was the extreme lack of customer service that displayed any concern to our dilemma. The inconsistency in the service was very obvious. There was two lovely ladies that did give a great effort of service to us, but this was well appreciated but it wasn't even enough to win our return. On top of the lack of customer service, all the other fees where really extreme. Please take in to consideration, if you want customers to be loyal and return, customer service is a must!"
"Spirit is not an international airline despite the fact that they fly internationally. About to leave the hotel in San Jose Costa Rica after a six days vacation with my daughter, we received a notice that our flight was cancelled due to \"volcanic activity\" (Spirit had two of the four flights cancelled. that day). Supervisor promised to return call at noon and we gave up at 3.00 with no response. The good news is that they put us on the next available Spirit flight. The bad news was the first available flight was in six days. After six days did get out of the country."
"Bait and switch. Spirit gets you to book a flight by offering fares at around 10%-15% lower than everyone else. What they do not tell you is that once you're booked that is when they make up for the \"low\" fare. Our plans changed and we wanted to cancel our rental car, four days before our trip - big charges! We travel with a young child in the autism spectrum. Want to sit with him, extra fees for the \"privilege\" of sitting with him. Bag fees are ridiculous. We all packed in one checked bag. At the desk - over weight - $50 more dollars. Waiting for the plane, which was almost an hour late they made an on ounce net about how the will get another $100 if your carry-on doesn't meet their last minute standards. Coffee in flight? $3 is this Starbucks? I would not be surprised to learn they charge extra for a seatbelt. They \"bait\" you with low entry fees but once you are signed up they \"switch\" to a fee charging machine."
"Delays for hours not minutes. The delay caused us to be very late arriving in Detroit. There is no savings in this airline whatsoever. Please do yourselves a favor and read reviews before you book a flight. I wish I had! The reviews are spot on."
"They charge you for everything from A to Z and try to make it look like you are in control of the price. I would not be surprised if they charge for being seated versus standing up if it were possible. Being on time is something too advanced for Spirit airlines. If you want to know an airport in detail, Spirit is the best choice since you will spend a lot of time there while listening very frequent delay notifications."
"The customer service was horrible and not helpful with anything we had questions on. After our flight was delayed twice and we sat at the gate while other flights were boarded through this gate, we saw a man running up to the counter at the gate and out of breath. He proceeded to tell the women at the counter that he had boarded the plane."
"My family and I (3) were headed to San Juan, Puerto Rico from Orlando, Florida. When we got to the check-in there was a sign that said: \"baggage cannot weigh over 41 pounds or else we will charge you an additional $50\". They had already charged us $50 for each piece of our luggage. We were right on the border to paying extra but luckily we didn't. As we headed to the gate the lady at the desk announced that the flight would be delayed 3 hours, everyone was furious! Then later the lady at the front desk said we would get on the flight in 15 minutes and the plane still wasn't there! It took the plane 30 more minutes to arrive and 45 minutes for the other passengers to exit. Finally when we got onboard we sat down and there was a storm at the route which we were supposed to take so it took them 30 minutes to receive a new route to get to PR. Well, finally we took off! Now, usually other airlines give you water and a little snack like peanuts or pretzels. They gave us nothing! You had to pay for everything, the water was about $3 which is absurd. The seats didn't recline and the flight attendants were so rude."
"I booked my flight 5 months in advance and paid 430.00 round trip. Then I tried to select my seat but had to pay an additional 18.00 to select a seat before getting to the airport. Then they charged me 50 for my first checked bag. Then they charged me another 3 bucks for a small bottle water. I looked at American Air and Delta two weeks before my flight, and they were the same price. So how is Spirit a low fare airline. The flights were delayed more than one hour both ways and the airline lost my bag going home. If they were a low fare airline, I would then accept the baggage fees, tight seats, no drinks and delays."
"I flew LAX-ORD. I was expecting Spirit to have improved since I last flew in November to LaGuardia, but I was wrong. I flew with my family, (3 passengers). I arrived at LAX well before the flight time and proceeded to check my baggage. I walked up to the kiosk and check my three bags, and the grand total was around $140, more than what I paid for the airfare! I decided to check only two and take my third bag in the overhead bin. That was a big mistake. Spirit Airlines charges 100 US Dollars for a carry-on bag! The flight was fine, but since I was in an Airbus A320, the seats did not recline. As if Spirit didn't already have enough of my money, tap water is not free inflight. Spirit Airlines may as well charge a dollar for every breath you take on their aircraft."
"I had multiple instances of stress while flying with Spirit. 1) The tickets look cheap but they quickly make up for that cost by charging ridiculous prices for bags (total of $150 for one checked back and one carry-on for the trip). 2) Since they are such a small operation it means they have a very limited number of planes, crews, and flights. This results in flight delays as well as trip delays (when I missed my flight due to the security lines) the next available flight was the next day. The cherry on top of that was that the next morning's flight was delayed. My return flight was also delayed, I spent more time in the airport over the weekend than I did at Myrtle Beach. 3) Because of high costs, stress and delays there are a large number of unhappy customers and as a result the Spirit staff is harried and unhelpful when you have an issue. Don't get me wrong, I tend to be a very thrifty person, but paying another $200 for convenience to fly a bigger airline is worth it."
"Direct flight from Houston to Orlando. Lost luggage. Not just our luggage, but I counted around 30 people standing at the service counter. The tickets are cheap because they get you on the backend. One bag $40. Another 25-75 if it weighs too much. Carry on is $40. No cocomplimentary beverage service or snacks. You have to buy your seats after you buy your tickets. I still paid $400+ for 2 round trips."
"From outrageous confusing baggage fees to fees to \"go green\" to fees to run on the plane before others. The travel insurance is added in automatically without the ability to decline it. The website doesn't work half the time. The employees at the call center give you incorrect answers. I'm all for no frills, but this company got it wrong. I will not use this airline again."
"On 21/6/15 while boarding at San Diego we were told that our cabin bag is larger than their specification and we have to pay extra 55 USD for that. Our bad luck continued while our flight from Vegas to SFO on 24/6/15 when we reached airport to catch our flight at 9.55 PM, they informed it is delayed for an hour and increased the delay. At 1.30 AM they simply announced about its cancellation. They returned money that was about 180 USD when it was booked a month back. We were new in USA and had to pay 700 USD to get United flight next morning."
"Booked flight several weeks in advance. However, the flight crew didn't get the memo. My flight was scheduled to leave at 7.46. I receive an email not from Spirit but from the 3rd party site I went through for the tickets to let me know the flight is delayed and my new departure time would be 12.32am! With a delay this long I believed that something was extremely wrong with the plane but that wasn't the case. The airline couldn't \"find\" a crew to fly the plane. The worst communication and organization skills I've witnessed from an airline. I'll never be flying Spirit again."
"I used Spirit Airlines for a recent trip flying from Detroit to Tampa, with a stop in Atlantic City, and back. Going down my flight was fine. I was aware when I booked my ticket that there were baggage fees associated with my flight and though high, the price of the flight was low enough to compensate for the additional charges. The flight was on time and went smoothly. My flight did not change planes in Atlantic City and the flight attendants told passengers that they would find out when we landed whether we could just stay on the plane or if we would have to disembark and reenter and kept us well informed. Unfortunately, my return flight was terrible. I had booked my flight through an online travel site and signed up for email updates. I received an email 3 hours before flight time saying my flight was delayed but to be at the airport as if it were on time. I got to the airport to be told the flight was 3 hours delayed. I checked in and proceeded through security and arrived at the gate to find no Spirit employees. When I finally got information it was simply that there was a malfunction with the original plane and they had needed to find a new plane. Once the plane finally landed and we boarded, close to 3.5 hours late, Spirit employees were apologetic and got passengers through quickly. Upon arriving in Atlantic City those of us staying on to Detroit were not told whether or not to disembark until the flight attendant noticed some of the passengers were not getting off and told us to we could not stay on the plane as the staff was being changed. We went into the terminal where the pilot and flight attendants were waiting to board the plane. We proceed to spend the next 40 minutes waiting. The screens at the airport say the flight was supposed to leave at 9.10pm. At about 9, nearly five hours after the flight was originally suppose to leave a flight attendant comes running to the gate and enters the plane. A few minutes later, we are told to start lining up in anticipation of boarding soon. This is in complete contradiction to our early instructions of keeping the aisle clear as Atlantic City is a small airport where the gate is right next to the aisle. We finally start boarding at 9.10, depart and arrive in Detroit 5 hours late. I understand that problems can occur to delay flights but complete lack of communication to passengers was unacceptable."
"The first time flying Spirit. I typically travel to Daytona Beach for a week every month to spend time with my grandsons. I usually fly Frontier to Orlando and then take a shuttle bus (DOTS) to Daytona. I flew Spirit in June because the fare was only $80 one way. I was shocked when I checked in at the counter on June 20 when I had to pay $52 for a checked bag that weighed no more than 15 pounds. The fee was excessive and combined with the airfare and the $38 shuttle fare with tip that trip cost $170. A direct flight to Daytona from Cleveland on Delta Airlines costs $156 with an hour layover in Atlanta and carry on of my 15 lb bag cost nothing. On my return from Daytona to Cleveland on June 27, I flew Delta leaving Daytona Beach at 6 AM and arriving in Cleveland at 9:32AM for a total of $156. The only positive experience with Spirit was my huge leather seat in row 1 on the trip to Orlando; quite roomy and comfortable. I will, however, not use them again as their baggage rates are excessive."
"Was delayed 2hrs leaving Detroit and paid a small fortune for baggage fees. Our return was delayed again leaving Denver."
"I booked a round trip flight for four people to travel from Baltimore to Myrtle Beach, SC. At the time of my booking, which was 2 months before the flight, there was nothing mentioned about the additional costs of the carry on luggage. When I arrived at the airport 2 hours before the flight, I was told that each one of my carry on bags would cost $55 each, totaling $440 for a round trip flight. This was an astronomical expense that I was completely unprepared for. I had no choice but to pay. I also experienced a delay of one hour on each of my flights, adding to my frustration."
"Not only was it late for departure and arrival but we were also late to a connecting flight. Flight was supposed to depart at 2.29pm and its 3.30pm and still waiting for the flight to depart. Also, they charge you for carry on bags so they were telling people to step out of the boarding lines and go pay a fee for a carry on. Needless to say I paid for my carry on, but had a purse that they also wanted me to pay for. I will never use them again."
"My wife and I booked a flight with Spirit on May 17th of this year to fly to Denver on June 19th. Our initial flight time was 5.30 pm so we arrived at 3.30. The first delay happened at baggage check-in where there were only 2 people working the desk with about 75 people in line. This took 45 minutes to get done. Then the delays started. The plane we were supposed to get on had been delayed in Florida for hours and nothing was done to get another plane to Houston to take its place. After waiting at the gate until 11.30 pm and watching email notifications come in about delays we got the one we dreaded to see, flight cancelled. At this point there were no Spirit employees at the gate to confirm if it was truly cancelled so we made our way to the ticket desk to wait in a line for 3 hours to try and rebook. Once we got to the counter there were no other accommodations to Denver that could be made with Spirit so we asked for a refund. We finally made it home at 4am exhausted. I have used Spirit before and did not have an issue but this was horrible. Spirit knew that the flight was going to be cancelled way before the time we found out by email."
"I never actually got on the plane because Spirit canceled the flight (for an unknown reason). I never even got an email or any kind of notification letting me know this had happened. I was able to get my ticket refunded after a painful process and was told I wouldn't be able to get on another flight until Friday. They were so rude and unhelpful. I did not book another flight with them needless to say."
"Terrible! Delayed, delayed, then cancelled. Couldn't reschedule for three days, no reimbursement for lodging, and rude service. That's what you get for flying with the lowest bidder."
"After booking with Spirit, I found out about the extra fees. The ticket ended up being a similar price to airlines like Southwest and Delta. The thing that was most bothersome were the multiple delays flying to and from Detroit. They said it was caused by weather, but every other airline was fine and did not have delayed flights. After looking up reviews during my 4+ hour delays, I found out this is very common with Spirit. The man sitting next to me on the plane had to fly with them for business for the past 5 weeks. He said every flight was delayed. I'm sorry, but my time is more valuable than saving 10 or so dollars."
"Flight was cancelled at 9.00pm the night before we were to fly out at 6.00am. The weather was sunny and in the 80's both in BWI and Florida but they said they had a weather delay due to a storm in Houston TX and didn't have a plane. Desk person told us they didn't have a cabin crew. They told us we could fly two days later. We took the refund and flew Southwest (who is based in Texas and had a plane). Spirit then told us we could have a $50.00 voucher for our troubles but it cost us $500.00 more to fly on Southwest. Never again."
"From Tampa to Atlantic City flight was delayed 5 times.nWe were told we would receive a $50 voucher for a future flight-didn't happen. Spirit charges for everything."
"They pull you in by providing flights that seems to have an unreal price. Averaging 50-70 dollars cheaper than any other flight on sites like Expedia, they forget to mention that nothing is free. From the seats you choose to sit in to every breath you take, they find a way to charge extra. My 240 dollar flight ended up costing 392 dollars. Every bag with wheels even if it does fit the requirement cost you an extra 55 dollars. On the flight you may be able to get a cup of ice for free. They do not provide water, blankets, not even a cracker, no matter how long your flight is. The only seats that recline are the ones in the first row. There is absolutely no in-flight entertainment. They also do not accept cash on the flight."
"I was going to LAS for the NHL Hockey awards. Was supposed to leave from PHL-LAS non stop on June 22 and arrive in LAS at 10pm on 22 June. Flight was delayed and didn't arrive until 11pm. Return on 26 June was supposed to leave at 8.15am, LAS-ORD. That flight actually got in early. I thought I would have time to kill in ORD. I didn't expect to wait for a whole day in ORD. Flight NK630 kept getting pushed back and back. Finally, while we were on the runway for what had to be 2 hrs or more, the flight attendant stated that because of the curfew at LGA, our flight would be going back to the gate and that the flight was cancelled! I know the airline is no frills but an airline shouldn't be this poorly run. They gave us a hotel and meal vouchers which was nice but when I returned the next evening for my flight back to LGA, NK630 was delayed again!"
"My boyfriend and I were traveling to Chicago for a long weekend. After having to pay over $90 to carry on our luggage when we checked in at the airport, we went to the gate to find that our flight was delayed. No one told us this. It was delayed once more, and again no announcement was made. Their website flight status information differed from the board at the gate, so for a good hour or more we had no idea what time our flight was supposed to leave. After all this, the flight was cancelled right before midnight. Spirit did absolutely nothing for us. They couldn't put us on a flight the next morning. My boyfriend asked if they could put us on a flight anywhere in the country instead, all we wanted was a long weekend away. They couldn't do that either. We cancelled and flew JetBlue instead."
"Showed up at Philadelphia Airport (which is a nightmare in itself), checked in at ticket counter then got in a ridiculously long line for TSA check. Finally made it to the gate to wait for departure. First, flight was delayed for 45 minutes for flat tire. Next the flight was delayed again for another 2.5 hours for mechanical issues. Finally the flight was cancelled! The staff at the gate notified passengers to return to the ticket counter to be rebooked on other airlines and register claim for a refund (What a joke!) - I've since learned that Spirit does not offer refunds. Once at the ticket counter, passengers were being given options for alternate flights up to 2 days later."
"Our flight going to Cancun, Mexico was delayed 3 hours and no one told us! We just sat there and realized our boarding time had passed - there was no communication and the service representative could not tell us anything regarding our flight. Going home we had a flight connection in Ft. Lauderdale - when we deplaned to catch our flight back to DFW we waited 30 minutes or so before we got our luggage because they didn't know where we were supposed to pick it up. Then we had to run through the airport with about 25 other people on the same flight or other connecting flights, our plane was still there but they would not let us board - needless to say the next flight went out at 8 am. Told us it was our fault, then it was customs fault, then TSA'S fault - everybody's fault but theirs."
"This was my first experience and last with Spirit Airlines. Its website was down the night before to check in early. Spirit customers are informed to check in early to avoid an $100 additional fee at the airport counter. We were charged $90 each of carry-on bags. The flight number was not listed on the tv monitors at the airport, we were re-routed to another gate where a non-Spirit spokesperson informed us this flight was delayed, each hour we were informed of yet another delay until the person disappeared altogether and no representative was present for more than two hours in the gate area. We tried calling their information number but the telephone just kept ringing until there was a disconnection signal. We were informed by a travel agent the flight was probably cancelled so I purchased two additional tickets to reach a destination where we had missed special occasion events on that day. Because of Spirit's additional fees for everything, customers do not save any money in choosing them. Buyer beware."
"Return flight was delayed twice then cancelled, next possible flight out was 2 days later. Spirit did nothing to try and help get another flight booked, did not offer any accommodations as far as hotel, food etc. There were a large number of us flying and they said they couldn't get all of us on a return flight and that we were basically on our own. They were more eager to refund our money than get us on a different flight. If we were able to find a different flight and it was cheaper than what we originally paid they were not going to refund the difference. The discounted price of their tickets is not worth the hassles that you may go through because of the airline. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Flight was canceled, had to take the next available flight which was the next day. Next day flight delayed twice and gate changed twice. It ended up being a whole day of travel. No vouchers were given. After emailing and complaining the gave us three $50 vouchers."
"They lost my bag and took 2 days to return. There website is terrible for check-in but they have the pop-up on your screen offers working well. They mention the $9 savings program which is the bag pricing they show you but if you don't pay the $62 membership your bag prices go from $37 carry on to $45 and $33 checked bag to $40 when it comes time to pay. They lead to believe you have to purchase your seats when another traveler with lost baggage said he believes if you don't pick a seat and they issue it at airport check-in it may be free. I didn't see that as an option but that I had to pick and pay for the seat. They seem like they're making it confusing and the pop-up ads so you pay for all these ad-ons not really knowing what your paying it all total for. It was our first and last time we'll purchase and fly with this airline. Not worth the headache and hassles."
"My husband and I were planning on flying a direct flight out of Latrobe PA to Orlando FL. This airport is closer to us than Pittsburgh and has free parking so we were excited to try it. Our flight was delayed a half hour, then 3 hours, then canceled due to \"maintenance issues.\" We had to go home and change our vacation plans since we were not able to leave until the next day out of Pittsburgh. My husband was on hold with customer service for 45 minutes. After this experience, we will never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"The first time I've flown Spirit. My flight was cancelled 2 days in a row and the second day I was at the airport for 10 hours trying to get on a flight through Spirit, not hearing of the cancellation until 6 hours later after the flight being delayed several times, then standing in line for 3 hours rebooking the flight. I finally got a flight out through United Airlines the next day. The inexpensive prices are not worth the wasted time I spent trying to fly out of Denver."
"I was unfortunately fooled by the price. Then you pay $55.00 for checked luggage and another $55.00 for carry on. Then they charge you for water, soda, coffee, tea, peanuts, you name it. The staff don't even announce that your flight has been delayed as ours was, the first 3 hours late, the second 5 hours late - neither one was announced we had to find someone to ask what happened.. If you dared to ask they would tell you they didn't know so just go sit down and wait for your flight to be called. Then once the flight that should have been there hours earlier finally had a boarding time they had you move from one place to another and once everyone moved they had you go back to were you were and then they had you move again, we did this 4 times before they finally stopped moving us they moved the planes from one station to another. I can assure you that it is my families last time."
"We had a two hour delay at Philadelphia. Our return flight was over 3 hours late from Las Vegas. You almost spend more than 3 quarter a day just waiting for our flight. There is no reason given for the delay, it's like that is the norm for this Spirit. I will never use this carrier again. The seats are uncomfortable no recline in the chairs. Just because the cost of the ticket is discounted does not mean you treat people less than human."
"Arrived to the airport to find out our flight was delayed an hour which made me miss our connecting flight in Chicago so we forced to wait until 3.30pm in Chicago. No reason why the plane was delayed arrived in Chicago around 8:30am. My family and sat around all day at the airport then my flight was delayed again until 5:45pm. Called customer service to complain since I paid extra money to arrive in Las Vegas early. Waited about an hour on hold then then finally got someone who was rude and no help. The baggage fee is ridiculous then you want to charge $3 for a can soda after everyone just waited all day in the airport. The seats on 2 out of the 3 planes didn't recline at all. Then leaving Las Vegas our plane was delayed until 2am when it was suppose to leave at 10:30pm."
"Flight out from LaGuardia got cancelled, after I waited at the airport for 3 hours, ground staff was entirely unhelpful. Flight back from Chicago also got delayed 3 hours, once again, ground staff was entirely unhelpful."
"We flew round trip from Denver to Dallas and both of our flights were delayed 3+ hours. They did not announce the delay until we were already through security. Customer service was impossible to get ahold of and did not compensate for our stuggles. In addition the seats are uncomfortable and cramped."
"I booked a roundtrip flight with Spirit airlines for my husband and 3 children to visit family. The price on the tickets were the cheapest and I know the saying \"you get what you pay for\" but decided to take a chance. Although since they charge you for any carry-ons you have and of course any luggage you take with you then I should have figured it wasn't saving me any money! Wish I had gone with some other airline now. I dropped the family off to catch their departing flight and things seemed to go well. Since I wasn't traveling with them I could go to the gate with them so I left thinking that things were a-ok. Got a text after they had supposedly took off that they were still waiting. So departing flight was late taking off. A week later the flight my husband was to fly back on was delayed 6 hours. They told him bad weather in Chicago. I looked it up online and there was rain in Chicago but I have flown out of Chicago in a blizzard before so that was a bunch of nonsense. Here we are 2 weeks later and the flight is delayed again. Absolutely no explanation this time as to what caused the delay but I am hopping mad."
"We moved from Michigan in 1995 to Fort Myers Florida and have been flying Spirit since then. My father flew in from DTW and was scheduled to return to DTW on 18th June at 7:59pm from Fort Myers. When we arrived to the airport to check in at 6:00pm we were told by the gate agent that the flight was delayed and was now departing at 9:40pm. That flight was delayed and did not depart until 11:19pm from Fort Myers to Detroit. My 72 year old father was stuck at the airport from 6:30pm-11:19pm and did learn from one of the Spirit Airlines staff that it was because of a staffing issue that occured in Chicago. Apparently staff did not show up which caused the airline to be delayed. Weather delays I can understand - but not staffing. Very disappointed."
"Outbound flight was cancelled and try calling customer and after waiting for over an hour, I had to make another reservation on another airline. Coming back, the flight was cancelled as well. Again, when I received the notice, I could not reach customer service after holding for over an hour. If you are a leisure traveler and have no deadlines to meet, I think flying Spirit is ok. If you need to attend a meeting, do not fly this airline."
"I'm an Elite $9 Fare Club member. I fly Spirit a lot. I've had my share of delays and cancellations but generally have been OK with them - you get what you pay for? in January I booked a round trip flight ORD-LAX and paid $140 extra for the Big Front Seats for my husband and me. Today when I go to check in for my flight tomorrow I find I have no seats. There was a schedule change of a whopping 3 minutes on the return leg, and my seats (for which I have a receipt for) were released and repurchased by someone else. The first two Spirit employees tried telling me that when I clicked \"accept the schedule change\" that released my seats. No. According to the email my seat selection was voided before I \"accepted the schedule change\". What choice did I have? I guess once you pay for your seats you don't really have them after all. Super disappointed and angry about this. Until now I've been a staunch defender of them on social media, feeling that they got bashed a lot because people just didn't understand the policies. No more. And they really don't care. People will still buy their cheap tickets and be herded on the plane like cattle. They're laughing all the way to the bank."
"The flight, when everything is working, is good. Spirt handles disruptions very poorly. I flew Minneapolis to Boston through Chicago. I signed up for email notification from Spirit Airlines and I checked my email before leaving the house to the airport – saw a notice of a delay in Chicago. Got to the airport and noticed the flight had been canceled. I asked about why no email notification, they said the flight was just canceled. They booked me the next day out (the only option!). I showed up at the airport the next day (again I checked my email – no notice) the flight was delayed – 3 hours! (they had to wait for the last flight attendant). At the airport I pulled up my reservation on the web site (manage travel) and found my flight was routed to Fort Lauderdale – Myrtle Beach – Boston. (again no email notice of route change!). Finally left Minneapolis 3 hours late and arrived Chicago. I could not find a service counter and all the gate counters were busy loading people. I finally grabbed a person and mentioned that I think my flight reservations had changed but I had no boarding passes - he did finally find my rerouted arrangements and printed boarding passes. Got on a plane with only 20 other passengers, the gate agent mentioned that the airline scheduled a new flight just for us! We got to Fort Lauderdale one hour after the flight to Myrtle Beach left (so wouldn’t you think the airline would have known that a special flight taking off when it did wouldn’t arrive in time to connect with the outgoing flight). There was 14 of us in the same situation (trying to get to Boston) and were told to go out of the secured area and talk to the supervisor at the ticketing desk. We all had to wait in line with customers checking in. We finally got a service rep that set us all up with hotel and food vouchers for the night and some were scheduled on a morning flight to Boston and some, myself included, were scheduled out at 8 pm to fly to Myrtle Beach to connect with a flight to Boston getting into Boston Thursday AM. The 3 of us that were on the evening flight asked to be put on the standby list for the morning flight out. We got to our hotel at 11pm and we signed up for a hotel shuttle at 5am the next morning. We (the 3 of us) got to the airport Wed. morning and were successful in getting a seat on the 8:50am flight to Boston which went well. A side benefit of being on standby is that all 3 of us got exit row seats – more legroom. We got to Boston by noon Wed. So my trip: MSP – BOS Monday am to Wed noon. I did call Spirit and they agreed to move my return flight out a few days without charge since my flight had been canceled."
"4 adults and 2 children arrived at IAH airport at 4:30AM for a supposedly 6:05AM flight. Flight was delayed until 10:20AM due to flight crew never showing up. Made it to Chicago ORD by 1:45PM. On return flight 6/25, arrived at airport well in advance and flight boarded on time and we sat on the tarmac 50 minutes. Arrived in Houston and sat on tarmac 2hrs 40 minutes. The flight attendant seemed to run out of excuses as to why we had no gate. By the time we pulled into the gate (only 3) got our baggage the hotel shuttle where our vehicle was parked had stopped running and we had to pay a taxi to go pick up our vehicle. What you may think you are saving in $ you lose in time ($). This is the most disorganised airline. It frightens me that they can't get the US flights correct and they are flying international."
"I did not read the reviews like I usually do, because I was excited about the low fares. I read the reviews and there was so many negative comments. I checked my flight and it was delayed, by the time I got to the airport my flight was cancelled. The young lady at the desk said there was nothing she could do. There was a flight leaving the next day - unacceptable. She suggest I go to another airline and get a refund from Spirit. I had no choice so I lucked up on a Southwest flight. I went back to Spirit and got my refund for my one way flight because a full refund would of been not enough for another flight. Everyone in line had an issue. On my return flight it also was delayed, I made it home 1:00am. I don't know how this airline will survive. I did feel sorry for the poor young reservation lady because she had no help and had been working since the night before."
"1.5 hours late departure - no apology or explanation as to why. We literally sweated all the way here as the cabin was about 80-84 degrees. Waited for our baggage for over an hour to even start moving. This airline is not a \"value\". I've flown with them four times and not once has my flight been on time. This will be the last time I fly with them."
"My return flight from Denver to Ft Lauderdale was delayed but 3 times-and then cancelled with no explanation! The only options I was given were to be partially refunded, or wait for 2 days until the next available flight at an extra charge!! I chose the refund as I would rather spend an extra couple hundred dollars on a new ticket, than deal with the incompetence and apathy of this contemptible airline."
"This was a horrible flying experience - there was no flying. Arriving at DIA, checking in and getting to the gate there was already a delay. The departure time was 7:15am and was moved to 8:30am, to 11:30am, to 1:30pm, then to 3:30pm and cancelled at 3:45pm. Proceeded to the ticket counter for what could be done for alternate leaving. It took 6 hours in line to get to a counter person. There was at least 80 people in the same line, same problem and 1 customer rep to help. By the time assistance was spoken with it was too late for any other flights departing. I spent the first day of my \"vacation\" in DIA for 17 hours. Myself and any other passengers on this flight with Spirit will never fly with this airline again."
"Our flight to Houston from BWI was cancelled at the gate at time of boarding. Little explanation other than aircraft broken. Gate and counter-staff were apathetic, unhelpful, and unsympathetic. I have never seen employees that hated their jobs as much as Spirit Airlines ground staff. It was apparent that cancellations are the rule rather than the exception. This was our first and last attempt to fly Spirit."
"This airline makes you think you are saving money! You pay for a cheap flight and in the end you pay so much more money. My flight from Cleveland To Vegas was delayed then returning the front desk attendant caused my husband and I to miss our flight. We had to get out of line to print boarding passes on the machines (which we didn't know because leaving Cleveland the machines were broken) - during the time we got out of line and input all the info needed on the computer a ticket printed saying see the front desk. We wait in line again get up to the desk and the attendant says we don't have enough time to make the flight. She wasted so much time giving us the run around then said we didn't have enough time to make it to the gate. If she would have just printed our ticket we could have made it. The desk attendant decided that we were to leave in the next flight leaving 24 hrs later. No hotel accommodations or help. I told my husband to ignore the reviews and to give it a chance and we did. We will never make the mistake of flying Spirit again."
"We arrived on time and before we checked in, we were told the flight was cancelled to DFW \"because of the crew.\" There were probably 50 other passengers for this flight and Spirit had 1 lady trying to rebook or refund each passenger. The option for the first few passengers that were helped was to stay another night, fly all the way to Chicago, then back to DFW by 10pm the next day. The only option for the rest of the 40 passengers was to get on a flight two days later! We opted for the refund because we would rather spend hundreds of extra dollars than think of ever flying Spirit Airlines again."
"My family flew with Spirit Airlines June 17 2015. Our flight was delayed 7 hours until 1:15 am because the airline did not have staff to fly the plane. That is not acceptable. I have 3 children under 7 so it was quite miserable to sit there 7 hours well into the night with them and then finally get to our destination at 3:30 am and then have to pick up a rental car. I think what made me the most mad was when Spirit still charged for snacks after we waited 7 hours for them. I will pay the extra money for now on and go with a different airline."
"I checked two hours before my flight to make sure it was on time. Upon my arrival I was informed that the flight was cancelled and I could not get another flight until Friday, which is three days from now. I made a reservation on Delta for Thursday. So far I am out the cost of my Spirit ticket, taxi fare plus the cost of a ticket on Delta. Spirit Airlines is the worst airline ever, their customer service is beyond words. If I could give them a zero I would."
"It may be cheap but you certainly get what you pay for. My returning flight from Las Vegas to LA was canceled, and there wouldn't be another flight until later that evening. Horrible customer service and how the situation is handled is worse. If you're trying to save money, just spend the extra $50 and purchase another flight from a reliable airline."
"After boarding we were informed there was going to be a delay due to a minor mechanical issue and we needed to deplane. After waiting several hours we were told the flight was cancelled. We had two choices - a refund or wait 2 days before we could be put on another plane. Could not find another affordable flight from Houston, so we had to take a flight from San Antonio the next day on a different airline on a flight that took us 7 hours to get to Cancun. Lost a night at the hotel and many hours of frustration. I understand the mechanical issue is out of their control but they should have ways to accommodate any canceled flights. I don't mind waiting for another flight but do mind waiting 2 days."
"Our flight was cancelled, and the next flight they offered us was two days later. No help with hotels or any kind of reimbursement other than a refund for our cheap tickets. We ended up re-booking with another airline, which of course cost more money than what Spirit refunded us. You may think you are saving money by booking with Spirit, but if they cancel your flight and leave you stranded (which appears to be a common occurrence) it will end up costing you more than if you had gone with a reliable airline. When they emailed us that the flight was cancelled, the phone number they provided to reach them did not actually connect with anything. None of the phone numbers we tried got through to anyone. Ridiculous."
"The only saving grace was the commiserating of the passengers once we boarded. It is not a bargain. Checked bags are $50, carry-on bags are $55 with vague definitions as to what constitutes a carry-on from a personal item. If deemed a carry-on at the gate you are charged $100 (as a punishment?). There are zero amenities. They charge 10 dollars to chose your seat at the kiosk, $40 at the gate. The in flight soda is even $3. So regarding price, it ends up on average actually being approximately $100-150 more expensive than the US Air, the next tier up. The seats have far less room, comically so. I am writing this from inside the plane on the runway and am scrunched up to hold my phone in front of me. My seat as well as a few others around me is broken, the cabin smells unpleasant and there is trash everywhere! I almost missed my flight as there was one person at the possible 6 stations taking the bags as we boarded. In the end, just avoid taking this airline. There are zero benefits to it, and we were just delayed by two hours. I do want to add that the flight attendant was actually very kind."
"I've been using Spirit for 2years because my husband lives in Chicago and I am a student in Minneapolis. At the beginning Spirit airlines had the best prices: $60 roundtrip and they were usually on time. For about 4 month their prices went up (more than other airlines). Worse than that is the fact they frequently cancel their flight with the excuse that the weather is not good but no other airlines cancel their flight! This is the last time I used them. I feel bad because I think they are assuming that the consumers are stupid."
"This was supposed to be my wife's and I first family vacation with our two young sons. Because of the extra cost of two extra tickets my wife and I decided to shop for a deal and try and save as much money as possible on airfare. We found these tickets at about eighty dollars cheaper than those for American, and decided that saving was enough to get us to try this airline. I wish I had paid the extra money! What really got me angry enough to write a review, which I may have done twice in my life, is the fact that not only do they make you pay for luggage, but they make you do it each way! There's also the seating. We had one stop from Denver to the Dominican Republic, which meant we would ride a total of 4 aircrafts for the round trip. That means you have to pay for seating 4 times. Or risk it like the lady at the counter told us. She went on and on about how booked the flight was, and about how their system assigned random seating unless we pay for it, and about how she could do nothing if our two year old son got separated from us on the flight and that the only way to guarantee that wouldn't happen was to pay for it. So we did. The plane was half empty all for times."
"Spirit fare is cheaper than most airlines, but are the worse in customer services. It is better to pay a little more at different airline and have better service. On my last flight, when we arrived at the airport, the airline just canceled the flight saying it was a cancel in Chicago due to rain. No other airlines had the delay. We had to book a different flight and lost 1 day and 1 night worth for hotel and car rental. Spirit does nothing to accommodate that. A little delay is fine and no airline is perfect."
"My recent trip was definitely one of the worst experiences I've had. Let's put aside the usual complaints, such as \"everything is extra\" (seats, bags, non-alcoholic drinks, etc.). Let's even put aside obfuscated surprises, such as the announcement at the gate that \"If you want to bring onboard a roller board bag, you need to pay $100 before we can let you on the airplane.\" And let's put aside the fact that there was no inflight service unless you press the attendant button and specifically ask for it. All of the above has to do with the business model, and for some passengers, it may be okay. The basic problem that struck me on my connection through O'Hare was operational incompetence. For starters, the Spirit airlines connecting flights were not posted on the main electronic boards. The reason was that no one knew when the fights were going to leave, or from what gates. When I asked different gate attendants, I got different answers. The good news was that the Spirit Airlines announcement boards at individual gates did have destinations posted. That bad news was that these seemed to be irrelevant to actual flights departing from those gates. If you can imagine the chaos from what appeared to be a few hundred people packed into small gate areas awaiting multiple flights, all trying to figure out when their flight leaves and from what gates, then you get the picture. On my particular connecting flight, the \"Delay Story\" was that a single flight attendant was needed to complete the crew, and he/she would not arrive for an indeterminate (story kept changing) number of hours. I am back, safely at home after a return flight to BWI that was thankfully uneventful. This will be my last Spirit Airlines adventure - ever. If there was a rating that assigned negative stars, I would use it. But alas, I have to go with the format."
"Undependable, rude service. My last round trip one flight was delayed 7 hrs (weather delay which I know you can't control) the other 4hrs. The flight with 8 hr delay - myself and a few passengera went out to the desk because we could not rebook at gate which doesn't make sense. There was 15 to 20 people in line, and five behind counter and two standing infront. Four were helping the same customer, 2 were on their phones, and the last one was sitting on the luggage carousel. When I finally got to front I asked about re-booking, she informed me there were only 4 seats for following days flight. Told if I want to get where I'm going I should just be patient and wait. I smiled and walked away and \"patiently waited\". On my return flight, it was at 1.30pm, I started getting emails at 8am that it was going to be delayed and gate changed. I paid for seat and checked bag online in order to get through faster, but there was no bag drop line so had to wait in line for 40 minutes to get a tag for bag. When got to the counter I was told the flight was delayed again and L7 was the new gate. When arrived at airports both times after landing late, had to sit on runway for an hour to get a gate. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Communication is non-existent. We got a text the morning of our flight out telling us that there was a 5 hour delay. Fortunately we looked online for other flights and discovered our flight was ontime - we never got another text, if we hadn't looked, we would have missed the flight. Got to the airport and after waiting awhile looked to see there was a 2 hour delay. OK, all airlines have delays now and then - no big deal. The customer service though was miserable, they never made any sort of announcement. It is important to note that the plane was about half empty. I assume that is because the text told everyone that it was delayed 6 hours. Family was meeting in Las Vegas, their flight was cancelled and Spirit would do nothing for them - would not even get them on a flight the next day. They requested a refund for the outgoing flight and without them asking Spirit refunded both flights and would not allow them to fly home either (even though that flight was not cancelled). It cost several hundred dollars to book on a different airline. This airline does nothing to help their customers when they cancel flights and they do it all the time."
"I took the flight from Tampa to Houston on Sunday June 14. The flight was delayed for 4 hours without any valid reason. There was no one at the customer service counter who can give any proper update. Today is Friday June 19, 2015 and I am taking Spirit flight 314 from Houston to Tampa. This flight is supposed to leave at 4:31PM local time and the plane is at the gate but they just announced that flight will be delayed until 6:00PM - and this time the reason is there is no crew to fly this plane. They are waiting a flight from Los Angeles and that flight crew will fly this plane. I am a frequent traveller from Tampa to Houston and I can say the airfare is not cheap and then I have to pay $30 each way for a small carry on. I have learnt my lesson and I will recommend at my family and friends not to fly on Spirit Airlines."
"Cancelled flights (Houston-Detroit) for reportedly bad weather condition (no cancellation on Delta and American on the same route by the same time). Some customers had to stay for 2 days waiting for their flight. People left alone in their misery without help. The flight was actually good and the crew as well, although they had a 16 hours day behind. Due to the unreliability I will not pursue to take flight with Spirit. Whatever I heard from colleagues was similar stories. Rather rise the air fare a little bit but get your customers to their destinations."
"The beginning of this trip was great. My sister was getting married and the flights from DTW-Ft Lauderdale and Ft Lauderdale - Punta Cana were just fine. A week later when we were getting ready to head home we were forced to wait for over five hours in the airport only to learn that Spirit was not flying us home at this time. My newlywed sister was spilt from her new husband because they could get him on a flight out and told him if he didn't take it then he couldn't leave the country. After this Spirit said we would be flying out the next day but the night when we got the flight information my family of 8 and I were not on the list. After trying for hours to get ahold of customer service we were told the earliest they could get us home was Saturday and that was not a promise! We were left stranded in another country with no idea how to get home or how to talk any Spanish in order to figure out how to get home. As a family we had to buy tickets from a different airline to get home. Spirit would not transfer us to a different airline. All I can say is awful!"
"Worst airline I have been on, and I have travelled throughout the US, Europe, Asia and even Africa. Spirit is the absolute worst! Booking was lengthy and not simple, had to sign up on their website to book anything! You have to pay them $10 if you do not bring your boarding pass printed, and they do not accept e-tickets! You have to pay $55 for any carry-on with wheels! Your have to pay $65 for 1 piece of checked luggage! You pay $100 dollars for checked luggage at the airport if you do not pay the $55 online! So in other words you don't save any money flying with the Spirit airlines, by the time you pay for a carry-on or any checked luggage! My flight was delayed twice, over 2 hours out of Las Vegas, and the Spirit employees couldn't care less! Was told that the delay was the result of their inability to find a pilot and crew for the plane, and it happens all of the time - that's what an employee openly told me and a group of passengers! When another passenger complained and said that she would never fly with Spirit again, a flight attendant told her \"that's what everyone says, we'll see you next week\"."
"I wish I would have read the reviews before I booked my flight. My review will be no different than all the rest. Its plain and simple, You get what you pay for. Spirit delayed my flight 3 times then out of the blue cancelled it. Left me high and dry in Dallas. The web site is awful to try and use, couldn't get anywhere on there and their call center had me on hold for 45 minutes. All in all my \"discount\" tickets cost me almost $1,500 now with additional hotel, food and missed work. The words never again come to mind."
"I made sure I knew all of the baggage and seat costs, no problem. Checked in on line and boarding passes printed, reconfirmed departure literally minutes before and early arrival to baggage drop. The plane was the oldest I'd ever seen, flight was late to depart and our baggage took forever but we got in ok. The return flight on June 17th was an entirely different story. After following the same process as above, checking in and confirming the flight and arriving early, we were met by an agent who advised us our flight was canceled, and we would need to go to the end of a line of about 100 people. We waited in line for 4 hours, with no word on what or why this was happening, while one and sometimes two people at the counter tried to rebook flights and checked in another flight that also eventually cancelled. There were two \"supervisory\" looking gentlemen walking among the hundreds of irate customers who could not be more indifferent or condescending. We were told our contract stated they had 24 hours to accommodate us on a flight. It does nothing for customer relations to strand people in Denver airport with no transportation or hotel help. We realized we would not be traveling on Spirit and were actually happy to take another carrier. We were not accommodated within 24 hours. Our flight left the next day about 32 hours later. We had to pay for a shuttle to take us back to the airport the next day at an additional $95.00 and repurchase bag fees on United for $50.00. For the little I saved using Spirit, I should have booked Southwest (my usual carrier) or Frontier - or anyone else and paid more to save my time and sanity."
"We were delayed leaving Mexico and missed our connector to NY. I am very aware that sometime this stuff happens but they said they couldn't get us out of Florida for 3 days. I booked them through a travel site because of timing and when we tried to get our tickets they charged us an additional $450 for checked luggage and carry-ons. Also charged me to sit next to my children because they don't guarantee seating."
"This was my first time using this airline and trust and believe me when I say never again. Arrived at Tampa International for my 10.30am flight, was delayed to 11.30am. Then it was delayed at 12 and 2pm and finally at 4 pm we board the plane. We are almost getting to Chicago, when the plane is diverted to Detroit, keep in mind we had a connecting flight to Vegas in Chicago. We sat on the tarmac for 90 mins for refueling, we were not allowed off the plane. The plane finally arrives in Chicago at 9pm. Now our connecting flight is delayed. Needless to say we arrived the following morning."
"The same departure day we were told the air line was behind the schedule, about an hour really. They have very uncomfortable seats, what we found out is that we did not save much; it is not convenient to fly with them in all aspects. I will never recommend them unless there is an emergency and there are no more choices."
"June 19 2015 is my first time to take my wife to Yellowstone. We planned this for several weeks and design a very detailed route for our trip. We estimated everything except the horrible flight - the Spirit. We reached at 4 pm, 90 mins before set off and we been told delay right after checking in. The time move to 8:00 PM and nobody explain why. After 3 hours waiting we found departure time changed to 12:00pm and no one even told us! We asked the clerks and they just said they dont know with fake smile. We kept waiting until 11:00pm and been told by other passenger that the flight was cancelled! None of the Spirit clerks told us this! One old clerk just told us to refund or rebook at 1st floor and refused to tell me any further details. We reached the 1st floor and spent about 2 hours got refund and took my luggage out. Of course, refund was just about what you paid for the tickets. They didn't care about screwing my planned trip. The losses of the reservation of hotel in the Yellowstone , the renting car and the time I spent on airport and preparation of the trip. Simply to say, no Spirit anymore. again!"
"I write this as I sit on the tarmac in Houston 3 hours after we should have left. I understand delays, no problem. However the disorganized operation is hard to ignore. Getting answers like, \"the plane will board once the arriving plane is empty\" or \"we'll take off as soon as they finish fueling\" are a little frustrating. After sitting on the Tarmac for about 45 minutes I asked for water and was told the would charge me in flight for my water. I questioned that they charged for water and was told \"Spirit Airline charges for everything\". Never again."
"My wife and I were to leave Denver at 11.30pm on our way to a wedding in Mrytle Beach. Our flight was delayed by 3 hours, we were told it was due to weather come to find out the plane had to stop short of Denver to take on Fuel. We missed our connecting flight the next day and had to stay in Ft Lauderdale airport for 14 hours. When asked what they were going to do about it the agent stated (We are not required to do anything if the flight is delayed due to weather). I find it hard to believe that out of all the flights into Denver that night that Spirit was the only delay as it showed on the airport Departure/arrival board. This is how they treat customers by lying to them."
"My wife and I were scheduled to fly from Detroit to La Guardai at 6.15 am on Sunday June 14th. We were on flight 316. At boarding time we were notified there would be a 30 minute delay because there was no first officer. Then there was a delay until 7 am. That was followed with delays until 8, 9 and 10 am. finally, they notified us that the flight was cancelled and that we should go down to their rebooking line. (The fact that they even have a re-booking line should have been a warning). The line was several hours long. By the time I reached the agent the soonest they said that they could re-book us was 2:45 pm the next day. They were not even going to provide a hotel or food vouchers until we complained because we live only 50 miles from the airport. The customer service we received was the worst that I have experienced. They kept us in the dark the entire time as to what really was going on. While sitting in the airport I could see on the departure board that several spirit flights had been cancelled. I will never use this airline again."
"Our flight was delayed nearly 6 hours before it was finally cancelled. The reason it was cancelled was because there weren't enough personnel (flight attendants, pilots) to fly the plane that also wasn't available for use. Spirit Airline's definitely knew this information at the start of the day yet chose to elude their customers that everything was on schedule and that a plane was \"on it's way from Chicago\" (for over 5 hours). After the flight was cancelled, all of the passengers were required to wait in a line where the Spirit Airlines staff seemed to be taking pleasure in the fact that many vacations, plans, etc. were ruined because of the horrible logistical planning on your part. Hotel vouchers, meal vouchers, flights made via other airlines were not provided after this error. Personally, I was so fed up with Spirit's horrible customer service that I opted for a refund and ended up renting a car to drive 14-hours overnight to make it back to Chicago in time for work the next day. Even though it cost me more money and time to drive a car then to fly with Spirit, it was the only option that I was given that didn't result in me missing 2 days of work or more. I will never fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"When Leaving St Thomas we had to fly to Fort Lauderdale Florida to connect with a flight to DFW. First we were told we would be leaving 20 min late from 3.30 to 3.50 due to mechanical issue then about an hr after that they delayed us 4 more hrs for the same issue then an 1 hr later after that we were told the plane was on approach, surprised to hear that so now it was an hr and 15 min that from the original time promised. After fumbling around the cockpit for another 30 min after boarding and sitting on an empty runway we are told we are wait for 2 aircrafts to land. No one landed the on the runway. We take off finally after sitting there for another 20 min on the runway. We land in Fort Lauderdale and our connecting flight from there left 18 mins before we landed. This left us high and dry. Spirit gave us an 'I really don't care attitude' when they came back with no real solution except for a flight out the next day that went to several stops up to Detroit, Chicago and then finally to Dallas 7 hrs later. It would have left at 12 noon and landed in Dallas after 11pm. We had to pay $450 for 2 tickets on American which worked flawlessly."
"I was suppose to fly out of Houston at 9.05pm and still am still waiting to take off. The flight was delayed for 2 hours without any notification and no reason. Once we boarded the plane we were sitting for an hour before we were notified that we would not be able to land in San Diego due to a curfew. This airline is unreliable. This is my first and last time I will be flying with them."
"No value. $35 for carry on. No leg room (I am 5'4\"). No wifi. No food/drinks for 3hr+ flight. Never again!"
"We were scheduled to depart from Chicago at 10.44 am for San Diego and we were notified of a delay. The flight had been delayed for 2 hours. As we changed our travel plans we got a message that the flight was now only delayed by an hour we rushed to the airport to realise that the flight was now scheduled for 1.30pm (3 hour delay). The gate was changed 4 times and the mayhem that ensued was not managed at all. The ground staff was unhelpful and extremely disrespectful. We spent the extra $35 on big room seats and that was a saving grace. Honestly, if you value your time and want to be treated with some decency while travelling avoid Spirit."
"Well first they took off an hour late, and they didn't tell us why. We finally landed and we've been sitting here for an hour waiting for a gate to open. Also, they have no wifi, the seats are very uncomfortable, and the food and drinks are so expensive. M&M's alone are $4 and 1 bag of nuts and 2 beers are $15. Don't you think that's a little ridiculous. I'm currently writing this while still on the plane that I've been on for 3 and a half hours that should have been about 2."
"Our flight was supposed to be at 7pm, then they delayed it until 10pm, then at 10pm they announced that the flight was cancelled. They also cancelled another flight and everyone had to wait to rebook or get a refund. We had to stay in line for over 2 hours, to finally find out that they could only rebook for the next day at 8pm. The staff did not seem to care at all."
"Initial flight from DFW to Baltimore was smooth and we even arrived early. However this return flight has been horrible. The past 2 days the flight from Baltimore to DFW has been cancelled due to lost pilots or no flight attendants. This third day the same issue is occuring where they cant find a pilot. The airlines management needs a total rework. You can tell their representatives are not being informed and their staff are not professional. The initial flight time was at 8 am. They wait until 12pm to cancel the flight. I would never recommend Spirit."
"This flight was cancelled at the very last minute because of lack of staffing. The customer service is terrible. We all had to wait in line to find alternative transportation. This took me from 9.40pm until 4.30am. This is unacceptable! No hotel vouchers were offered, and only a $7.00 food voucher. An insult! $50 toward my next ticket was also applied to my account. It will not be used, as I will not use this airline again. I had to wait until 2.20pm the next afternoon to get a flight out. This was to Dallas, where I had a three hour layover, and arrived in Detroit at 12.40am. A full 24 hour delay with no hotel voucher. Would not recommend this airline to anyone."
"The day started early but great. The whole family was going to Cancun. The fun stopped very early at the Airport with a gate change that soon lead to flight delay. Setting with a family of 8 we held our own and was excited to hear the crew had arrived to check the plane. An hour and a half goes by and still no word. People around us also started wondering, then we hear another announcement that the crew has arrived and are checking the plane. This leads to another hour delay until it was announced that the flight was canceled. When I asked why, I was told the crew never showed up. We rushed to gate to get a refund and change airlines. That was a whole other problem of an unorganized department of Spirit. They had police waiting because they knew flight was going to be cancelled and people were going to be upset. I saw trash outside where it had been dumped by ground crew and our luggage was never placed onto the plane, but was left out in the rain. Never saw one ground crew or the inside of the plane"
"Last flight with Spirit. Pitiful experience. Our family of 6 purchased our tickets in Dec. for our trip to MX this week. On the day of travel, just as we were heading out of the door, Spirit notified me by email our flight was delayed. Then a couple of hours later, another delay. So I decided to call Spirit to find out what was going on. After 1.5 hour hold on the phone I was finally able to speak to a human. The supervisor I spoke with explained that our flight was not delayed but cancelled, due to unforeseen weather. I immediately jumped on DFW airport website to see if other flights were being delayed or cancelled as it was partly cloudy in DFW. The supervisor then tells me that the next available flight he can move us to is on Friday the 19th and all Spirit can do is offer us a refund or move our flight to Friday, with no solution for the condo's we have paid for starting the 16th. I don't feel that Spirit was honest about the flight cancellation. Spirit's uncaring and unwavering position is totally unacceptable, which is the reason we will not spend our hard-earned money with this airline again."
"Flight to Detroit on June 12th with no problem, except for weather delays and the gate changed three times before we left. My return flight, different story - I drove 2 hours to return to Detroit to get a nonstop flight to Houston at 7:30 a.m. Flight kept getting delayed due to no flight attendants. 4 hours later, they cancelled the flight due to the same reason. Sent us to the desk at baggage claim area where there was no organization. All the clerk would do was schedule me a flight out the next afternoon, I told her this was not good enough as I needed to be back in Houston. I asked to be booked on another airline but was told this was not an option as they have seats available on their airline. She said all she could do was to give me a refund of this flight and 3 $7.00 meal tickets and I could go upstairs and find another airline to fly on. Very unprofessional and no courtesy at all. After spending 18 hours in the Detroit airport, I finally got home on another airline. I do not recommend this airline."
"Their customer support is horrible, very unfriendly, and cancel flights at the drop of a hat when all other airlines are still flying. My girlfriend and I had been planning a trip to Cabo San Lucas for 5 months and were supposed to be meeting about 15 other friends there in June 2015. We arrived at the Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas at 6 am. Our flight didnt leave until 10.35 am. We had been on their website constantly checking our flight status to make sure it was going to be ontime, which it was up until about 30 mins before our flight. Then for no reason at all, it was cancelled. They said due to bad weather, but when questioned about why they arent flying, but all other airlines in the airport are flying, they couldnt give a direct answer. Spend the little extra to get yourself and your family on a reputable airline."
"This is the second time we have flown Spirit and it will be the last! We were notified by email on the afternoon of our departure that our flight would leave two hours later than expected. Therefore my husband and I decided not to rush and left for the airport a little later that we would have if our flight was going to be on time. About half way to the airport, we get another email now saying the flight had been moved up again and would be leaving in 1.5 hours. We hurried to the airport, paid extra for valet parking so that we would not miss our flight. Then we were all packed and ready to return home to Chicago and we received an email saying our flight was delayed. Then we got another email saying our flight back to Chicago was cancelled! My husband called Spirit and was on hold for 1 hour and 10 minutes only to be told that Spirit could not get us to Chicago until Friday and this was Monday evening! We were told to go to the airport and talk to them which we did at 10.00 am this morning only to find out that there are no Spirit employees even at the airport until 4.00 p.m. and there were not even any kiosk signs for Spirit. It was if they didn't even exist. We then had to pay over $1000 to fly home on Alaska because we have jobs and could not wait another 4 days to get home. I will never fly this airline again. They are rude, unprofessional and furthermore, after you pay for everything a la carte, you could fly a reputable airline for the same price or less."
"Worst flight experience. Arrived at 6.00am for a 7.15am Spirit flight to San Diego. At 6.25am they announced the flight was delayed until 10am. Then 11.25, then 12.20, then 3.30pm, then 5.40pm then cancelled. We rebooked on a 6.40pm flight to Las Vegas. It was delayed until 8.00, 8.40,9.05, then 10.45pm. It was finally cancelled. We all ran to the ticket counter for refunds and info. Its 11.24pm and there is over 50 people in line still waiting. Spirit gets a F+ for lying to us and a total lack of communication. The gate agents even disappeared for a long time."
"I flew with my husband to Fort Lauderdale, FL from NYC for a weekend vacation. Their were delays on the outbound flight (which we were notified of in a timely manner) but nothing major. However, the return flight was quite different. Our flight on Sunday 14th of June was cancelled so we were given three solutions: 1) take the next direct flight to NYC on Tuesday the 16th (not an option as we had to work on Monday) 2) Get the refund for this flight and book a last minute flight (much more expensive) with a different airline. 3) Fly the Atlantic City on Monday (arriving in the afternoon) and take another transportation (that we would have to pay) all the way to New York. The person at the front desk was trying to help us as best as she could, just following the directions of the airline. We decided to get the refund found another flight for Monday morning. We also had to pay for an extra night at the hotel. I guess we got what we paid for - low cost tickets also mean low cost service."
"We booked our honeymoon to Cancun flying with Spirit and this was the worst thing we could of done. We got there 2 hours early and there was already a huge line. 30 minutes before we were suppose to take off they canceled our flight because the crew did not show up. Not sure what the real problem was, but we were given the option to wait to find other flights or get a full refund. Due to the lack of information we decided to cancel our trip. If there was an option to give them a zero I would. Avoid."
"Luckily I did some reasearch the day prior to my flight which helped me saved quite a few fees I was totally clueless too. Unfortunately, I didn't check up on the customers' satisfaction. I arrived an hour before my flight to print my pas and that's when the screen proceeds to inform me the flight was cancelled. All they wanted to do was refund my money or put me on a flight for the next day. The customer reps seem to careless about the situation and let me know straight up it's either I take it or leave it. Weird unh, because if I was the one cancelling my reservation, I would get fined up to a $150 but when they mess up, you're suppose to accept it like it's natural. They were very non cooperative. This was my first and will definitely be my last experience with them."
"Thought we would save some money for a quick trip to Philadelphia. Our flight was to leave at 2:30pm. We started getting delays and gate changes on the way to the airport. We got to the airport around 12:30 with the updated delay now at 3:30. The gate attendant kept saying that they are waiting on the pilot and co-pilot. Talk about throwing the pilots under the bus - wow. I'm sure the pilots were delayed from their flight coming in however the gate agents didn't say that, just that they were waiting on the pilots to show up. This was a constant announcement for several hours. Then about 5:30pm the gate agent announced that they are giving our plane to the Denver route since we don't have pilots. At 6:30pm the gate agent announced that our flight was cancelled and to follow her to the ticket counter out front. The scene was crazy. We were lucky to be toward the very front of the line. I can't even imagine how long people were waiting. The lines were horrific, incredible lack of professionalism, and then no flight. I would never recommend this airline."
"We arrived at the airport in plenty of time to check bags - 30 minutes before boarding the flight was cancelled. Spent the next 3 hours waiting in line with the rest of the passengers. Apparently Spirit cancelled every flight departing from Houston at the last minute. All other airlines were flying without issue. Needless to say my entire vacation was ruined. 5 - 7 business days to refund the flight and baggage fees! The fare is not cheaper once you pay for all the \"extras\"."
"Do not fly this airline unless you have no other choice. If you're looking at price, consider that you may have up to $100 in additional fees each way when you're comparing to other airlines if you're checking a bag. Pay attention to the fine print and the even finer print when you're thinking about checking or carrying on bags. This is hands down the worst experience I have had on an airline, and I'm not half done with my trip yet. I am sitting in the airport delayed 4 hours for my first and last Spirit Airlines flight (except for the flight home, which I unfortunately have to endure)."
"This Company has the worst Customer service I have ever had to deal with. I had a flight leaving from Denver to LA. It was delayed twice at the last minute and finally cancelled after four hours. I waited in line for 4 hours and was nowhere close to being helped. I asked to speak to a manager because I am in the military and needed to get a refund so I could book another flight. I was told there was nothing they could do for me. I tried to call Customer service and was on hold for 2 hours waiting for someone to help. I finally had my family come get me and booked another flight on another airline for the next day. I never did get to talk to someone after being at the airport for 8 hours. It is not worth the price to fly this airline."
"Flight attendant scheduling issue! Passengers were supposed to board plane at 6.30 am for a 7.15 departure but there aren't any flight attendants with little to no updates on when we will depart. Flight does not show delayed for people in Tampa to pick up parties. I will never fly a cheap airline like Spirit again as there is no money saved since no food or drinks are served free and bags (checked or carry on) are expensive."
"Flew internationally from Costa Rica in hopes to arrive in Dallas. When we arrived in fort Lauderdale, we were in the process of customs for over 1.5 hours causing us to be late to the connecting flight. Even though the airplane was still there and finishing prep work for the flight, they would not let us on the plane because \"the doors are already closed\". We asked about a different flight and were told that there was no other flight to leave that day. That was incorrect because there was another flight to leave 20 minutes after ours to dallas that we may have been able to get on. After sitting at the ticket counter for over 1 hour, we were told by a \"supervisor\" that there was nothing we could do and we would need to wait till the next day. We were lucky enough to rebook with Southwest airlines (who had a 2 minute ticket counter wait). I will never fly Spirit again!"
"We got here 2.5 hrs early to buy our bags. But they wouldn't take payments over the phone and we couldn't buy them online without having to call customer service. We've been on hold with them for 1.5 hrs and still haven't been connected. A lot of flights have been cancelled due to 'weather', and they only tell the passengers when they go to get their boarding pass. They don't email or call them to let them know."
"I made the poor decision to fly Spirit. Not only was the flight over 2 hours late going and over 1 hour late on my return trip I did not receive an email informing me of the delay until after we took off. The women at the gate did not know that we had our second delay until I asked here when we would be arrive since we had yet another delay she said it was not delayed again then I told her to look at the sign behind her! She was very rude and unprofessional. I will never fly Spirit again!!"
"First and last time using this airline, I was at first willing to oversee the fact that our departure plane was running over an hour late and that I paid $100 for 2 carry ons (I should have read their guidelines ahead of time) but when it was time to return I did the check in online and prepaid for baggage and when I arrived to airport I still had to stand in line to get my baggage labels and then I had to drop them off myself to the drop off station and it was still $80 for pre paid baggage. Then our plane was delayed, then 2 hours later they told us it was cancelled because of \"bad weather\", other flights were taking off. I believe since it was one of the last flights of the day and since the airplane wasn't full they gave preference to other flights with more people. Then they told us to go out of security to talk to customer service. There was a huge line and it turned out the next flight was going to be until Monday, I would need to spend 2 additional nights there, we ended up renting a car a driving home, we requested a refund which we will get a partial refund and will take 10 business days to get processed. Cheaper is definitely not better, never again."
"My wife scheduled a flight from Detroit to New York on Saturday June 14th. We had to get up at 4am to drive the 45 miles to the airport to catch a 6.15 am flight. Not a problem doing that. It is a fair exchange for a low cost flight. I drive back home and expect to hear from my wife around 9am that she is safe and sound in New York. Instead I get a phone call that the flight has been delayed because they did not have a 2nd officer available. She and about 200 other passengers were kept waiting with no information other than they were \"working on it\". It turns out the pilots were on strike. Flights were available on other airlines at affordable rates early in the day. by the time they told them the flight was cancelled almost all flights were gone or would have cost $600+ more. They offered a refund or they would try and reschedule. They sent everyone to baggage claim where there were no chairs and no particular order of processing. It was a stampede. After 5 hours of standing my wife was finally scheduled for the next day at 9.15am but the flight they gave her was wrong and the connection in Philly was wrong. She ended up in DC and did not get to NYC until 4.30pm, 7 1/4 hours later. So they got her there but at what cost to us with additional gas and time. They are not worth the headache."
"My flight was scheduled to leave at 2.25pm. On my arrival I found out it was delayed until 3.35pm.Then the schedule changed 3 more times, I finally flew out at 6.45pm. Very unsatisfied with their services."
"The worst experience of my life. 6 hour delay with no help or info from staff. Gate got changed twice and if it wasn't for other people who had their updates sent to their email none of the other people would have know. The workers were clueless about everything. Once we finally flew to Vegas we waited on the plane for an hour and a half for a gate to open so we could get off. I had my 3 year old with me and she was crying because she was tired and hungry. It is now 6.30 am I'm finally with family, this all started at 7pm Chicago time the day before. Never again will I fly Spirit."
"My family and I have flown Spirit Airlines before, and we have long realized that with the steep discounts of their fare structure, that our flights are going to lack some of the frills of other airlines. I know that I/we are going to be charged a significant premium for our baggage and will travel in very cramped/uncomfortable seats unless we pay the big surcharge. We understand that, and we have long adjusted to the way this company will charge. My problem exists with the way this business is run, in terms of the unexplained flight delays, maintenance of the planes, and late cancellations. First flight out of Fort Lauderdale, initially explained that \"someone was sick\", was delayed 3 hours - missed a meeting in Piitsburgh. Traveled to FL, delayed 1.5 hours (unexplained), broken seats in partially reclined position, air fans not working in our part of plane (very congested and warm) for 2.5 hours. For this last Spirit flown vacation, we did not even get what we paid for, we got a whole lot less!"
"Do not fly Spirit unless you have lots of time to spare. My flight from Denver to Minneapolis was canceled on Sunday June 14, 2015 afternoon due to the fact that they did not have a pilot. There was only one agent at the Denver desk helping people who had to be rescheduled. The wait in line was well over 1 hour. The next direct flight on Spirit was two days later ! All other airlines were totally booked for that evening. They would not put me on a direct Delta flight for the next morning. It was a very bad experience. It was a very costly experience."
"We were delayed 2 hrs on our flight from Denver to Los Angeles. Now on our return flight we are delayed 1 hr to begin with. The plane has landed but now it is delayed for 1-2 hrs because there is no crew for the plane. This is ridiculous. 2 of their flights were cancelled today and 3 have been delayed."
"My first time flying with Spirit. It was by far the worst experience I've had. Our flight was scheduled to leave on June 11th at 8.30 pm from Denver to Detroit. When we got to the airport, we saw it was delayed until 10.30 pm. I wasn't too upset, I can wait for a little while. Then when we returned again to our gate, it was delayed again until 11.30 pm. So another hour, so we sit and wait. Then I received an email that our flight was cancelled. I walked up to the attendants behind the counter, he told us due to weather they had to cancel, but we can talk with someone at the Terminal to find out what our options were. My mother and I had to go across the airport to talk about rescheduling our flight. We found out that the next available flight was on Saturday, June 13th. We couldn’t wait that long. I started to look on Spirit’s website and found a flight to Cleveland, OH. This was somewhat close to where we needed to go. He rebooked our flight but there was no compensation for the inconvenience or a ‘Sorry’ for the hassle. On our way back from Detroit, our fight was delayed yet again for about 2 hours. I guess they were missing staff for the flight. The Captain never showed and they needed another flight attendant. It was the worst I’ve had. I’ll stick with Southwest for now on."
"I show up to the airport, Spirit delays the first departure \"due to weather\" yet other flights are leaving for Cancun Mexico. Then Spirit cancels the whole flight for the day then they cancel for the next day. I hear some of their employees talking saying that the pilots just didn't show up and to blame it all on the weather. Then to top it off they wouldn't refund us our money until we made a scene. I'll never use Spirit again."
"Our drive to the airport was approximately 6 hours. As we were pulling up we got a phone call that our flight was cancelled. At the counter we were told it was a staff issue but my gut was they just cancelled due to lack of passengers. We had hoped we could make other arrangements that day but that was out of the question. They could 'maybe' get us to our destination the next day, late afternoon after an 8 hour excursion (I believe Denver is a 1 or 2 hour flight from Minneapolis) but there were no guarantees either. No food allowance or room accommodation would be given either. As we were attending a conference this didn't make any sense so we ended up getting a refund. We did find out later there were other flights on other airlines that could of got us there on time, the Spirit staff are not or maybe are not allowed to be that helpful. There was no empathy on their part, it was almost like they had grown used to this, judging by the many reviews, this is a common occurrence. You have to feel bad for the front line staff at Spirit. I do not recommend Spirit if you actually have to get someone which seems a bit silly doesn't it. Their slogan is 'Less Money, More Go' but should actually read 'Less Money (in your pocket), no more Go'!"
"I don't even know where to start. My boyfriend and I were supposed to fly from Denver to O'Hare. I got an email about an hour and a half before my flight saying the flight was on time, and I get to the airport and try to get my tickets from the Kiosk and it says the flight was cancelled. I asked about it and they gave me no explanation and told me my only choice was to get a refund and take a flight two days later, which is obviously not helpful, I chose that day to fly for a reason. Then on the way back I got an email saying the flight was delayed 30 minutes. Then another 30 minutes, and then they changed the gate for some reason and then had another 30 minute delay. I was supposed to depart at 9.55pm and did not depart until about 11.45pm. Will never use this airline again, makes sense why it is so cheap."
"We arrived at the airport 3 hours early to beat the LA traffic. We had our seats prior and had to pay a 100 dollar fee for our bags, one each. When it was time to board we got in line and waited 15 minutes while the attendant helped a woman figure out her purchase. We asked a couple of times if we can board but we're ignored. Finally the attendant said we missed the flight and would not be refunded. I was shocked and asked when the next flight out was and was told not until the next day. I asked for a refund was told no but finally was granted one after ranting and raving. I asked why he didn't stop to help us when I clearly said we were waiting for the flight. He said he called our names, we were there and didn't hear a thing. We went to JetBlue and they took good care of us."
"My overall first time experience with Spirit was horrible. From checking my bag to waiting 2 hours for my flight. When I arrived I went through the line where pre-boarded flyers could go to check their bag. The lines were extremely long due to a flight being cancelled. After checking in our flight status was on-time up until 30 minutes prior to boarding. The reason for our flight being delayed was due to an insufficient amount of pilots. The pilots for our plane was on another delayed flight. Very annoying because this was the last flight leaving."
"My boyfriend and I got up at 5 am this morning to make our 8am flight to Orlando from Detroit. It is now 3.45pm and I'm still sitting at the gate. They have given us updates every 2 hours or so saying that a new pilot is on his way from Pittsburgh with no explanation as to why a new pilot was needed in the first place. They've lied and said he was only an hour away for 5 hours! As an apology they gave us food vouchers worth 7 dollars, which helped a lot with the 85 dollar bill I got from TGI fridays! I've had a lot of bad experiences flying Spirit, but this will be my last."
"So, I was using Skyscanner to find a flight from Latrobe to Houston for a friend. I wish I'd read the reviews for Spirit first, because as it stands, she's sitting at an airport in Chicago after a delayed flight because the connecting flight to Houston was cancelled. We haven't discussed the service yet, though I can imagine it was sub-par at best. To make matters worse, instead of changing her flight or even putting her up in a hotel for the night, all they're doing is refunding the payment, and if I had to guess, not even all of it. I was cautious going into it, making sure not to let the extra fees pile up, because believe me, there's a ton of them. From seat selection to baggage, they have a fee for everything. So, here I am, trying to book another flight while she finds a place to stay. Spirit you've taught me a valuable lesson. Don't fly Spirit Airlines."
"Flight was cancelled due to weather. This, one might be able to understand until you see a JetBlue flight taking off with a departure set for one minute past Spirit's set departure time to the exact same airport allegedly experiencing weather problems. I should also add, the Spirit plane was at the gate and the crew were on board. They deplaned! With zero help from Spirit, I managed to get a JetBlue flight to DCA. On my return flight I tragically stayed with Spirit. The flight was on time, but there were no gates for the plane to use. We were one full hour delayed due to slow scheduled flights. Then, while on the plane, we had to wait for 20 planes ahead of us. I've flown tightly packed jets before so I didn't think it could get any more ridiculous. Suffice to say it was more ridiculous. If you are a man of simply avg height you will be extremely uncomfortable. There might be 12 inches of leg room on an airbus 320. That is being generous. It feels more like 10. Pity the fool in the middle or window seat. Beyond this I had to fight over the price of my bag. I paid for a bag both coming and going. They claim I bought one way for the bag. So because I got refunded the trip to NYC, including the bag, I had to buy another bag fee. If there is any good thing to say - spirit has non reclining seats. But then again, there is no room anyway. All in all, it was a totally wretched experience top to bottom, and I will never fly Spirit again."
"I was not actually flying, it was my son who was flying. Since my son, who is 14yrs old, needed to fly as an unaccompanied minor, I arrived at the airport ready to pay the fee and escort him to the gate. When I get to the counter, and presented the paper I was told to print and bring with me, the agent told me \"well, after I enter all your info, you probably won't make it to the gate in time and we have no more flights to Las Vegas until Saturday. So what do you want to do?\" Excuse me? After waiting another 10 mins for the supervisor, my son was put on a stand by list for the next flight in the afternoon, not Saturday! So in the afternoon, I return to the airport, over an hour before the flight even closed (all flights close for check in 30 mins before take off) only to find myself and my son running down the terminal towards the gate, with the 1 bag that I paid to have checked, but there was no time to check it in. Then still having to fill out a form at the gate regarding who would be picking him up at his destination airport, the guy who gave me the paper told me \"here, fill this out and you have 2 mins to do it!\" Bottom line, my son arrived safely to Las Vegas. But unfortually he has to fly Spirit back to San Diego."
"Flight 936, 6/12/15, scheduled to take off 4.49 pm, Atlantic City To Chicago. Delayed until 5.15 pm. Delayed again until 7 pm. Cancelled at 7.15 pm, supposedly due to storms near Chicago. I called Philadelphia International and spoke with United Airlines, whose representative said they had just sent a jet to Chicago at 5.45 pm and were sending another at 8 pm. This is the second time Spirit has unilaterally cancelled a flight for an unknown reason when other airlines were sending flights to the same destinations. I'll never chose Spirit again, despite the proximity of the airport to my home. I'll spend the extra money and leave from Philly."
"I waited over 10 hours at McCarran Airport in Las Vegas Nevada to find out our flight was delayed twice and then cancelled for the night. It was about 3am when we had to run downstairs to redo our flights and find that instead of being home on time for work, me and my friends were not expected to make it to Pennsylvania until the next night. There was \"no pilots available\" not really sure how that happens but it was ridiculous. Making us sleep on the chairs/floor of the airport and being delayed then cancelled is unacceptable. There is no room in the seat on the airplane and paying for a drink of water is ridiculous. Will never fly Spirit again."
"This round-trip flight was my first experience with flying Spirit Airlines. The initial price was significantly less than comparable round-trip flights. However the consumer should be aware that it is virtually impossible to travel Spirit Air without additional costs unless you can travel with just a backpack or other small carry-on item that will fit under the seat in front of you. Any additional baggage whether stowed or carry-on is charged. There is no complimentary food or beverage service and there is a fee to select your seat. After selecting my seat and paying for two bags (charged for each bag each way) my cost savings over other airlines was insignificant. In addition the in-flight service from the flight attendants was mediocre at best and the seat space was very cramped. The worst part about the experience however was the delays on both the outbound and return flights. My outbound flight was delayed nearly 3 hours and my return flight delayed 45 minutes. In neither case was the delay related to the weather air traffic control or anything related to the airport. In the first case the explanation given for the delay had to do with the aircraft being delayed for previous flights thus arriving late for my flight. On the return flight takeoff was delayed due to one of the flight attendants scheduled for my flight arriving late to the airport on another Spirit flight. The one gentleman in my row of seats on the return flight said how his outbound Spirit flight was also delayed. The other person in our row said when she booked her flight through a travel web site that she received a warning prior to confirming her purchase stating that 60% of Spirit flights are delayed. I can respect an airline for being \"no frills\" with the goal of keeping their costs low. However there is a difference between \"no frills\" and poor business practice. The delays appear to be the result of nothing other than airline inefficiency and the apparent consistency of delayed flights is inexcusable. To me that is not \"no frills\" but evidence of a business being poorly run. An airline can also be \"no frills\" but still provide friendly polite in-flight service. I'm not even talking here about the fact that they charge for all in-flight food and beverages but rather the general lack of friendliness and courteousness from the flight staff. I'm grateful to have been able to have a direct flight to my destination via Spirit and to have arrived to and from my destination safely. Beyond that my experience with the airline was mostly negative and I would not recommend Spirit Air unless it is your only option. If you do choose to fly Spirit beware of the specific costs travel light and plan for delays."
"Extremely cheap and there's a reason for that. They ping you everywhere they can with extra fees. Read the luggage policies VERY carefully and stick to them or it'll cost you hundreds of dollars. The seats don't recline and there's no video/games etc. They charge for water ($3). Right now I'm seated on a plane that's been delayed for three hours firstly from a lack of flight attendants and secondly because they stuffed up packing the bags and failed to balance the plane. In compensation for the delay they've offered a flight voucher worth $50. I won't be using it."
"We've had quite the week with Spirit. Our first flight was TPA to DFW it spammed our phone with emails every 5 minutes with delays and playing musical gates. 4 Gate changes and a ton of delays later we pinned down our gate and waited our 2 hour delay. Time to go home DFW to TPA non stop another 3 delay notifications put our flight 4 hours late. All monitors in the airport continued to say on time. One of my group confused about the monitors not adding up to the notifications checks their website. The website says its cancelled! Turns out to be true and they weren't telling anyone. This got us onto the next mornings flight however left us stranded. More the 100$ in unexpected hotel costs later we return the next morning. All monitors say on time but then it starts. The notifications are blowing up the phone again. Knowing better this time we check the website right away. Cancelled again! Before they bother to tell anyone we rushed to the counter and got onto the next flight 12 hours later. Right away we being getting notifications for delays on a flight that's 12 hours away. Now our flight also has a layover. The first flight DFW to Ft. Lauderdale is 2 hours delayed. This means we should miss our layover to TPA. Not to worry that flight was delayed 3 hours as noted by the emails we had been getting all day. Workers have no idea what they're doing. Delays on all flights. Frequent cancellations. All drinks must be paid for. No leg room even in the 25$ extra space chairs we learned the emergency rows actually have leg room but prepare for the knees of the people behind you to be stuffed in your back. They will charge for all checked bags 40-100$ a bag. They also charge for carry-ons larger then a small backpack 25$ and a second carry on is 100$. 0/10 will never fly again."
"At first you think you're getting a discounted fare and you'll accept the odd departure and arrival times. But everything goes sideways if you have any baggage or desire to arrive on time or leave on time. The extra fees make the cost greater then booking with other airlines. The website is deceiving - weights of bags are not clearly defined and the I was not able to print boarding passes the website does make an effort to be pleasant with uplifting comments upon failure: \"Please print this failure message and show to the ticket counter attendant to avoid additional fees\". The plane itself is flight worthy the pilots are competent and landings are smooth. However the staff generally apologize very politely constantly."
"I flew from Minneapolis to Portland layovers both ways. First flight was cancelled and I had to wait 24 hours for the next one the man at the counter was rude and didn't speak English well so it took awhile to get anything figured out. They said the flight was cancelled because of weather in Chicago. I checked and the weather was clear and 85 there? I live 3 hours from the airport and wasn't provided a motel. Every flight was delayed after that. Seats are tiny and uncomfortable. All the passengers were crabby because they have spent hours or days in airports waiting for planes and flights that were delayed or canceled. I'll spend twice as much next time just to avoid this airline."
"June 2 2015. Spirit emails everyone about delays and gate changes but not about cancelled flights! My husband and I checked in got our boarding passes and waited at the gate only to be told that our flight was cancelled. We had to go back to ticketing get our flights changed get new boarding passes retrieve our luggage from baggage claim go through TSA again and waited at our gate. This flight was 3 hours delayed!! Yes it was a cheap flight. Yes I paid for baggage check-in. I never expected Spirit to be so inconsiderate about the first cancellation. Everyone in line with us waited for the emails but did not get them. Plus ticketing agents were clueless about the cancellations. Very sad. Very poor operations."
"I flew Spirit Airlines over the weekend and it was the worst experience I have had while flying. The inflight service was horrible no complimentary water nuts or anything. The lowest price was $2 for a tiny cup of coffee or tea. No in-flight entertainment to speak of aside from listening to unhappy customers grumbling and the baby behind me screaming. Absolutely no legroom and I'm a pretty average sized 21-year-old woman. The seats didn't recline not that I would have wanted to lay in the lap of the poor mother behind me. Then I was charged $50 for my carry-on twice after I was told that it would cover all legs of my travel from Portland to Cancun. None of the people employed with the airline were helpful in any way or even seemed to know what was going on half the time. On the last leg on my return flight from Cancun Chicago O'Hare to Portland as well as two others flights were cancelled after being delayed for over two hours. I was not given a reason for this cancellation until I was told by other passengers that the flight staff from the Portland flight and Vegas flight had been pulled to the Houston flight. After that all three planes worth of people went to the desk to try and get refunded for at least the leg that was cancelled or maybe a voucher for a hotel room for the night. I stood in that line from 11.30pm to about 2.30 or 3am. After bonding with many people over mutual disgust of Spirit Airlines I found out that some people had been waiting to get to Portland or Vegas since their flights were first cancelled on May 28th. It was now the 31st. That took care of my idea to just re-book with them for a morning flight to Portland. Next I heard that the vouchers they were giving people for hotels were useless. When I finally got up to the counter the woman was very hard to understand she mumbled so much. At that point I had been up for 40 hours plus and I think people could still understand me pretty well. Overall I feel like I wasted my time and money. I wish I had just paid more for a Delta flight."
"Spirit is mercenary and anything but a bargain. I flew from Denver to Chicago not that it matters where you fly with them and my apparent \"bargain\" $140 fare became: $140 fare + $45 each way checked bag ($90) + $45 each way carry-on bag ($90) 140 + 90 + 90= $320. Not a bargain at all! I could have flown a \"real\" airline that doesn't charge extra for everything including water! The seats didn't recline on the A319 I flew on both ways and the attendants were like robots. My advice is not to even consider Spirit."
"Flight 921 left 5/30. I booked with Spirit because I thought it was going to be a cheaper flight only to find out after booking they charge for carry on checked bag and even choosing your seat! Are you kidding me! For my wife and myself I had to pay an additional $286 plus I though joining the $9 club for an additional $59 would save. I can honestly say I will never fly Spirit again! I advise everyone to consider booking with another airline. Be aware of the additional costs! This it was I call very deceiving."
"I fly every week and the Spirit flight times are convenient. I got claustrophobic in the tiny seats so I tried to upgrade to an aisle seat. The website messed up and first charged me for two seat upgrades then stuck me in the back window seat anyway. On the return trip it showed me seated in a big front seat. Then when I printed off the boarding pass I was stuck in a back window seat again! I went to the gate and was told there was nothing they could do on the (already delayed) flight. I tried calling customer service and going on the website but could not get through to customer service at all. Is this how they treat their frequent flyers? I may have to bite the bullet and spend the extra money for Delta because I do not trust Spirit!"
"Terrible airline experience. I bought a ticket from Ohio to Las Vegas for fairly cheap just to be nickled and dimed for food beverages seats and baggage fees. I would have much rather paid a little bit more and used another airline. The flight attendants were rude unprofessional and acted as if they hated their job. My flight back to Ohio was delayed for one hour and our baggage terminal was also changed last minute."
"We traveled home from Vegas yesterday. When we had booked the flight a few months ago we thought we had gotten a fair price until the additional charges were racked up. We printed our boarding passes and discovered we needed to add one piece of luggage to our flight. The help screen said what to do on the website but it did not offer the option to make the change. Finally we found the \"HELP phone line\" and used the hotel room to phone in our request. It was almost an hour of waiting on hold before we were able to talk to real person! I was able to add our luggage but it was another $40 dollars for a one bag. We were seated in the middle of the plane and the girls in the row in front of us were very loud for almost the entire trip. The flight attendants seemed \"afraid\" to ask them to quieten down and stay seated. We will not be flying with this airline again."
"We just returned from a trip to Cabo San Lucas from San Diego on Spirit Airlines and we will never fly Spirit Airlines again! To begin with their website is probably the most poorly designed website I have ever seen. You may find a cheaper ticket to wherever you are going - but check the fine print! You must pay for baggage including carry on and it is not cheap. Nothing is free when you fly - you pay for water soda snacks - they give you nothing! There is no entertainment and the flight attendants are about as useless as hang nails. Our flight home was delayed 3 hours the customer service at the ticket counters are not very helpful - its a good thing we enjoyed our week in Cabo because getting there and returning home was a nightmare! The seats in this airplane were disgustingly dirty old and torn - do yourself a favor - never fly Spirit!"
"May 24 2015 flight 675 Atlanta (ATL) - Orlando (MCO). This is an airline that uses intimidation and deception. when you purchase a ticket and go to select a seat the only seats that show available are the 15 and 20 dollar seats the others are greyed out like unavailable. If you choose to take a chance on a random seat and not pay extra it will assign you a seat basically they want you to purchase more expensive seats which I might add there is no leg room at all if you had to put your head on your knees for a emergency landing you could not do it. Last issue was being intimidated into paying 50 dollars for my carryon at the counter when the carry on was within their guidelines for free size. We were told pay 50 dollars at check-in counter or 100 at gate. At the gate they had a size basket to check your carry on but not at the check-in counter. We purchased a bag especially to meet the requirements but did not want to have a hold up at the gate because we had to get home. We will never fly this airline again. When you add up everything they want you to pay it is no bargain - beware!"
"I flew from Las Vegas to Houston. We had 3 gate changes during a midnight flight. Not to mention the one and a half hour delay. The best part is Spirit only accounted my miles from Vegas to Houston and not from Houston to Vegas. The seats can't be reclined and are very stiff; horribly uncomfortable. Yes it was cheap but I think that's what you get for what you paid."
"I jumped on the chance to fly to Costa Rica round trip for less than $350 as most people would but I regret my decision and would have much rather paid a bit more to fly any other airline. The cheap airfare is made up by the airline in baggage fees at $45 for a checked bag or $50 for a carry on and all food water or soda is for purchase only. When leaving Costa Rica the flight attendants and ticket checkers searched our bags and took the beverages that we purchased inside the airport past security telling us we were not allowed to bring drinks on the plane. The flight attendants were rude unprofessional and acted as if they hated their job. Not a single of the 4 legs of our trip left the airport on time and the seats on the plane are extremely tight. I am 5'3\" 120# and my knees were in the back of the seat in front of me and the seats do not recline. It was an incredibly uncomfortable experience. I will never ever fly with this airline again and I will see that none of my family or friends fly with this pitiful airline."
"Terrible airline experience. I bought a ticket for my girlfriend the flight was from Minneapolis to Portland with a stop in Chicago. 4 hour delay in Minneapolis because of weather. But then they flew to Chicago and then canceled the flight to Portland. Next available flight was 3 days later. Ended up buying a last minute ticket on another airline just to avoid her being stranded for 3 days. Terrible and very costly experience."
"We flew from Myrtle Beach to Dallas from Dallas to Las Vegas. Then from Las Vegas to Detroit then Detroit and am now waiting on my return flight to Myrtle Beach. Every leg of this flight was late except the beginning from Myrtle Beach to Dallas. On the flight from Dallas to Vegas they announced that our flight wouldn't be leaving until 7.30 some people left to go eat as this was an hour after it was supposed to depart. Good thing we didn't because they actually left at 6.20 and never changed the sign to delayed departure. Just very unorganized and unprofessional. Not to mention the pure filthiness of the plane. There is no way they actually clean the aircraft after travelers depart from the plane considering they loaded us on immediately. The plane was filthy. I have flown a lot and usually it takes 30-45 minutes to clean and fuel after a plane comes in. This one maybe 10-15 tops. The staff were very unprofessional. We have been so disappointed with Spirit that we would never recommend them to anyone. If I had gotten the tickets for a great price I may have been able to look over some of it but with everything combined the dirtiness unprofessionalism and late departures you can't overlook all of it. I highly recommend paying the bit extra to go with another flight. By the time we paid 80 dollars for luggage fees. That was one bag there and back it was not any cheaper at all."
"I just flew in from Boston to Chicago today the staff were rude seats don't recline and if they do you cant tell. The washroom were disgustingly dirty and smelt very bad. It's a shame that a cup of coffee or water isn't complimentary."
"Spirit Airlines doesn't seem to care for passengers' convenience and miss every opportunity to make them happy! My weekend trip started with a delayed flight 108 from San Diego to Dallas. However the circumstances were understandable: the plane landed in the international terminal and took time to get re-positioned at the respective gate. Fine! The return flight 107 was an excruciating deal-breaker. Due to a glitch in engine all the passengers were asked to disembark the plane. The repair took 2.5 hours. We were left on our own mercy! When we boarded again the whole gig took off as if nothing ever happened except for a rambling mentioning of 'a slight delay'. I'm thankful for the crew's decision to take their time to investigate what was almost hurtful was the lack of accountability! Most of the passengers were hoping for some free drinks - but when the pilot announced \"drinks for purchase\" there was an audible growl amid the passengers."
"They try to hook you in with the \"bare fare\". Which is code for al a cart. Aka they charge you for everything. First the flight cost. It seems low. But then you have to pay for a seat pay for a bag (each way no round trip baggage). By the time it was all said and done I came to realize the \"cheap flight\" with 2 layovers before I would arrive would have been cheaper through Southwest on a direct flight. My flight was delayed and then delayed again and then delayed again. I received the information from my email not from the lady behind the counter at the gate while waiting. During my layover my next flight said on time. Past the boarding time. Past the flight time. Finally it was cancelled a half hour after it should have taken off. Due to no pilots. Then we're told to form a line. 4.5 hours into the line. I still have not been helped. Not with a hotel not with a new flight nothing was offered to eat or drink and by the time they announced the cancellation all of the eateries in the airport had closed. None of the employees knew what they were doing they had no direction. People that were being helped were told to hold while employees disappeared for 30mins and one employee said she would be right back to finish with a customer and never came back. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Every week I travel to Chicago from Houston. Good part about flight is it departs on time most of the time. Worst part is when you land. Very rarely you have gate available for the flight that reaches on time. Whoever is scheduling flights for Spirit needs to be fired for not doing their jobs. I can't understand why they have 4 flights coming in at the same time when they have only 2 gates available."
"Flew with Spirit from Baltimore to Las Vegas. The flight was fine plane was clean we arrived on time. Already had a problem with having to pay for our bags get to Vegas waited for the bags at the carousel after 15 mins of waiting for the bags to start coming off the entire flight was told that our bags were not put on the plane they were still in Baltimore. Was told our bags would be delivered to us by noon the next day. So here we are in Vegas with nothing waiting for it to be convenient for spirit to send us our bags. The bags should have been placed on a flight once they realized the mistake they made. I will never fly with them again."
"Absolutely terrible. I knew it was budget but the customer service and queue times are horrendous. Flying IAH to ORD there's consistently a 30 minute wait to begin deboarding the flight. The planes are outdated and I honestly feel in need of a shower and Laundromat after a 2 hour flight in their terrible seats."
"Flying with Spirit is like playing roulette. Sometimes you get a great deal and everything goes relatively smoothly but sometimes you lose big and end up spending triple when they make you wait 8 hours for a flight that they end up cancelling once it's too late to book anything else. I've flown with them several times before and had a few complications but nothing terrible until this past mother's day weekend (May 10 2015). I booked a 6 am flight from Minneapolis to Baltimore with a connection in Chicago. I was supposed to arrive in Baltimore at 11.30am Sunday in time for mother's day but I didn't get home until 2am on Tuesday. I only made it then because I booked a last-minute flight on United. My $130 Spirit ticket ended up costing $480. If you have to be somewhere by a certain date do not book with Spirit."
"We booked with Spirit to fly to Puerto Rico (round trip). We flew out of MCO airport in Orlando and were very disappointed with the flight there and back. First off we had to pay 90$ to check in our bag because it was over 40 pounds. 90$ there and back. $180 alone in luggage costs! Next we get on the plane and the seating space is very small and uncomfortable! Only people that will feel comfortable in those seats are children. My boyfriend is 6 feet 4 inches and his legs were cramped the entire flight. Regardless of being able to purchase \"Big Room\" seats every person should be comfortable while flying. It was miserable. Secondly there was an AC problem where the entire flight was 60 degrees. It was freezing. It was impossible to rest during the flight because there was no leg room and it was so cold. Thirdly we have to purchase drinks and snacks. After paying 90 dollars for luggage you think people are going to pay for snacks! On the way back we bought a blanket for the plane not mentioning already spending 90$ for our luggage. We even decided to purchase bigger spaced seats since we were so uncomfortable last night which was 16$ per person. We paid 32$ for more leg room and when we got on the plane it was just as small. We fly all the time and we are never going to fly on Spirit again."
"We got a package deal to Vegas from Kansas City to get married. The price was right in the beginning. We checked in only to find out the normal sized carry on was too big for this particular airline! We flew with a group so it was interesting to see the inconsistency of prices. Our bag was $55 another $50 another $45. The plane itself was fine. Smaller seats less leg room but the good news is you can get in the luggage rack if need be for all of the empty space! Both flight to and from our destination were late with no apparent explanation. We did receive an email stating our flight was delayed however you get there in a timely manner only to hear horror stories of how people's flights are canceled for no reason with no refunds or my favorite people receiving an email of a delay to find the flight was on time so they missed it resulting in them having to purchase another ticket! No snacks or drink provided. Without a doubt the worst airline ever! Never again!"
"On May 10 2015 flight #365 from New Orleans to DFW was canceled due to inclement weather in North Texas. The customers were definitely not a priority for the airlines. The customer service lines were non existent was on hold for an hour. When I reached the ticket counter the ticket agents couldn't have cared less about our predicament. The only option given was a refund. No options for hotel or rental car vouchers were offered. We were even told that we would have to pay and extra $90 fee if we wanted to book the next available flight home the next day! Never again Spirit. I'd rather drive."
"I had booked a ticket from Atlantic City to Chicago. The flight was supposed to leave at 4.49pm. However due to some scheduling issues the flight was rescheduled for 8pm. This was not done in one go but multiple times. It was first changed to 5.24pm then back to 4.49pm then 5.55 6.30 7.24 7.40 8pm. This threw our plans. There were three gate changes once we were in the airport. The flight we were supposed to travel came in at 7.02pm and we were all set to travel by 8. In another 15 minutes just before boarding we were told that the flight will again be delayed because the pilot had not arrived. We waited for another hour outside and half an hour in the plane before the pilot arrived. No proper explanations from the member of the staff. The plane took off at 9.28pm and reached Chicago at 10.45pm. We were 4.5 hours late. This is my second bad experience in a year. Try your best to avoid it."
"On May 9 2015 I attempted to fly Spirit Airlines flight 332 from Atlantic City to Boston. After 6 hours of delays that were not fully explained the flight was cancelled at 10pm. While I received a full refund the staff were extremely unhelpful and customer service was seriously lacking. A few examples: Gate agents spoke in a rude arrogant manner to any passenger who tried to get more information about the flight. We were told the delay was due to the previous night's weather in the Midwest which did not explain why our 5pm flight from New Jersey was late (and our plane was supposed to be coming from Florida). No food or hotel vouchers were offered even after the flight was canceled and passengers were stranded until the next available flight 48 hours later. At 9pm a gate attendant announced that our plane to Boston had landed and we would board soon and to form a line to board. After 15 minutes without any update (and a gate attendant standing at the desk with her back turned to avoid passenger's questions) I had to ask nearby pilots what was going on. They informed me that the plane had not actually landed but was circling overhead because of fog. 10 minutes later our flight was canceled. I will never fly Spirit again and I hope this review helps other people make the same decision!"
"On May 9 2015 I attempted to fly Spirit Airlines flight 332 from Atlantic City to Boston. After 6 hours of delays that were not fully explained the flight was cancelled at 10pm. While I received a full refund the staff were extremely unhelpful and customer service was seriously lacking. A few examples: Gate agents spoke in a rude arrogant manner to any passenger who tried to get more information about the flight. We were told the delay was due to the previous night's weather in the Midwest which did not explain why our 5pm flight from New Jersey was late (and our plane was supposed to be coming from Florida). No food or hotel vouchers were offered even after the flight was canceled and passengers were stranded until the next available flight 48 hours later. At 9pm a gate attendant announced that our plane to Boston had landed and we would board soon and to form a line to board. After 15 minutes without any update (and a gate attendant standing at the desk with her back turned to avoid passenger's questions) I had to ask nearby pilots what was going on. They informed me that the plane had not actually landed but was circling overhead because of fog. 10 minutes later our flight was canceled. I will never fly Spirit again and I hope this review helps other people make the same decision!"
"Flight 871 from Minneapolis - Denver repeatedly delayed hour after hour after hour. 2.55pm flight was finally due to be in Minneapolis at 7.53. Gate agent announced that the plane was finally in the air and on the way to us to claps and cheers. Said that they would do their best for a quick de-plane and have us in Denver at 9pm a mere 5 hours after we were supposed to be there. Ten minutes later gate agent announces the flight is cancelled. No explanation. Since we were only taking a two day trip this destroyed the weekend. Then a badly-managed group shuffle to the ticket desk where five Spirit personnel stood around for ten minutes presumably to figure out what they were allowed to say and do. Long story short not much. No vouchers nothing to recompense us for hours waiting and a ruined trip no effort to find us other options beyond \"there's another flight tomorrow\". Just a refund and the ticketing personnel handled the entire situation poorly (or resignedly). When we told people we were flying Spirit to Denver we heard two people say \"Oh no. Bad idea. Get ready for a lot of delays.\" We were sure it would be fine. It wasn't and the kicker is that it was ineptly handled. I have had some delays in many years of flying and I understand mechanical issues and weather happen but they are generally handled in a manner that suggests the company would like my business in the future. Due to the very poor experience I will never book with this airline again and I will be vocal with my results in booking with Spirit today."
"Just got home from the worst trip of my life thanks to the way we were treated and stranded by Spirit Airlines. I am sixty years old and have traveled around the world quite a bit. Have been a Spirit Airlines customer many times. April 19th we flew Spirit from Ft. Lauderdale to San Jose Costa Rica. Return flight was scheduled for Friday 25th. Got to the airport and was told the flight was cancelled due to volcanic ash. No other flights appeared to be cancelled just this one. After waiting in line for an hour we were told our choices were a refund or get re-booked on a flight leaving May 2nd. That's right. May 2nd. Eight days later. The supervisor was very rude and unhelpful. Just wanted to get rid of us. We scrambled around and found a flight the next day on United and paid $477 for a one way flight to Ft. Lauderdale through Houston. Landed in Ft. Lauderdale Saturday night at midnight. We had an extra day of rental car and hotel."
"Had a horrible experience with Spirit for what was to be a 2-hour flight between Minneapolis and Denver. First off checking in the night before they reveal that it will cost $90 more to take baggage along carried on $80 checked in! Up to $60 more for a reserved seat. Plane was to leave at 3 pm no notice until arriving at the airport that it would leave at 4.30. Around 3.30 learned it might not leave at all or it might leave at 7.30 or 8 pm. We were told to wait because it might be fine then told plane was in the air and we'd leave at 8. Came back in plenty of time to find out the flight was cancelled! By then no opportunities to be rebooked on Spirit or any other airline until 24 hours later that was then extended to even later the next evening. No hotel vouchers unless you lived in another state. All passengers agreed they would never fly Spirit again. I've learned this sort of thing happens repeatedly with Spirit."
"Our recent experience with this airline was a nightmare. We arrived at MCO (Orlando) to discover that our flight to Detroit (DTW) had been cancelled. Along with at least 100 other passengers we stood in line for more than 3 hours waiting for some sort of assistance in booking another flight. There was only 1 clerk working the desk and he was not only overwhelmed but highly inefficient. Passengers from other Spirit flights who were desperately trying to drop off bags so they would not miss THEIR flights were finally shifted to another line and the lone clerk at the desk set about helping them-leaving the rest of us to stand and wait yet again. We finally gave up and booked a flight on another airline (which we suspect was what Spirit hoped we'd do so they wouldn't have to deal with the problem) because we had commitments in Detroit that could not be altered. Even after numerous calls and emails to Spirit we were never offered any assistance or compensation of any kind (not even a meal voucher) for our trouble."
"On May 4th 2015 flight 145 out from Santo Domingo Dominican Republic was delayed for 4 hours. My connection to Orlando was delayed for 2 hours. The airplane came in we boarded and 30 minutes later we had to get out of the plane because maintenance problems. So we had to take an other airplane that it scheduled to depart at 12.15am. Horrible service! I won't use it again!"
"I flew from Phoenix-Dallas-Fort Lauderdale-Cancun and return. Late arrivals caused a miss on connecting flights in Fort Lauderdale on both outgoing and incoming. On the incoming flight I was stranded in Fort Lauderdale for 24 hours! In both cases Spirit blamed \"ground control\". In other words they would take not responsibility for the late flights and therefore would not contribute to hotel food wait time or restitution for lost hotel reservation costs. Speaking with hotel personnel in Fort Lauderdale I noted that Spirit is well know for this tactic. In fact the Fort Lauderdale people told me they get 8 or 10 reservations every day because of Spirit. This company does not schedule properly takes no responsibility for it mismanagement and should be avoided!"
"I am so disappointed. I booked a flight with Spirit Air to a cruise if Fort Lauderdale. Flight was for 8.20am and was delayed twice before telling us that the flight had been cancelled. By that time we could not get a flight that would guarantee that I would get there in time for our cruise. It was a celebration of our 25th anniversary to boot."
"April 25 flight 199. April 28 flight 298. First they charge $35 for luggage online if you don't do it online then they charge $50 at check in. If you still have gotten to the gate without checking in your luggage they will charge you 100 dollars. Then secondly upon boarding for Las Vegas on Saturday 25th April they put all passengers on the wrong plane. Thirdly arrived at the airport for flight home it was delayed 85 minutes. No notice sent via my phone which I had signed up for and given my email. The worst airline I have ever used."
"April 23 2015 fight 0605 Detroit MI to Fort Meyers FL. Worst flying experience I have experienced. Seats were very uncomfortable with no leg room whatsoever. My knees were literally pressing into the back of the seat in front of me. Unfortunately the passenger behind me had the same problem and I could feel their every movement as it translated into my lower back. I was almost embarrassed for the poor flight attendants as they attempted to hawk their wares pushing that little cart charging exorbitant fees costing three times as much for those purchased on the ground. Didn't see many takers. Being charged extra for seat placement was the final straw."
"My flight from Chicago to Las Vegas on 4/23 was okay delayed about a half hour and completely unorganized as far as gate departures for all Spirit flights leaving that evening but I made it through. Leaving Las Vegas (4/27) absolute nightmare. Five minutes before boarding we are told over the intercom that our flight has been cancelled. Surely they'd be helpful in accommodating. Wrong. To begin there was no explanation of why the flight was cancelled. Come to find out - no crew. The options to book another flight were very slim. By the time I reached the counter (an hour and a half later) the next option was a 5pm standby flight the next day. This was an 8am flight. The staff at the counter were rude. Offered little to no help in regards to finding a new flight even when asked. At this point I figured I'd cut my losses and take my refund to make accommodations on my own. I must have been lucky on that end. Got my refund ticket."
"You could not pay me any amount of money to fly on Spirit Airlines again. They treat their passengers like cattle. They book connecting flights from international destinations (Mex) within one (1) hour of the next flight departing. In that time they expect you to go through Customs Immigration Security and recheck your bag and catch the other flight. We cut every line got escorts ran like crazy etc. No way we could make it. Then they blame the missed connection on 'ground delays' so they can claim its not technically their fault. They won't pay for a shuttle hotel food etc and you are stuck in a different city for another 24 hours until their next flight out. The most awful part? They tell you that your bags made it onto the flight and you now have nothing for the next 24 hrs. We all know that TSA/airline policies strictly forbid bags on a plane without the accompanying passenger. So its all a lie. You show up the next day to fly out and miraculously your bags are still there - so you could have had them overnight. Don't hang around for an apology."
"Spirit may seem cheaper than other airlines when booking a flight but the cost of bags are high the flights get delayed more than twice going out and ok returning back and then their front desk are rude! I've flown twice with Spirit and both times (6 months in between) have been absolutely horrible! I've never had so many delays with any other airline. The delays go from one hour difference to four! My suggestion to you: be well prepared for a delayed flight by scheduling return flights on weekends so that if you need to be to work by Monday or so you'll make it. One more thing this airline does not make sure their passengers are comfortable or compensated when constant delays occur."
"My red eye to Phoenix from Chicago was scheduled to arrive at 11pm it arrived at 2am with a 2 hour layover in Dallas. Return flight was supposed to leave at 12.55am arriving in Chicago at 8.30am. Because the flight was \"late all day\" we did not leave until 2.45am. I missed my connecting flight and the only other option was another layover in Denver which also included a 4 hour wait. My final arrival time changed from 8.30am to 5.30pm. Additionally they moved me to first class assuming it would make everything ok instead it just allowed me to listen to their unprofessional inexperienced young staff talk trash about customers inflight. Make sure you realize not only do they charge for checking bags which is also limited to 40lb not like the standard 50lbs they charge $40 for carryon. Spirit also charges for even water. Also the seats do not recline. Overall absolutely do not fly Spirit."
"Will never fly Spirit again! Horrible flight. Huge delays. No explanation until after 2 hours with no beverages and seatbelt sign on while sitting on the Tarmac in Atlantic City! Rude gate staff. Absolutely not worth the \"savings.\" \"Clerical error\" according to the pilot was the reason why we sat in Atlantic City! Really? Then we weren't even offered a free beverage not even water! I'm done with Spirit."
"I was flying from LAX to Vegas on a Thursday with my friend. This was my first time flying Spirit and I was surprised at how cheap the tickets were. Warning sign #1. I own your typical small black roller carry-on bag that I've had for the past 6 years. It is not bulky or large in any way and I've carried-on with all other airlines without trouble. After jamming it into the clearly too-small \"Spirit carry-on size required container\" the Spirit attendant told me I would have to check-it. This bag was nowhere near full (it was a 2-day trip) but was a tight fit into their container with about 1 inch showing above the top bar. She then attempted to charge me $75 to check my bag! The round-trip ticket itself wasn't even that much! I began discussing with the attendant my options and instead of helping she was quite rude and adamant about charging the fee and repeatedly asked me how I would like to pay the $75 (cash or card). This was beyond reasonable in my mind. I was basically stuck paying more than my ticket value to check a standard carry-on that had worked for years on every other airline. Other issues: Flight was late arriving and late to take-off seats were extremely uncomfortable and rigid no service provided on-board without a fee of some kind. Will NEVER fly this airline again no matter how cheap it is I was duped and taken advantage of."
"I recently flew on Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Houston round-trip. Besides being late both ways especially on my return trip. There was no communication to passengers as to why we were delayed for nearly two hours they charged for everything on the flight including water they charged for a carry on bag and I had a couple of gate attendants who didn't speak English well. Others were simply rude to my wife."
"Extremely uncomfortable. I am 6' tall with very long legs and my husband is 6'3\". I felt like I was in a box. I had the middle seat and couldn't move at all. Thank goodness the seats didn't recline because the person in front of me would have been in my lap. My husband and I shared a large suitcase to avoiding having to pay for 2 bags but we ended up having to pay extra anyway because the bag was overweight. We will not be flying Spirit anymore. It was not a positive experience."
"We paid extra for the large seats so the Seat was very comfortable. Getting to Vegas wasn't a real problem. On our returning flight we received numerous messages that our flight was being delayed. We get to the Airport about 1.5 hours before they say our flight was leaving and it had changed back to our original time. Very rude and told us it was our fault we should have shown up at the original time. After speaking with an extremely rude supervisor she got us on the plane. On the way home the two female flight attendants sat and giggled the whole trip if we needed anything we had to go ask them."
"Classic bait and switch. Found cheapest flight on Orbitz Spirit came up $246 round trip to LAX. Checked in on line for boarding pass $111 dollars extra. If you try to bypass the baggage fees and carry on your luggage $100 at boarding. They lost my luggage on the return flight home they just called after two days and said they found my bag. They won't wave the $31 baggage fee wanted me to pick it up I said they could deliver it."
"I made the mistake of buying Spirit Airline tickets for a flight from Tampa to St Thomas USVI on 08/2015. I did so due to the price until I viewed the requirements after the purchase. You are not allowed any luggage other than personal handbag or backpack for travel free of charge. On top of that the items must meet their requirements of size. My husband and I managed to pack 2 backpacks with what we needed for our week on St. John USVI. Dodged the bullet on that! I upgraded our seats after reading the leg room for a charge of $50 Per Person Per Leg for each of our flights. This amounted an additional $400 for our flights economy out the window. When we finally got on the plane in Tampa we flew to Ft Lauderdale to St Thomas on time and a little less money as everything on the flight requires a payment. Our return flight was an entirely different story. The plane was completely full. A crying baby completely ignored by the mother lasted through the entire 2 hour plus flight. It made getting any rest or talking impossible. Our flight from Ft. Lauderdale was delayed for over 6 hours and equipment was changed. Therefore the Premium seats that I had paid for we not located in the same aisle and therefore we had regular tiny cramped seats. I am 5' 9\" tall and have long thighs. My legs were cramped for the entire flight and I could not cross my legs as my knees were jammed against the back of the seat in from of me. We arrived in Tampa very tired hurting and angry. We will never fly spirit airlines again no matter what the cost as with all the extra and charges it actually cost us more than a major airline."
"I like many will never fly Spirit again. Flight from Fort Myers Fla to Key West delayed for 4 hours with no explanation! Weather was fine. Spirit employees left the desk so there was no one available to answer questions. When someone finally did show up we asked about arranging for other flights. Told we could not because the \"flight wasn't cancelled just delayed\" but couldn't tell us when or if we would actually get a flight. Ended up missing a good portion of day 1 of vacation. Book another airline."
"Flight 199 on April 8 and flight 292 on April 11. I will never fly this airline again! They charge you 50 to 100 extra dollars to take a carry-on plus all kinds of other fees to fly. Buyer beware! I just wish I could give this airline a negative number. Yes it's that bad. Fly the other airlines. It will cost you less in the long run. Seats don't even recline!"
"This was my first time flying with Spirit Airlines and it will also be my last. I'm a frequent traveler and always willing to try something new especially when you might save a few dollars. I booked a flight from Chicago to San Diego. My flight was scheduled to leave at 10.44 am today. At 2am I received a notice that my flight was delayed. I continued to receive emails with the delay time changing so I figured I should head to the airport since it was clear there was something going on regarding my flight. I sat at the airport for 8 hours with my flight time still changing throughout the day. The attendants had no information and would not agree to put us on a flight that would connect to San Diego (Las Vegas) without charging us because they said the flight is coming \"it's just late\" and to be patient. At 5.30pm the flight was cancelled and now there were no other flights available today that would get us to San Diego. In addition the next flight they could get us on is at 3.30pm tomorrow which doesn't get us into San Diego until 7pm. We have now lost 1.5 days of our vacation at a cost of $700. This airline has the worst customer service I have experienced. They had the opportunity to get us out and would not give it to us and then would not move us to another flight on a different airline because they do not have \"partner airlines.\" Families are traveling to see their loved ones and are paying a great deal to take these vacations and entrust the airlines to take responsibility when things go wrong. I will never use this airline again."
"I decided to try them out because of their low airfare but only to find out about all these hidden fees! They charge you for just about everything checked bags carry-on bags seat assignments checking in at the counter and food and snacks onboard. All these things add up to the airfare so what's the point of even having the fare being that low? So if you really want to save money with them might as well fly empty handed (no bags) go hungryand thirsty and fly standing up (no assigned seats)! I just flew with them from Los Angeles to Houston on 10/10/14 and getting there was fine despite all these hidden fees and not getting any drinks or snacks. But on the returning flight to LA on 10/12/14 they kept announcing that the flight was being delayed due to weather. The plane could not land in Houston so it was diverted to Dallas. The weather was fine! The original departure time out of Houston was 4.46 pm and because the plane had landed in Dallas we had to wait for it to arrive in Houston. So they announced that it would be delayed until 5.26 and then 6.26 and then 6.56 and then 7.53. Finally after all this waiting they announced that the flight was cancelled! When they announced the flight cancellation we all had no choice but to rebook on another flight. After being in the long line to rebook they said the earliest available flight would not be until two days later! I decided that I had it with Spirit Airlines and took the refund. I will never fly with them again."
"I was charged an extra $100 at the gate after the ticket desk told me my small bag would be OK. My bag measured 12 inches by 17 inches. After boarding the seats are so tight I could hardly move. I am an average man (6ft 185lbs). A small cup of water was $3 and with a tiny bag of peanuts $5. The passengers were repeatedly solicited to purchase their credit card. This airlines should be avoided at all costs and I personally will never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"Checking in on a 5.15 am flight took 40 minutes waiting in line. There was only one check-in person these first 30 minutes with a line about 50 deep. A flight to Myrtle Beach will always have dozens of sets of golf clubs to be checked in. This should be accommodated for. The last 10 minutes of my waiting a second check-in worker became available. On my return flight back to Logan Airport after midnight we passengers had to wait one hour and five minutes on the plane before deboarding. The reason? The (one and only??) person responsible for operating the jet bridge called in sick according to the pilot. No coverage was found. The \"supervisor\" needed to be awoken from home to come to the airport to operate the jet bridge. The smaller and less comfortable non reclining seats and little leg room multiplied the bad accommodation. My first and last flights using Spirit."
"Terrible experience. Somehow when we booked my family of 4 together they were placed onto 2 different confirmation codes. We were unable to check the kids in because they are minors. So we arrive at the Detroit airport 1 hour before check-in. Lines seem not that long but it became clear that it was not moving. People were cutting the line because they knew they would be denied boarding if they were a minute late. I went over to 2 ladies that were checking in bags and asked for help because we were getting very close to that deadline! They said I had to wait like everyone else. Well of course we were helped and it was a minute too late and the lady said \"Sorry kids can't board!\" I was not happy and started to speak quite loudly about the customer service it ended up taking one lady 2 seconds to print out their boarding passes! She said good luck if you miss it come back. Never again!"
"Apr 2 flight 235. Apr 9 flight 218. A rip off airline. They can charge you for everything under the sun. The extra charges are not disclosed at the time you buy the tickets. The service is very average. It is so disappointing to see that this is allowed in a great country like ours. I would never travel Spirit again."
"Our family was bumped (we purchased tickets months ago) after we were waiting to board the plane. They had already loaded our luggage and there was no way to get it back. We had to go all the way back to ticket area (with two kids in tow) find how we going get out of Orlando and back to Detroit. We had to talk to 4 different people before we were put on another flight. And they did nothing to make it right. All we got was a lousy \"sorry for the inconvenience\". Too many extra charges cramped seating and unhelpful staff."
"I tried it and I have to say I fly frequently and if I had to walk barefoot in the ice and snow I would do it just so I don't have to ever fly Spirit again. It was ridiculous that we had to pay $631. which included a rental car. Then when we got to the airport they charged us $90 dollars for two bags and were going to charge us another $10 each for our boarding passes unless we used the kiosks. During the flight from BWI to DFW the seating was horrible they were the most uncomfortable and narrow seats I've sat in. I am so sorry that the answers have to appear to be answered. One star was not deserved. By the way on our return flight we were supposed to take from E33 which we did after it was changed to E32 and back and the changes were not announced until after the plane began to load."
"I'm sitting on my plane waiting now 40 minutes for take off to Los Angeles from Las Vegas. The flight is 56 minutes total but I've been waiting 40 minutes because of a delay and I understand that. But why can't I get water while I wait? The attendants on this plane refused me water twice when I asked. I just want to get home already and I'm dehydrated!"
"Horrible service poor customer service. The stewards and stewardess that were on flight Houston TX to Los Angeles California on March 20 2015 - 3.24pm were awful. There were too many hidden fees. Will never travel with you again. Too many charges for simple nuts and water."
"I am sitting in the boarding area as I write this review. Spirit has succeeded in overbooking a flight to Tampa for the Easter weekend. My family purchased these tickets last August (2014). We had hoped to have a great Spring Break with the kids. Now my family of 4 is being bumped to tomorrow. This is unbelievable and unacceptable. I would never ever fly with them again."
"Cancun-DFW flight 0748 on 3/29/15 DFW-Denver flight 0719 on 3/29/15. I felt Spirit was OK in general but they still hide fees. After decades of flying certain processes seem to be second nature for most travelers and you tend to assume things will be familiar however Spirit makes baggage and seat assignments more costly than you would think even if you read all the 'fine print'. While I picked the cheapest option for checked baggage nowhere did I see that Spirit's weight limit is 40 pounds per bag or about 20% less than the industry standard of 50 pounds. This resulted in bigtime overweight charges on all of my family's bags. The seat assignment fee was a bigger surprise. You assume that choosing 'better' seats will cost more (up front more legroom first class) but Spirit did not let me select seats until we were confirming within 24 hours of our flights and only then did it became apparent that you have to pay for any seat that you want assigned! So if you want your family of five all together and not spread around randomly you need to pay for each and every seat even if it is the poorest seat on the plane! You have to pay for every leg and pay the rate for whatever seats are left which might be the most expensive on the plane. So for the family of 5 on a connecting flight you could pay $400 or more to just get the privilege of sitting together."
"Booked through a well known agency online for a extended weekend from Phila to Myrtle Beach SC. After reading everything on website about 40 lb weight requirement minimal size carry on paying and picking own seats printing out the boarding passes we already thought the cheaper flight was not worth the aggravation! Only to drive 1.5 hrs to Phila Airport to find out the flight was cancelled without any notification no apology or little assistance on getting another flight as TSA watched us during the ordeal I would never recommend this airline to anyone. The lower upfront cost is deceitful when you start adding in the \"etxras\" seat price boarding pass price luggage. Their lack of customer service and compassion on the loss of vacation and money made the whole ordeal worse. I would never fly Spirit Airlines!"
"I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. Their motto is \"You only pay for the services you use\" but what they actually mean is \"You pay a deceptively low price when you purchase your ticket and then we charge you for everything that everyone uses in sneaky ways that therefore make your flight more expensive than any other airline.\" Want to print your boarding pass at the airport? $10.00. Want a water on the plane? $5.00. Want to check a bag on the plane? The cheapest that gets is $30 for the first bag and $40 for the second bag but that is only if you can figure out how to sign up online to check bags ahead of time. If you register for checked bags at the airport it now costs $50 per bag. Oh and there is no such thing as a carry-on bag for this airline. If it is bigger than a backpack you have to check it. And if they fail to tell you that your backpack is too big to be considered a \"personal item\" and make you check the bag at the gate? Now it costs $100. If you call their customer service to help you jump through all of these ridiculously complicated hoops you will be on hold for 20 minutes followed by a conversation with a person who refers you to their website where you have already been trying unsuccessfully to register an account. Then when you tell them that they will \"lose the connection\" even though you are calling them from a land line. Which would be understandable if it didn't happen twice from two separate phones. They have gotten their last dollar out of me."
"CHI to DEN. Stay away from this airline. The seats hurt no comfort at all. Even a 2 hour flight was hard for me. No matter what seat you end up in your done for. Aisle seat everyone will bump in to you middle seat your not going to move and the window don't even think about getting out to go to the bathroom. The service was bad as well they tried to push their credit card the whole flight. Pay the extra money to fly somewhere else."
"I have traveled around the world and back used many airlines in the process. The flight I took on March 9th with 2 other friends was the worst. We all took what would be acceptable as carryon's. Not realizing that the size you consider as a carryon is a lunch box. Arriving at the security gate the person there told my other 2 travelers that both their bags were not considered carry-on's and had to go to the desk to pay for them. That same lady told me that mine was acceptable to carry on the plane. I waited for them and they were told that if I had purchased the carry-on bag online the fee would have been $30.00. Not doing that they were charged $45.00. When I arrived at the gate to board I was stopped and told I had to pay for my bag. After telling them of my experience at the security gate they were quite rude and didn't care. Now because I didn't pay on-line or at the security gate I was told the fee was $100. Again insane for a duffle bag that could actually fit under my seat! We not only paid $190 more for luggage going but we paid online another $90 coming back. We went from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas and back for a total of $1003.00 for 3 of us. I could have gone US Airways for under $900. The plane was uncomfortable very cramped and dirty. They even charge you $2.00 for a cup of coffee anyone who flies knows how small that cup of coffee is. We did get the water for free after we made a fuss about it."
"I have traveled around the world and back used many airlines in the process. The flight I took on March 9th with 2 other friends was the worst. We all took what would be acceptable as carryon's. Not realizing that the size you consider as a carryon is a lunch box. Arriving at the security gate the person there told my other 2 travelers that both their bags were not considered carry-on's and had to go to the desk to pay for them. That same lady told me that mine was acceptable to carry on the plane. I waited for them and they were told that if I had purchased the carry-on bag online the fee would have been $30.00. Not doing that they were charged $45.00. When I arrived at the gate to board I was stopped and told I had to pay for my bag. After telling them of my experience at the security gate they were quite rude and didn't care. Now because I didn't pay on-line or at the security gate I was told the fee was $100. Again insane for a duffle bag that could actually fit under my seat! We not only paid $190 more for luggage going but we paid online another $90 coming back. We went from Fort Lauderdale to Las Vegas and back for a total of $1003.00 for 3 of us. I could have gone US Airways for under $900. The plane was uncomfortable very cramped and dirty. They even charge you $2.00 for a cup of coffee anyone who flies knows how small that cup of coffee is. We did get the water for free after we made a fuss about it."
"At first the service was nice because they did not charge extra for our luggage but then everything went downhill. The flight was first delayed by an hour and later three hours and then cancelled. We were sent out of the terminal to get our \"new\" tickets to other airlines but no one knew what they were doing. We stood for two hours in a line that did not move and no one could help us. Every other airline would've let us keep the same tickets. Then after two hours we left and booked new flights on the next day on a different airline of course. No real service 1.5 stars is too much for this airline."
"This airline in not worth the \"cheap\" tickets. We left over 1.5 hours late no explanation as to why we arrived late to our destination had to sit on the ground for over 20 minutes because there was not a gate to taxi to absolutely no leg room and far too cramped. Getting your luggage was a joke. Slow and not very efficient (waited 30 minutes for it to begin being delivered to baggage claim). We will never fly with Spirit Air again nor recommend them to anyone. Food or beverage forget it they charge for everything luggage is only 40 pounds or it will cost you extra. You are only allowed a small carry on or you get charged."
"We will never fly Spirit again. We chose Spirit because of schedule. Checking our bags was a blow: $45.00 per bag. We've never paid more than $25. My knees were jammed into the back of the seat in front of me. The attendants came around once in 3.5 hours to \"sell\" liquid refreshments. Once that trip was made the attendants huddled together at the front of the plane to talk among themselves with little attention given to the passengers. Even if you have nothing to do don't hold a party and give the impression you're not attending. What Spirit may have given with the right hand by way of a cheaper fare it took with the left hand by way of fees for everything. The impression was one of cheapness and being squeezed for every penny. Attendants and pilots (some) ought to be schooled in proper diction and clarity when making PA announcements. Impossible to hear. Flight #325 from Mpls - Phoenix 3/9/15 and Flight 345 3/15/15 Phoenix-Mpls."
"On 3/20/15 I flew on flight NK 403 from Atlanta Georgia to Fort Lauderdale Florida. Upon arrival the flight attendant instructed the passengers that in order to not be detained in the plane we needed to exit the plane within 4 minutes or risk having to wait upon an 800 passenger plane to unload. The passengers including an 8 week old newborn elderly couple and 2 disabled passengers began to unload and were subsequently detained in the 80 degree jetway for approximately 20 minutes with no communication from the crew while the exit to the terminal was blocked. The jetway was extremely hot unstable and overcrowded with passengers while the crew made no attempt to provide an explanation or assistance."
"The last two times I have travelled with Spirit I have had my flight cancelled and been left stranded. This last trip was my final one as it was just one upsetting incident after another. The first incident started with me being forced to purchase another return flight home for my wife after her original was cancelled by the airline even though I personally called a customer service representative and was told that would not happen. The last straw was being stranded on Sunday night and told by the pilot that it was against FAA rules to take off because of the runway lighting at MYR and yet 4 other planes departed behind us. The pilot lied to all of us and inconvenienced all 180 passengers on board. We should have been able to fly home if the pilot actually cared about customer service similar to what you might find with other companies such as WestJet or Delta. Sadly Spirit does not care about it's customer."
"Spirit claims to be less expensive then you are hit with hidden fees one right after another carry on luggage fee $45 (each way) plus just to select a standard seat online you are charged up to $25 (each way)! The plane is dirty. If you have to call customer service be prepared to hold for at least 30 min before getting anyone on the phone and don't expect to get an answer. Do expect to get rushed off the phone. There is no inflight entertainment option either."
"We were originally lured to Spirit by their low bare-bones fares. The $25 here and there and $70 annual fee to obtain their low price discount along with smelly dirty uncomfortable planes is no longer tolerable. Our last flight from Phoenix to Chicago was nearly 4.5 hours late on departure. Spirit gave no advance warning of the delay so we essentially had to camp out all night at the airport. The 2/4/15 flight was supposed to depart at 12.55 am but left at 5.20 am. Spirit kept stringing us along at the airport trickling out delay after delay. Staff was generally unavailable and discourteous. This is not a value proposition that interests us and we warn others to stay away."
"Had a round trip flight from Kansas City to Las Vegas. I took one small carry on bag small enough to fit under the seat. The ticket says you have to pay $50 at the counter or $100 at the gate. So I went to the counter and the lady there said I didn't need to pay the $50 since the bag was small enough. Great I went to the gate and got to Las Vegas no problems. On the return trip with the exact same bag I went to the automatic Kiosk and checked in. At the gate I was stopped and informed I needed to pay $100 or leave my bag. I explained my story and she said she didn't care what the Kansas City folks said and I could pay the $100 or leave my bag. I understand the charge and would have paid the $50 at the counter but felt I got extorted at the gate. What choice do you have leave your bag or pay $100?"
"Our return flight from Chicago to Denver March 1 2015 Flight 853 was canceled after being delayed 1.5 hours. The sad part was that the pilots for that flight were waiting with us. The younger of the two was talking to scheduling to swap to the flight to Phoenix Arizona that was at a gate but waiting for pilots. They changed to the Phoenix flight and ten minutes after our flight was canceled because it didn't have any pilots. We were told to go back to the ticket counters and rebook our flight because they couldn't do anything at the gate. 1 hour and 15 minutes (11.30pm) later we were told our only flight back was the same flight the next day (24 hours) they would not look to book anyone on another airline they would only book Spirit flights. We needed to get back to Denver and were forced to rent a car (at a cost of $499.99) and drive for 16 hours straight. The refund for our tickets wasn't 1/2 of the cost of the round trip and was $20 short. Spent 2 hours on the phone with customer service and got nowhere. Remember it's only a deal if they provide services like all the others. If they don't you're just getting ripped off."
"Seats were uncomfortable and did not recline. Everything is extra choosing a seat beverages carry on luggage not conforming to very strict guidelines higher charge than other airlines for checked luggage with a 40 lb. weight restriction - 10 lbs. less than others. When you consider all the extra expenses the price we paid for our trip to Florida was no lower than other airlines. When my son saw our flight itinerary and noted that we needed to fly from Kansas City to Detroit before flying south to Florida he said I hope you're saving a bunch of money - nope."
"I have flown many different airlines as I always choose the cheapest. I booked this flight on Spirit my first time through a third party travel agency. I was first surprised by the $10 fee to get a boarding pass at the counter but I let it go. But then the fees. I was never warned by the site or Spirit site about the carry on bag fees. So I was shocked when I heard an announcement that those in a later zone had 2 minutes to pay $50 for a carry on bag or else they would be charged $100! I kid you not $100 for a carry-on! I could not believe how I had been tricked! I asked the spirit service counter what they do if someone literally does not have the money - she mentioned it does happen and so they cancel that person's current ticket and give them until the next flight to find the money! Unbelievable! Spirit Airlines has nothing but a spirit of corruption deceit and greed. My family and my friends agreed we will never fly Spirit again."
"On a short business trip I was delayed about 4 times by the airline with multiple changes of gate and very minimal notification they were doing this to the passengers. Everyone was very upset and complaining however the airline offered no more than an apology and hope that we would continue to fly with them in the future. Now on my way home all passengers were all deboarded from the plane due to mechanical plane concerns they had before takeoff. Although I agree with \"better safe than sorry\" this airline should have been pertinent and professional enough to have dealt with this problem prior to boarding. As we all wait to retrieve our original tickets from the one spirit employee calling out 300 names with no microphone people like myself are at the risk of missing connecting flights. Shame on Spirit for even considering themselves a decent airline. Time is precious. Time = Money and as cheap as their tickets are it would have been way worth my money to go with any other airline. I plan to do this from now on."
"On Feb 5 my friend and I took a flight from BOS to PBI. I paid $30 online for my checked bag. When I got to the counter we were informed that our tennis racquets were beyond the height limitations at Spirits and that I would have to pay $55 and have my racquet checked. My friend has to pay extra as well. So I paid $208 one way to fly to PBI. All other airlines that I have flown allow us to carry on our racquets. My friend flew back to BOS on Feb 8. She paid online to check her racquet. When she boarded two passengers had their racquets on board as carry ons. Needless to day I did not fly Spirit back to BOS."
"I decided to fly Spirit because it was cheap and it had a direct flight to my destination. However this was something that I greatly regret after loosing 1.5 days of my vacation after my flight was cancelled due to a mechanical issue. They also would not pay for a hotel and multiple people flying on my original flight had a flight 2-3 days after we were supposed to leave. The money saved by the cheaper flight was spent on a hotel and food. You would be better off paying to fly with a more reputable company. In addition I also heard many people complaining about the airline (that were not on my flight) when I had a connection that was required to get me to my destination a day late instead of my original non-stop flight."
"Had a flight that was supposed to leave at 9.29 am on Feb 23 2015. After being at the airport 2.5 hours before our flight we were told the pilot had not been located and it would be 11.30 before a pilot could fly in from Denver. At 11.45 staff said sorry but there had been confusion and the pilot would not be there until after 12.30. We finally started to board the plane that had been sitting there since before 5am we did not get off the ground until after 1.30 delaying our people waiting to get us from the airport in Phoenix for over 5 hours. I understand things happen but two incidents with incorrect info as to the pilot I don't buy that. The flight was full so there should have been a pilot booked all along. The other big problem I have is all the added costs. We have to pay to put our luggage bag on for each person and pay for assigned seats? That added 126.00 flying to Arizona and home so your tickets are not cheaper then other flights and the seats are poor and the unorganized mess caused by poor communication made everyone of us suffer and then to pay the high fees. On the plane the toilets were frozen and they could not make coffee because the flight had sat for so many hours. The flight offered everyone a small bottle of water and cookies saying it's complimentary. We were also informed by the flight attendants they were low on several drinks and beers because the plane was not stocked. This was the worst flight I have been on and I will not fly it again."
"About 3 weeks ago I set out on my trip home from LAX-PHI. I had one layover in Vegas shouldn't have been a big deal due to great traveling weather for this time of year. My layover was supposed to be about 3 hours but ended up being 7 hours due to complications with the airplane. Due to the delay Spirit were nice enough to give out meal vouchers. When I got up to the desk to claim my voucher I noticed it was for 7 bucks what can you buy in an airport for 7 bucks? Finally once we boarded they came around and asked what our drink orders were I asked for a cup of water without ice. When they brought me my cup of water they asked for 3 bucks. I told them I didn't want the water. After spending a few days back home it was time for me to fly back to LA. I arrived at the airport at 8.30pm for my flight just to find out it was cancelled. I rescheduled the flight for the next day at the same time and went back home (because I lived within 2 hours of the hotel they couldn't put me up in a hotel). The next day I figured I would check my flight status before heading to the airport and good thing I did because once again my flight was cancelled. I called their service desk and worked with a travel agent who was the only bright spot of my encounter with Spirit. After about 30 minutes of trying to get me back to California he told me there was nothing he could do except refund me for the one way trip. So I took the refund and booked a one way home with Southwest. Do not fly with Spirit."
"We were booked on a flight from Las Vegas to Portland. Our flight was delayed 3 times. After being told that our plane had boarded its last location and was on the way they cancelled our flight. Cue the mass of 300 people storming the desk. With 6 attendants one attendant was handling our flight while the rest took care of their other flights. We waited in line for 3 hours! In the meantime my husband called their 1-800 number and got nowhere. They told us they could not give us a new flight that wasn't Spirit (the next day at 4pm) and no hotel/taxi/food. So we waited. No announcements about progress and no more than one attendant for most of the night. When we finally arrived at the desk the attendant reprimanded us for not getting to the front sooner for an earlier flight-it was our fault that we weren't at the front of the line! I understand that flight cancellations are not the fault of the desk attendants. It was very frustrating that they wouldn't let us know what was going on. We got in line at 7:45 pm and didn't leave the airport until 11.00pm. Rumors were flying about flights and it was confusing. We were exhausted and completely unhappy with the level of service we received. I will never fly Spirit Airlines."
"Flight 729 Feb 3rd 2015. Cheap fares! If everything goes smoothly then its a no brainer. But if anything goes wrong such as delay or cancellation there will be no customer support whatsoever. No support of any kind! You are stuck! They only have one flight outbound per destination per day. Nothing they can do to get you on any faster flight. No hotel accommodation! When it comes to redeeming credited vouchers? Even though I have a $50 credit but after trying to use it the credit comes to $8.24 even though my base fare is over $80. Called their customer support and got told that basically even though the credit is for $50 it may not exactly be $50. Be aware that all your questions will be answered “I am sorry its our policy.” Its their policy to pick up phone calls and has no power to do whatsoever. You are better off not wasting time with their customer support."
"Awful experience and even worse customer service. Had a flight from Orlando delayed due to weather in Ft. Lauderdale and final destination in Medellin Colombia. I was told no planes were coming or leaving so we would not miss our connecting flight. We finally took off and landed only to hear from a very rude gate agent that the plane took off early and left me and 20+ other passengers stranded. Mind you they give us 5 minutes from the time our plane landed to the time when we have to be at the gate to board the connecting flight. I was given a discount coupon for a room which was useless since all the rooms were booked. I had to pay 180 dollars for an awful room at a red carpet inn. Also they change gates and departing times while you are at 36000 feet! Save yourself the hassle and unreasonable rude individuals and just pay a little more."
"My very first time flying with Spirit. It was absolutely horrible! My friends and I took a last minute trip to Vegas and decided to try Spirit since they had lower prices. At least we thought that was the case. We paid a total 385 for a round trip to Vegas from DFW after the bag fees boarding pass fees seat fees and whatever other crazy fees they don't tell you about upfront. We board the cramped tight space plane and the seats are torn and dirty the floors looked like they hadn't ever been cleaned! There was gum on the trays! We were so uncomfortable next to each other and the person in front was literally in our laps and their seats weren't reclined! To top it all off our return flight got canceled at the last minute. Every other airline was running smoothly. Not only did we have to purchase another ticket with Southwest but we had to go through the dreaded process of getting a refund with Spirit."
"Today I flew with Spirit and had only a briefcase with me. 2x12x17 inches. The locks on my briefcase made it the one inch too wide. Result: I had to pay $50. A couple in front of me had a rucksack which they squeezed in the checking frame and they did not have to pay. I call this bullying and find it unacceptable."
"Flew from Minneapolis MN to Las Vegas. Flight was a 2 hour delay. They didn't notify us through the text program they have you sign up for so we were at the airport for 4 hours. First we were told it was a rain delay in Las Vegas then it was maintenance. When we boarded the pilot said it was due to rain in Houston Texas. Seems a little suspicious to me. We knew about all the cheap fares and bare fares about the airline. I had also flown this airline before and had not had a problem. Our flight was full on the way to Las Vegas. We felt packed in so tight to those seats. It was possibly the most uncomfortable flight I've ever flown and it was only 3 hours. On our return home we found a way to print our tickets before getting to the airport. But in the process I tried to check us in via online and the website all of a sudden crashed. It took 2 hours to get the site back up. Finally we got them printed and just felt relieved to do that. All day we checked our flight time due to the fact that our first flight was delayed. It was actually set to arrive 15 mins earlier than planned which was great and we had planned accordingly. We set up our transportation to the airport and as we were on our way the flight changed to a delay of 2 Hours again. We all felt defeated. We completely understand that there are some things that can't be fixed. But with the way it happened both times it seemed as though it was poor planning on Spirit's end. Why schedule a flight for 12am when you're really going to leave at 2am? Again 4 hours in an airport is no way to spend a vacation. The attendants at the airport for spirit were rude. On both ends. We will never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"My wife and I had booked seats on a flight leaving Cancun Airport on Feb 21st with a connecting flight in Fort Lauderdale to LaGuardia Airport in NYC. This flight was delayed one hour in Cancun because of weather problems in Detroit. Delayed we eventually reached Fort Lauderdale but had to clear customs. Presumably due to customs- related delays in Fort Lauderdale the connecting flight to NYC took off stranding 101 passengers. We were not given any official explanation as to why the connecting flight took off without us. We were advised to re-book our flights and were told that the soonest available seats were for Feb 24th (72 hours later). For Boston the lay-over was 96 hours with the soonest available seats on Feb 25th. There was no management representation at Fort Lauderdale and there was a justifiably angry group of stranded passengers. When asked about hotel accommodations we were advised to find our own and that there would be no compensation. When asked about assistance in locating seats on other airlines we were similarly advised that they wouldn't be able to assist us. Since my wife and I weren't able to wait the 72 hours we spent the night in the airport trying to locate seats on an other carrier (which we knew would have to pay for). We got seats on a JetBlue flight the following morning paying the full non-discounted fare which was considerable. The major problem was the connecting flight not waiting for us to clear customs in Fort Lauderdale. Why would the flight not wait for 101 people? I've been flying for more than 40 years and had to wait on many an occasion for other passengers' connections and other reasons which is par for the course. This was an extremely poor management decision which showed a complete disregard for Spirit Airlines' customers. This was then exacerbated by the lack of any meaningful assistance rendered on the ground. I realize that Spirit Airlines is a \"discount (i.e. cheap) airline. However any successful business knows that its fortunes rise or fall with its customer relations. If there was a \"crewing\" issue (not being able to hold airlines staff beyond a certain time) this should have been anticipated in the airlines normal operations plan with staff back-up in Fort Lauderdale-after all this is the winter and hence presumably Spirit Airlines' busy season. This was our first trip with Spirit. However due to the airline's extremely poor management decision coupled with its complete lack of meaningful customer support I could not possibly recommend this airline to anyone. In general you get what you pay for but even a discount carrier needs to appreciate its customers especially in difficult circumstances. By the way I was going to discuss this matter on the phone with a customer services representative but they kept me waiting for 45 minutes."
"Flew from LGA to OAK. Worst flight I've taken and I will never fly Spirit again. I've flown plenty of airlines and so I didn't think twice about flying a different one this time as they've always been relatively similar. Their baggage fees are out of this world and the weight limit on baggage is less while costing more. There is no in-flight food or entertainment. You have to pay extra to pick a seat (which I didn't know since I had already picked my seat on Hotwire when booking the flight.) Spirit also did not allow me to check-in pre-flight or print a boarding pass until I got there. The whole point behind booking with Spirit would be to save money as they're supposedly worlds cheaper than booking with anyone else. This was not the case. I unknowingly booked this flight and it was barely cheaper than other airlines. The baggage fees made the trip significantly more expensive than if I were to book with someone else. Never again will I be flying Spirit."
"Booked with Spirit for a Las Vegas trip. Was to leave Sunday 2/22/15 at 7:31 p.m. Checked in with airport 2 hrs before leaving Philadelphia (40 minute delay) checked again on the way to airport still 45 min. delay. Arrived at airport line was extensive at least forty people on line after waiting an hour in line found out flight was canceled due to snow when there was no snow on ground. After an hour and waiting over another hour to get a taxi back home people will still arriving hoping to take their flight to Vegas. Only to find it was delayed. Will never take or advise anyone to fly with Spirit poor management. Cost us over $100 dollars in cab service not to mention aggravation we went through."
"This airline has taken unbundled pricing to such an extreme that I'd rather pay more to fly on any other airline. The idea that I couldn't know whether my family of 5 would be seated together until 24 hours before the flight nor have the other family flying with us seated next to us without paying a premium turned me off to ever using Spirit unless I have no other choice. Also there were three seats together in last row and attendants wouldn't let my two kids move back one row so their friend could join them there claiming a weight and balance issue. Furthermore my boarding pass said I was eligible for \"Fast Bag Drop.\" It took us about 30 minutes online to do our \"fast bag drop.\" as the attendants at the fast bag drop counters seemed to be processing people who clearly had changes to make in their travel. Then after spending all that time in line we were forced to sign waiver tags clearing Spirit of any obligation if our bags didn't make it onto the plane on time because we were \"late\". If there really was a Fast Bag Drop we wouldn't have been late. Then the representative told us that the Spirit website said we were expected to be at the airport 2 hours before our flight. I've never heard any other airline demand this for domestic travel. Also we were subject to obnoxious credit card commercials from the plane attendants at the end of every flight. Both my outbound and return flights had a stop which meant we had to listen to the same sales pitch 4 times. I'm a customer not just a spigot for Spirit to try to pull additional dollars from."
"My wife and I had booked seats on a flight leaving Cancun Airport on Feb 21st with a connecting flight in Fort Lauderdale to LaGuardia Airport in NYC. This flight was delayed one hour in Cancun because of weather problems in Detroit. Delayed we eventually reached Fort Lauderdale but had to clear customs. Presumably due to customs- related delays in Fort Lauderdale the connecting flight to NYC took off stranding 101 passengers. We were not given any official explanation as to why the connecting flight took off without us. We were advised to re-book our flights and were told that the soonest available seats were for Feb 24th (72 hours later). For Boston the lay-over was 96 hours with the soonest available seats on Feb 25th. There was no management representation at Fort Lauderdale and there was a justifiably angry group of stranded passengers. When asked about hotel accommodations we were advised to find our own and that there would be no compensation. When asked about assistance in locating seats on other airlines we were similarly advised that they wouldn't be able to assist us. Since my wife and I weren't able to wait the 72 hours we spent the night in the airport trying to locate seats on an other carrier (which we knew would have to pay for). We got seats on a JetBlue flight the following morning paying the full non-discounted fare which was considerable. The major problem was the connecting flight not waiting for us to clear customs in Fort Lauderdale. Why would the flight not wait for 101 people? I've been flying for more than 40 years and had to wait on many an occasion for other passengers' connections and other reasons which is par for the course. This was an extremely poor management decision which showed a complete disregard for Spirit Airlines' customers. This was then exacerbated by the lack of any meaningful assistance rendered on the ground. I realize that Spirit Airlines is a \"discount (i.e. cheap) airline. However any successful business knows that its fortunes rise or fall with its customer relations. If there was a \"crewing\" issue (not being able to hold airlines staff beyond a certain time) this should have been anticipated in the airlines normal operations plan with staff back-up in Fort Lauderdale-after all this is the winter and hence presumably Spirit Airlines' busy season. This was our first trip with Spirit. However due to the airline's extremely poor management decision coupled with its complete lack of meaningful customer support I could not possibly recommend this airline to anyone. In general you get what you pay for but even a discount carrier needs to appreciate its customers especially in difficult circumstances. By the way I was going to discuss this matter on the phone with a customer services representative but they kept me waiting for 45 minutes."
"Flew from LGA to OAK. Worst flight I've taken and I will never fly Spirit again. I've flown plenty of airlines and so I didn't think twice about flying a different one this time as they've always been relatively similar. Their baggage fees are out of this world and the weight limit on baggage is less while costing more. There is no in-flight food or entertainment. You have to pay extra to pick a seat (which I didn't know since I had already picked my seat on Hotwire when booking the flight.) Spirit also did not allow me to check-in pre-flight or print a boarding pass until I got there. The whole point behind booking with Spirit would be to save money as they're supposedly worlds cheaper than booking with anyone else. This was not the case. I unknowingly booked this flight and it was barely cheaper than other airlines. The baggage fees made the trip significantly more expensive than if I were to book with someone else. Never again will I be flying Spirit."
"On day 2 sitting in the airport trying to get home after spirit canceled my flight and left me hanging. Will cost me $1000 to finish my travel. Be very careful when you pick your discount flights. I will take my business elsewhere. In fact I nor my family would fly spirit for free."
"Flew from Armenia Colombia to Dallas TX. First leg of the flight was late for no reason. They resold the second leg even when I was actually on time. They just assumed I would be late. They gave me invalid hotel vouchers and left me stranded in the hotel lobby. I had to pay the room by myself. Also I paid extra for the big seats and I got a regular seat because they changed the plane and the new one did not have enough big seats."
"Booked 10 months ahead unable to check in online. Called and was assured we had guaranteed seats. Arrived and checked in at the desk and went through to board. Told we had not seats. Only 2 out of 4 in our party were able to board after a long battle."
"I will never use Spirit again. The little bit and I do mean little bit that I saved was not worth it. My flight to Fort Lauderdale was delayed three hours because another Spirit plane that was broken down was blocking our gate. No updates were given beforehand so I was at the airport for five hours before we left. That is not fun with two small children! You would think that they might offer us a complimentary glass of water for that hassle but they did not. Nothing at all! I was lucky but some other passengers had no rental car when we got to the airport because of our late arrival! The saga continues for my return flight. We were sitting on the plane for a half hour before we took off due to \"high traffic\" in LaGuardia airport. What is that about? Then we arrive in NY and the pilot tells us \"when it rains it pours\" and informs us that there is a gate door malfunction and we must wait for a power source. That and waiting for our bags took another hour. The stress was not worth the tiny savings. With all the extra fees uncomfortable seats and poor service I saved nothing. Do yourself a favor and don't use Spirit."
"FLL-MSP. I have never flown Spirit before but they were the only airline that had an evening FLL-MSP flight so I gave them a shot. Arrived at the airport about 2.5 hours in advance good thing I did as the line was about 100 people long. I have never seen that before. They had about 8 counters open so it only took about 20 minutes. Prepaid my bag and my seat so no hassles in that regard. Was told that my gate was in the next terminal over so had to walk about 4 minutes to the other terminal not a big deal as the exercise is good. Boarding was normal and left about 20 minutes late arrived on time. Seat was thin and hard as a rock and tray table was equally as bad. Flight attendants seemed pleasant enough. I live in Canada so I'll probably never have to use them again but might consider if I need to."
"We were traveling from Orlando to Fort Lauderdale and found what we thought was a good rate. But once we added luggage ($220) for three checked bags and 2 carry on's (which we later found out were personal bags that should not have been charged ($90). We asked for a refund which they refuse to do for luggage. Also their weight limit is 40 lbs. where other airlines are 50 lbs. their website is suppose to look cute but instead it is very confusing and difficult to navigate or find numbers for customer service and get answers to questions."
"This is the worst airline I've ever flown with. After all the add ons for baggage ($ 35 for a carry on) seat assignments boarding pass charges etc. it cost more than other airlines. The seats were up against my knees (I'm not a large guy) and didn't recline. They even charged me $2 for a coffee. When my flight back to Boston was cancelled due to snow they wouldn't work with me other than putting me on their plane four days later. Terrible airline. Do yourself a favor and don't fly with them."
"I flew Spirit in Feb. with my daughter and her family. I paid for 2 big seats for my daughter and myself from Mpls to Chicago and back again from Chicago to Mpls. When we returned from our cruise my daughter went on line and saw they gave her big seat away. I reserved and paid for those seat a month in advance. How could Spirit just give them to someone else and give her a different seat? I will never fly Spirit again nor would I recommend Spirit to anyone. They nickle and dime you to death. You must pay $60. for one checked bag and it must be under 40 pounds. You have to pay for water soda and a simple snack. You get nothing for free."
"Don't be fooled by the cheap price. You get exactly what you paid for: poor customer service and travel headaches. Do yourself a favor pay little bit more and fly with a regular airline. Spirit is a gotcha airline. They lure you in with the initial cheap price and then they try to screw you in any way that they can with extra charge for carry-on and seat assignment."
"Upon arriving at Myrtle Beach airport my Spirit flight was still scheduled and \"on time\" per the Spirit flight tracker on their website. I had pre-printed my boarding pass so I continued through security. After going through security I saw on the flight board that my Spirit flight had been canceled. When I approached the gate where my flight should have been starting to board there was no one there. Not even a Spirit employee who could answer my question where is the plane and why is it canceled? I had to go back to the check-in desk to see what was going on. Everyone on that flight was standing in line as well waiting to see when the next plane would be there. After waiting for 45 minutes to talk to a customer service rep I was told that the next flight available would not be for 2 days. I asked why it was abruptly canceled and they kept saying \"weather\". Even though it was sunny in both my departing city and arrival city. I ended up canceling my flight with Spirit and getting my money back. I booked my flight home with another airlines that could get me home the next day. I will never fly Spirit again and I strongly advise anyone from flying with this company. They do not have reasoning for their random canceled flights and extreme delays in re-booking."
"I just recently traveled to Ft. Lauderdale from Latrobe PA. The flight back to Latrobe was cancelled due to weather. I understood the cancellation due to weather but the way the cancellation was handled was unbelievable. First it was cancelled 15 minutes before boarding time and the only way I knew that was because the people that were sitting next to me started to panic! We had to go retrieve our baggage then we stood in line forever only to be told that the next flight out would not be until the following Thursday! When asked if they could check in to other available airlines they said \"well JetBlue has some flights to Pittsburgh but I am only telling you this as a courtesy\"!! They would do absolutely nothing to help you out and Pittsburgh was an hour and a half away from Latrobe. It was the worst experience I have had and I fly a lot. I read some comments and people stated \"well you get what you pay for\". My flight was not cheap it was almost $300. That is not cheap. They nickel and dime you every way they can. I ended up going to US Airways and they handled my situation with courtesy and the flight was reasonable for one way. Spirit needs to learn about customer service."
"I was flying from FTL to LGA with about 5 other people. Upon arrival we came across one of the reps that led to the baggage drop off line her attitude was out of this world! I have never met anyone so miserable and rude. Once we got up to the desk we were told our flight was delayed but all the screens showed on time. we spoke to 7 different people and all gave us different answers different times even cancellations. Absolutely no one knew what was going on. Staff on board was also very rude! Not to mention how dirty and uncomfortable the plane was!! Needless to say I will never travel with this airline again."
"This is not the first time I have flown on Spirit. We feel that their on going value pricing is deceitful unreasonable and unfair. Bags should not cost $100 to check if you have to check them at the last minute. Situations come up during travels not everything can be planned so nicely. Your seats both regular and \"big\" are very uncomfortable. I have ridden in both. No seats on the plane recline and are thinly cushioned. The check-in procedures and policy to charge at the counter is unreasonable. Issues and/or availability to a computer or smart phone can often change the passenger should not be expected to incur expenses because of it. I was unable to confirm the purchase of seats for the person I made a reservation with because they did not have an email account. I feel like they intentionally avoid giving important specific information."
"It's 10.50pm. Sitting in Philadelphia waiting for the 8.50pm flight to Dallas. Latest guess from Spirit is 11.41pm. Why? Don't know and they aren't talking."
"I just recently traveled to Ft. Lauderdale from Latrobe PA. The flight back to Latrobe was cancelled due to weather. I understood the cancellation due to weather but the way the cancellation was handled was unbelievable. First it was cancelled 15 minutes before boarding time and the only way I knew that was because the people that were sitting next to me started to panic! We had to go retrieve our baggage then we stood in line forever only to be told that the next flight out would not be until the following Thursday! When asked if they could check in to other available airlines they said \"well JetBlue has some flights to Pittsburgh but I am only telling you this as a courtesy\"!! They would do absolutely nothing to help you out and Pittsburgh was an hour and a half away from Latrobe. It was the worst experience I have had and I fly a lot. I read some comments and people stated \"well you get what you pay for\". My flight was not cheap it was almost $300. That is not cheap. They nickel and dime you every way they can. I ended up going to US Airways and they handled my situation with courtesy and the flight was reasonable for one way. Spirit needs to learn about customer service."
"I was flying from FTL to LGA with about 5 other people. Upon arrival we came across one of the reps that led to the baggage drop off line her attitude was out of this world! I have never met anyone so miserable and rude. Once we got up to the desk we were told our flight was delayed but all the screens showed on time. we spoke to 7 different people and all gave us different answers different times even cancellations. Absolutely no one knew what was going on. Staff on board was also very rude! Not to mention how dirty and uncomfortable the plane was!! Needless to say I will never travel with this airline again."
"My husband and I flew round trip from Boston MA to West Palm Beach FLA. Return leg worked very well because we requested aisle seats which gave him a little more leg room. He is 6ft tall and was extremely uncomfortable in a middle seat going down. Coming home a very pleasant Spirit check in person suggested 2 aisle seats. I would definitely fly Spirit again. Didn't buy any extras because they were unnecessary. It was only a 3 hr. flight. We barely beat a blizzard into Boston by an hour or two."
"Took Spirit from LGA to Myrtle beach SC. On coming back got to the airport at 9am flight was for 12.30pm. They kept us in the airport until 11 pm and then decided to cancel the flight. They have no flights for another 4 days. I had to drive from SC to New York on a rented car. I will never take Spirit again. The customer service is the worst in the whole industry. They are rude unprofessional and disorganized. Yes refund was issued for the cancelled flight but nothing said about the inconveniences. They charged for everything even your little carryon."
"I flew Spirit because I was travelling with a group and they wanted to fly cheaply we flew from Ft. Lauderdale to Denver the tickets were cheap alright but they charge you extra for every little thing that you will be much better off getting a great fare from a regular airline. If you add baggage in the airport instead of online there is an extra $20 surcharge so our two luggage already an extra $50 for 2 bags became $90 dollars. Secondly my daughter wanted to sit by her friends after all that was part of a group experience I had to pay an extra $20 and no you cannot just request a seat assignment like normal airlines. The worst insult was that I paid an extra $25 dollars for sitting in the Exit Row but you know what I could have got it for free if you complained hard enough to the steward that your legs were too long and you would like an exit row seat. So the guy across the aisle from me got an extra seat for with nobody next to them for whining. If you want to fly this airline be obnoxious and you may get what you want for free otherwise if you are a normal person don't bother your whole back will just ache because the seat will not recline."
"NY LGA - Fort Lauderdale - Cartagena on 12/19/14. Cartagena - Fort Lauderdale - NY LGA on 01/05/14. Spirit Airlines possibly is the worst airline out there! Pretending to be cheap just to rip you off once you buy the ticket! They even charge $10 for printing your boarding pass if you do it at the airport at the counter. Soon they will charge for restroom use as well it would not surprise me. Their customer service is the most annoying in the world."
"Jan 7 201 Los Angeles (LAX) - Chicago O'Hare (ORD). Chicago O'Hare (ORD) - Fort Lauderdale FL (FLL). You get what you pay for - that would have been good but no at Spirit you don't even get what you paid for and the rudest most unfriendly staff of any airline. I paid for extra leg room upgraded seat on a flight from LA to Ft Lauderdale very nice but they only supplied the seats from LA to Chicago and when we changed planes we were supposed to pay again and they gave us normal seats. Next time calculate all the cost and you will find for a few Dollars more you can fly in a total different class with most other airlines. This airline can only be described as Absolutely Terrible."
"My fiancé and I recently traveled to Jamaica in January on Spirit Airlines. Avoid this airline at all costs. They have you believing you are saving money when you book your flight but then they charge you an outrageous amount for checked bags carry-ons and water-yes they charge you for water. Absolutely absurd. They also pack you in like sardines. There is absolutely no leg room at all. Oh and their customer service is a joke. I was on the phone with a robot for like 45 minutes before I even got through to a real person. And even when I got through they were of no help whatsoever. You can't pay me enough money to fly with this airline again. Like I have already said avoid at all costs!"
"The seats are very crowded if you are over 5'10\" forget it. We waited 1 hour on the tarmac for another bay to empty after landing. Once we finally got off the plane we waited over an hour for our luggage to be delivered to the trolley and then they put it on the wrong one. Someone just happened to notice everyone's luggage two bays away. The airline staff wouldn't even let me use the bathroom while waiting on the tarmac for one hour!"
"I think this airline pretends to be cheaper but it is actually not. They charge you for your luggage (even for the carry-on) some of the seats cannot even be reclined and they charge you for the cheapest snacks and drinks. I traveled to Costa Rica and the flight times were very bad. I had to pay a hotel in order to take my connecting flight the next day. In the end I spent the same I would have spent in another airline for a worse service (and more inconveniences). I am not going to use Spirit anymore."
"I will never fly Spirit again! Don't be fooled by their cheap rates. I can't believe how they nickel and dime you. It would have been cheaper to fly Delta and feel a little more comfort. Spirits new seats give you a little more leg room but are so uncomfortable. Made from formed plastic can't recline and not a whole lot of cushion. When checking the bags in Tampa the lines were long for fast bag drop off. It took an hour to get through that line. The counter person was courteous but complained about working too many hours and just wanted to go home. Flying back into Detroit we ended up waiting for a gate to open for over an hour and half. I don't know why we could not have used another gate temporarily to at least get off the plane. Then the stewardess asked people that were not transferring to let some transfers go first. Well everyone decided they were a transfer because they just wanted off the airplane. Then waiting for our bags was another story! We waited for over an 1 hour and half for the bags. People were getting angry and asking Spirit personnel what going on and all they could say was there were 7 planes arriving all at the same time and then they closed the door. After waiting all this time the bags showed up on another carousel without even notifying anyone. Our ride waited 3 hours for us to get out of the airport. Other carriers were able to get in and get their customers out on a timely basis. Why can't Spirit?"
"Will not fly Spirit again. Not worth it. We (4 of us) just flew Spirit Jan 1st 2015 to Florida and back on the 10th. Cheap? Nothing about Spirit Airlines is cheap. It might look cheap compared to other flights but if you add in your luggage costs your not cheap. If you don't look into it and read the fine print you will be charged for everything including your carry on! We knew we had to pay for luggage but when told we can pay for luggage at check in we were unaware of the increase amount per luggage you would be charged. Also you would have to pay extra to reserve a seat isn't that what your tickets are for? Nope you get what's left over unless you pay extra. Carry on in unable to fit under seat you pay and that's more than your actual luggage cost! Seats tight fitting no reclining seats which is fine as with hardly any room to begin with if someone reclined you'd be pinned! Lets not forget no more peanuts or pretzels and a water or soft drink if you want it bring it on with you or pay their prices! We would have probably saved money had we went with another airline when its all said and done."
"We will never fly spirit airlines because of the way we were treated. They bumped us from our flight saying we were late to the gate and then plane was running late and they still wouldn't let us on. On the bumped plane they were an hour and a half late leaving but that's ok. On the return flight we were running an hour late due to a flight attendant running late. This was a horrible experience. Never again."
"Going to my destination was not the problem we boarded on time and made it safe to our destination its coming home that was the issue. I arrived at the airport at 6am. on January 3 2015 which was a Saturday and was rudely informed by one of the Spirit attendants that my flight was going to be delayed until 10.30 that night. My flight was suppose to leave at 2.37 that afternoon but I was stuck at the airport for 17 hours. I had asked if I could possibly transfer to another flight. Well she was no help. I was told that this delay was due to a broken down airplane - that was just one of the excuses they gave me. The only thing I was given was 2 meal vouchers of 7 dollars each. After sitting there for 17 hours we finally boarded the plane only to be stuck behind a group of screaming children. The plane landed at 2.30 in the morning on January 4 2015 a Sunday. Overall I will never recommend going on any Spirit flight ever again."
"You do not get what you paid for - you get less. Our flight from Ft Lauderdale to LaGuardia was cancelled (with no advance notice) and they could not get us on a direct flight until four days later. They could get us on a non-direct flight (flying Lauderdale to Tampa to Detroit to NYC) but with an overnight (no hotel compensation) - the only compensation they offered for the four day wait was a 30% discount voucher for a hotel - we went over to Jet Blue and were treated well. My husband's brother was to fly on Spirit the day after us on the same route - we called him to let him know of our trouble he in turn called Spirit to confirm that the next day flight was still scheduled and they assured him it was. Needless to say the day after our problem with the airline my brother-in-law showed up for his flight which was also cancelled with no advance warning. Finally - the credit they give you is only partial! Needless to say none of us will fly this airline again. P.S. Regarding the rating of Spirit - I would choose 0 if it were an option."
"The seats were small and uncomfortable. The low ticket price lures you in but after you pay the outrageous baggage fees (including carry on baggage fees) you could've just spent a little bit more to fly on a better airline. You are not even given a complimentary drink (including water)."
"Flight: 197 6 Jan 2015. Flight: 174 9 Jan 2015. LGA-FLL FLL-LGA. The first flight was delayed by an hour due to the fact they decided to de-ice in the last minute. This is a safety must as I know but they could do it sooner since there was almost no snow and no rain or hail at all. The 2nd time the delay was 3 hours. During the wait the announcement claimed that the reason is ATC delay. Eventually we found out from the gate agents that the Aircraft we were meant to fly on has arrived an hour and a half after the designated departure time. At that boarding has started after 35 minutes resulting in another delay. At both flights there were no staff members who spoke good English. On the 2nd one they barely spoke any English."
"Will not fly Spirit again. Not worth it. We (4 of us) just flew Spirit Jan 1st 2015 to Florida and back on the 10th. Cheap? Nothing about Spirit Airlines is cheap. It might look cheap compared to other flights but if you add in your luggage costs your not cheap. If you don't look into it and read the fine print you will be charged for everything including your carry on! We knew we had to pay for luggage but when told we can pay for luggage at check in we were unaware of the increase amount per luggage you would be charged. Also you would have to pay extra to reserve a seat isn't that what your tickets are for? Nope you get what's left over unless you pay extra. Carry on in unable to fit under seat you pay and that's more than your actual luggage cost! Seats tight fitting no reclining seats which is fine as with hardly any room to begin with if someone reclined you'd be pinned! Lets not forget no more peanuts or pretzels and a water or soft drink if you want it bring it on with you or pay their prices! We would have probably saved money had we went with another airline when its all said and done."
"Spirit Airlines is actually not the cheapest airlines. At the point of ticket purchase you may think that you have saved $20 but think again. You will charged $50 for your carry-on item each way so that's $100 extra dollars spent. Their customer service is horrible even in person at the airport. Lastly don't even think to reschedule your flight because that will cost you over $120+. Not to mention the fact that their aircraft's seating is comparable to lawn chairs with leg room comfortable for anyone under the height of 5'6\"."
"First and last time flying Spirit 1/2/15 - 1/5/15. 1) The bag dimensions I was given on the phone were smaller than the actual bin they have at the airport to double check. The luggage I was using was 2 inches larger so I stuffed everything into a small duffle bag. 2) Flight was delayed 4x due to \"crew problem\". I arrived in Tampa 4 hours later than scheduled and it took 2 more hours to get to our hotel because I had to keep calling and rescheduling the shuttle. We lost 1 full day of our short 3.5 day vacation because of Spirit. They offered no credit at all. 3) Flight going back to Chicago delayed an hour for no reason. They kept switching gates between A16 and A17 and people were so confused we all stood there looking at each other. Someone going to Dallas boarded the Chicago flight in the confusion and they had to run after him. Once we were on the plane we had no pilots! When they finally showed up they explained over the intercom that they had just flown the plane in the next gate in from Detroit and they thought they were flying it back to Detroit. I think we left 30 minutes after our delay time. At this point I am glad I arrived in one piece. If they had offered some small piece of something to show they cared maybe I would consider flying them again but absolutely not. If they gave me a free round trip I wouldn't accept."
"First and last time flying Spirit 1/2/15 - 1/5/15. 1) The bag dimensions I was given on the phone were smaller than the actual bin they have at the airport to double check. The luggage I was using was 2 inches larger so I stuffed everything into a small duffle bag. 2) Flight was delayed 4x due to \"crew problem\". I arrived in Tampa 4 hours later than scheduled and it took 2 more hours to get to our hotel because I had to keep calling and rescheduling the shuttle. We lost 1 full day of our short 3.5 day vacation because of Spirit. They offered no credit at all. 3) Flight going back to Chicago delayed an hour for no reason. They kept switching gates between A16 and A17 and people were so confused we all stood there looking at each other. Someone going to Dallas boarded the Chicago flight in the confusion and they had to run after him. Once we were on the plane we had no pilots! When they finally showed up they explained over the intercom that they had just flown the plane in the next gate in from Detroit and they thought they were flying it back to Detroit. I think we left 30 minutes after our delay time. At this point I am glad I arrived in one piece. If they had offered some small piece of something to show they cared maybe I would consider flying them again but absolutely not. If they gave me a free round trip I wouldn't accept."
"I bought a ticket with Spirit Airlines due to their low price. However I didn't factor in the enormous amounts of extra fees that I'd be paying in the end which is my fault for not having thoroughly researched an airline. After purchasing my ticket we paid an extra $170 in fees. For a one way trip. $80 for two checked bags $20 in government fees (this is normally included in the ticket price I assumed). Then we had to pay for our seats for both the initial flight and the connecting flight so four more charges totalling $70. They have a random generated seating option which is free but then my fiancé and I wouldn't have been sitting together for our vacation which I think is absurd. Overall the base fare is cheap but with the nickle and diming that they do afterwords you're better off finding a different flight. I would recommend JetBlue."
"They suck you in with cheap ticket prices but then ravage you with extra charges and fees. The extras fees for us totalled $150! $40 per early checked bag (If we had checked in at the airport it would have been $100 per bag and $10 per person. Oh and a carry-on would have been another $100.) Plus their weight limit is 40lbs so if your bag is over that it'll be an additional $25. Also if you don't pay the $100 for a carry on to go in the overhead bin they won't let you stow it up there because it's reserved for those who did pay. Then we had to pay for our seats which would be free if we were ok with random chance seating. Also because we had to take a connecting flight we had to pay for seats on both planes. Then icing on the cake the regular $20 in taxes and fees. It should be considered fraud! In my opinion if you want a no frills airline to save some money check out Allegiant. They do it right. The way Spirit does it by the time you're done with all their extra fees they're no cheaper than anyone else. Allegiant still keeps it cheap despite the extra fees they charge. We paid the $18 for the \"Big\" seats but when we boarded the plane the ones we had chosen/paid for didn't even exist. They were just regular seats! The plane layout their website had given us to choose seats on was wrong!"
"We recently took an evening flight from Ft. Lauderdale FL to Denver CO. I was traveling with my husband and two young children The plane was filthy - there were crumbs and pistachio shells on the floor. The airplane was a disaster throughout - the floor desperately needed to be swept and/or vacuumed. Water was $3. Seats do not recline."
"Granted the prices are cheap but you will more than likely be disappointed. My brother and I had a reservation to fly to New York from Ft. Lauderdale and the flight was canceled not delayed but canceled due to \"bad weather\" and \"air traffic.\" All weather updates displayed sunny weather at 20°+ temperature. All other airlines were still on track to fly to New York except for Spirit airlines. No attendant could explain as to this specific airline can't fly. All flights to New York were canceled for 4 days all due to again \"bad weather\" and \"air traffic.\" As an added bonus refunds take about 7-10 business days. Even if you were able to book another flight with a different airline you possibly wouldn't be receiving your money back for anther two weeks. Spirit airlines is known for having many delays. Don't fall for the cheap prices. Save your time and money."
"The only good thing I have to say about this airline is that the seats were comfortable. Right from the start I realized my mistake 90 dollars to check an under 25 pound bag round trip. Are you kidding me? Then failing and refusing to give me a receipt for the transaction. Everyone of clerks and flight attendants were rude and seemed to have a personal vendetta against their passengers. And the horrible experience of that flight was only topped by my return flight where I was promptly informed that I had not paid to check my bag already. And that's when my life degraded into a 4 year old argument with a flight clerk the back and forth of \"No you didnt\" \"Yes I did!\" Drawing every onlooker in the near vicinity. I had to demand a manager I almost missed my flight. Then another 2 hour flight on the only airline that wants to charge you for juice."
"The seats were small and uncomfortable. The low ticket price lures you in but after you pay the outrageous baggage fees (including carry on baggage fees) you could've just spent a little bit more to fly on a better airline. You are not even given a complimentary drink (including water)."
"Will never fly Spirit again. Seats were uncomfortable - staff not very attentive. You have to pay extra for everything and the prices are not cheap at all. We would have been money ahead flying with a different carrier. Our flight from Chicago to Vegas was delayed by 4 hours. We were originally told it was due to mechanical problems - we found out from the pilot when we were taking off that our plane was actually given to a different flight and we had to wait for a plane to be available for us. Not sure what made our time any less important then the passengers that got our plane."
"I will never fly Spirit again. If you don't do your research prior to selecting Spirit you will be angered by the all the charges levied upon arrival at the airport. First off they have a 40 pound limit for bags. There are charges for each bag whether you check it online in advance or check at the ticket counter it is expensive. If you have a personal bag and a carry-on you will get charged $50 at the counter and $100 at the plane. Spirit charges you over $50 to select your seat. There is no beverage service in-flight. Overall it was a terribly expensive flight with no upside. Do not fly Spirit Airlines!"
"My flight to Chicago O'Hare was uneventful but my return flight to Denver was awful. The flight arrived 1 hour and 20 minutes late even though it left on time apparently it was just mis-advertised/scheduled. Once it finally arrived in Denver it took 45 minutes before the luggage started to show up then only half the luggage actually made it to the carousel. After another 45 minutes a conversation with an extremely unhelpful ticket agent a supervisor and an extremely rude spirit attendant (in the baggage claim area) the rest of the luggage finally arrived. Not once did any of the employees apologize for the inconvenience or actually try to remedy the situation. In addition the baggage fees are ridiculous they even include a $32 fee for a carry-on. These fees alone negate any savings you think you are getting. I will never fly this airline again I will willingly pay more for better service."
"I assumed Spirit airlines was a traditional airline since I booked the tickets like I book all my tickets and there were no notifications of additional expenses or the non-traditional business model. Now that I know more about the model I think they may be onto something but not informing customers that the seats are cramped especially on longer flights and that you need to pay for all baggage is poor business practice. I actually paid more for this flight with the baggage fees than I would have for a major US airline. In other words I actually paid more for less comfort no entertainment and a poor experience. This was once of my poorest flight experiences to date - this is based primarily on comfort and the fact that I felt duped. If Spirit had been up front with their business model I likely would have a different opinion. Businesses like this are made on repeat customers not a continuous stream of first time customers. Good business model if you really can provide seats for cheaper (mine wasn't cheaper) but poor execution. I will not be a repeat customer."
"Do not fly spirit airlines. A regular price ticket that was really no cheaper than the other airlines. The reason we chose Spirit is because the flight times were just what we wanted. A fee for carry-on baggage. When did this become acceptable? There were three different levels of payment - $35 if you paid online for early check-in $50 if you paid during check-in or $100 if you paid at the gate. No complementary beverage service. On our 4 hour flight no drink was offered without a fee. Not even water. All these extra fees added up to a trip which was actually $150 more expensive than using a different airline. The seats do not recline."
"I was a member of their $9 fare club. I personally didn't notice a difference in anything! You pay for absolutely everything. I was flying from Michigan to Fort Myers. Customer Service is unfriendly. My plane was delayed two hours. Once finally on the plane it was delayed another hour due to the engine overheating or whatever. PA system was kind of garbled. Only at that point we were offered a complimentary drink and snack because of the delay. The seats are tiny and you're charged for picking your seat. (Delta doesn't charge you for that)."
"This is the worst airline out there. $10 for checking in. $50 for carry-on (make sure you pay for them at check-in or its a whopping $100 to carry on a bag at the gate) $45 for checked bags $25 for anything over 40 lbs. Extra charge for seats. The prices aren't even that much better and the schedules often not good. In fact what you save in ticket price you more than double in fees."
"This airline has to be the worst I have ever traveled with. I don't know if it's because of the holidays or if they are just always like this. Their tickets might be cheap but you pay for it in every other thing that they can think of to charge you for. Don't bother bringing carry on thinking you'll save money 50$ to check carry on. Don't forget they charge you for a small cup of water. That's not really what irks me though - it's the fact that this airline doesn't seem to have anything together. Everyone of my flights were delayed by an hour to 2 hours for random and not clearly explained reasons. Everyone is fairly rude and not reassuring. Not only have these delays inconvenience myself they also inconvenience the people coming to get me from the airport. All in all poor service poor comfort (the seats don't recline at all). Terrible prices for luggage and food. I am completely disappointed with this airline and I don't think I will ever use them again."
"I flew today with my family of 5 from Houston to Orlando we arrived at the airport 2 hours prior to our 7:20am flight. When we arrived at the ticket counter for the \"fast bag drop\" the line was out the side doors of the Houston airport with 1 person working the baggage counter. We waited in that line over 40 minutes. When we were asked to come up to the counter the Spirit worker was very snappy and rude. We made it to the gate and started boarding an hour after boarding time."
"Sept 11-16 Flight 501 Flight 520 returning. We flew Spirit for the first time in sept 2014 Kansas City to Las Vegas. Our flight going was acceptable but the return flight was downright horrible. First we get to the airport and there is a line about 3 miles long. We tried to do online check in but the site was down. Then the worst of all the flight was delayed 3 times I will never fly this outfit again."
"I just booked a trip with Spirit but am going to cancel and take the loss. Talk about a rip off. They charge more for baggage than any other airline including carry-on. You have to pay for a carry on unless it fits under the seat. Their cancellation fee is higher than any other airline and you have to pay for an assigned seat. While their fares seem reasonable at first with all the add ons they are more expensive than most major carriers. It's almost impossible to reach a human being on their customer service line."
"Terrible experience. Only 2nd time I've used this airline and will never use them again. My wife and I had a change of plans 4 days after booking for a flight 2 months in the future. Original tickets $440 - $312 in change fees = $128 refund that has to be used in 60 days on Spirit Airlines. You can be the judge if this is fair treatment. You get what you pay for!"
"Our flight was reserved as part of a AAA vacation package to Cancun Mexico. Had we known about the lack of free non-alcoholic beverages not being able to recline the seats and being wedged into a seat like a sardine I would have not flown with Spirit Airlines! Luckily our hotel had a working computer and printer for the boarding passes. Otherwise we would have had to pay at the airport for not having boarding tickets. And why did we pay to be in an early boarding group for the entire round-trip if our boarding group and the next boarding group were called to board at the same time? This happened at both legs to our destination and both legs from our destination! Luggage cost: Spirit charges $40 for a 40 lbs suitcase at the time of on-line check-in $50 for additional suitcases. We had three suitcases. Yes it's a bit cheaper if paying for suitcases at the time of reservation which we could not do because we booked through AAA. The cost per suitcase is even more for heavier suitcases and if paid for at the airport. Last I checked most other airlines accept up to 50 lbs per suitcase for about $25. By the way some airlines allow up to 70 lbs per suitcase for international flights. We and several other passengers almost missed the connecting flight from Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore. We flew in from Cancun picked up our luggage to take through customs and then followed the signs to the location for re-checking the luggage. No one was at the re-check location all of us had to go upstairs and re-check our baggage at the regular ticket counter. Having said all this the prices aren't that much cheaper and after all the nickel and diming the cost is nearly the same as other airlines. We rather pay a bit more up-front and have more leg room free water/soda recline our seats not worry about being able to print boarding passes at our hotel and have an agent on-site for luggage re-checking after going through international customs."
"Spent 4 hours on tarmac before getting to terminal then 3 more hours in line waiting to get through customs. The staff were extremely rude. We then missed our connecting flight which was the last one for the day. We were supposed to have a 4 hour layover but because of the unexplained delay we were instead forced to wait until the next day for a flight. There was no explanation for the delays. The weather was good. There also was no courtesy from any of the Spirit staff. We were told to just deal with it."
"Our flight was reserved as part of a AAA vacation package to Cancun Mexico. Had we known about the lack of free non-alcoholic beverages not being able to recline the seats and being wedged into a seat like a sardine I would have not flown with Spirit Airlines! Luckily our hotel had a working computer and printer for the boarding passes. Otherwise we would have had to pay at the airport for not having boarding tickets. And why did we pay to be in an early boarding group for the entire round-trip if our boarding group and the next boarding group were called to board at the same time? This happened at both legs to our destination and both legs from our destination! Luggage cost: Spirit charges $40 for a 40 lbs suitcase at the time of on-line check-in $50 for additional suitcases. We had three suitcases. Yes it's a bit cheaper if paying for suitcases at the time of reservation which we could not do because we booked through AAA. The cost per suitcase is even more for heavier suitcases and if paid for at the airport. Last I checked most other airlines accept up to 50 lbs per suitcase for about $25. By the way some airlines allow up to 70 lbs per suitcase for international flights. We and several other passengers almost missed the connecting flight from Fort Lauderdale to Baltimore. We flew in from Cancun picked up our luggage to take through customs and then followed the signs to the location for re-checking the luggage. No one was at the re-check location all of us had to go upstairs and re-check our baggage at the regular ticket counter. Having said all this the prices aren't that much cheaper and after all the nickel and diming the cost is nearly the same as other airlines. We rather pay a bit more up-front and have more leg room free water/soda recline our seats not worry about being able to print boarding passes at our hotel and have an agent on-site for luggage re-checking after going through international customs."
"My perplexing journey began when I sent a question to Spirits customer service the week before Thanksgiving I am still waiting for a response. I learned very quickly and painfully that if you want to choose a seat on the plane you do pay. If you want to bring a carry-on you do pay. If you want a drink you do pay. Another painful discovery I made on this journey is that they change prices on an apparent whim. When I went online to check in my bag the information said it would cost $25. When I finally got to the payment page there was a notice that the charge had increased to $27 due to the holiday but when I actually submitted my payment I was charged $30 for my checked bag. On the flight home the online charge for the same bag was upped to $40 - with no explanation. I also discovered that when some people bring food onto the plane rather than buying it on the plane the variety of smells can become nauseating. On the first flight the seat backs had been scavenge they had no padding or covering. The tray tables held one drink and one cup but I'm guessing that they don't get much use anyway since you have to pay $2.00 for water. Then when we arrived at the gate no one came to let us out. The captain eventually said that the gate people didn't know we were there. I guess they didn't recognize the large object parked on the runway outside their window. This is only the tip of the proverbial iceberg. All-in-all experiencing Spirits “bait and switch” tactics I refuse to ever repeat that mistake."
"I recently traveled from Denver to Vegas for the first time on Spirit Airlines. As soon as I got to the airport I was not only surprised by the $40 checked bag fee but the $50 carry on fee. But knowing that a lot of airlines are charging bag fees I paid and moved on. We got to the seating section of the check in and it offered for me to select a seat for additional money or have it randomly picked. I was traveling with someone but thought surely they wouldn't separate passengers traveling together. I was wrong. Then of course they couldn't even offer a free drink. My seat just fit me and I had to have my arms crossed the entire flight. On the flight home I paid $81.00 for a checked bag and the privilege of sitting next to the person I was traveling with. The only positive was the flight attendants traveling home who were extremely funny. I will never fly this airlines again and will be sure to tell anyone thinking of flying with them not to."
"At ATL booked on flight 877 to FFL at 10.15 am it's currently 2.20 flight delay very little info. No one at Spirit counter seems interested had to tell them they are suppose to give updates every 30 minutes."
"I looked for a flight from BWI to Las Vegas and all the other airlines where either completely booked or the fares were ridiculous. When I saw Spirit offering a flight for half price of the other airlines I jumped all over it without thinking or finding out why the fare was so much cheaper. If you thought the seats in other airlines where small you should see these ones. You have to pay for your bags even the small articles you have in your hands. Buy your bag pass online for $32 and do not carry a bag onboard. If you want assigned seats it will cost you $10 to $45 to get a seat otherwise you have to take whatever they give you and let me tell you those seats are tight. Do not ask the flight attendant for anything you will be charged handsomely. It was still a good deal for me and I am happy I got where I was going but it wasn't too pleasant."
"One way flight from McCarran airport Las Vegas to BWI in Baltimore flight 696 Nov 29. When buying 4 cross country tickets for our family flying is not inexpensive by any stretch. But Spirit takes flying to a whole new low. The seats were so close together that my knees touched the seat in front of me. And I am only 5 ft. 4 in. I felt so bad for the 6 foot tall man beside me. There were pretzel crumbs all over the floor no complementary beverages (even water) and not even a sick bag in my seat pocket. Do I need to pay extra for that too? Finally the seat reclined all of two inches which was no reprieve for my discomfort. It is probably the most inhumane way to travel. I will never fly with them again."
"Cheap base price doesn't translate to cheap overall prices. I implore anyone looking at the \"low\" fares on Spirit and thinking they're getting a deal to think again. This airline is bar none the worst airline out there. They will charge you to choose a seat anywhere from $11-$45 on the flight I took. They will charge you fees to check in at the airport $10. They will charge you an awful amount of money to the point where it is no longer cheaper than others. Want to bring a laptop? Well that's an extra $45. Thinking about a drink on-board? More money out of your pocket. Service is horrendous. The flight attendants were rude and you're packed into a sardine can with far less room than you would have on a real airline. It turns out I would have saved more money flying Southwest or Delta. This was all while checking in on-line and trying my best to avoid those extra charges. I didn't choose a seat. I was forced to take one carry-on and I didn't buy anything inflight. I will never fly this airline again."
"No matter how low their prices \"look\" because that's simply all it is a facade with tons of hidden fees to come after you commit to their \"low\" ticket prices. Our tickets were $275 each which sounded great for a direct flight to FL from MA. Then the nightmare began $20 per person to sit with my husband on the flight I just paid for. You have to pay for your bags in advance or the prices just go up - who knows what size bags they'll be bringing 3 months prior to their trip. We paid $70 per person for 1 checked bag each. Only a small purse or briefcase is allowed on the flight with you at no charge if you want a carry on you pay for that too. So we put everything in our checked bags to save money. Planes wasn't very clean and the seats were tiny don't recline and even better nothing is free! No snack no water soda etc everything costs money. The staff onboard were stuffy and not cheerful. If you don't check-in online before arriving at the airport they charge you another $10 per person each way. At check in for the flight home my bag (the same weight it was when we left Boston) would cost me $50 due to being overweight - now it's double for the same suitcase. Staff did not want to help and simply said I could either take things out or pay. On top of our $275 flight we spent $275 in \"fees\" which brought our tickets to $400 per person."
"Flight got canceled but other family members made it to same destination on other airlines (Southwest). Never received any text or e-mail notice until 10 hrs later. No help or assistance from counter just we will give you your money back. Walked over to United and they were more than happy to help us find flight. Flew back on Spirit as did not want to cancel and not have way home. Flight delayed due to attendant being late. Comfortable seat yes pay the extra $25.00 but regular seats all I heard was complaints of how tight the were. Staff on flight back tired unfriendly. Booked through them do to saving money never again spend the extra few dollars it is well worth it for other airlines."
"One way flight from McCarran airport Las Vegas to BWI in Baltimore flight 696 Nov 29. When buying 4 cross country tickets for our family flying is not inexpensive by any stretch. But Spirit takes flying to a whole new low. The seats were so close together that my knees touched the seat in front of me. And I am only 5 ft. 4 in. I felt so bad for the 6 foot tall man beside me. There were pretzel crumbs all over the floor no complementary beverages (even water) and not even a sick bag in my seat pocket. Do I need to pay extra for that too? Finally the seat reclined all of two inches which was no reprieve for my discomfort. It is probably the most inhumane way to travel. I will never fly with them again."
"Cheap base price doesn't translate to cheap overall prices. I implore anyone looking at the \"low\" fares on Spirit and thinking they're getting a deal to think again. This airline is bar none the worst airline out there. They will charge you to choose a seat anywhere from $11-$45 on the flight I took. They will charge you fees to check in at the airport $10. They will charge you an awful amount of money to the point where it is no longer cheaper than others. Want to bring a laptop? Well that's an extra $45. Thinking about a drink on-board? More money out of your pocket. Service is horrendous. The flight attendants were rude and you're packed into a sardine can with far less room than you would have on a real airline. It turns out I would have saved more money flying Southwest or Delta. This was all while checking in on-line and trying my best to avoid those extra charges. I didn't choose a seat. I was forced to take one carry-on and I didn't buy anything inflight. I will never fly this airline again."
"No matter how low their prices \"look\" because that's simply all it is a facade with tons of hidden fees to come after you commit to their \"low\" ticket prices. Our tickets were $275 each which sounded great for a direct flight to FL from MA. Then the nightmare began $20 per person to sit with my husband on the flight I just paid for. You have to pay for your bags in advance or the prices just go up - who knows what size bags they'll be bringing 3 months prior to their trip. We paid $70 per person for 1 checked bag each. Only a small purse or briefcase is allowed on the flight with you at no charge if you want a carry on you pay for that too. So we put everything in our checked bags to save money. Planes wasn't very clean and the seats were tiny don't recline and even better nothing is free! No snack no water soda etc everything costs money. The staff onboard were stuffy and not cheerful. If you don't check-in online before arriving at the airport they charge you another $10 per person each way. At check in for the flight home my bag (the same weight it was when we left Boston) would cost me $50 due to being overweight - now it's double for the same suitcase. Staff did not want to help and simply said I could either take things out or pay. On top of our $275 flight we spent $275 in \"fees\" which brought our tickets to $400 per person."
"Round-trip flight from Minneapolis to Vegas leaving 12/4/14. Upon arriving at the airport as I was checking my bag today I was told the flight was cancelled. They said my money could be refunded or I could fly out the next day at 11pm. There was no offer to assist me in getting another flight today. As a result I spent 5 hours trying to get a flight out that same day but could find nothing under $1200. Horrible customer service from Spirit and as a result my entire vacation was cancelled."
"Delayed a couple hours heading from Vegas to SD. Then from SD to Vegas it was delayed several hours. Ended up having to stay in SD an extra night. The staff are horrible and distant not caring at all. No food or rooms offered. I am now at the airport for my flight that was supposed to board at 9.25am. It is currently 10:30 and the flight has been delayed until at least 12.30. I will not be surprised in the least if it is further delayed. Horrible airline!"
"This airline is horrible! Our flight ended up being only $30 cheaper by the time we added bags and seats that's right you have to pay for the flight the bags then the seat you want and if you want anything at all on the flight its extra! The seats were cramped really cramped! The flight was 2 hours late. The flight attendants were rude. Not worth the hassle."
"The staff were so unprofessional! Instead of getting us seated they were talking amongst each other. We had a big seat and the floor was filthy. We've been using Spirit for about 15 years and they were very good years ago but we definitely see a big decline in personnel dirty seats floors etc. It doesn't cost more money for at least the staff to be courteous and friendly. We are looking for a new airlines. Last night was the last straw!"
"I am not one for negativity but had a been slightly more knowledgeable about this airline I mostly likely would have booked another carrier for the extra few hundred dollars. I have the feeling its our responsibility as consumers to research and be as informed as possible within reason. The extra baggage charges seat charges etc I could deal with even though I found this out only 2 days before I left for my vacation. What left me with a huge dissatisfaction was the gate attendant. We heard cancellation announcements for other passengers and became concerned about ours. When we enquired the attendant was very nonchalant and unapologetic and provided no solution to our issue. Had this employee been properly informed we would have known in plenty of time to get leave the airport rent a car and drive to Ft. Lauderdale to catch our connecting flight to Costa Rica. The nonchalant attitudes seem to be a common thread throughout this airline. All in all this vacation worked itself out but it was too much stress because of the unprofessional and unorganized ways of this airline."
"Don't be deceived by their low base rate They will charge> you for everything except the bathroom and squeeze every dollar out of you that they can! We paid extra for luggage over 40 pounds which most airlines are 50 pounds. We paid extra to ensure we got to be seated together for our trip. Extra for snacks and water! And when you check-in online and you qualify for express baggage check-in be prepared to wait 45 minutes to one hour! Do your homework and compare bottom-line prices including baggage seating check the allowable baggage weight etc and whatever you do do not choose Spirit Airlines!"
"The ancillary fees are plainly excessive. From bag charges small luggage allowances (40lb instead of common place 50lb) plus the fact that carry-on is charged for completely negates the base price is low. On a business trip from Europe our transatlantic fare included luggage fees was less than flying from Florida to Las Vegas with Spirit. We had no chance of printing out boarding passes and were then charged for that too. If there are any other way of going from A to B I will not fly this Company again. It's too stressful and aggravating."
"Flight was $200 compared to an average of $250 for other carriers. Got to gate and was told my \"one and only\" carry on bag (that fits in the overhead compartment) was too large to qualify and would cost me $100 round trip. That's 50% of the total flight charge. Had no choice as I was already at the airport. Got on plane. Charged $2.50 for a coffee. Lady next to me was also charged for a blanket. I will never fly this airline again. Seat was cramped and uncomfortable."
"Deceptive low ball pricing sucks you in - but they then hit you with hidden charges for everything. You will be repeatedly ripped off and end up paying 110% extra for an uncomfortable seat on a filthy rundown plane with a surly rude crew and lousy service! Our round trip tickets (2 adults - One with a carry on bag and one with a checked bag) from Ft. Lauderdale to NY were supposed to cost $280.32 but ended up costing $612.36."
"This was our first time flying with Spirit and we will never fly with them again. My best friend and I took a trip to Las Vegas and flew with Spirit. Myself as an Entertainer and her as a Hospitality Manager we travel a lot and work and deal with people. From start to finish not a single worker was friendly genuine or even showed a smile. We received attitude from multiple workers only because they themselves were having a bad day and taking it out on their customers. Most airlines allow you to have your bags up to 50 pounds but Spirit only allows 40 pounds. Along with that their prices for luggage (including overweight fees) are ridiculously expensive and you have to pay for your carry-on as well. There are no complimentary drinks or snacks on the flights and what they do offer you have to pay for and is yes expensive. I would not recommend Spirit Airlines to anyone."
"Used Spirit for our honeymoon to Puerto Rico. I thought I was getting a good deal and boy I was wrong. This airline charges you for everything. After buying our tickets months ahead of time I then checked a day before we left for our trip and was charged over $400.00 for luggage and to pick our seats! When I checked in the flight was still leaving on time. I then checked our flight again before we left in the morning and it still said the flight was on time. When we arrived our flight had a 4 hour delay. After 3 hours they then told us it would be another hour delay and that we would be unable to get to our destination that day if we had connecting flights. They put us in a hotel in Fort Lauderdale overnight. The next day after boarding after a 5 hour delay they then told us all to get back off the for a security check of the plane they forgot to do. They assigned the seats that my husband and I paid for to another family. Ground staff and flight attendants were rude and showed no compassion!! No call back from customer service after a week of waiting."
"I was super disappointed with my flying experience with Spirit. I didn't read the fine print on the cost of luggage and seats. I guess that is my fault but pretty sneaky on Spirit’s part. Those are costs that you should really make sure your customers can read. The cost of the flight attracted me $336 round trip not bad! Then it was another $60 for my luggage and another $40 for my seat. You can imagine my surprise when I sat down in my $20 seat that was truly the most uncomfortable seat I have ever sat on in an airplane. When the flight attendants came around with beverages and snacks to purchase they even charge for water."
"I will not be flying Spirit Airlines again! I would rather drive the 2 hours it takes to get to Charleston SC so I can fly Southwest Airlines. We had 4 legs to our trip and had no problems until we got to the last leg of our trip. The staff were rude and obnoxious! We were told we had to check the bag that we'd been carrying with us the entire time! The cheap seats are no match for quality customer service!"
"Spirit's \"cheap\" flights are deceiving. If you compare the base cost to other airlines it will most likely be cheaper. However Spirit is amazing at finding every single possible way they can get even one more dollar from you. You can't even get water on the plane without pulling out your credit card. 1 carry on bag is $50. You can't select any seat to ensure you stay with your party without paying at least $10. The seats are small and uncomfortable and don't even recline. Customer service is not a priority for Spirit Airlines. The employees I came across at BWI and LAX as well as on the phone were not friendly. Reps were clearly there only for a paycheck which seems to line up with Spirits over all mentality. The only reason I am giving Spirit more than one star in overall trip satisfaction is because both flights were on-time. All economy airlines were not created equally. Thanks for the reminder Spirit. I will forever pay a few more dollars on the base rate and remember that the included courtesy reclining seats water/soda are more than worth it."
"Once is definitely enough to experience a lousy flight with Spirit. Supposedly offers low airfares to \"nickel and dime\" a customer to the point that the extra \"hidden\" costs equate the original cost of the ticket? For what should have cost $125.00 for a round trip flight from San Diego to Las Vegas ended up costing me over $200.00. For less than that I could have flown at least a couple other carriers with a reclining seat with legroom free wifi or video service (regardless if I used it or not) free water or soft drinks and a snack (again regardless if used or not)! For anyone over 5' 3\" tall I strongly advise you go with any other carrier."
"I needed an emergency flight from NYC to CHI on 10-28-14 returning on 11-2-14. I was able to book my flight for a pretty good price but boy was I in for a trip. Going there was good until I was told I would need to pay for my carry on bag which would have been $50.00. I went to the rep at the airport gate she looked at my bag and said it was fine. Everything on flight I had to pay for (snacks beverage no entertainment). None the less it was a night flight so I just went to sleep. Now on the return flight is where it went all downhill. I arrived at the airport an hour and a half before the flight 30 minutes before takeoff they announce it is cancelled due to crew and they had no other flights to put me on. Their only offer was to reschedule my flight for the next flight out at 6am or get a refund. I asked for the refund so that I could book a flight on Jetblue. I will never recommend Spirit nor subject myself to their services again."
"Flew into Fort Lauderdale from Boston - went to check in and was shocked at being charged $50 for carry-on baggage. Last minute aircraft change and numerous people were complaining about how dirty the plane was trash was on the floor and stuffed into the seat pockets. No leg room with my knees crammed against the back of the seat and the person in front of complaining because I wouldn't let them recline their seat. On the return flight we spent over 2 hours online trying to print boarding passes with 2 other couples and none of could get past the log in. We called Customer Service were no help."
"We flew out of Portland (an hour and a half late) got to Chicago late and since we were late we missed our connecting flight home to Houston. When we were trying to figure out our next flight the lady told us we could go to Atlanta and then Houston or wait at Chicago for about 7 hours and go to Houston later. So we chose to be active so we went to Atlanta then Houston. Well the lady didn't tell us that we had to recheck our bags (we should have known to ask but that's their job to make sure). So we get to Houston and guess what we have no luggage or car seat for my 6 month old baby. So thank you Spirit for the most stressful 24 hours. I am now sitting in the baggage pick up at midnight waiting for my things when I should be home sleeping."
"Flew with spirit for the first time for our honeymoon to Costa Rica - we knew we had a lay over in Ft. Lauderdale (12 hours) with a connecting flight but we did not mind getting a hotel there - unfortunately our flight was delayed we missed our reservations for dinner and made it to our hotel by midnight to sleep for 5 hours before we had to make our connecting flight. That flight was also delayed - reason unknown - they offered drinks but were out of most everything. The only thing for purchase was ramon noodles and coffee a strange combo at 7 am. The seats are so small and close together you can't move - the plane inside was filthy all over. On the way back once again our flight was delayed (mechanical reasons) by several hours. When we arrived back to Florida we had already missed our connecting flight - I will say that they took care of us in that instance and since it was their fault we missed our flight they put us up in a Holiday Inn paid for food and transport and had us out on a flight the next day. That flight was also late - and once again they were out of most refreshments. Maybe I would fly again if I was desperate but probably not."
"We are currently onboard Spirit Flight 710 that landed at LaGuardia airport on time on Sunday October 19. Upon arrival the pilot announced that another aircraft was loading passengers at our gate and we would be at the gate within 15 minutes. It is now over an hour later and we are still not at our gate no further announcements. The pilot has announced that the FAA is completing the log book and the flight attendants should provide us complimentary snacks and drinks. Only one gate for this flight and no plan B is on of their continued problem and the lack of customer service is another major issues. Any consideration for sending a bus and have us deplane? The plane is freezing cold! We were doing fine until we finally landed and after not flying Spirit for a while owing to the poor and consistently horrific customer service my return has been met with another horror ending. Spirit do us a favour and do not expand until you improve your existing services."
"May have saved a few dollars in airfare but paid more in the long run. Leaving Chicago flight delayed 2 hours. When asked why no response could be given actually got a shoulder shrug. Arrived in Las Vegas 3 hours late still do not know why. Leaving Vegas on Monday check flight status before leaving for hotel \"on time\". Flight supposed to leave at 8:29 am at 7:45 post that the arriving flight just leaving from Dallas. You mean to tell me they did not know our flight was delayed when the arriving flight had not even left the airport? Would it kill to keep flight information updated and accurate? Most airlines send out update texts which requires only an automated system. Spirit cannot be bothered with little things like Customer Service. I guess our time is worth nothing. When all said and done baggage fees seat assignment fees $2 for water and five extra hours in the airport means bye-bye."
"The prices are tempting. Just keep in mind there is a charge for everything except using the bathroom on the plane so be sure to add those charges in when figuring the actual price of your ticket. You are allowed one free \"carry-on\" as long as it will fit under the seat in front of you. For a carry-on-sized bag that is free on other airlines you pay an additional $45.00 each way so for a round-trip ticket if you fly with a carry-on add $90.00 to the fare. This is only if you pay at the ticket counter or on-line. If you wait until you get to the gate it will cost you $100.00 one way for your carry-on. You are able to check-in online 24 hours before the flight. Do it because they overbook. If you want to select a particular seat the charge is $15.00 one way. There is a charge for all refreshments including bottled water. On many planes the seats don't move. All of this I knew about before-hand. What I didn't know about was how poorly the airline treats their customers once they have the booking. The representatives of the airline either lie or intentionally ill informed. Either way it works against the customer. I was delayed from 8.30pm until midnight on my return flight. Always check on your flight before you leave for the airport. Sadly I didn't. No one was at the gate to inform people and there were no announcements. The only way we found out anything was with our smartphones. No texts from the airline either. At 10:30 PM finally there came an announcement: we were told that the flight was cancelled because of bad weather. We could either take a refund for one way or wait until the next night at 8.30pm and try again. No help looking for other flights on other airlines either. Where was the bad weather? Skies were clear. The flight originated in Houston took off and went directly to Ft. Lauderdale and by-passed my stop in New Orleans. Spirit reps didn't tell anyone about that either - found out about that piece of info through a friend who called the airline. I went to the ticket counter and was told Spirit had no other flights available until the next night. I found out about another flight on Spirit that left the next afternoon when I called the airline after I got back to my daughters house. Others were not so lucky. No hotel vouchers for that night because the airline doesn't issue vouchers for flights cancelled due to bad weather. Spirit is notorious for claiming bad weather as the excuse for flight cancellations. That night the agent on the phone did book me on the afternoon flight the next day no extra charge. But be warned - don't fly in the evening if you can help t or you can get stranded make your own phone calls and don't trust Spirit reps at the airport to help you or give you accurate information. I'm going to have to save a lot of money to ever fly this airline again. Not worth the aggravation!"
"I flew from DFW to Tampa Oct 18 2014 and return flight Oct 22 2014. First leg of flight was delayed 8 hours. I was scheduled to arrive 6.30 pm and arrived at 2.30 am. I was not given a voucher for cab food or any viable alternative travel options. I was visiting a friend who was recovering from major surgery and could not ask anybody in her family to pick me up at that time of night/morning so I paid for a $40 cab ride. The flight back to DFW was packed and I was in a row with a man who had to have been well over 400 pounds possibly closer to 500 pounds. A girl and I shared one seat while the large man had two seats. I was terribly disappointed with Spirit Airlines. Although your flight attendants are wonderful they can't make up for these ridiculous fails on your scheduling and overbooking. I would have paid an extra $500 to get to my destination on time and to actually get a full seat on my flight."
"Spirit is by far the most unreliable airline I have flown. Aside from the 2 plus hour delays aside from the cheap seats with super thin backrests/the cramped space aside from charging for any bag bigger than a size of a purse it's been a cost effective experience - one in which I'll pay not to ever fly again."
"We are currently onboard Spirit Flight 710 that landed at LaGuardia airport on time on Sunday October 19. Upon arrival the pilot announced that another aircraft was loading passengers at our gate and we would be at the gate within 15 minutes. It is now over an hour later and we are still not at our gate no further announcements. The pilot has announced that the FAA is completing the log book and the flight attendants should provide us complimentary snacks and drinks. Only one gate for this flight and no plan B is on of their continued problem and the lack of customer service is another major issues. Any consideration for sending a bus and have us deplane? The plane is freezing cold! We were doing fine until we finally landed and after not flying Spirit for a while owing to the poor and consistently horrific customer service my return has been met with another horror ending. Spirit do us a favour and do not expand until you improve your existing services."
"First and last Spirit flight. Was warned by friends that the extra fees and consistently late or canceled flights wouldn't be worth the $20 savings. They were right. Delayed from MSP to LAS - 1 hr. Delayed 2.5 hours from LAS to MSP."
"Awful service delayed flights poor communication (attendant with poor mannerisms made few announcements did not know correct gate until last minute). On the first flight the attendants did not know which gate the 2nd flight would be until they landed and opened the plane door (what is this no abilities to call the airport ahead of time?). During layover I had to deplane knowing I had to board the same plane again. I misplaced my ticket during the layover and hence had to wait until the very end to reprint my ticket and board again. This entire process could have been avoided if I stayed on the same plane to begin with."
"Miami was my original place of departure we were run from gate 2468 about ten times until finally we left on gate 10 after 45 minutes of the playing magical gate game. The price for the baggage was excessive and overcame the rest of the pleasant flight. Don't worry there are other airline with lower service rating like American Airline and lower of poll US Airways."
"Purchased airfare from Denver to Ft. Lauderdale with a connection in Chicago. After arriving at Denver airport and waiting at the gate for boarding I received an email saying the flight to Chicago was delayed an hour. No less than 15-20 minutes later I received a second email saying that the flight was actually on time and the customer service rep announced we would be boarding at 2pm. Wrong! Sat there at the gate another 20-30 minutes after 2pm and just as the plane is boarding they call the names of all the Ft Lauderdale bound passengers and tell us that we aren't going to make our connection and the next available flight is on Sunday. This was a Tuesday! As if that wasn't bad enough the service reps responses were extremely rude and amounted to \"gee sorry who cares\". Already had paid their $50 bag fee which they had originally charged me $80 for. Their employees kept telling us the issue was air traffic control in Chicago but coincidentally nearly every one of their flights from anywhere to Denver that day were late or delayed not at all just Chicago. It was blatantly obvious that they were straight up lying and that the real issue was likely a mechanical problem. Eventually got sick of arguing and had them refund everything and re-booked the next day on a real airline which cost me an extra $300."
"I will never fly this airline again. The tickets are cheap but any savings are more than made up for as they proceed to nickel and dime you every chance they get. The checked bag fee is almost double what other airlines charge but it's outrageous that they charge even more for carry on bags. They also charge to print your boarding pass which I was asked to rip in half myself before boarding the plane. The seats don't recline so that they can pack more passengers on the plane - very uncomfortable. I expected to pay for food but not for drinks - including water. The plane was filthy - as I boarded I noticed crumbs all over the seats and large pieces of food all over the floor. I will never fly with this airline again. I wont go business with a company that charges me hidden fees at every opportunity."
"Do not believe their hype that they are cheap. Spirit charges for everything. You pay for your flight and find out there is an additional fee when assigning your regular seats water on the flight and expensive luggage prices which includes carry on. Once you total all the added fees you are paying more. They added more rows of seats which means you have less room than normal. First time I used them and feel \"hosed\"."
"Do not believe their hype that they are cheap. Spirit charges for everything. You pay for your flight and find out there is an additional fee when assigning your regular seats water on the flight and expensive luggage prices which includes carry on. Once you total all the added fees you are paying more. They added more rows of seats which means you have less room than normal. First time I used them and feel \"hosed\"."
"Worst trip ever. Flight was cancelled due to fire in air traffic control in Chicago (not the fault of Spirit). However the customer service was horrendous. The next day I checked in and the manager was training 5 new employees. The manager was taking her time to show them the process step by step and made me jump through hoops to show them how a customer checks luggage to make sure it's the right size. I asked if considering the last 24 hours she could skip the training and check me in faster. She was rude inconsiderate and showed 5 new employees that terrible customer service is OK with Spirit. I'll never fly them again."
"Flight from Chicago to Boston got cancelled due to bad weather. The customer service was very limited (extremely long wait time it felt like speaking to a robot who kept repeating itself). The company only provided the option of booking the next available Spirit flight which was more than 24hours later or get a refund of the cancelled flight (so only 50% of total flight price). The company didn't provide the opportunity of booking a flight with another airline."
"Horrible customer service unprofessional staff bad information. Flight out to Chicago was late 90 minutes. Was misinformed that my flight was canceled on the return and ended up having to pay for a hotel and dinner and catching a red-eye flight on my dime on the return. Worst ever experience flying and with customer service in general. These folks hire people that are unprofessional and have zero training in service. They also nickle and dime you for everything. I wouldn't fly them again also they have the worst seats in the airline industry."
"No value not satisfied not using this company any longer. I saved money on the tickets but after my bag and carry-on fees I spent more than the other airlines was charging oh and don't fly back into the USA and go through customs at Ft. Lauderdale unless you have 5 hours to waste. 5 hours in line and office told me they were short 25 employees and those that were on staff were knew which meant they were slow."
"Spirit is a scam. Its approach is to make you believe you are getting a deal but there is a charge for everything and the seats are so uncomfortable unless you purchase a a big seat. I was going to my graduation on a simple flight from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando which should have been a simple flight however both flights were delayed over an hour coming and going within two days. I missed my graduation exercise because of the terrible service!"
"From LGA to FLL - no bag sizer next to the kiosks at LGA so I was not sure if I should pay the 50$ fee for bags or not. I did for fear of having to pay 100$ per bag at the gate. There was a bag sizer in the boarding area I measured my bags (2) and called the attendant over to verify that both were of size to go on the plane for free. The attendant agreed but said that they couldn't give a refund now because they were already starting the boarding process and this was the only attendant working at the gate. He said that we could get the refund from customer service upon arrival with no problem - that was a lie. Customer service was less than useless and refused to issue a refund even after placing our bags in the sizer again and seeing that they qualified to travel for free. We later called the airline and spent 45 min on the phone which lead to more excuses - bottom line this airline is a giant scam and I will never fly with them again."
"No value not satisfied not using this company any longer. I saved money on the tickets but after my bag and carry-on fees I spent more than the other airlines was charging oh and don't fly back into the USA and go through customs at Ft. Lauderdale unless you have 5 hours to waste. 5 hours in line and office told me they were short 25 employees and those that were on staff were knew which meant they were slow."
"Spirit is a scam. Its approach is to make you believe you are getting a deal but there is a charge for everything and the seats are so uncomfortable unless you purchase a a big seat. I was going to my graduation on a simple flight from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando which should have been a simple flight however both flights were delayed over an hour coming and going within two days. I missed my graduation exercise because of the terrible service!"
"From beginning to end my experience with Spirit Airlines supported the negative reputation that I have born witness to. Several flights were delayed several hours and there was no consideration for the passenger/customer through the inconvenience to our plans. Being charged for drinks on board a flight that was delayed and ultimate tacked on 6 more hours onto a trip is a slap in the face. The inability to seat myself and my wife in another pair of seats because her seat did not lock in the upright position while their are seats available is insulting. I presume locking the seat in the upright position is stressed for safety reasons. Why wasn't sitting in a seat that locks in the upright position? I originally thought flying this airline would prove to be a bargain but after being charged for carry-on and/or check-in luggage seating refreshments catching up on wasted time flying with Spirit proved to be very costly."
"Cheap airline but not so cheap when you get to airport $30 for checked luggage but only 40lbs the usual is 50 lbs so then they hit you with an additional $25 and then a carryon is another $25 - then seats are so close together that sardines have it better. We usually fly United but got a really good deal on seats so decided to try. Never again in the long run any other airline would have been cheaper and certainly more service. Thank goodness the flight was only 2 hrs."
"On Tuesday September 23rd I had a flight out of BWI airport in Maryland scheduled for take off at 12.41 which of course was delayed and delayed and delayed. I realize that it comes with the territory when you fly and it's bound to happen when you fly often which I do. The problem I had most was there was no real explanation for the delay the plane was there the weather was good in both locations. When it would get close to the time they predicted we should board or pass it then they would say something like it wasn't \"cleared\" to fly. None of us knew if we were getting out of Baltimore that day or not and as time ticked away they did not offer any alternatives. We did finally take off around 6.15 or something with a $7 voucher in our hands that didn't cover the cost of an entire meal and a $50 credit tied to our confirmation number so everyone better not loose that but they still made us pay for a soda on the plane. I don't know it's just me but I think they could have done better."
"Chicago to Orlando September 17th. Return flight September 21st Orlando to Chicago. First and last flight. No second chance. The round trip was plenty of experience. Delayed both flights and not weather related. They charge for every last thing and you pay more for carry in than checked. Do I get to charge them for cleaning up the food droppings peanut shells and dirty Kleenex in my seat? The staff is rude probably from getting grief regarding the fees and delays. I would gladly pay $50 more to be treated like human."
"My husband made a reservation from Chicago to Las Vegas. We were supposed to depart at 5.09pm but their representatives at the gate told us that the flight was delayed to 8.38 pm. Than at 8.00 pm we understood that the flight was delayed again to 10.10pm and the \"empty airplane\" which was specifically for us (feeling very special) just left Myrtle Beach. Every time I fly with Spirit Airlines there is some problem. This is the last time that I'm flying with them. Spirit Airlines doesn't care for their customers at all. Delays all the time. You pay for your carry on bag more than the regular bag (of course you don't have one free bag at all). If it's going like this soon we'll be forced to pay for our personal items as well. I will not fly with them again."
"To be fair Spirit warns you that it is a bare bones on the cheap airline. it is the Greyhound of the sky and proud of it. My flight was delayed 7 hours due to the crew not showing up to the fly the plane. The worst part about it though was the fact that I arrived at the airport 10 hours early to try and get an earlier flight. when I checked in they informed me of the delay. They knew of the problem 10 hours out and did nothing. I gave up the fight because this was an experiment to see if it would be worth using them again. Obviously you really get what you pay for. However about 40 passengers where loud enough to get someone manager? to try to calm the situation. She then spent 30 minutes flipping back and forth between excuses what she could do to help and what not. in the end she informed everyone that they could cancel their flight for a 150 dollar fee or get comfortable. It is unfortunate there is not recourse the passenger have in a situation like this. Again the airline knew 10 hours in advance of the problem and just did nothing. Just a live and learn situation. did get a 7 dollar meal voucher. Got me a large water for $7.50."
"Dallas to NYC-no problem. Return flight on 9/22 is a different story. We were boarding the plane with the exact same luggage we had on the original flight. One of the gate attendants insisted that my wife's bag was over sized and we would have to pay $50 to take it on board. I read all of the requirements when we got our boarding passes that morning and it said clearly that each person was allowed 1 carry on bag and 1 personal item like a purse etc. When I placed the bag in question into the container that is used to measure allowable size it fit perfectly. Another passenger walked by and said the same thing had happened to her on this flight as well. After the attendant noticed that the bag was ok she said that if my wife's purse and a small camera bag that I was carrying would not fit into a carry on bag we would have to pay $50. I told her that her company's written policy stated that we could board with what we had and that we had traveled on previous occasions with no problem her only response was that no one else was doing their job right but her. We were backed into a corner the plane was boarding and there is only 1 flight per day from NYC to Dallas so I had no choice but to pay. When I told another attendant there that we would never fly Spirit again she said that she didn't care. This attitude is unacceptable. Having been in the customer service field for over 20 years I could not believe this attitude is condoned by the airline but after reading other reviews here I see that it is an accepted behavior. I will pay double before I fly on Spirit Airlines again."
"After paying the bag fees Spirit was no longer the cheapest option from Minneapolis to Vegas. In my opinion I felt like I had been tricked by Spirit. This was my third trip to Vegas in eight months and it will be the last with Spirit if they continue to have a bag fee."
"Ft Lauderdale-BWI. Flight delayed 2 hours cabin was dirty including bathroom - the sink was clogged and floor had water all over it. When I let flight attendant know she just laughed and waved it off. The captain advised us that drinks would be served and that normally credit card is usually the way that you can purchase but the machine was down so cash would be accepted. I did not have cash since I spent it on a drink that I thought I could bring onboard due to a medical condition however the gate lady said I had to throw it out. I asked for a glass of water and explained my medical condition I never received my water. After I purchased the ticket thinking I had a great buy since I'm disabled and live on tight budget then got the shock of the baggage charge. I will go back to flying another airline."
"My $200 flight became $345 after all their additional fees per ticket. I didn't know I had to play for carry-on bags that they hit you at check in for. $50 a bag for each member of my family. We booked at different times and one of the confirmation numbers never arrived so I was not able to check in online the night before so I was charged more. When I called customer service and followed their menu and hit the number for what I needed the menu started over. It took 15 minutes to find a number where I could speak to someone. What kind of airline does not tell you that you have a seat you can't choose a seat pay for carry-on (checked bags were less) require you to check in online so you can pay less for your bag (but I can't print boarding pass while on trip with no printer) etc. I just wasted 45 minutes and now spent more money than I would have if I booked on any normal airline. I will never fly on Spirit again regardless of the cost because of the headache it gives me."
"In the past month I have flown with Spirit Airlines four times and not by choice. I am a freelance designer and my travel was arranged by the company I was working for. However I will never choose to travel with Spirit and strongly advise people to look elsewhere for a discounted fare. I understand the idea behind cutting amenities for a cheap ticket but that does not mean the aircraft has to be completely filthy. Every one of my eight flights were delayed and twice I was stranded overnight and left to my own devices to find lodging for the night. I have never experienced more deplorable customer service. Every single employee behind the Spirit counter looked and acted as though they would rather be shoving bamboo under their fingernails than helping anyone arrange flights or seating. It was so ludicrous at one point I honestly thought I was on a hidden camera show. This was not just one airport it was at every airport I have been to."
"Poor Customer Service Poor Problem Solving and Promises Unfulfilled. Spirit Airlines is the worst airline I've flown on. I needed to make last minute arrangements for my mother and I to fly to Los Angeles from O'Hare in June. Spirit Airlines provided transportation to our destination but it was certainly cut-rate all the way. They charged $50 extra for any bag carried in addition to our purse. They also charged for water and peanuts. The seats were tightly squeezed together as I expected but I didn't expect them not to recline. The return flight stopped in Dallas. In Dallas we were told about weather problems in Chicago. They kept us on the Dallas tarmac for 3 hours. After 3 hours our flight was cancelled and we waited in line for hours to reschedule. We were told there were no more Spirit flights available for the next 3 days they were all sold out. The attendants at the Spirit counter promised a full refund for our return flight which Spirit later would not honor. They did not fully refund the cost of the flight home nor the baggage fees they charged us. Not only were we left on our own to find a seat on another airline at a much higher fare they would not help with any basic needs for a frail women in her 80s like water. Spirit’s offer to assist us find a hotel ended up with them overbooking us in a budget hotel already sold out of rooms. No one (including other passengers) was aware the hotel was sold out until after they arrived at the hotel. No additional help was offered to find a different hotel. No reimbursement was provided for the hotel or food. This was my first and last time flying on this airline."
"We flew from Detroit to Myrtle Beach the flight there was fine however the flight home the seats had crumbs and the tray tables had smeared food and were just plain awful. I brought the condition of our seats to the flight attendants attention and she said \"if we can we will try to move you\" needless to say she never come back to check on us or give us something to clean up with luckily I had wipes to clean the seats and the tray tables - I was thankful it was only a two hour flight. A very long two hours."
"I am pretty mixed about Spirit Airlines. They don't support Military or Elderly discounts so me being Military going home on leave I had to spent a lot of money for four bags. That was horrible and then they \"nickel and dime\" you for everything and anything extra. The seats weren't all that pleasant when it came to comfort but they were more spacious than other airlines surprisingly. I did get to my destination on time and I got all my luggage. Overall I would not recommend this airline."
"How is this airline in business? Low airfare attracts people who travel with children and there were lots of them on my flight. New Orleans to Ft. Lauderdale 5 hours late. Concessions at the airport had been closed on our concourse for 4 hours by the time the airplane arrived. The staff would not even give the kids a drink of water unless mom or dad shelled out $3 bucks. There is a difference between being a discount no frills airline and a cheap one. Spirit is just cheap. So if you like flying with people that have five kids they do not control if you like missing connecting flights or arriving very late by all means fly Spirit. You will not see me there. And by the way no matter what the staff will always tell you the delay is \"weather\" related."
"LAX to San Jose Costa Rica with a layover in Ft. Lauderdale. The worst experience on all fronts. Checked-in at the counter as I wasn't sure if my bag was one that I would have to pay for. He told me that as long as I put my purse in my carry-on and only had one item I would be fine. I showed him my bag and he confirmed that I would not be charged for it. However when boarding in Ft. Lauderdale I was stopped by one of their employees who asked me if I paid for my bag. I told her no she asked me if I had used the overhead compartment on my way there and I said yes. She informed me that if I planned to use an overhead bin then I would need to pay them $100 immediately or I would not be able to bring my bag on my flight. I ended up paying the $100 in order to board my flight and I was made to feel like the whole thing was my fault - it was terrible. On the way back home my friend and I decided to go online the night before as we were told that if we pay online we only have to pay $30. When we went to pay their website told us that we were not eligible to make payments at that time. So we still ended up having to pay $50 at the airport check in. Even if that baggage fiasco hadn't happen this flight still would have been awful. The seats are the airline equivalent of plastic picnic chairs and you have to pay for water (even if your flight is 5hrs long). Coming home from San Jose after going through security my friend decided to fill her plastic water bottle so that she could have a little for the flight. Before boarding they announced that they were going to re-search our bags and that we would have to dump out all liquids that we were carrying my friend didn't think that they would actually prevent her from bringing airport water on to the flight but when they checked her bag they told her she either had to dump it or chug it. She chugged it. It is clear that every thing Spirit does is an extra attempt to take more money from you. I understand that they offer affordable flights but it is not worth all of the extra out-of-pocket cash and stress that they cause. I will never fly with them again."
"This is by far the worst airline I have ever had the displeasure of flying. When I flew to Boston less than a month earlier with Delta the experience was great unfortunately this time Spirit airlines has made not want to travel for a long time to come. When I flew with Delta the flight left and arrived at the same airports yet it was 100$ less with Delta. Also a carry on drinks and snacks were all complimentary with Delta. With Spirit a carry on (not check in that's more) costs 50$ each way if you pay online and $100 each way if you pay at the gate a small water bottle costs 3$ and poor quality snacks even more. The worst part was when I checked the flight status before heading to the airport the flight said on time. When I got here I found out that it would be almost 6 hours late. Even now over an hour and a half after the scheduled departure time the Spirit airlines website is still showing that the flight is on time. When Delta left late they apologized and offered complimentary drinks and snacks while we waited Spirit airline hardly has an attendant at the counter and when he is here he's on the phone making personal calls."
"Spirit has no standard operating procedures. I traveled from Houston to Orlando from Sept. 6th to Sept. 10th. I had the típica carry on suitcase that fits on the overhead compartment. Leaving Houston I was able to get on the plane free of charge. When I got to the gate at the Orlando Airport I was notified that I had to pay for the bag. I expressed to the gate supervisor that I was not charge at Houston airport and questioned him as of why I had to pay. He expressed that it was not their fault that Houston was not doing their job properly. He had no empathy towards me and or the couple that had the same situation beside me."
"Hands down the worst airline I have every flown on - small seats and horrible customer service. Marketing and charges are deceptive and intended to confuse. Never fly with Spirit."
"I traveled from Ft Lauderdale to Detroit and the flight was fine uncomfortable airplane but for the price what can you do. On the way back to Fort Lauderdale the flight was delayed for 3 hours? I will never flight with Spirit again even with free tickets!"
"Ft. Lauderdale Sep 4 flight 657 to New Orleans and departed Flight 680 Sep 5 from New Orleans to Ft.Lauderdale. This airline is the worst. I have flown many airlines and have never had such a bad flying experience. The staff were very rude and all the unexpected fees doubled my price. It is no savings with a small carry on at $50 dollars and if I want to sit by my child had to pay $18 dollars for seats together. So my payment went up $136 each way.. not so great the plane smelled fowl and seats are cramped and very uncomfortable. Make sure you book a massage the next day you will need it."
"Not sure how this airline is still around with the abysmal service and ridiculous delays. Flight to Chicago from Boston two days ago delayed by 3 hours. Today the return flight is delayed for three and a half and counting. Not weather delay mind you. Please avoid this airline. Not worth the meagre fare savings."
"I checked in the day before and printed the boarding pass paid for the checked baggage which I have no problem with. The instructions said go to the Fast Bag Check. It was a holiday weekend at LAX one of the busiest airports in the world. There was no \"Fast Bag Check\" and only one check in counter open. I was in line more than hour before the flight time with about 4 people in front of me. The line moved slowly until there was one customer in front of me. It then came to a complete halt for about 30 minutes. The customer was paying for baggage with cash and they had no change. The check in person walked aimlessly around to other airlines asking fir change and then just stood at his counter doing nothing. He refused to check in any other customers. When he eventually got change and I got to his counter he asked where are you going and I said Dallas he laughed and said \"too bad the flight has left\". I replied no my flight was in 30 mins to which he laughed and said \"check in closes 45 mins before the flight\". I said I was in line well before 45 minutes and he had spent 30 minutes waiting for change when he could have helped others. He ignored me and called out to the next person in line. They too were going to Dallas and so was everybody in line. Everybody complained but he refused to do anything. The next flight was 7pm that evening and it would be an extra $267. I paid the $267 reluctantly. He would not check me in and made a snide comment about making sure I wasn't late next time or I wouldn't be allowed on that flight. The 7pm flight was delayed \"due to maintenance\" until 8 9 and then eventually 10 pm. While waiting at the airport. I decided to check the flight online. The price if the flight was $92 and I had been charged $87 plus an extra $267. That was it I went straight to the boarding desk. Luckily the agent at the desk was really sympathetic and acted like he wasn't surprised apologized and without me asking refunded the $267 and upgraded my seat to the most expensive seat for free. The flight attendants were actually very pleasant and helpful but the plane was so cold. The flight attendants were wearing sweaters and thick tights. Several passengers complained about the temperature but nothing was done. I arrived in Dallas at 3am and had to spend another $100 on a taxi because I could not have the person who was picking me up be up until that time in the morning. Never again!"
"4 hours late from Las Vegas to San Diego. Poor communications no one at the gate. I was given a 7$ meal voucher 15 minutes before we boarded and that was only because I asked."
"Whatever little bit of money you save when you book your flight they are going to get back in outrageous fees. My dad came to visit us from Bogota. The flight here was delayed 2 hours for no apparent reason. No apologies or explanations given. They didn't even offer him a cup of coffee or water! This is an international flight. Water and crackers are pretty standard! He got lost in the airport because their flight attendants fail to tell the passengers where to claim their bags. Since they ended up arriving around 2am half of the airport (ATL) was not in service and there was nobody available to give any information. We dropped him off this morning to go back home and I am hoping things go better after the rough start we had this morning. I have never seen such terrible customer service. These people were rude. Their kiosk to do self check in was very slow to the point I wasn't sure if it was working. A woman from the airline started to come toward me so I thought she was coming to help me. She actually asked me where he was going and snatched his passport out of my hands stood in front of the computer and cancelled where I was trying to do the self check in. Then she told us to get in line. The we went to the very crowded counter only to get yelled at by to more of their employees. Then they proceed to charge him extra for an \"overweight\" bag. We were never told that their limit was 40lb instead of the standard 50 - his bag was 48lb! They were charging people for carry ons that were very small."
"I was a first-time passenger on Spirit Airlines and unfortunately my experience was not a good one. Before online check-in I was unable to reach customer service by phone. The FAQ section did not address my concern so I expected to \"talk\" to a person there. All one gets when calling the phone # provided is one prompt after another with no \"speak to rep\" option. The 4 takeoff and landings for my destination were all 2+ hours late. If you want to get there on time or even slightly later forget flying with Spirit Airlines. Their routes are ridiculous. My flight from Kansas City to Minneapolis took me to Chicago first where I had a long layover which ended up even longer due to bad weather in Chicago. That was understandable but flight out of Chicago on return flight was delayed without explanation. A flight from KC to Mpls is actually only 1.5 hrs but it took me all day in airports and in Spirit planes to get there."
"Flight 600 from Atlanta to Dallas July 16th and Flight 877 from Dallas to Atlanta on July 18th. I even question why there is a place to write a review on such an unbelievably classless company. The worst travel experience. The flight was delayed 3 hrs in arriving to our gate. The flight was delayed 1 hr after boarding. The flight was delayed yet again at the destination gate. On the flight the flight attendants were very crude and borderline confrontational to paying customers. When I asked for a cup of water the flight attendant responded \"No way this is Spirit Air where you don't get anything for free!\" I understand the principal of a discount airline is to pass down the savings to the customer however to do so at the expense of professionalism is certainly not worth the savings. This was my first and certainly last flight with Spirt Airlines. Take heed and do not fly Spirit airlines."
"I flew with Spirit via round trip from BWI to LAS. Most of the time their website was down or didn't work. When I arrived at BWI not a single person at the check in desk. Their so called carry on cost $50 at the counter or $100 at the gate. Once on the aircraft the seats didn't even recline and felt like there was no padding at all! If you requested a seat oh yes another charge of at least $18. Now combined seat charge carry on charge you can expect to pay up to $236.00 on top of the so called \"cheap flight\". I will \"never \" fly on this airline again."
"I decided to fly Spirit in spite of negative publicity regarding baggage and other fee extortion because the times worked the best. I did not have a problem with my baggage because I was diligent about adhering to the size and weight restrictions. Unfortunately my flights were delayed both ways (one due to flight crew not showing up and the other due to weather). This was the least legroom between seats that I have ever experienced on any flight. Not to mention I had two people sitting next to me on the first flight who both were way too big for their seats making it impossible to get up to go to the restroom during the flight. It would make sense for the flight crew to manage these situations because it is unsafe and unreasonably uncomfortable. The flight back was equally miserable. The elderly father and his son sitting next to me were also first time Spirit flyers and we spent most of the flight discussing how we would never fly Spirit again since they had similar bad experiences. There were two empty rows in front of us and the son - very tall - sitting next to me asked the flight attendant if he could move into one of them. The flight attendant said he had to wait until the plane was in the air and then two very rude women were allowed to take seats in those rows about 30 seconds later (before the plane even moved from the gate). The woman who took the row of seats directly in front of us weighed approximately 350 lbs and spent the flight lying across all three seats snoring loudly while we sat in our sardine accommodations behind her. I knew not to expect frills but flying Spirit reminded me of an airborne Greyhound bus filled with the people of Walmart. Now that I have experienced it I know that it's worth it to change my schedule and pay whatever it takes to fly another airline. I realize that Spirit is one of the most profitable US based airlines with more than enough people to market this low-end service to; however I would strongly encourage my friends to pursue other options for their air travel. Most people I know care about service and would be equally disgusted by the Spirit experience."
"You can only carry a purse or a small backpack not a carry on. A \"carry on\" is an additional $50. All refreshments are for purchase. To choose your seat is an additional $18. To get a boarding pass from a representative at the counter is an additional $10. I flew to Houston from LA. For my returning flight 2 of the 4 kiosks were out of service to self check in. I had to wait in the same line as the people that were paying for all of their baggage and get boarding passes trying to avoid the $10 fee. My flight was at 11.25 I got to the kiosk at 10.41 and my pass wouldn't print. I get to the representative and he tells me I've missed my flight that leaves 40 minutes later. I had to check in by 10.40. They had no more flights leaving that day and the next day's flight was oversold. (What airline only has one flight to Los Angeles). They couldn't book me on another flight for 2 days. I had to buy a same-day one-way ticket on another airline or wait 2 days to get home. I will never fly Spirit again. The fair is not cheaper. By the time you're finished purchasing all the things you'll need a fair ends up as much as if not more than any of their competitors."
"My wife and I flew Spirit from Las Vegas to Houston Texas in Feb 2014. It was so cramped it felt like we were in a sardine can. I just read in the news that Spirit is the cheapest on leg room in the entire industry and that on an Airbus 320 they pack 178 passengers into the plane while United only packs in 138 passengers. Spirit charge for everything. We will never fly Spirit again."
"I checked in the day before and printed the boarding pass paid for the checked baggage which I have no problem with. The instructions said go to the Fast Bag Check. It was a holiday weekend at LAX one of the busiest airports in the world. There was no \"Fast Bag Check\" and only one check in counter open. I was in line more than hour before the flight time with about 4 people in front of me. The line moved slowly until there was one customer in front of me. It then came to a complete halt for about 30 minutes. The customer was paying for baggage with cash and they had no change. The check in person walked aimlessly around to other airlines asking fir change and then just stood at his counter doing nothing. He refused to check in any other customers. When he eventually got change and I got to his counter he asked where are you going and I said Dallas he laughed and said \"too bad the flight has left\". I replied no my flight was in 30 mins to which he laughed and said \"check in closes 45 mins before the flight\". I said I was in line well before 45 minutes and he had spent 30 minutes waiting for change when he could have helped others. He ignored me and called out to the next person in line. They too were going to Dallas and so was everybody in line. Everybody complained but he refused to do anything. The next flight was 7pm that evening and it would be an extra $267. I paid the $267 reluctantly. He would not check me in and made a snide comment about making sure I wasn't late next time or I wouldn't be allowed on that flight. The 7pm flight was delayed \"due to maintenance\" until 8 9 and then eventually 10 pm. While waiting at the airport. I decided to check the flight online. The price if the flight was $92 and I had been charged $87 plus an extra $267. That was it I went straight to the boarding desk. Luckily the agent at the desk was really sympathetic and acted like he wasn't surprised apologized and without me asking refunded the $267 and upgraded my seat to the most expensive seat for free. The flight attendants were actually very pleasant and helpful but the plane was so cold. The flight attendants were wearing sweaters and thick tights. Several passengers complained about the temperature but nothing was done. I arrived in Dallas at 3am and had to spend another $100 on a taxi because I could not have the person who was picking me up be up until that time in the morning. Never again!"
"4 hours late from Las Vegas to San Diego. Poor communications no one at the gate. I was given a 7$ meal voucher 15 minutes before we boarded and that was only because I asked."
"My son had a scheduled flight at 10.30am today. They pull out only to turn around and go back into the terminal for a problem. He has sat in the terminal since 10.30am and no news and they don't update. He is 18 and when he walked over to ticket counter to get an update he was given a nasty answer and no info. We live 2 hours from the airport and would say spending 500$ to fly to Florida is not exactly cheap and the service is lousy! No news if his plane will ever leave!"
"This airline is the worst! As I'm typing this review I'm sitting in an airport waiting on a delayed flight. It was Spirits first flight of the day from PHL to Myrtle Beach and the weather is perfect for a Labor Day weekend so one would not think a flight would be delayed. The reason for the delay is that the flight staff got in really late last night so in order to stay in compliance with the employment rules they must rest. I completely understand that but instead of Spirit sending the passengers an email/text because they had advance notice of this delay they just let people show up at the crack of dawn for nothing! Any savings you get from purchasing a Spirit ticket will be offset by extra fees (extra time spent for parking in the garage seat fees baggage fees and tons of indirect fees) lost time (I could've slept in) headaches and bad customer service. My first and last time flying with this airline. Future passengers you've been warned."
"My husband's incoming flight (on another airline) decided to hold everyone on the plane for 45 minutes because customs was busy. This left him with (and a lot of other people) about 40 minutes before his Spirit flight was scheduled to depart (the last one). They wouldn't let him or anyone else check in! And there were no available flights for 2 days. Spending not just one but two nights in the airport is ridiculous. With fees etc. it's more a case of buyer beware but the absolute lack of a single damn given about your passengers is unacceptable. If you knew everyone was going to be stranded for 2 days why decide it was too close to departure (at more than 30 minutes before) to let anyone check in? Instead most people got to spend a glorious 3-day 2-night vacation in the Ft. Lauderdale airport. With you know no open restaurants no place to lie down. And customer service? Laughable. Needless to say we will never be flying Spirit again."
"August 20th from Bogota Colombia to Orlando Florida to Dallas/Ft.Worth. The worst airline I have ever flown. We were held on the aircraft for 2 hours before we were finally allowed to depart the plane. We missed our connecting flight and when we tried to work the issue out with the attendants they were absolutely rude. I do not recommend this airline to anyone and will no longer use this airline. There is no cost savings using the company."
"Spirit Airlines should be renamed \"Broken Spirit Airlines\" because their spirit is broken and they want to break their passengers spirit too. Our flight from Boston to Atlanta was delayed 4 hours. The return flight was also delayed by around the same time. I flew first class wasn't given anything extra no free drink or snack."
"I booked my husband and his brother on a flight from MSP to Dallas. My husband had a small backpack and a small carry on bag - but with wheels. Both would get through okay on Sun Country and Delta - ones we are used to flying. He had to pay $45 to carry his wheeled one on and $100 on the way back. He said he couldn't believe how many people had to pay the $100 bag fee. We will never fly Spirit again. No beverages or snacks complimentary on board."
"They had a 6 hour delay from Boston to Ft. Lauderdale and the flight was to continue to Tampa but they took that flight #615 and made a new flight and left about 14 passengers stranded at 1am at the airport. They also told us the next flight going out was at 10pm that night. They offered us a partial credit of our flight which that leg was worth $69 or we could fly into Orlando. We fly into Orlando with no way to get to Tampa. No Spirit flights from Orlando to Tampa. Cost me another $100 for a rental since I was picking my vehicle up in Orlando and dropping off in Tampa. Customer service is horrendous. I spent 36 hours awake and landed at an airport I never asked to be at and it cost me more money thanks to Spirit. Whatever you think you will save forget it go with someone else otherwise you will regret it I did. A water and tea cost $5.00."
"I have flown with Spirit several times in the past. Although not always a pleasant experience this was by far the worst. I always check in the day before online and print my ticket. However this occasion I was only able to check in. The email that Spirit sent with the ticket would not open or print. So I was left to print it at the airport. Unfortunately a car accident delayed traffic and I was late getting to the airport. I got to the desk 45 minutes before the flight was supposed to take off but because I didn't have a printed boarding pass the customer service representative would not check in my luggage. I was told that the next available flight wouldn't be until two days later. No other airlines or nearby airports were checked for vacancy. The customer representative then proceeded to give me the information for my next flight and began talking to the customer behind me as if I was not standing there. Three other families were in the same situation. I will never be flying with Spirit Airlines again. They certainly live up the their reputation of being the \"most complained about airline\" and rightly so! They deserve all of their 1/10 stars."
"I have flown with Spirit several times in the past. Although not always a pleasant experience this was by far the worst. I always check in the day before online and print my ticket. However this occasion I was only able to check in. The email that Spirit sent with the ticket would not open or print. So I was left to print it at the airport. Unfortunately a car accident delayed traffic and I was late getting to the airport. I got to the desk 45 minutes before the flight was supposed to take off but because I didn't have a printed boarding pass the customer service representative would not check in my luggage. I was told that the next available flight wouldn't be until two days later. No other airlines or nearby airports were checked for vacancy. The customer representative then proceeded to give me the information for my next flight and began talking to the customer behind me as if I was not standing there. Three other families were in the same situation. I will never be flying with Spirit Airlines again. They certainly live up the their reputation of being the \"most complained about airline\" and rightly so! They deserve all of their 1/10 stars."
"Their \"bare fare\" is too bare. Not even water? Really? It is painfully obvious Spirit cares nothing about their customers and only about making money. I selected Spirit because the flight was going to get me in a few hours earlier and I needed to be there for business. Both flights on the way down to Vegas were delayed which caused me to be late to my meetings. After being stuck on the plane for over two hours more than I was supposed to be I wasn't able to get complimentary water. The return flight was also delayed over an hour (but there was no mention of the delay at the gate and the flight duration was 30 minutes longer than stated). No apologies just snarky attitudes from the attendants. Those in the \"budget seats\" were crammed in tight and often reminded over the loud speaker that we were in the \"budget\" seats. When it was time to disembark the attendant said \"get out\" over the loud speaker. The mobile app doesn't work properly on an iPhone. I couldn't even check in. I can't say one thing good about the experience."
"My daughter and I traveled from Philadelphia to Dallas. I was aware of Spirit's policy of paying for only the amenities you are going to use and packed accordingly. Before heading for the airport we checked to make sure our flight was on time and the website indicated the flight was scheduled to leave at 12.15pm as planned. When we arrived at the extremely crowded gate we discovered that the plane we were supposed to fly on was scheduled to fly to Myrtle Beach before returning to Philadelphia to travel to Dallas. The Myrtle Beach flight which was supposed to leave at 7.30am had not departed because the plane had a flat tyre. Spirit had to send to their Atlantic City Facility for a replacement which was an an hour and 15 minutes away. When the replacement arrived the crew discovered that they had brought the wrong tyre so they had to make another 2.5 hour round trip drive to Atlantic. They finally got it right and the 7.30 flight to Myrtle beach finally left at 1.30pm. The plane finally arrived back in Philadelphia and we departed at 5.30pm for our 12.15pm flight: 6 hours late. Instead of arriving at 2.30pm in Dallas we arrived around 8.45pm. When we printed our boarding passes to return to Philly the next day we found that our reservation had been cancelled because we were listed as no shows for the trip from Philly to Dallas. We called Spirit we were told that we were lying and hadn't been on the flight to Dallas. After spending an hour and a half on the phone the staff member agreed to schedule us for our flight to Philly but we would have to present the other half of our boarding pass from the previous flight or be charged again for the full amount of the return trip. When we got to the Spirit desk at the airport we found that other customers had also had their return flight mysteriously cancelled. We eventually boarded the flight back to Philly and arrived on time. I've been flying other airlines for may years and although we have had occasional delays or lost bags we have never experienced this level of rudeness or incompetence. We were offered a fifty dollar voucher for another Spirit flight for our inconvenience which we politely refused since we will never fly Spirit again."
"I have used Spirit several times so far. Each time it gets worst! The tickets are inexpensive but the baggage fees are ridiculous. The seats are very uncomfortable! It was hot on the plane with a lot of babies screaming. The cabin and the laboratory were dirty. It were a very depressing flight. I don't think I will use them again!"
"Round trip Myrtle Beach to Boston. Flight in was supposed to arrive at 12.30am but we didn't get in until nearly 3am. The staff seemed to have no clue what they were doing moving children and parents multiple times because of confusion over the emergency row. Flight back was just as frustrating. I booked my flight leaving plenty of time to get to my 10am class yet my 5am flight was delayed again. I asked a staff member why and in very broken English she replied \"plane need rest\". I very calmly told her that it didn't leave me enough time and began to talk about how my previous flight was also delayed and she put a hand up and shooed me. Staff were rude. You think you're getting a deal and flying cheaper but they nickel and dime you so much that you may as well have paid for the luxury of a more 'competent' airline. Never flying Spirit again."
"Flew to MN for the weekend delayed 3 times on the way there and on the way back twice. On the way home they kept us on runway for an hour deboarded us another hour went by reboarded us and when we were all on they announced that people with connections to Tampa should get off since they were going to miss connection. 2 minutes later announced all passengers with connections to CA should get off as well. They also charged me $100 at the gate for a bag that they did not charge me for on the way there."
"They canceled mine and many other passenger's connecting flight from Chicago to New York and I did not receive any explanation until two hours later. They offer you nothing but the chance at a partial refund or a flight two days later. No hotel no food no other transportation. The best they could begrudgingly offer was to live in the airport for two days while I wait for the \"next available flight\". When you sleep on the cots in the airport they wake you up at 4am sharp and make you clear out. I suspect it's so as few other passengers as possible are aware of the shanty town that needed constructing. I only got 2.5 hours of sleep before getting booted. I was perfectly friendly throughout the entire ordeal and yet every Spirit employee showed overt contempt for the plight brought to Spirit customers by the company's own greed and ineptitude."
"I'm sitting on the plane waiting for my first Spirit flight to take off. This is by far the worst airline experience I have had and the flight has not even taken off yet! I fly 20-30 times a year - usually on Southwest - and due to timing opted for Spirit for this trip. We first arrive to check-in and we are instructed to use the kiosk to print boarding passes and check our bags. We start using the barely functioning slow as molasses kiosk and it puts 2 bags on one person. First bag is $45 and second bag is $55. So $100. However there were two people checking in so it would've been more economical for us to charge one bag per person ($45 per bag each person = $90). But the system just decides to charge one person $100. Alright we'll just get it fixed with the desk lady. Nope not really! She \"can't help\". But she can inform us that our carry on bag costs $50 more too. They charge for every bag - carry on and checked plus surcharges for more than one bag. The bag fees are one thing but the fact that they don't communicate their fees in advance and clearly is whole other issue. I have never been through a check-in line being yelled at either. Some Spirit employee was taking it upon herself to bark commands at the customers checking in. If there was the option to rate in negative stars I would!"
"I just came off flight 404 from Atlanta to Dallas. It was the most uncomfortable flight I have ever been on. Not only was there no leg room - the cabin was so cold I was shivering just miserable. Not worth it."
"Round trip Myrtle Beach to Boston. Flight in was supposed to arrive at 12.30am but we didn't get in until nearly 3am. The staff seemed to have no clue what they were doing moving children and parents multiple times because of confusion over the emergency row. Flight back was just as frustrating. I booked my flight leaving plenty of time to get to my 10am class yet my 5am flight was delayed again. I asked a staff member why and in very broken English she replied \"plane need rest\". I very calmly told her that it didn't leave me enough time and began to talk about how my previous flight was also delayed and she put a hand up and shooed me. Staff were rude. You think you're getting a deal and flying cheaper but they nickel and dime you so much that you may as well have paid for the luxury of a more 'competent' airline. Never flying Spirit again."
"Flew to MN for the weekend delayed 3 times on the way there and on the way back twice. On the way home they kept us on runway for an hour deboarded us another hour went by reboarded us and when we were all on they announced that people with connections to Tampa should get off since they were going to miss connection. 2 minutes later announced all passengers with connections to CA should get off as well. They also charged me $100 at the gate for a bag that they did not charge me for on the way there."
"They canceled mine and many other passenger's connecting flight from Chicago to New York and I did not receive any explanation until two hours later. They offer you nothing but the chance at a partial refund or a flight two days later. No hotel no food no other transportation. The best they could begrudgingly offer was to live in the airport for two days while I wait for the \"next available flight\". When you sleep on the cots in the airport they wake you up at 4am sharp and make you clear out. I suspect it's so as few other passengers as possible are aware of the shanty town that needed constructing. I only got 2.5 hours of sleep before getting booted. I was perfectly friendly throughout the entire ordeal and yet every Spirit employee showed overt contempt for the plight brought to Spirit customers by the company's own greed and ineptitude."
"I'm sitting on the plane waiting for my first Spirit flight to take off. This is by far the worst airline experience I have had and the flight has not even taken off yet! I fly 20-30 times a year - usually on Southwest - and due to timing opted for Spirit for this trip. We first arrive to check-in and we are instructed to use the kiosk to print boarding passes and check our bags. We start using the barely functioning slow as molasses kiosk and it puts 2 bags on one person. First bag is $45 and second bag is $55. So $100. However there were two people checking in so it would've been more economical for us to charge one bag per person ($45 per bag each person = $90). But the system just decides to charge one person $100. Alright we'll just get it fixed with the desk lady. Nope not really! She \"can't help\". But she can inform us that our carry on bag costs $50 more too. They charge for every bag - carry on and checked plus surcharges for more than one bag. The bag fees are one thing but the fact that they don't communicate their fees in advance and clearly is whole other issue. I have never been through a check-in line being yelled at either. Some Spirit employee was taking it upon herself to bark commands at the customers checking in. If there was the option to rate in negative stars I would!"
"I just came off flight 404 from Atlanta to Dallas. It was the most uncomfortable flight I have ever been on. Not only was there no leg room - the cabin was so cold I was shivering just miserable. Not worth it."
"My flight was scheduled to leave Atlanta (5.59pm) to Dallas (7.10pm) and Dallas (7.45pm) to my final destination Detroit (11.22pm). Instead my flight from Atlanta was delayed by 1hr for no apparent reason. So arriving in Dallas at around 8.00pm my connecting flight to Detroit had already gone. We (about 15 of us with final destination Detroit) were told to talk to the Spirit concierge at our arrival gate in Dallas in order to get a new ticket issued with final destination Detroit. My new ticket was from Dallas to Kansas to Las Vegas and then to Detroit. Our flight leaving from Dallas to Kansas was delayed again but the concierge told us that we would not have to switch planes because they'd be using the same plane to go to Vegas. I wanted to double check so I asked the flight attendant on board the Dallas to Kansas flight and he told me the same thing and added that actually we would not have to switch planes on the way to our final destination Detroit. I believed him but when we arrived in Las Vegas they told us all to get off the plane and that we were going to use a different plane to Detroit. Our connecting plane to Detroit had already left again because of the delay we incurred in Dallas. It was around 11pm pacific time and the next available flight was schedule for the next day at 8am. This meant we had to spend the night in Vegas which is not necessarily a bad thing but they refused to offer any accommodation whatsoever. I had no choice but to sleep in the airport because this was unplanned! This was my first time flying them and is definitely going to be my last."
"I am so disappointed with Spirit Airlines. Not only was my flight to my destination pushed back an hour simply because they were running behind schedule but my flight returning home was as well! This company is in no way efficient or effective. They overcharge for bags and provide nothing complimentary on the flight. Not even one beverage or even peanuts. Moreover even though I checked in only about an hour and a half before the flight they neglected to tell me it was running late causing me to rush to my flight only to find out I have to wait another hour. In all honesty I will never fly with Spirit again."
"This is the worst airline to fly on. No leg room for standard seating. You have to pay for everything separately and once your finish the cost is much higher. If I could change my ticket to another airline I would. But I will be leaving Florida on Monday 18th August. The 9 dollar club is a joke. Customer service is the awful. This is one customer Spirit has lost. Be aware. You're paying for bad service."
"My sister and I also had to pay $50 for a very small carry on at DFW. We traveled to Las Vegas. We had delays going and coming back we were charged $100 for our bags! I can't believe the airlines can get away with this! We felt like we were robbed! Something should be done about this unfair practice! Travelers Beware."
"Horrible airline. Minneapolis to Denver. Aug. 13 to Aug. 17 and return trip. 3 hour delay before leaving and 1.5 hour delay before returning. After a 3 hour delay might expect a free complimentary drink but nothing is free on that airline."
"Book if you like sleeping in airports. This is a review for my daughter and her friend. Flight from Lima arrived late. Missed connection to Baltimore. Waited 12 hours for next flight only to be told it's overbooked and the next flight is in 3 days. This is after they confirmed the seats for my daughter and her friend. But wait that's not all. They flew another airline home to Reagan National. Next day went to get luggage at BWI surprise surprise luggage lost."
"Spirit Airlines was horrible in the following ways: extremely poor flight trip extremely poor timing (I waited 6 hours for my flight) staff were very unpleasant with their services and most of all very poor planning."
"Flight 142 on 2 Aug and Flight 145 9 Aug. All the years that I traveled with so many different airlines I have never had this type of service and other added costs. You want water a soft drink or anything you have to pay. I made a reservation for a low cost trip from Dominican Republic to Fort Lauderdale assumed cost of the plane travel was low. Now comes the additional cost of luggage for any bag under 40 lb you pay $50 anything over that $100 carry-on $50 computer bags and other handbags $50 if its more than 18 inches high. Here is the catch I was traveling with another person that had a computer bag the same as mine he was able to go through at no cost."
"I flew Spirit on my return flight this past weekend and to say the return trip was a disaster is an understatement. Naturally most customers choose Spirit because it \"appears\" to be more economical. However if you do a true cost comparison with other airlines there is no real savings. They took me out of line and took my ticket and then proceeded to tell me it would be extra $$ for my carry on with wheels it was a standard small size . I paid $100 at the gate like the small wheels makes a big difference less than 30 lbs most airlines it is 50 lbs. I was shocked when I noticed the signs at the gate which charged $100 for a standard carry-on this was simply incredulous! Like thieves the only thing missing was the gate person using a gun to rob you! Once on board I did not realize the seats did not recline very uncomfortable for a flight. You have to purchase standard items water and soda? Next thing for Spirit will probably charge you to go to the bathroom and only if the army sergeant stewardess would allow it? You have to pay extra for any common courtesies. The stewardess announced over the speaker that only 9 people had to pay extra $$ she made it sound like Spirit was doing us a favor by charging us extra $$$ and allowing us to fly with them. Do not fly Spirit. You do not save any money when you add in the normal courtesies."
"I've flown Spirit a few times and although it is not my favorite it has sufficed because the flights are not that expensive. Today however was a completely different story. As we are pulling out of the gate (20 minutes late) the flight attendant tells us that the belt that carries the bags to the plane has broken so all of our bags couldn't get on the plane but reassures us they will be flown on another aircraft. Once I arrive at my destination I see that I and 85% of the people on my flight had no luggage. Once confronting Spirit about the problem the workers moved very slow and showed no sympathy or care for the problem. They could care less whether I got my bags or not. Most people on my flight had a connecting flight some where else but had no bags to make that happen. I got no guarantee about when I would receive my luggage so now I sit here with hardly any clothes or a toothbrush and do not know when I will have them."
"Absolutely the worst run airline in the world. Cheap fares are good only as far as the airline can deliver good service. This airline has failed on every front. The fare structure is just slightly cheaper than Southwest and much less flexible. In my case to save a few dollars I booked on Spirit to Detroit from Houston. The aircraft was dirty the employees were unhelpful and the landings weren't that good. Low fare = low service and low quality at Spirit."
"Worst experience I've had with an airline. I thought I was getting a good deal for price but did not expect to be charged for carry-on's $50 a piece! So in the end flight is not cheaper than other airlines. In addition flight was cancelled in Chicago (flying from Oakland CA to Mlps MN). I ended up driving with 3 others on the Spirit flight from Chicago to MINN. We were told they would reimburse leg we did not take but have not heard anything from them regarding this and its been a week! Now waiting for my return flight home and both planes have been delayed (out of MN and Chicago) and likely I will be stuck in Chicago again. Would never take this airline again."
"I've flown Spirit a few times and although it is not my favorite it has sufficed because the flights are not that expensive. Today however was a completely different story. As we are pulling out of the gate (20 minutes late) the flight attendant tells us that the belt that carries the bags to the plane has broken so all of our bags couldn't get on the plane but reassures us they will be flown on another aircraft. Once I arrive at my destination I see that I and 85% of the people on my flight had no luggage. Once confronting Spirit about the problem the workers moved very slow and showed no sympathy or care for the problem. They could care less whether I got my bags or not. Most people on my flight had a connecting flight some where else but had no bags to make that happen. I got no guarantee about when I would receive my luggage so now I sit here with hardly any clothes or a toothbrush and do not know when I will have them."
"Absolutely the worst run airline in the world. Cheap fares are good only as far as the airline can deliver good service. This airline has failed on every front. The fare structure is just slightly cheaper than Southwest and much less flexible. In my case to save a few dollars I booked on Spirit to Detroit from Houston. The aircraft was dirty the employees were unhelpful and the landings weren't that good. Low fare = low service and low quality at Spirit."
"Spirit is the biggest rip off. They sell you a cheap ticket and then you have to pay for everything else. $50 for the first bag and also for the bag that goes in the overhead compartment too. They charge for your seat. The website is terrible and you cannot find a phone number to call and speak to someone to get help. I just cancelled my $9 club fee and my Spirit Airline card. I recommend everyone to use Southwest Airlines. They allow you 2 free check bags and one carry on. And you don't have to pay for the seat you sit in. I just saved $360 in baggage fees and seat fees compared to Spirit. They also give you snacks and a free non-alcoholic beverage."
"I am done with this airline. My last few flights with them were delayed hours on end (1 hour and 8 hour delay due to mechanical failure one 6 hour delay supposedly due to weather though all other flights coming from the area my flight was on time another 2.5 hour delay for mechanical issues). The managers are rude and the customer service is non-existent. I would not fly with Spirit again if they gave me a ticket. I told them they need to change the name of their airline to Misery because that is what you have to go through time and again."
"Worst airline! 2 hour delay leaving Houston arrived in Vegas at almost 2 am and still had to wait almost 30 minutes before bags were available. Horrible very inconsiderate of customers."
"I have absolutely no intentions of flying with Spirit Airlines in the future. Yes the price was much better than other airlines however the overall trip was not worth it. I should have changed my mind after I saw their website. It looked like something my 2nd grader did for a class project. The site did not include a phone number either. I had to get the number through CheapoAir which is the site through which I booked the trip. The seats did not recline (not even an inch). Those 'big seats' they mention are only a little larger than the average seat. The food selection was very limited and costly ($3 for water). $50 for checked or carry-on (yes you have to pay for a carry-on). This is $50 both ways. I will admit the crew were very funny and nice. But not funny enough to get me to fly with them again. By the way my trip was from Philadelphia to Dallas."
"Flight #310 - LAX to Ft. Lauderdale 8/2/14. If I could give them 0/10 I would. Simply awful airline. There is a reason they are this cheap. Terrible incompetent personnel. They don't care about their customers. Made is sit in the airport for over 10 hours then cancelled the follow on flight. Refused to pay for our accommodation then nickel and dimed us for even the cab to a hotel."
"Flight #310 - LAX to Ft. Lauderdale 8/2/14. If I could give them 0/10 I would. Simply awful airline. There is a reason they are this cheap. Terrible incompetent personnel. They don't care about their customers. Made is sit in the airport for over 10 hours then cancelled the follow on flight. Refused to pay for our accommodation then nickel and dimed us for even the cab to a hotel."
"Spirit Airlines is of course the budget carrier in the US however I was slightly unaware when I booked through cheaptickets just how budget it was. The plane tickets were a few hundred dollars less for our international trip however we were charged to check our bags. We had to pay forty dollars per bag to get them to our destination and then on the way home we had to pay forty dollars a bag twice because Spirit decided the last flight of our trip home (same city we departed from) was a separate trip and we would have to pay a second time to get our bags all the way home. Couple this with the fact that they did not allow any online check in so we had to be at the airport two hours early as well as the fact that you do not even receive a seat assignment when purchasing a ticket you are basically a standby passenger. You have to buy seats just to sit with the person you are travelling with then if you don't want your knees jammed into the person in front of you you have to pay for a larger seat as well. Coming back from Peru we were not allowed to bring our own water on the plane and Spirit is the only carrier that charges for water so on a 6 hour flight we were only allowed to drink water if we purchased it from Spirit. After all was said and done the additional costs more than balanced out any savings we received at the beginning and we had a fair longer flight time and itinerary do to it originally \"saving us money\". No TVs or entertainment so you better have something on your laptop or phone although there will be nowhere to fit it on the plane and carry on baggage costs more than checked."
"BWI to Cancun with a stop in Ft. Lauderdale return. They nickel and dime customers even checking in at the airport cost money. They charge for everything except a purse size personal item. Not even a cup of water. Seats don't recline and they say so they can add more seats to keep fares low but they are not low even higher than others after you pay all the fees. Flights were delayed attendants were ok but some were very rude. The checked bag can't be over 40lbs which is 10 less than other airlines. I will never travel this airline again."
"I flew Spirit for the first time this past weekend and to say the trip was a disaster is an understatement. Naturally most customers choose Spirit because it \"appears\" to be more economical. However if you do a true cost comparison with other airlines there is no real savings. I paid $47 to check a bag was told that it just barely made the weight allowance - 40lbs most airlines it is 50 lbs. I was shocked when I noticed the signs at the gate which charged $100 for a carry-on this was simply incredulous! Once on board did not realize the seats do not recline very uncomfortable for a flight across the country. You have to purchase standard items water and soda? You have to pay to select your seat and pay to have your boarding pass printed. My luggage was lost and at this current time they still don't know where it is located - 24 hours later. I checked it at the ticket counter after paying $42 please note that it was 5 bucks less because I added the bag online for my return. The representative that filed the loss luggage claim even commented that Spirit always has problems. Do not fly Spirit."
"By far the worst flight experience I ever had. The service was terrible. The seats are great if you are no bigger than 3 by 2 feet. It was so uncomfortable I am 5\"6 and I barely had any leg room I could barely fit a purse between my legs. Good airlines at least give complimentary drinks we had to pay 3 dollars for a mini water bottle! There were no magazines and my row did not get sick bags. The worst however is that Spirit only allows you to bring one carry on and any extra will be an extra charge of 100 dollars on the spot! The ticket price was only a bit cheaper than others but the quality was a huge difference everything looked like it was much cheaper!"
"Absolutely terrible airline like riding a ragged city bus in the sky. Uncomfortable seats no leg room and rattled more than any other plane I've experienced. Extra fees everywhere. We booked a month in advance and were told they could not check us in because cut off had passed by 2 minutes after they had us standing in line for over 20 minutes. We had to wait 6 six hours for another flight. Ft. Lauderdale Airport is some what responsible as well their facility is a disaster. Spend a little extra and go with an airline that doesn't have hidden fees and pathetic customer service at every turn. They will never get another penny from our family."
"Unless the traveler is truly desperate for the very lowest fare and can fit into a very small seat and carry only one \"personal item\" the bag and seat fees add up so fast that we ended up paying about the same as for larger and more efficiently run airlines. The airline staff on the ground and in the air appeared overburdened and exhausted. I will say the flight crew did seem alert and chipper. Even if I could have avoided the additional fees it would not have been worth the poor service cumbersome website awkward information interface and ineffective communications. The final indignation was that several hours after having moved our departure to a different gate on the concourse someone had neglected to notify the push-away cart of the change. This dropped ball resulted in a completely avoidable further twenty minute delay while we sat on the aircraft waiting for it to get to the new gate to push our aircraft away from the gate. We had already determined that we would not fly this airline again but this experience really was the last straw. It's too bad - Southwest has figured out how to keep fares a little more reasonable and they do it with flair."
"Unless the traveler is truly desperate for the very lowest fare and can fit into a very small seat and carry only one \"personal item\" the bag and seat fees add up so fast that we ended up paying about the same as for larger and more efficiently run airlines. The airline staff on the ground and in the air appeared overburdened and exhausted. I will say the flight crew did seem alert and chipper. Even if I could have avoided the additional fees it would not have been worth the poor service cumbersome website awkward information interface and ineffective communications. The final indignation was that several hours after having moved our departure to a different gate on the concourse someone had neglected to notify the push-away cart of the change. This dropped ball resulted in a completely avoidable further twenty minute delay while we sat on the aircraft waiting for it to get to the new gate to push our aircraft away from the gate. We had already determined that we would not fly this airline again but this experience really was the last straw. It's too bad - Southwest has figured out how to keep fares a little more reasonable and they do it with flair."
"We probably will never fly this airline again. We were delayed due to weather. We would miss our connection and the airline could not do anything about that. They cannot book you on another airline (they just don't do that and other airlines do though). Because we opted not to fly out because we were going to our connection they could not get us anywhere else. The plane only flew out of PHL 3 times a day there are no other alternatives if you miss your flight or if your flight is delayed. They finally found us a plane out but it was 5 days later (what did they expect us to do? Camp out at the airport until then?). They told us our only alternative was to take that ticket or get a refund. Needless to say we took the refund and flew out on another airline. Also their luggage check fee is $40 each way - a lot more than any other airline. So where are the savings? Speaking in favor of the airline: their seats are comfy and you have leg room not cramped and it is sort of nice not having the attendants run up and down the aisle announcing drinks etc. They simply don't serve at all! They were very cordial at PHL even though they could not help us - it wasn't their fault the planes were delayed."
"You think you're getting a great deal on flights until the night before when you go to check in. There you find that you have to pay $45 to carry on a bag both to and from per person. Not only that but hopefully you have a printer on hand because if you have to print at the airport it's an additional $10 per ticket. That doesn't seem like much of a deal to me. In the end we could have traveled with a more spacious airline without all the hassle and without an unexpected $180 charge."
"We booked a trip to Chicago for June 23rd. When it was time to check in and print the boarding pass that's when we found out about all the extra charges. They not only charge you for a checked bag $40 per bag but charged $45 for our checked bag. We paid $25 to pick out each seat. If we hadn't done this online our boarding pass baggage check would've cost $100 each. On the return trip they tried to charge me $25 extra because they said my checked bag was overweight. Funny because there was nothing more in it that when I started the trip. The flight ended up costing $270 more than the cost of tickets. I had an unstable person behind me that dug his knees into my back for the entire trip. My flight cost $1065. with all the extra charges when initially I paid $796. for 2 round trip tickets. Never fly Spirit! You can't even get a glass of water without paying for it."
"We booked a four-day trip to NYC. Got to the counter 45 minutes before flight. We couldn't print tickets at home and had trouble at the kiosk so our first surprise was $10 print fee per boarding pass. Second surprise was $47.50 for my husband's checked bag. Even though I had a carry-on the agent didn't mention there was a charge for this. We got a new employee who was training and it took her forever to process the boarding pass printing and checked bag. As we were walking away she said she forgot to charge us for the bag. She asked a co-worker how to call the gate because she didn't know how. I went ahead to the gate while my husband stayed to pay. About 15 minutes later I was called back to the counter. She had taken so long that the system released our tickets and they were given to standby customers. Even though it was 15 minutes before the flight we were told there was nothing they could do. There were already people in our seats. To make a long story short we spent over an hour trying to figure out all our options including buying new tickets on other airlines. The tickets on other airlines were too costly on short notice so we ended flying to Philadelphia on Spirit 7 hours later. Her error cost us an extra $115 for the train from Philly to NY. On our flight to Philly we learnt that I would also have to pay $50 for my carry-on. As we were boarding we were stopped because my boarding pass didn't show we paid for my carry-on. Even after we handed the gate agent our receipt for $97.50 for two bags she was still telling us the system didn't show we paid. Then she said I owed an additional $16. When we asked to speak to a supervisor he let us through. The additional baggage fees are ridiculous. These prices are so far off the industry standard that they should post the prices as part of the check out so the customer knows all fees up front."
"Flight out of Las Vegas was supposed to leave at 9pm Sunday night to arrive in Oakland (1 hour flight) at 11.05pm. With flight delays false starting down the runway and delay in being able to open the door final landing time is still to be determined considering we are still on the plane in Oakland at 4.06 am. The attendants are completely unapologetic and seem frustrated. What they don't realize is that we have been at the airport since 8pm and it is now 4am."
"Spirit Airlines is nothing but a rip off organization with excessive carry-on baggage fees of $45 per flight and arbitrary changes to the schedule which include 12 hours of flight time and three or more stops. I'll never use this airline again."
"Flight 903 July 29 2014 8.10 departure ORD to DFW. Not to mention the flight was an hour and a half late. The check-in procedure was no procedure at all. One entire section of kiosks were out of order. When you finally found one that worked upon checking in paying for your bag securing a seat for more money a line of 150 people were waiting for a bag tag. Now the instructions at the kiosk were to go to the express bag check which was left vacant with no attendant. There were three gate agents doing nothing but putting tags on bags which took one hour. Thank goodness the flight was late. Oh the instructions for this procedure were hand written and taped to the back of another sign which were holding the aisle separation bands. How long should it take to put on a tag? All passengers had already secured the boarding pass paid for the bags and hopefully pre-weighed them at home to make sure they did not exceed 40 lbs."
"If I could give this airline zero stars I would. When initially booking our trip Spirit beat the competitor by only a few dollars but what I didn't know was that when you arrived at the airport with a very tiny carry on bag they would charge you 50 dollars! It doesn't stop there when I received my itinerary on my phone and tried to check in online the website recommended early check in because in some cases having to talk with an attendant would cost 10 more dollars! Once we finally got on the plane the cheapest thing on the drink and food menu was coffee at the outrageous price of 2 dollars. Mixed nuts and a soft drink (free on every flight I have ever taken) were 5 dollars. The seats on the plane were the smallest I have seen. Stay far away from Spirit."
"We probably will never fly this airline again. We were delayed due to weather. We would miss our connection and the airline could not do anything about that. They cannot book you on another airline (they just don't do that and other airlines do though). Because we opted not to fly out because we were going to our connection they could not get us anywhere else. The plane only flew out of PHL 3 times a day there are no other alternatives if you miss your flight or if your flight is delayed. They finally found us a plane out but it was 5 days later (what did they expect us to do? Camp out at the airport until then?). They told us our only alternative was to take that ticket or get a refund. Needless to say we took the refund and flew out on another airline. Also their luggage check fee is $40 each way - a lot more than any other airline. So where are the savings? Speaking in favor of the airline: their seats are comfy and you have leg room not cramped and it is sort of nice not having the attendants run up and down the aisle announcing drinks etc. They simply don't serve at all! They were very cordial at PHL even though they could not help us - it wasn't their fault the planes were delayed."
"7/17 Cancun to Fort Lauderdale supposed to depart around 4pm. Delayed to 7 then delayed to 8 then 9 then around 8pm they just canceled it. They then proceeded to put us on a flight 22 hours later and refused to pay for our hotels. My friends and I ended up staying the night at the airport which was terrible. The next day when we went to check in the staff simply refused to serve us. When finally they decided to serve us we were told that our connecting flight would be 10 hours after we landed in Fort Lauderdale which was a complete surprise to us. We tried to ask if they can put us on the regular flight that day which would go to our destination after Fort Lauderdale but they said it was overbooked. Do not be fooled by their cheaper ticket price. In the end it will not actually be cheaper. Avoid them at all cost."
"Had a round-trip flight for my minor son (16) booked to Atlantic City went to get a guest pass to take to gate woman at ticket counter was rude but gave me the pass. Went out to gate and was told by rude agent at gate that plane would be 2hrs late because of weather even though weather map showed no storms. On return flight went to pick my son up and went to ticket counter and was told they do not issue guest passes to pick up minors had to argue with sales agent and finally told her my son was handicapped and she gave me a pass. Went to TSA supervisor and told him he said there is no reason for them not to issue gate pass to pick up minors and to let the Spirit agent call him to verify. Went back to spirit airline agent and she would not call and just kept arguing with me that TSA would not let them issue passes."
"We booked a one way flight from Lima Peru to Denver Colorado. The price was okay and I do like the idea of paying for only what you use i.e. checked bags or carry on bags. However in our situation we have two stops in the US one in Fort Lauderdale and the other in Chicago since we will be changing planes in Chicago Spirit is charging us again for our extra bags. So now we have to pay for our checked bags twice even though we are on the same airlines and our flight to Chicago is a connecting flight to Denver. Also be sure to read all about the bag weights and size restrictions. We just had a wonderful surprise that we are only allowed one bag at 40lbs from Peru. The \"Customer Service\" agent at Spirit told me it's a limitation at the Lima airport. Which is false other Airlines allow customer two bags each. Imagine moving from Peru with only one checked bag. I really wish I would have read some of these reviews before booking Spirit never again will I fly Spirit."
"Spirit got me from A to B on time and without incident. In that respect they did well. I was a little miffed at the carry on policy though my average sized laptop didn't fit in any bag that met the size for a free personal item so I ended up borrowing one from a family member to avoid paying the carry on fee. I think the ultimate problem with Spirit is that while they are cheaper than the competition they still aren't cheap. If everyone got tickets for $10 round-trip as you sometimes can in Europe nobody would complain about the fees. But most people are still paying a couple hundred bucks just for the ticket and it feels like that ought to buy you something besides transportation. Spirit saved me money and ultimately carried out its job and I can't say I'd never fly them again. But given the hoops you have to jump through I'd probably want them to save me more money than they did this time before I went back."
"I knew that this was a no-frills airline and expected to have a sub-performance level of service but I bought tickets anyway thinking that saving $50 was worth the try. Like another customer's posting I thought I could bring at least one bag on board but in the end I had to pay. So much for saving money on this airline."
"Spirit Airlines is not the best choice to travel when you are returning or visiting Jamaica or anywhere in particular. The forty pounds restrictions for fifty plus dollars and seating is a crime. The hassle and stress one has to go through just to be safe with your weights is not worth your time neither are you saving one penny. Cheapest airline should not be associated with Spirit Airlines. Their adds are misleading. Their Customer Service is also sloppy. I corrected my misspelled name before I took my trip only to be told my name was not associated with my account and therefore could not access my account to pay for my baggage before check in time on my return. The fear of having to pay $100.00 per baggage at the counter had me going to the airport hours in advance only to wait until check in time then to be told their system was down and could not process my debit card. This process took me over an hour huffing and puffing to my gate with the extra clothes I had to put on because I was ten pounds overweight. This was my last flight and I will encourage whomever returning to Jamaica to take another airline. I could not take back much because of my experience. Shame on you Spirit Airlines!"
"This is the worst airline I have flown. My flight was a round trip from LAX to Fort Lauderdale Florida and back. The baggage fee are ridiculous. They are very careful to make sure that your bag is not over sized. I had no problem checking out of LAX but when I was ready to return home with the same baggage they said my bag was too big. I spent more than 45 minutes trying to communicate with someone who could barely speak English. I then ask to speak to a supervisor. After waiting another five minutes the supervisor finally came to the phone and would not even offer a discount. Had I known that I was going to be charged for a carry on I would have rearranged my luggage and put my so called carry-on with my checked in luggage. The employees were great at check in but the customer service department is very poor. I did pay the extra $50 but this airline will never get another penny from this family."
"My first time with Spirit. I will start off saying $50 for a carry on? That's ridiculous. The \"free\" carry on has to be like a kids size. The normal charge is $47 each if it's under 50lbs. Not sure how other airlines work but that is expensive to me. Anyway we had been delayed for an hour due to \"weather\" and while in the sky we had to take an extra 45min route. That totalled up to 1hr and 45mins extra. Lets talk about the plane now: it was so loud! The seats are uncomfortable. There is no movies or any wifi and you must pay for all snacks. This includes everything (drinks too) they do not take cash credit/debit only. The staff were nice but the airline is not worth it. You end up spending the same as a \"normal\" airline."
"Spirit got me from A to B on time and without incident. In that respect they did well. I was a little miffed at the carry on policy though my average sized laptop didn't fit in any bag that met the size for a free personal item so I ended up borrowing one from a family member to avoid paying the carry on fee. I think the ultimate problem with Spirit is that while they are cheaper than the competition they still aren't cheap. If everyone got tickets for $10 round-trip as you sometimes can in Europe nobody would complain about the fees. But most people are still paying a couple hundred bucks just for the ticket and it feels like that ought to buy you something besides transportation. Spirit saved me money and ultimately carried out its job and I can't say I'd never fly them again. But given the hoops you have to jump through I'd probably want them to save me more money than they did this time before I went back."
"I knew that this was a no-frills airline and expected to have a sub-performance level of service but I bought tickets anyway thinking that saving $50 was worth the try. Like another customer's posting I thought I could bring at least one bag on board but in the end I had to pay. So much for saving money on this airline."
"This was my first and my last experience with Spirit Airlines. I had scraped and saved for this trip to attend a family wedding a long time and do not have \"extra\" money to be spending so saving money was a big priority and only reason I flew with Spirit . I was told that Spirit charged extra for everything but that you were allowed to bring 1 carry on for free. When I finally printed my boarding pass after dealing with a very user unfriendly website the was an option for carry on or bag. I wasn't bringing a bag and I thought it referred to an extra carry on I didn't mark anything and printed the boarding pass. After getting through security and getting to the gate I hear the representative saying several times about only 1 personal item allowed on board so I asked him If I was not allowed to bring my carry on and he said \"you have to pay for it\" I asked \"how much\"? I was told $100. They just billed my credit card and gave me another boarding pass. That was not all not only was that fee outrageous but your beverage fees are excessive as well. Those \"deals\" don't benefit anyone but the airline."
"15 July flight 457. Waited over 30 min for a gate. Check-in was slow and staff left the counter routinely for other unrelated work activities. Seat broke and headrest would not adjust. Not worth the $50 I saved myself."
"Prices matched all other flights after you factor in the price of luggage and choosing your seats really? I also love how they advertise \"big seats for a price\" there were 4 \"big\" seats. Flight delays both ways with no apparent reason given. One delay was a 4 hour delay! It was already a red eye and a flight going to Ft Lauderdale at 1am was on time while we had to continue waiting for 1 hour. Departure time is more like boarding time (actually it's earlier). Took almost 1 hour to receive our baggage. Terrible customer service. Leg room was claustrophobic. I do not think the seat space could get any smaller. Seats do not recline. No wifi no TV's or movies on a 5-6 hour flight. We have to pay for water! Will never be a repeat customer."
"My daughter had to fly back to LaGuardia Airport she calls me to let me know the flight was delayed 40 minutes ok delays are to be expected she finally boards 1 hr later and sits for 2 hrs saying there was a delay by traffic control 1/2 an hour later they head back to the gate where they have to get off on the runway. When passengers asked when is the next flight they were told to go inside they don't know. When everyone was back at the gate they were told there will be no flights out they would have to wait until Wednesday (this was Monday) to fly out again. I had to scrabble at 11.30 pm (flight was to arrive at 9.05 pm) to get her a flight with another airline."
"In my opinion it is better to fly with an airline that charges you more upfront. At least you know what you are getting up front. The flight was ok but by after paying for luggage I could have flown with another airline. I've never flown with an airline that nickle and dimes you at every turn charging for non-alcoholic beverages really? They do not offer any conveniences that one is accustomed to with other airlines. To add insult to injury when my bags that I paid $40.00/bag to check got relocated the agents in the Ft. Lauderdale baggage claim airport office offered little to no help. I'm not suggesting that one forgoes flying with Spirit but I never will again."
"Zero customer service. Plane delayed due to weather (DFW to Cancun). Weather got better-all other airlines were taking off and landing. Plane was then canceled after we boarded because the plane would not be able to make their flight back to Florida if they took us to Cancun. We were given a standard letter apologizing due to weather which was a lie. The pilot announced the real reason - not being able to return to Florida on time. It was not weather. They were more concerned about future flights in Florida than current flight-all boarded! Our first time and our last."
"After looking at reviews it appears most everyone has the same complaint - the baggage fees are as much as the plane ticket. Hard uncomfortable seats. Had to pay almost twice as much baggage fees coming from the Dominican Republic (in addition to paying a government fee to enter the country). To have to pay for water after paying for a ticket and those baggage fees shameful. I don't think we will ever fly Spirit again. We applied for a c card in order to get free miles. We are going to cancel the credit card."
"My son got us tickets on Spirit because he thought it was the up and coming low fare airline. He didn't know what he was getting my into! Obviously he was uninformed but he is now. First impression: signed in for boarding pass (didn't have to pay $10) and message came up that we had to pay $50 for each carryon and we each had one so that was $100 that we did not expect on our carefully budgeted trip. I was fortunate to get a cup of water for my medication before we took off. One of our seatmates said she was on a flight where a lady needed medication and they wanted her to pay for water. By the way water is not a complimentary item. For a budget airline we are subsidizing their cheap fare policy so I'll take the airline that at least I can feel comfortable on for an extra $100 which is usually Southwest and they have lots of complimentary juice water and soda. They won't lure me with anything."
"Atlanta to Atlantic City. 7/12/14. They should rename this airline \"Nickel Dime Airline\" because that is about all the service is worth and that's all they do from the moment you book a flight - attempt to extort more and more money out of you. I'm surprised they don't sell passengers packets of toilet paper as you enter their very dirty smelly on-board rest room. Spirit's excuse is that it's a \"budget\" airline. But by the time they are finished with all the add-on costs a ticket that started out at a good (but really not rock-bottom) price usually ends up costing more than one on a non-budget airline - where you'll have bigger seats cleaner restrooms and a less confounding experience all around."
"Book my ticket a month ahead two hours before departure my flight was canceled due to \"weather\" in NY. Complete nonsense other flights flew out just fine and the weather was fine as well. Could not put me on a different flight I canceled my flight over the phone. The most ridiculous experience ever! P.S. I frequently fly MIA or FLL to LGA or JFK."
"My husband and myself flew Spirit Airlines round-trip DFW to BWI in mid April. The first leg of the trip was fine the return trip out of BWI was delayed by 4+ hours as others have said it would have been nice to have a \"free\" soda onboard. They did give us a free $50 coupon for future travel but it had to be used in 30 days not a good deal. My daughter had the same trip in May same problem delayed out of BWI for hours! No free I'm sorry for the delay offer of anything. My son and family (with 14 month old) had the same trip out of BWI and was delayed 7+ hours."
"I was travelling from Houston to Vegas. I was allowed a carry on item inside the aircraft and was not informed that the carry on item was out of specification. With the same mindset I was boarding my flight from Vegas and I was asked to pay $100 for the same bag which was within specification at Houston. I was not surprised as much by their inconsistent policy abiding attitude as much as I was by their rude staff. It was like they were trained to be rude. Luckily I had a big paper bag where I could easily transfer my items and that's how a dodged the $100 extortion amount. I was definitely not ready to pay $100 for a bag that costs $40. I for one will never fly this airline again. Their \"cheap flights\" are nothing but more expense in disguise."
"This is one of the worst airlines that is flying in the USA flight 912 from Orlando was delayed twice customer service was called to find out the problem and was told that they had to do a lightning strike inspection. I can understand the safety aspect of this but to not offer any compensation to passengers that had been told to be at the gate one hour before the original schedule is very unreal. Will not recommend that anyone fly this airline."
"My boyfriend and I went to Fort Lauderdale last week from Boston. You think you are getting a great deal but once you get there they whack you with every luggage fee they possibly can. Don't think it's like every other airline and it's a 50lb max for checked luggage. No it's 40 and they will charge you for every pound over! They charge you for every soda/water and food that you get. To top it all off everything we saw said credit/debit only for food and drink. After a long wait we finally ordered two waters and were unable to buy them because the lady said it was cash only because the credit card machine was down. Fast forwarding to our flight home. We got to the airport 2.5 hours early. Sat in a Spirit check in line that was at least 100 people long with only one line open for check in and security. I honestly do not know if it was the airport or just spirit but needless to say we showed up to the gate at 9.22 when our flight was scheduled for 9.26 and the door was shut. They were so unhelpful in the situation I was shocked! When we asked when the next flight was it was not until 8.30 that night! We bought another flight for Delta."
"Never again! Our flight from LAX to Dallas Fort Worth was 2 hours late. When we boarded the plane the attendant that you usually see greeting you was busy on their phone. The attendant before take off checked the overhead compartment while sighing as if she didn't want to be there. The attendants were overall unpleasant. When we left Dallas Fort Worth to LAX we received the same greeting. The flight was an early morning 6.20 departure and I realize everyone is very tired in the morning and that perhaps the passengers have the right to sleep during the fight but I certainly don't think that the flight attendant should be sleeping in their seat at the back of the plane. My luggage is in Las Vegas and I am 4 hours North of LAX. The seats on the plane so small need not recline back. So uncomfortable! When I booked this flight I was excited that I had found airfare for family of 4 at such a low price now I know why! I think what bothers me the most is that the attendants weren't very attentive and we're too busy with their social media to be bothered by the passengers."
"Flight 719 on Wednesday May 28th. I tried to fly on Spirit between Denver and Las Vegas but the flight was canceled because of the absence of the crew. We spent one hour inside the aircraft itself waiting for them and finally we had to spend the night at Denver airport after 5 hours waiting at the front desk to get a solution for the next day (with another company hopefully). The quality of the service was very poor. In addition I was flying with a 7-month baby."
"The total cost after paying all the fees was comparable to other airlines so no real big saving with Spirit. Never flew Spirit and thought I'd give it a try. My flight to Oregon didn't happen because of mechanical failure (so cannot comment on in-flight experience) instead they would fly me from Pennsylvania to Texas tonight (Friday) then to New Jersey overnight and then depart for Vegas early Saturday morning. I would have 1.5 days in Vegas before getting on a flight to Oregon early Sunday evening. All of this \"at no additional charge\" said the clerk. They did not offer a hotel room in Vegas at no additional charge. My experiment blew up before getting off the ground their business model has a lot of room for improvement and I will not be booking with Spirit ever again. My weekend with my children was ruined."
"Terrible. One word to sum up Spirit airlines. The baggage fees are outrageous and the online baggage check never works so you have to pay at the airport. My wife waited in line because the online check in didn't work missed her flight and was told to return the next day at 11. The never said 11pm. So she arrived at the airport and got all the way through security before anyone noticed her flight wasn't schedule for another 12 hours. This airline has the worst service worst pricing worst fees smallest seats and the worst most unprofessional website I have ever seen. I wouldn't fly on this airline if it were free."
"We flew from OAK to Las Vegas 6/27/14. I was fully aware of their add on fees for everything so I won't be complaining about that. I have never flown Spirit so thought we would save some money but also worried that it was some type of chicken coup carrying fly by night airline and unfortunately it is. Not to mention I had 2 other couples with me and recommended Spirit to them. Now I understand there can be mechanical issues with planes but how it was handled was just horrible! Flight to leave at 2.10pm pilot comes on \"Ladies & Gentleman we need our mechanic to sign off on a repair should be 5-10 minutes\". \"Ladies & Gentlemen we can't find the mechanic and need to deplane should be 45 minutes\". 2 hours later \"we still can't find the mechanic\" then - \"we found the mechanic and he will be here in an hour\". It's now about 4pm. \"The mechanic is here and working on it\" \"the plane is fixed\" \"the plane is not fixed\" now it's 6pm and they say \"the plane is fixed and we will be boarding soon\". Happy Roars from the crowd at Gate 5. 8 pm \"we are sorry to say the plane is fixed but the pilots have timed out and we have no other pilots\". No ground crew no extra pilots just insane. Comedy of errors lies/misinformation no management no help getting new flights on other airlines and on and on. We rushed to get our bags and I literally had to go behind the counter to help and grab my bags and run to a real airline and overpay for two one way tickets to Vegas. The absolute worst customer service. They only offered a lousy $50 voucher for our next flight which I am sure they know will never be used."
"Worst airline we have ever flown on. You think you are getting a fairly cheap flight which was only an hour flight from Vegas to San Diego. We had one check in bag and two carry on bags cost us $300. We were told to get on line and check our luggage 24 hours before our flight when we went to do so there was no way we could get on to do this. You had to create an account and enter a password which we did not have so you have to request one and was never sent to us so no way to contact. So we start trying to call the airline absolutely no way to get through. This airline is not only a rip off but the staff is rude and after paying a total of $550 dollars for an hour flight have to pay for a water!"
"We traveled from Baltimore to Ft.Lauderdale. To start off the flight was delayed once everyone was aboard because of a mechanical issue. After sitting for an hour or so we take off. You would think they would have offered at least a free beverage for the delay but no. They charge you for every little thing. The seats don't recline the person behind me had their knees in my back I didn't get too upset because they didn't know and the seats are so close together they probably could not help it. In addition the industry standard of classifying a 50 pound bag as oversized is not the same with Spirit their limit is 40 lbs and anything over that you start paying big money. Oh and don't forget to print out your boarding pass PRIOR to arriving at the airport or you will pay $10 for each one. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Flew Spirit for first and last time. Sat on Tarmac at LGA for 1.5 hours therefore missed connection arriving in Detroit approximately 8.30pm. At Detroit gate agent told three angry passengers we should not have been on flight. Gate agent further informed us earliest flight for us was next day at 3pm arriving at destination 9pm - 24 hours after scheduled arrival. Was further told that they would not provide hotel food or ticket for another airline with more convenient flights. When questioned that other airlines do such routinely was told \"We are not other airlines\". Unless you enjoy cramped seats and lousy customer service and are on a very tight budget do not fly Spirit."
"Do not fly this airline. My outgoing flight was delayed twice. Then on my returning flight no one would help me put my bag in the over head storage I have 3rd degree burns on my body and cannot lift heavy items. Once we landed I forgot something on the plane and it took an hour for them to get it to me. Very poor customer service."
"DFW to Boston on Sunday June 29. Flight 254. Will never fly this airline again! As mentioned previously they charge you for everything. You are not getting a good deal with this airline the prices are very deceiving! I was shocked when the airline was going to charge me $25 at check in because my luggage was 45 lbs. I told them that I am under the max capacity. Well at Spirit 40lbs is their max for weight. What can a person pack for under 40lbs? In addition the plane was dirty. The leather on the seats was fading which gave the aircraft a dirty feel. I'm so used to flying Southwest and will continue with Southwest."
"This is my first and will be my only experience with Spirit Airlines. I flew from Houston IAH to Orlando and when I arrived at the ticketing counter in Houston after I stood in line for 10 minutes told me that if the agent had to print off my ticket it would be $15 but that I could do it for free at the ticket kiosk. After I left line waited for a kiosk printed my ticket returned to line I was stunned to discover that Spirit Airlines charges a $45 fee for checked luggage and $50 for carry-on luggage. After paying this egregious amount they told me that my bag was 5 pounds overweight. When I finally reached the gate boarded the plane and began pulling away from the gate they informed us that there were problems with the plane's navigational system and we would have to return to the gate but it would only take a few minutes to correct. Long story short after the navigational system was fixed the plane's toilet malfunctioned. 2.5 hours later we were still at the gate. To soothe irate passengers they began passing out cookies. But they only had enough for less than half of the passengers. If you were in the 1/3 section of the rear of the plane where I was you didn't get a cookie. No complementary drinks either. They finally told us that we would have to deplane and return to the terminal. We didn't leave Houston until 3 hours after the scheduled departure time. The seats don't recline. Learn from my mistake don't fly Spirit Airlines."
"2 weeks ago I flew from Houston TX to Detroit MI. Upon checking in at the front gate I was informed that even though I was active duty military personnel I still had to pay for my baggage. I have been serving our country for 6 years and I never had to pay for my baggage however I was informed Spirit Airlines is the only airliner that does not honor the military incentive. After I paid $200 for my baggage I proceeded to my flight which was 45 mins late with no valid explanation. When I arrived in Detroit I waited 1 hr to receive my bags from the baggage claim. On my return flight once again I had to pay for my baggagebut I was forced to leave some things behind and return with 1 bag due to the baggage fees and the flight was late again. I usually don't write reviews but I was very dissatisfied with the service and the way Spirit Airlines conducts operations. I do not believe that I will ever use this airliner again or recommend their service to anyone."
"My family and I flew Spirit from Baltimore to Las Vegas. I had no idea the seats did not recline and this was so very uncomfortable for a long flight. I feel the extra charges for one carry on bag for each person and to have to pay $3 per person for water is a bit much. As I was getting off the plane one of the crew members who did not say excuse me or thank you for flying with us grabbed his luggage and just cut right in front of me. I would possibly recommend Spirit for a 90 min or less flight but definitely not for a longer flight."
"I do not travel often but the experience I had with Spirit leaves little to be desired. The plane that was to be mine was delayed several hours coming from Denver. When we finally boarded we sat on the tarmac for 1 hour with no AC. The pilot came on and said that we had to return to the gate because we would not make curfew flying into LaGuardia. This was a Wednesday and we were told that the next available flight would be on Saturday. I needed to be in NYC by Thursday! Unacceptable. No hotel vouchers to be had. The money I spent for the shuttle to the airport was non-refundable. There were only 2 agents at the counter to deal with all these people who had nowhere to go. Needless to say they were not very accommodating they were not able to deal well with the situation. What a disappointing experience flying with Spirit!"
"Spirit Airline does not properly inform passengers of flight status changes or cancellations and costs more than equivalent flights on either United or American Airlines. When approached representatives appear flustered and uninformed about flight status refunds etc. Do yourself a favor book your flight on another carrier and save the headache increased cost and loss of funds. In early May my wife and I decided to take our eldest son and book a flight to visit family in Houston Texas. At first glance it appeared $50 cheaper per ticket to book our flight with Spirit Airlines. I had heard by word of mouth there were extra charges for checked in baggage. Where other airlines were charging $50/bag or so Spirit charged $100. Since we only had carry-on baggage we figured we'd save the $150 on our tickets. On June 18 2014 we checked online with Spirit Airlines and learned our 7pm flight was delayed several times and the Spirit Representatives could only tell us about the delays 30 to 60 minutes after the scheduled departure time. This was totally useless. At 4am we were getting ready to board our plane to Houston when we got the announcement that our flight was cancelled. No information or help was given. We were told to go to the main counter outside of security to see if they could help us. The line was 3 hours long but fortunately my ticket agent Cheaptickets.com helped on the phone. I was one of the fortunate individuals. I realized I was short-sided in my thought to save $150. Spirit Airlines is not a good alternative. Do not believe their marketing hype about getting the same flight for less."
"March 12 2014 flight 310 from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale. Awful. My red eye was delayed 2 hours and I ended up losing my rental car reservation so I had to pay double. The cabin smelt like exhaust fumes the whole time before take off the plane must have been really old. When we landed for some reason the plane took off again. The pilot did not have the courtesy to give us an explanation. We thought there was some mechanical problem and couldn't land. The worst flight I've been on."
"Absolutely the worst flying experience! I departed Atlanta with two bags my purse and a small carry on that fit within the required personal bag space. The representative said my bag was ok when departing DFW I was denied boarding unless I paid $100 dollars for my luggage. I explained to the gate personnel that I wasn't charged before and was told I could fly with the bag. I will not recommend anyone to fly this airline."
"I have flown to DFW from Michigan more times than I can remember since my son moved to Texas. My first trip on Spirit Airlines which I will dub \"Spirit Liarlines\" was bad before we got off the ground in Detroit. They pretended the plane we boarded had a mechanical problem so we all got off and was told only a couple of hours delay. After a five hour delay we were put on a different plane. On the trip back to Detroit from DFW the delays started long before I got to the airport moving my departure time from 7.43pm to 9.47pm at 1.30 in the afternoon. Spirit Liarlines website says Circumstances change quickly so please arrive 60 minutes before original departure time to avoid potentially missing your flight.”So it is a delay that might not be a delay and one that forced me to arrive at 6.43pm for a flight that did not depart until 11.20pm."
"June 17th and back on the 25t. I bought my bundle ticket through Expedia and regretted flying on Spirit when I found out I was going to be charged 150.00 going and another 150.00 coming back for carry on luggage. Service was horrible. They charged for even a cup of coffee. Seats did not go back and no videos while we flew. I wish I could give less than a one."
"Horrible experience sending my son and two granddaughters back to Latrobe this afternoon. Had pre booked this trip to Orlando a month ago as we now know through Spirit Airlines. A real no frills flight program! Couldn't use money to buy condiments coming down on the way back could. But that wasn't the horrible thing about this trip - scheduled to go out of Orlando at 3.26 so we get there at 2.15 standing in line and by the time my son gets to the counter he's told he's 3 minutes late and his baggage cannot be put on the plane! Next they have to figure out if they can get him onto the plane on a ticket he already has so he and the two babies rush to the boarding dock while my wife and I wait to make sure we don't have to take him back home with us. Get the call and he and the girls are on the plane. A total lack of co-operation and understanding on part of the Spirit Airlines people complete lack of empathy."
"June 24 2014 flight 630 Chicago O'Hare (ORD) - New York NY - LaGuardia (LGA). Don't know where to start overall the worst experience ever. They canceled the flight and didn't pay for anything. Staff are rude no supervisor available and zero customer service. I was warned about flying Sprit unfortunately only after I had purchased the tickets. Believe me pay the few extra dollars and fly any other airline because at the end the day you will pay a lot more with Spirit."
"Without a doubt the worst airline we have used. They will rip you off seven ways to Sunday and twice on Monday. We booked our flight via Priceline and were never told that in order not to be raked over the coals in baggage fees we needed to pay for our bags in advance. When we learned this at the airport while checking in it cost $90 for two bags - she never even told us there was an additional fee for the checked bag we had despite telling her that we had one. We were told that had we booked with Spirit directly we would not have had to pay as much. What they neglected to tell us was that when we paid for the return bags online in advance that we needed to do it more than 24 hours before the return flight or suffer near equally outlandish fees. Furthermore when trying to pay for them in advance via the iPad apparently their poor software cannot handle such a simple transaction yet when you call to take care of it over the phone you can't or you'll have to pay the same amount as you would if you checked them at the airport!"
"They get non suspecting first time travelers and then they stick it to you. A Red eye from Vegas with seats that do not even recline. Never again. Take a greyhound bus you will arrive at your destination faster. Horrible customer service deceptive advertising bad plane amenities. By the time they nickel and dime you you can fly a better carrier. Final note: be careful with online booking you think you are booking what you saw but they may in fact put you on another flight. Be careful and watch when you confirm your trip booking."
"Not only did I have to pay $100 for one suitcase and laptop bag but they didn't even honor the fact that I am military and that any other airlines wouldn't charge military for their bags. Once paying the ridiculous fees I get on the plane and find out that everything costs including the water. When I was preparing to head to the airport for departure from California I decided to check online for boarding times and three different times my flight was delayed. I didn't arrive back to Texas until 1.30 in the morning. So if you want to purchase a cheap ticket for a trip with rude customer service baggage fees and non-complimentary anything then pick Spirit. But for all you're going to pay them you would be better off just buying a ticket at another well known airlines. Never again. I guess you live and you learn."
"They get non suspecting first time travelers and then they stick it to you. A Red eye from Vegas with seats that do not even recline. Never again. Take a greyhound bus you will arrive at your destination faster. Horrible customer service deceptive advertising bad plane amenities. By the time they nickel and dime you you can fly a better carrier. Final note: be careful with online booking you think you are booking what you saw but they may in fact put you on another flight. Be careful and watch when you confirm your trip booking."
"Not only did I have to pay $100 for one suitcase and laptop bag but they didn't even honor the fact that I am military and that any other airlines wouldn't charge military for their bags. Once paying the ridiculous fees I get on the plane and find out that everything costs including the water. When I was preparing to head to the airport for departure from California I decided to check online for boarding times and three different times my flight was delayed. I didn't arrive back to Texas until 1.30 in the morning. So if you want to purchase a cheap ticket for a trip with rude customer service baggage fees and non-complimentary anything then pick Spirit. But for all you're going to pay them you would be better off just buying a ticket at another well known airlines. Never again. I guess you live and you learn."
"Flight was cancelled on 6/25 from Las Vegas due to bad weather in Dallas. Spirit said the soonest they could fly us out would be Monday 6/30 (5 days later) or give us a refund. No accommodation at all. Cost $2176 to buy 4 one way tickets on Southwest with a change in Chicago."
"Just like the rest of the bad reviews all the extra charges for everything that is standard and custom on most other airlines. This is a new high for how bad customer service was for our entire family. We were to get on a flight from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on June 18th after 4 hours of waiting they cancel the entire flight stranding our family in the airport. From here it gets worse the only thing they will allow is to get a voucher for a future ticket or a partial refund of our money. So we get into line and wait and wait the ticketing personnel just sit at their desk and do nothing. We ask for a supervisor they respond they are busy this is about 2am in the morning. We all are still waiting to get some type of resolve. We ended up by only getting a partial refund had to pay for the hotel stay that we couldn't use had to cancel are rental vehicle and then had to rebook another flight with another carrier. Then on top of it the original destination for the Spirit flight was Las Vegas and it had to be change to Salt Lake City instead and now we had to rent a vehicle from there."
"Absolutely horrible customer service at the Atlanta Spirit check-in. 1 person in line in front of me took 45 minutes to speak with anyone. They allowed people not in line to walk right up to the counter. I finally got to speak with the rudest person in ATL which trust me there are plenty. All I needed was a security pass to pick my juvenile son at the gate. This useless customer service agent said I couldn't pick my child up because I wasn't listed to pick him up I showed him my receipt where I paid for the ticket my identification (with the same name) however this was not enough. After calling me \"careless\" he decided to allow me to pick him up. The worst ever!"
"We experienced delays both ways without any explanation. After a last minute gate change from Chicago to NY there was virtually no procedure to the boarding process. Instead of boarding by zones the agent just called everyone up to get on the plane which we had to walk down a steep stairway and go outside to board. Suffice it to say it was very stressful and disorderly. Do not join the $9 Fare Club thinking it is $9 to join to receive discount rates on checked-in luggage. It costs $59.95 which they state only at the very bottom of the page in smaller type which I missed because I was doing this last minute during online check-in when I saw how much $$ they charge for bags. Then they don't even send you a receipt for joining so you can catch it in time to cancel. The plane on the returning trip was filthy and delayed by more than 2 hours. This airline nickel and dimes you for everything. By the time I paid for all the fees I ended up paying an additional $120. This is the first and last time on Spirit."
"Never again will we fly this airline. The plane was filthy with food all over the floor my son sat in gum on the seat his seatbelt did not work they charged for a cup of water for my child (not a bottle a plastic cup of tap water) trash all over the floor of plane extremely hot with no a/c and they charged us extra for asking to be seated together since we had small children (apparently it is ok to let the strangers on plane have to deal w/ your kids). Charged $400 round trip for 4 ordinary size bags. Never fly with Spirit Airlines!"
"I am a frequently traveler and this is the worst airline that I have experienced. I purchased a round trip ticket from Houston to Las Vegas. The trip from Houston Las Vegas was cancelled 3 hours after the departure time the airline staff did not provide any meaningful reason about such cancellation (no manager showed up at all either). The solution given was to take another flight three days later no hotel stay not even a glass of water for the long wait. Finally I had no choice but to keep the return flight with Spirit and to buy a one way ticket on short notice with another airline the price for that ticket was $1300 (out of my pocket). As you can see I'm very frustrated of having purchased a ticket on such unreliable and unprofessional airline. If you are thinking of using Spirit for your further travel plans you should think twice!"
"On June 16 2014 I decided to book a last minute trip to Ft. Lauderdale from Atlanta. I checked in 24 hours in advance at home and printed off my boarding pass. This was my first time flying with Spirit when I was asked did I want to check a bag during the online check-in process I declined thinking I would bring a carry-on bag which is usually free. Once at the gate I overheard some ladies on my flight talking about how you must pay to carry-on a bag! I approached the counter at the gate to speak with the Spirit representative to ask if what I heard was correct and he confirmed it. At this point I tried to go online and pay no luck. Going back to the ticket counter was out of the question. I ended up calling the Customer Service 1-800 number and was able to pay $45 over the phone for my bag. The $45 fee was a one-way fee and I was not allowed to carry-on my bag! I had to place my bag underneath the airplane and pick-up at the baggage claim once we landed in Ft. Lauderdale. On my return flight back to Atlanta which was at 3.07 pm I was running late to the airport. I got to the ticket counter at 2.20 pm to check-in and print off my boarding pass. The representative told me they had sold my seat because I didn't check- in early enough! At this point I should have 47 minutes to get through this tiny airport and make my flight. I asked her to check the surrounding airports for flights going to Atlanta she said Spirit doesn't fly out of Miami and there were no flights out of West Palm Beach airport. All the representative told me is \"we can put you on a 9.40 am flight in the morning\". I had to purchase a $347 last minute ticket on Delta to get home."
"Paid 160$ to check two normal size and weight suitcases. All went ok flying into Chicago not many complaints except for all the fees. When we got to Chicago Airport we had everything ready and were 1.5 hours early for our flight. When we went to check our luggage we were notified that our connecting flight was cancelled. We received no email no phone call nothing. We were told we could either get a complete refund or fly to Dallas and wait a full 24 hours for our next flight. I asked the attendant if we would be receiving a hotel voucher anything. He said no they don't provide them. So we got to Dallas airport 2 hours late and were told that shuttles don't run after midnight. I asked the Spirit attendant if they would let us back into the terminal if we checked in so we would at least have a safe place to rest for the night. The Spirit worker said no and that normally they give out cots but not after midnight. I slept in a freezing airport last night on the ground going on hour 18 in the airport now. Just six more to go. Spirit may appear cheap but after they charge you $200 in fees and then cancel your flight its not worth it. I will never fly Spirit again."
"On June 16 2014 I decided to book a last minute trip to Ft. Lauderdale from Atlanta. I checked in 24 hours in advance at home and printed off my boarding pass. This was my first time flying with Spirit when I was asked did I want to check a bag during the online check-in process I declined thinking I would bring a carry-on bag which is usually free. Once at the gate I overheard some ladies on my flight talking about how you must pay to carry-on a bag! I approached the counter at the gate to speak with the Spirit representative to ask if what I heard was correct and he confirmed it. At this point I tried to go online and pay no luck. Going back to the ticket counter was out of the question. I ended up calling the Customer Service 1-800 number and was able to pay $45 over the phone for my bag. The $45 fee was a one-way fee and I was not allowed to carry-on my bag! I had to place my bag underneath the airplane and pick-up at the baggage claim once we landed in Ft. Lauderdale. On my return flight back to Atlanta which was at 3.07 pm I was running late to the airport. I got to the ticket counter at 2.20 pm to check-in and print off my boarding pass. The representative told me they had sold my seat because I didn't check- in early enough! At this point I should have 47 minutes to get through this tiny airport and make my flight. I asked her to check the surrounding airports for flights going to Atlanta she said Spirit doesn't fly out of Miami and there were no flights out of West Palm Beach airport. All the representative told me is \"we can put you on a 9.40 am flight in the morning\". I had to purchase a $347 last minute ticket on Delta to get home."
"Paid 160$ to check two normal size and weight suitcases. All went ok flying into Chicago not many complaints except for all the fees. When we got to Chicago Airport we had everything ready and were 1.5 hours early for our flight. When we went to check our luggage we were notified that our connecting flight was cancelled. We received no email no phone call nothing. We were told we could either get a complete refund or fly to Dallas and wait a full 24 hours for our next flight. I asked the attendant if we would be receiving a hotel voucher anything. He said no they don't provide them. So we got to Dallas airport 2 hours late and were told that shuttles don't run after midnight. I asked the Spirit attendant if they would let us back into the terminal if we checked in so we would at least have a safe place to rest for the night. The Spirit worker said no and that normally they give out cots but not after midnight. I slept in a freezing airport last night on the ground going on hour 18 in the airport now. Just six more to go. Spirit may appear cheap but after they charge you $200 in fees and then cancel your flight its not worth it. I will never fly Spirit again."
"Flight was 2 hours late leaving and then spent an hour on the runway with no air conditioning in San Juan. PR in June 2014. The heat got so bad someone had an asthma attack and the plane was forced to return to the gate. The medical case person was removed and then maybe 6 or 8 more people just got off. The delay made our group of 9 miss our connection. They offered us 3 hotel rooms and $21 in vouchers for food for a 24 hour layover. The vouchers were written wrong and only 1 restaurant would take them and 3 people had to use the same voucher. When the tickets were issued for the flight they left off all the paid carry-on bags. Not a single agent could even figure out how to add them back. This caused more trouble."
"Our flight was scheduled to depart at 6.10am which required us to get up at 3am. Upon arrival at the airport at 5am we were informed by a very non sympathetic Spirit employee that our flight was delayed 6 hours due to weather conditions in Dallas. Our friends that joined us a few minutes later were told that the weather issue was in Chicago. We did inquire as to why no one contacted us but were not given an answer. As per Spirit's Customer Service Terms and Conditions they say that they make a reasonable effort to inform passengers of changes. No such attempt was made until we reached the Spirit counter. We decided to wait at the airport and around 8.30 headed to our gate. As we sat down we overheard the Spirit employee tell a few other passengers to start looking for alternate transportation. Our options were extremely limited. We were not able to get a flight until the following day at an additional expense of $400. This kind of service is simply unacceptable in this day and age where the world revolves around customer service. And to offer no resolution for the customers was just as unacceptable. The purpose of our trip was a vacation so we were able to move plans around. At a much larger cost but we made it work. Long story short we will never be choosing Spirit again."
"Less than 30 minutes before boarding the flight from Denver was cancelled due to crew unavailability. 150 passengers were directed to the main ticket counter for options. We were told that we would be rebooked on the next available flight. The next available flight was the following day and there were about 6 seats available at the beginning of the process. I was about 100 passengers back in the line being serviced by a single gentleman. After over an hour in line I managed to use my phone to book a Frontier flight later in the afternoon."
"We lucked out but I won't fly Spirit again! My daughter and I took a last-minute trip to Chicago from Minneapolis and decided to fly Spirit since we didn't need to take any bags-which would have almost made the price equal to a more reputable competitor! Our outgoing trip was on schedule and fine. Our return trip turned out OK but the mess at the airport made me realize that we were very lucky to get home only 30 minutes late! Every flight in the Spirit gate area was delayed or cancelled (one that was supposed to leave at 10.30am was finally cancelled at 7.30pm) and there was one poor gate agent who was trying her best to help and give information (information that she obviously wasn't getting from the company). People were screaming swearing etc at her and finally airport security had to come stand by her! There was no explanation for why flights were delayed or cancelled or why my flight which was scheduled to leave after most of the delayed flights was boarded and we left 30 minutes late! I won't take my chances again but happy that I won the Spirit lottery this time!"
"Fool me once shame on me. Never again Spirit Airlines. Flew round trip between Los Angles (LAX) and Chicago (O'Hare). As I checked in I discovered that carry-on luggage is $35 before online check-in $45 during online check-in $50 at the counter and $100 at the gate. $100! There is nothing \"economical\" about this. When I woke up the morning of my flight that was supposed to leave at 8.30am I saw that I had received an email from Kayak (where I booked the flight) saying that it would be 2 hours delayed. No notification from Spirit. I called Spirit after waiting 30 minutes I finally got through only to be told very curtly and rudely that he \"can see what I can see\". When I asked if there is a different number or someone else in customer service who can help he said no and told me to go to the airport. Got to the airport and walked up to the counter to drop off my pre-paid \"fast drop off bag\". The person at the counter pointed to the line that was 100 people deep all the way down the hallway and out the door to the curb of the airport where 50+ people were waiting. \"That's the line to drop my bag off?\" \"Yes.\" \"But I pre-paid for fast bag drop?\" \"You still need to go through the line.\" \"But why is it called fast bag drop?\" \"I don't know.\" 45 minutes later after I finally get up to the counter. The same person who gave me the \"I don't know.\" asked how my day was and I responded with \"Terrible.\" \"Why?\" he asked. \"Well my flight's been delayed for 2 hours I didn't receive any notification from you guys I've had to wait on the phone and in line for very routine requests and I'm probably going to miss my pre-paid appointment in Chicago because you can't give me an estimate of when we will arrive.\" He gave me a smirk and said \"Only 2 hours delayed? That's not bad.\" Never again Spirit."
"This is by far the worst company I have encountered. Not only do they nickel and dime you for every single thing down to charging you $20 per seat per flight (not round trip) but the staff are incapable of providing any type of customer service. When it was my turn to check my bag in the staff member asks \"where is your boarding pass\" I showed her my phone which had the pass on it. She said she \"doesn't know how to use that\" so I have to either pay $15 for her to print one or I have to exit the line to print one at the kiosk and wait in the line all over again. Clearly I just paid it so I didn't have to interact with her any longer. Then upon boarding the actual plane all flight attendants were sucking lollipops and were just straight rude. I learned my lesson. Never again will I fly Spirit Airlines."
"My flight from MSP to ORD was cancelled the morning of 6/19/14 due to weather. The line at Spirit Airlines was very long and didn't move the first hour I stood in it. I got on the phone and all I was offered was a refund and a flight 3 days later. I needed to be in Chicago that night. I asked to talk to that persons manager. Guess what? A seat magically opened up on a flight later that evening. Having already returned my rental car I hung out at the airport for my late afternoon flight. Our plane arrived and we're all ready to board when we get the news that the flight is delayed. Long story short they strung us along until a little past midnight. The customers were so irritated and tired by this time that the desk employee called a gate change. We all packed up and walked to the other end to a new gate. We waited there for a good half hour. That's when we were informed the flight had been canceled a half hour ago and we were all to go to the Spirit desk for other arrangements. Another long line. No rental cars to be had. No hotel rooms available. I finally found a hotel quite a distance away. By the time I got to my room it was 2am. I found a flight on SunCountry Airlines departing the next morning at 8am and finally made my destination to Chicago."
"Big mistake using this airline. There were no non-stop flights from Sacramento to Dallas so I took a chance on Spirit flying out of Oakland. Flight was delayed 2 hours 20 minutes which put me in Dallas after 2 am. This is the first and last time I fly Spirit."
"Flight was cancelled out of Ft Lauderdale due to bad weather at our destination. Instead of rescheduling they offered a flight 2 days later with 4 layovers. Was originally a direct flight. New flight offered was 11 hours. Traveling with 2 small children this is not an option. Had to get a refund and spend an extra 500 dollars to fly a different airline. Will never fly Spirit again."
"This is the worst airline. The are always late and there are hidden fees everywhere - from choosing a seat to carry-on luggage. Their employees are far from friendly and borderline rude. I booked a flight to Las Vegas in June of 2013 and the one thing good about the flight was that it was smooth everything else was substandard."
"Round-trip from LAS to HOU on May 13. Cancelled because of weather. Next flight 2 days later. No apology no comps just rude service. Coming back on May 27 2014 again bad weather. Spirit employees at ticket desk said TSA closed and needed to take bags through security. When explained we paid to checked these bags because of the contents we were told to throw belongings away or scheduled FedEx pickup or rebook for flight (next day). Long story short we had to pay FedEx $75 to pick up belongings that should of been in our check bags. And almost missed our flight."
"Big mistake using this airline. There were no non-stop flights from Sacramento to Dallas so I took a chance on Spirit flying out of Oakland. Flight was delayed 2 hours 20 minutes which put me in Dallas after 2 am. This is the first and last time I fly Spirit."
"They nickel and dime you for everything possible. Our flight was delayed an hour and a half which caused us to miss our connecting flight. We had to stay in Florida for 12.5 hours until the next available flight which caused 5 of us to miss work the next day. They wouldn't try to get us on another flight with a different airline because they are too cheap and don't care about their customers. I will never fly with them again."
"First trip with Spirit was 6/12/14 to 6/16/14. Worst trip ever. Deceptive additional charges for seat and carry on totaling $100.00. Every boarding was late. Last boarding from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando waited over six hours. I will not travel with Spirit again."
"Arrived at the gate at Denver International Airport this morning at 8.15 for my flight to Orlando at 9.00. I waited 40 minutes then was told the flight would be delayed 1 hour. 15 minutes later the flight was cancelled. Spirit Airlines said they can get me to Orlando 2 days from now or a refund. I can't tell you how angry I am. I need to be in Florida for a conference. I will never fly Spirit Airlines again."
"When pricing your ticket between different carriers be sure to know the hidden costs after you purchase your ticket. Pretty much bait and switch with Spirit! Need to check-in prior to flight the earliest is 24hrs. prior and can do so up 1 hr. prior. But here is where you can throughout economy flying with Spirit everything has a charge for it for us it was an extra $72 per person for seat assignment (X) 4 each of our bags that normally consider carry-on and less than 25 lbs. was $80 (X) 4. The customer service representatives barely speak English and are extremely rude. If you don't pre print your boarding pass at your office or home it is another $10. The sad thing is we continue to allow and support bad behavior from companies such as this. In the future my dollars will be spent with other carriers and I advise people to do the same."
"Any money you save is negated by $35 carry-on bag fee and $10 fee to reserve your seat of choice! Not even a soft drink for free. Flight attendants zip down the aisle with the beverage cart because nobody is foolish enough to pay for a drink! Seat backs do not recline (except in emer. exit rows) and seats themselves are very uncomfortable after 2-hour flight. Avoid Spirit and pay the few extra dollars for a \"regular\" carrier. Spirit just takes \"no-frills\" way too far!"
"When pricing your ticket between different carriers be sure to know the hidden costs after you purchase your ticket. Pretty much bait and switch with Spirit! Need to check-in prior to flight the earliest is 24hrs. prior and can do so up 1 hr. prior. But here is where you can throughout economy flying with Spirit everything has a charge for it for us it was an extra $72 per person for seat assignment (X) 4 each of our bags that normally consider carry-on and less than 25 lbs. was $80 (X) 4. The customer service representatives barely speak English and are extremely rude. If you don't pre print your boarding pass at your office or home it is another $10. The sad thing is we continue to allow and support bad behavior from companies such as this. In the future my dollars will be spent with other carriers and I advise people to do the same."
"Any money you save is negated by $35 carry-on bag fee and $10 fee to reserve your seat of choice! Not even a soft drink for free. Flight attendants zip down the aisle with the beverage cart because nobody is foolish enough to pay for a drink! Seat backs do not recline (except in emer. exit rows) and seats themselves are very uncomfortable after 2-hour flight. Avoid Spirit and pay the few extra dollars for a \"regular\" carrier. Spirit just takes \"no-frills\" way too far!"
"This was my first trip with Spirit. They are awful. I had a round trip with four segments. Their turnover is abysmal with filthy seats and missing seatback information all along the way. From LAX to Houston seats did not recline - not an option. On NK561 from Las Vegas to LAX there was no water in the bathrooms. On segment from DTW to Las Vegas same day only one bathroom was operational! They cancelled a last flight out of DTW on me then went ahead and still charged me yet again for seat selection. They have a policy that also charges you a fee for water. Highly recommend opting for any other airline option you can find."
"Flew out to Las Vegas on flt 245 leaving Chicago 05/30 and returned on flt 356 out of Las Vegas on 06/03. Well I signed on here to complain about my flight to Vegas but it looks like I'm preaching to the choir. It's nice to know we get just what we pay for in this case one notch up from nothing. Rude flight attendant's little or no service."
"I flew from LAX to Chicago during the memorial day weekend. Don't get tricked by their low-priced flight because it is not low at all. Let me tell you why. I booked my flight through priceline which lists all different types of airlines. Spirit came up on the very top because of its \"low\" price. We picked Spirit because of its price and the flight schedule. Little did we know right after we booked found out that they charge for every carry on or check-in luggage. I've never seen any airlines that charge for carry on so we wanted to cancel it but it was too late (no full refunds only partial flight credit). We decided to just have one huge bag to check-in (it's cheaper than a carry on if you pay before you get there). Service was slow and horrible. No snacks/beverage provided. Seats were tight/uncomfortable. Flight was shaky both times. I saw a lot of people who didn't know about the luggage fee so they had to pay upfront which was $100 for a carry on. I'm sure most of people including myself paid more than any other airlines because of all these additional fees."
"My assistant booked me on Spirit from LaGuardia to O'Hare because their flight times fit my schedule. I didn't really know anything about this airline so I got blindsided by fees and poorly communicated flight changes. Round trip both flights were delayed without explanation. On my return trip the gate was changed but the information was not updated on the boards - which caused panic and chaos. To board we walked down this employee-only stairway outside and threading through construction cones and baggage carts to walk up a plank to the airplane. There aren't words to describe how degrading the whole experience was. Note: I'd like to be able to rate seat comfort inflight food and entertainment but there was none."
"Very disappointing experience not to be repeated. First there is a hard edge to the flight attendants. On the flight to Detroit one was so shrill into the microphone that several of us plugged our ears with our fingers. The flight attendants must be told to hawk the promotional credit card because on the flight to and from Detroit they spent quite a bit of time just before the final descent trying to hawk the cards. The departure to Detroit was delayed by 100 minutes. I paid an extra ten dollars on both flights for extra leg room. For the first time ever my knees touched the seat pocket of the chair in front of me and I was unable to cross my legs without extreme contortions. Charge of 3.00$ for everything (including water). That money grabbing attitude of grab every buck you can is very off-putting. Also the one personal item allowed (and charging for a carry on) is also money grabbing. The round trip cost of 435.00$ from Orlando to Detroit was no bargain. Inflight entertainment is non-existent as is staff service. Seat comfort is a joke. The seats recline about two inches."
"LAX to Dallas/Ft. Worth. Flight 866 on June 10 and return on 869 from Dallas on June 13th 2014. This is the worst airline ever booked! Deceptive prices on all travel sites with exorbitant excessive charges. Rude service old plane. 4 hour flight delay without notification. Do not book with them thinking it's a good deal. You are very lucky if anything goes as you expect."
"My husband and I just returned from a trip to Costa Rica where we flew on Spirit for the first time. I should have had the first clue when they charged for carry-on luggage! When we started on our trip we couldn't believe that they charged for everything including water! On a 4 hour flight! Then to continue the abuse they didn't have pillows or blankets even for purchase so I was freezing for 4 hours and bought 2 blankets during our layover to continue on to Costa Rica. Then on our return trip from Costa Rica they charged us another $25 because we were supposedly over-weight on our luggage. They weighed a total of 91 pounds for 2 suitcases which was the same as when we left LAX since we really didn't buy much. Usually international flights allow 50 pounds! They wouldn't allow water or drinks on the plane even when purchased in the airport after we had been through security so they checked our carry on luggage again right before we boarded at the gate. This is obviously an effort to force you to buy on the plane. Needless to say this was our first and will be our last flight on Spirit Airlines."
"This was my first trip with Spirit. They are awful. I had a round trip with four segments. Their turnover is abysmal with filthy seats and missing seatback information all along the way. From LAX to Houston seats did not recline - not an option. On NK561 from Las Vegas to LAX there was no water in the bathrooms. On segment from DTW to Las Vegas same day only one bathroom was operational! They cancelled a last flight out of DTW on me then went ahead and still charged me yet again for seat selection. They have a policy that also charges you a fee for water. Highly recommend opting for any other airline option you can find."
"3 of us were booked on a flight to Chicago flight was delayed 3 times. Their boarding process seems like a mob rush as they said we had to board before 12pm after being delayed so many times. We finally got to our destination over 3 hours late. On the way back to NY same fiasco which actually got worse: flight was also delayed several times and just before finally waiting to be boarded flight was cancelled. They said the next available flight would be in 2 days they provided us no help in getting booked on another flight. They actually left us in the dark. Will never ever never fly Spirit again!"
"Last month traveled with my husband and daughter. We had a connecting flight from Dallas to Chicago which was delayed twice finally they boarded us and brought us back to the gate due the weather and was told flight would be delayed an hour but later it was canceled and next flight offered was not until two days later. No accommodation was offered and crew at the desk had no idea what they were doing. I paid $1100 dollars to take A flight back to Chicago with A different airline. Worst airline and customer service I have ever had."
"This is the first and last time I will fly Spirit. I would catch a greyhound bus to my destination before I bother to book a flight with them again. This Airline is terrible and they have extremely poor customer service. When you buy your tickets you think that you are getting a deal because they are cheap! But if you plan to board the plan with a carry-on bag and checked luggage your in for a rude awakening! If you know what's best for you stay far away from this airline! That was just the beginning of my terrible experience!"
"I fly at least 6 times a year. I have a certain bag that I use and have used for over 10 years now as a carry on. It fits in every overhead bin I've ever encountered I've never had to check it as I don't check bags ever. So I was flying to a few states to do various things last week and had booked a few one way tickets one being a Spirit flight. I checked in online and went to my gate to board and they made me pay $100 to carry on my carry on! I was astounded. I have never had to do that in my entire life. No other airline has ever done this and to pay that much is atrocious. Their hidden fees are robbery. I will never fly this airline again."
"The whole experience was bad. The purchase of the ticket then the purchase of a seat then to have to pay to carry my briefcase onboard then the charges for a bag to be carried on were higher than checking a bag and finally the lines at check - in were very long and slow. It felt like a 3rd world country government owned airline. The website was not user friendly. The seats were very uncomfortable. The one positive comment that I can make was that the flight staff was very nice and had good customer service. The whole experience was rinky dink. I will go out of my way to avoid Spirit. I fly about 60 times a year and I will take my business elsewhere."
"I booked what I was lead to believe was an AA flight through Expedia and got stuck in some bate and switch scam that trapped me in flights with Spirit. A discount flight ended up being the most expensive flight I have paid for going into LAX. Over crowded seating no drink service and terrible customer support."
"Flew Spirit for the first time for a trip to Las Vegas. Horrible! Very cramped. I complained to my friend who was sitting beside me and was then harassed by the flight attendant. Will never fly with them ever again. They don't inform you that there is no entertainment and no food or beverage service. You can purchase a beverage or snack but only by credit card. Customers should be made aware of this."
"First and last time I will fly with this airline. The crew were friendly and helpful but that is where the good things stop. Their \"low price\" only gets you a ticket unless you want to fly on the wing or cargo hold. You have to pay extra for any seat baggage fees are far more than any other airline and you can't even fly with a carry on much larger than a purse or you pay $30.00. Once we landed we waited for about an hour just to get our bags. The management of Spirit airlines seems to be working very hard at making this airline the worst of the worst."
"I've flown Spirit 5 times in the last three months. Every single flight has been significantly late. My flight tonight was scheduled to depart at 9pm now saying delayed until 10.30. It's not weather I checked. And all the other flights are running on time. Delay delay delay. The equipment is fine and the staff are friendly so as long as you don't actually need to get to your destination its not bad."
"I was flying back from Vegas into Oakland and my plane was 5 hours late due to not having a flight crew. They had to fly in a crew from Detroit. We got no warning even though they had to know that the crew wouldn't be there on time. I came to find out that out of my group of friends flying with Spirit that weekend I was the lucky one. I had 8 different people flying out on 4 different flights. One flight was 9 hours late another was 10 hours late and the last one was canceled altogether. I had to pay $90 to carry on a small bag when it should have been $70 but since there was a problem with their site I couldn't log in so I had to call and by the time I got done waiting on hold and they fixed the site it was then within 24 hours of my flight."
"I traveled from New York to Detroit then to Vegas round trip. My first and last time I will fly with Spirit. All 4 flights were beyond dirty. Food crumbs all over the floor and seats the tray tables were so dirty they were stuck closed and on one flight I could see someone's face still imprinted on the seat in front of me. The seats have got to be the most uncomfortable seats I have sat in. It felt like I was sitting on a rock for 4 hours. To top it all off the seats do not recline and leg room is non-existent. Do not be deceived by the low price it does not included baggage fees and drinks and snacks on the plane. Unless you are traveling with nothing but a purse you are forced to pay for your bags. $35 for carry-on and $30 to check them and that's only one way. If you are dying of thirst or hunger prepare to spend $3 for a can of soda or $5 for a small snack. Never Again!"
"Our flight from MSP was scheduled to leave at 11:.30am and it didn't leave until 5.45pm. We were told it was due to weather mechanical problems and not having a crew available to fly the plane. The first delay stated we would leave at 1.30 then 3.30 and at noon we were told a plane was on it's way. The plane arrived 2 hours later (from Chicago which is a 45 min flight) and sat there until 5.45 because the pilots weren't available. Spirit offered a $7 food voucher and a $50 credit for a future flight - which is laughable and something we'll never use. Lesson learned - you get what you pay for. Spend the extra money to buy a ticket on a more reliable airline."
"I recently took a trip with Spirit and it was about the worst experience I have had traveling. I do quite a bit of travel and on this particular trip the flight was delayed 4.5 hours for mechanical problems. I was never informed of the delay until I got to the airport. Fortunately had a family member taking me and I was able to spend some extra time with her. We were given $7.00 food vouchers in an airport where the restaurants close at 7.00 what does one eat for $7.00. I was told to go to Hudson news and get candy or drinks."
"Flight delayed 7 hours with no notification or explanation. Waited 40 minutes on hold to speak with a customer service rep who had no information for me and offered no solutions. Horrible experience will never fly with them again! Horrible customer service not to mention ridiculous fees. No mobile boarding passes and they charge $10 to print your boarding pass at the airport. No complimentary beverages no inflight entertainment seats are small and crammed and all rows recline like the emergency exit isle seats- an inch or less."
"My family visited from overseas 6 of us were booked to fly from Houston-Vegas on 12 May. For the 10.20pm flight no announcements made until 1am then at 2am they cancelled the flight. No announcements whatsoever. Spirit did not offer another flight until 2 June. We had already paid for our hotel show tickets purchased - does Spirit care for their Customers? Not come across such poor service in the airline industry (and I fly all over the world)."
"Flight delayed 7 hours with no notification or explanation. Waited 40 minutes on hold to speak with a customer service rep who had no information for me and offered no solutions. Horrible experience will never fly with them again! Horrible customer service not to mention ridiculous fees. No mobile boarding passes and they charge $10 to print your boarding pass at the airport. No complimentary beverages no inflight entertainment seats are small and crammed and all rows recline like the emergency exit isle seats- an inch or less."
"My family visited from overseas 6 of us were booked to fly from Houston-Vegas on 12 May. For the 10.20pm flight no announcements made until 1am then at 2am they cancelled the flight. No announcements whatsoever. Spirit did not offer another flight until 2 June. We had already paid for our hotel show tickets purchased - does Spirit care for their Customers? Not come across such poor service in the airline industry (and I fly all over the world)."
"My flight was delayed an hour. I did not receive any notification. We boarded the plane another 30 minutes behind schedule. It gets even better! We waited another 2 hours on the plane while they fixed an issue with the plane. There were no apologies for the inconvenience. The flight attendants were very rude and avoided eye contact with the passengers. I've never been treated so poorly by an airline."
"My father in law flew in to Denver from Las Vegas over the Memorial day weekend on Spirit. Paid $45 each way for his bag so $90 total in addition to the flight! His flight back on Sunday was to come from Dallas to Denver and then on to Vegas and was listed on their website as on time at all points that we checked it. However they finally informed them at the scheduled departure time that it was cancelled due to weather in Dallas. They offered no meal voucher no hotel voucher nothing. And we asked but they evidently have no partner airline willing to work with them to re book passengers on. They rescheduled him to Monday at 6.34pm. Again all online and live operators told us the flight was on time. And yet again they told them at their scheduled departure time that it was once again delayed due to mechanical issues. But they “thought” they would have it fixed and have them in the air by 10pm. They did give them a $7 food voucher but what exactly can you buy for $7 in an airport? Finally at 9pm (too late to book with any other airline) they tell them that this flight too is cancelled. Again no partner airlines to book them on and again all website info still said it was on time."
"Being kind they are the worst airline I have ever \"flown.\" They said that out flight would be delayed because they could not find a plane and then they strung us along found a plane boarded us deplaned us and finally canceled the flight. The representatives at the service desk were so rude and did not seem like they wanted to help me at all. They treated me like a kid! I am still trying to decide if I want to rebook my flight with them or just eat the cost and fly with a real airline. The tickets may be cheap buy they nickel and dime the hell out of you. Also when we boarded there was not enough leg room for me a man at 6ft. It was so cramped. I think they try to cram as many people on the plane to make up for the cheap airfare. Don't waste your money go and spend it with a real airline like United American or yes even Delta."
"The worst airline in existence. We traveled from New York to Dallas this past weekend. We hovered over Dallas for 30 minutes because of weather and were then told we would have to re-route to Houston. After flying to Houston our plane and 2 others sat on the tarmac for 2 hours waiting to fly back to Dallas. Spirit apparently only has 3 pilots because they couldn't find one to fly us back so they ended up putting all passengers on the 3 planes on buses to go back to DFW. We ended up renting a car and driving back as we had paid for an airline ticket not a bus ticket. I will never use Spirit again. They are unorganized and not very helpful. Huge waste of money after the all of charges for seats and luggage."
"Our flight from Chicago to Houston was cancelled on Sunday by \"air traffic\" according to the ticket counter. So therefore Spirit was not responsible for finding us another flight helping with hotels or anything. Basically they said you are on your own. We could take a refund or wait until Tuesday when they could rebook us. So we took our refund booked with another airline and made it out of Chicago. We will never again fly Spirit. You get what you pay for."
"Spirit Airlines lures you in under the guise that you are receiving a cheap ticket but they make you buy your bags and your seat. When all was said and done I could have booked a JetBlue flight for the same amount of money and a much nicer airline. My flight flew into Detroit on the way to Las Vegas next set of crew was 1 hour late. Flight was delayed in Detroit one hour with no explanation of delay."
"Spirit Airlines lures you in under the guise that you are receiving a cheap ticket but they make you buy your bags and your seat. When all was said and done I could have booked a JetBlue flight for the same amount of money and a much nicer airline. My flight flew into Detroit on the way to Las Vegas next set of crew was 1 hour late. Flight was delayed in Detroit one hour with no explanation of delay."
"This past week I flew with Spirit Airlines for the first and last time. Every single person that my husband and I dealt with besides the flight attendants were rude to us. “Well if you don't remove something for your bag to get the weight down we will have to charge you extra for that.” No eye contact no smile no “Hello”or Good Morning.” When we got to the ticket counter with our boarding passes already printed the woman behind the counter didn't even look up at us to acknowledge that we were standing in front of her for three minutes. It took every bit of my patience to not ask if she was blind. This is a very unwelcome airline. There is absolutely nothing complimentary on this airline. My husband and I paid for everything from our one checked bag ($40 to start if overweight you'll be paying an extra $25 on top of that) to water and soft drinks on the plane ($3 and up). Anything that you bring onto the plane besides one carry-on is $50 before you hit the terminal and $100 at the terminal. To boot when we purchased our tickets we were given the option to pick our seats on the aircraft for a fee which was $36 a seat. Never in my life did I ever pay for seat assignments and I certainly didn't do it this time. My husband had absolutely no room to move his legs I couldn't even put my head on his shoulder without getting jabbed by the armrest that couldn't be pushed in an upright position enough to be out of my way. The button to recline my seat didn't work. The tray table for my husband's seat wouldn't adjust to sit properly and was wobbling so we had to share my tray table between us. There is no inflight entertainment. No TV's."
"The plane was fully booked including 5 extra rows that didn't exist. I paid extra for an exit row because i am tall. My ticket said exit row but when I got on the plane all of the rows were shifted 2 rows so I ended up in a regular row and a family with a 6 month old ended up in the exit. As i am sitting here they are forcing anyone who can't find their ticket stub off the plane to reprint a new one. I will never fly this airline again!"
"Flight delayed 2 hours - given 2500 bonus miles have tried online and can't get a telephone number to speak to anyone about not being able to register this certificate. Online registration tells me incorrect cert # but number typed is correct and since no one available by phone have to assume Spirit does not actually want to have anyone use these bonus miles. Corporate number listed online not in use can't get a live person on phone only canned instructions and then when followed they don't work. A joke of an airline and I shall never use again. Worst website ever!"
"Spirit Airlines is the worst airline we have ever traveled on. This was our first and will definitely be our last time we will ever travel with them. You have to pay for everything; seat assignment Carry-on bag checked bags; any drinks or snacks on board. No complementary water no free coffee no free soft drinks. Everything has a price. I'm surprised they don't charge to use the toilet? If you don't prepay for your carry-on bag on-line you get charged $100.00 for it at the terminal. We saw several people discover that when they were in line to board the plane –needless to say they were very upset! There is basically no leg room at all. I am about 5’-8” (short by today’s standards) and I had only about 2 inches of room between my knees and the seat back in front of me. On 3 out of the 4 of the planes we traveled on the seat-backs were locked in one fixed position with no adjustments available -– great for ones back on flights of over 3 and 4 hours particularly for seniors? Or outgoing flight from Oakland CA went smoothly until we got to Chicago IL for our connecting flight to Ft. Lauderdale. We had flight delay of over 3 hours and finally arrived at our destination in Ft. Lauderdale FL at 1:00 am too late for the free shuttle to our hotel. It cost us $50.00 to get another shuttle. If you don't down-load your boarding pass on-line you have to pay extra for it at the terminal. After downloading your boarding passes on-line the heading of your boarding pass states \"Congratulation! You are eligible for Fast Bag Drop\" Then it goes on to state that customers wanting to check bags must do so 45 minutes prior to scheduled departure time. n our return flight from Ft. Lauderdale FL our shuttle dropped us off at the terminal with 1 hr. 15 min. to spare before our scheduled flight. The problem with that is when you arrive at the counter for \"Fast Bag Drop\" there was only one agent handling that and the line was like a Disney World line waiting for a popular ride. There were about 6 other agents waiting patiently for customers who had to pay for their checked bags; carry-on bag and boarding passes. My wife and I who are over 70 year old seniors attempted to use one of these \"observing agents\" to give them our bags and was directed to get back in the long curving line. I questioned where the “Fast Bag Drop” is and was totally ignored. Spirit should rename it to “Snail Pace Bag Drop” which would be far more appropriate! On 2 of our 4 flights we had to listen to an annoying lengthy sales pitch by the flight attendants who were attempting to get customers to sign up for Spirit’s frequent flyer Master Card. I should point out that two positive things about Spirit Airlines are that the flight attendants were mostly friendly and polite and our checked bags arrived safely with us at our destinations. Spirit Airlines advertises itself as the first no frills airline and I must congratulate them on that -– they most certainly are!"
"Detroit flight cancelled after on board for 2 hrs. Lost a night in Vegas we had to reserve rooms we did not use at our cost. Return flight 2 hrs late taking off plus 2 hrs for luggage to be unloaded in Detroit. You would think that extra fees for luggage equals better service. Paid extra for EXIT seats 32 inch legroom impossible for tall person."
"Detroit flight cancelled after on board for 2 hrs. Lost a night in Vegas we had to reserve rooms we did not use at our cost. Return flight 2 hrs late taking off plus 2 hrs for luggage to be unloaded in Detroit. You would think that extra fees for luggage equals better service. Paid extra for EXIT seats 32 inch legroom impossible for tall person."
"We flew in on Spirit Airlines (LAX to ORD) and were so offended by how poorly the airline perceived customers (the staff were fine) that we decided to stay longer so we wouldn't have to use the airline on the way back. It can be more expensive to fly Spirit and you get less than the other airlines. The flight attendants didn't even have a cart. They had to bring all the food and hot coffee two by two by hand."
"NYC to Fort Lauderdale last weekend. The flight cost $340. I ended up paying an extra $150 at the airports to bring my carry on bag. I booked this through a third party and was not warned about this extra charge. The overall price was outrageous. Flight attendants were not the friendliest. When I placed a drink order instead of getting my order the flight attendants hung out at the front of the plane laughing and talking together."
"Booked 2 tickets to fly using Spirit. One for my daughter the other for myself. Due to an emergency plans changed and needed to change my flight. Spirit Airlines unwilling to accommodate - charge me $125 PLUS $33.98 for a total of $158.98 just to cancel and the trip was a month away. Rude Customer Service reps with the most horrendous language barrier!"
"My wife and I were going to Detroit Michigan to see her family when we got a call the her cousin mother had a stroke. We were forced to cancel our trip so we call Spirit to explain the situation. They gave us two options: 1- re-schedule the trip for a fee of $125 per ticket ($250 total) or option 2 - cancel for the same fee plus $16 more per ticket for cancellation fees. Now the second option still does not give your money back. They give you the money in credit and with the condition that you will have to use that credit to buy a ticket within 60 days and the trip can be schedule within a year. Therefore not only they eat up 60% of your money but you cannot get your money back you can only get a credit that in order to use that credit you also have conditions. This means that after taking the penalty for not being able to use the tickets you still penalized by not being able to get what is left of your money plus the penalization of having to reschedule within 60 days plus the penalization of having to flight with them an unreasonable and abusive company. After this event I am sure I will lose 100% of my money since I won't be able to buy an extra ticket with that credit plus the reason that I don't know when will I have time and chances to go anywhere. I will never buy with Spirit Airlines again I feel sorry for the employees that have to work for this type of company and their fliers."
"Detroit to Fort Lauderdale Flight delayed 30 minutes got to check in already printed out boarding pass and pre-paid for checked bag said I could get in the fast check in lane - the line was very long! The scale prior to check in weighed three pounds lighter than check in scale. Many seats on my flight were double booked and had to wait for everything to get fixed before take off."
"We flew Spirit Airlines from Portland Oregon to Las Vegas Nevada and our flight left PDX 1 hour and a half late due to a starter problem with the engine. We were told that the plane had to be started at the gate due to the starter issue. To me the plane should have not been flying with an issue like that. Also we had to pay for our luggage as well as pay extra if we wanted to pick out own seats."
"Multiple delayed departures. Cancelled flight. Horrible customer service. No airline partners. The low fare was not worth the headaches. My trip in the end cost me more than if i would of bought a first class ticket with a reputable airline. What was suppose to be a 2.5hr flight turned into 2 day nightmare. Had to rent a car to get to my next destination. Spirit refunded some customers but I needed to jump thru more hoops to maybe get a refund for cancelled flight. My relatives who likwise flew spirit this weekend different departure airport where likwise delayed coming and going. Avoid this airline cheap fare not worth it."
"Maybe the worst experience I have had with an airline. The apathy is almost unbelievable. My flight is delayed for almost 3 hours due to \"weather\". It is perfectly sunny right now from Houston to Denver."
"Round-trip Latrobe to Myrtle Beach to visit family. Flight was delayed 3 hours in LTB to fix something on the plane - understandable. But what is really horrible about this airline is that the service is atrocious. I have not encountered a single nice or understanding employee of Spirit. They are unaccommodating and just plain rude. They advertise their flights as cheap but they simply are not by the time you pay all the fees at the end. Also the $9 Fair Club is an absolute joke - none of the fairs are below $40 and you simply cannot get a flight for under $100 after bags and seats."
"My college kids went to Cancun. Their return flight was Cancun to Ft. Lauderdale to Chicago. Bad weather in Texas caused a long delay before a cancelation of their flight: there's only one flight in and out per day and that was their jet. Spirit representatives told stranded passengers the next flight available was 4 days later! They would only refund tickets not re-route on another airline. Their excuse was a weather related problem which relieved them of any obligation of food vouchers hotels or compensation. It cost the students an extra $400 for buying tickets on United to get back home the next day after an all nighter in the airport."
"I paid for a Spirit Airlines ticket but my flight was cancelled the day of. The excuse given was bad weather for the incoming plane. Ironically we checked other airlines none of the others had cancelled incoming flights. Furthermore my flight had few seats sold which I thought was very interesting and concerning. The flight was cancelled and the very few customers who had bought tickets were delayed from the morning to the afternoon. The problem is for people with connecting flights. This airline should not be called a \"no frills\" airline but a \"non caring\" airline. When a consumer buys a ticket there's a trust that the flight will be honored. People who were stranded weren't put up in a hotel. The resounding feeling from those on the flight was that they won't fly Spirit again. Once again there are critical time sensitive reasons for travel. Once an airline breaks the customers' trust it is hard to regain."
"I will never take Spirit again my first and last time. Not such a bargain price when you have to additional $90 for carry-on luggage and you check in online. Would have been cheaper and a more flexible flight to fly with another airline. It. cost me almost $200 round trip from LAX to Las Vegas when it should have been $98 as advertised."
"My second time flying Spirit and the last. First of all who doesn't want to save a little and spend it on activities? The problem is that you don't realize until after you have booked that more fees are coming. I knew there would be seat fees if I chose to sit next to my traveling companion and I also knew that I would have to pay for checked bags. What I didn't know until I received a reminder email to do online check in is that now Spirit also charges $10 per person if you do not do an online check in and print your boarding passes. After $160 extra for bags and cheap seats they want you to pay to check in at the airport too. The real topper of all this is that my flight from Dallas with a brief stop in San Diego then on to Cabo was all without any type of drinks because no one bothered to stock the plane so after you ordered and they swiped your card they came back and said \"Oh so sorry we are all out of that\". Also after you pay for those seats you may or may not get them. Its not worth the hassle and all the extra fees-at the end of the day it still costs as much to fly this \"discounted airline\" as it would to fly one of the others that is straight forward with the charges. Stop being sneaky and underhanded Spirit no one appreciates it!"
"May 8th 2014 PDX-LAS. Flight 293. May 11th 2014 LAS-PDX Flight 360. The staff at the terminals are a miserable group of people and you can tell they hate their jobs. Departure was 4 hours late from talking to other people this is not unusual. Return flight was also late. Paid for the trip and bags and seats and when the departure flight was so late I had to rebook on Alaska tried to call Sprit but good luck with that. When I went to return found out they cancelled my return flight because I didn't make the original departure flight even though I paid! finally convinced the very miserable staff at the counter that it wasn't my fault I couldn't make their late flight. Flight attendants were pleasant on the flight but seemed to know that they work for a very low budget airline."
"They cancelled my husband's flight 8 hours before he was to go. Only notified him through email did not offer any flight alternatives. It cost us an extra $168 to get a rush ticket with another carrier. They would not cover the difference of cost to get the flight. Poor customer service - I waited on hold for over 30 minutes - spoke with an unfriendly customer service agent. Very dissatisfied - will only use Spirit again as a last resort."
"We flew from Ft. Lauderdale to LA. Spirit changed our flight out because of the flight not being fully booked. They gave us about a weeks warning so that was not too bad as we could plan accordingly. However on the way back from LA to Ft. Lauderdale we flew from LA to Chicago changed planes and the next leg went to Ft. Lauderdale. While in the air from LA to Chicago they canceled our second leg of the flight and the next flight out was 6 hours after we landed. Had they told us ahead we could have planned accordingly. But to change it during flight is inexcusable. The man at the gate was uncaring and rude. We asked if they would put us on another flight landing in a nearby town. We were told that there was no room. 10 minutes later 6 people came up to the gate late (they missed the flight we tried to get on). In other words the guy lied there was at least 6 empty seats on the plane and they could have put us on there as stand by. They also charge for sodas snacks and beverages. If you wish to pick your seat you pay for that also."
"Never again will I fly Spirit this was our first and certainly our last. Our return flight from Vegas to Dallas on May 7 2014 was originally scheduled to depart at 11.35 am which turned into 8.35. No notification of flight status change until we checked in and were told it was delayed until 6.00 pm which changed to 4.00 then to being cancelled. We were given vouchers for $7 which won't even buy you a sandwich in the airport! Customer service was off the scale of being totally unsatisfactory. We paid extra to have particular seats which on our return flight we did not get. You would have thought the least that could have been done once boarded would have been to offer complimentary beverages but no such thing. The experience was a total fiasco to put it nicely. I am telling everyone I know that flies to avoid Spirit at all costs because it is not worth the few extra dollars you save for all the inconvenience and headache that comes with it. None of the other flights that came in during my 12 hour stay was on time so obviously they didn't leave on time either."
"Plane was late to arrive to begin. Our flight was at 1.47pm plane arrived at 2.10. Flight attendants couldn't be found. All passengers boarded the (very dirty) plane and the pilot announced (after 30 min) that they were experiencing mechanical issues. 15 minutes later a mechanic showed up. 30 minutes later they de-boarded us. We waited around in the airport with no answers. They kept telling us that they were \"holding\" the connecting flight. 1.5 hrs later the problem was \"fixed\". All passengers boarded again. As soon as everyone was on the plane the pilot announced that the mechanical issues hadn't been resolved. We were in Fort Myers in 80 degree weather and sitting in a plane with no AC. Eventually all told to de-board. We waited in the airport again for another 1.5 hrs with still no answers other than they were still holding the connecting flight. Finally told that folks that had connecting flights needed to go back down to the Spirit ticket booth it was going to be first come first serve. Once all 60 passengers were back down at the ticket booth we again waited for at least 2 hours in line waiting for answers. They put us up in hotel rooms but never told the hotel and never notified the hotel shuttles that there were 60 people who needed transportation. We finally left the airport at 8.15pm! They gave us a food voucher $7 per person and $50 credit to fly their airline again. They are short staffed the planes are dirty and the seats don't recline. Your knees were hitting the seat in front of you. You don't get any beverages or snacks on the flight. Bottom line is it was a horrible experience. It was a cheap flight that cost our family lots of money and stress. I don't recommend giving Spirit Airlines your business."
"May 6 2014. Purchased two tickets BWI to LAS depart 7.40 p from Balt. $416 plus $138 in seat selection charges. Plane delayed until 10.30p due to bird strike out of Pittsburgh. Updated to learn plane was hit by lightning twice. New departure 12.30 a. Plane coming in to Myrtle Beach that plane didn't leave a Myrtle Beach for BWI until 10.45 p. Arrived around 12.45 a. Plane was grounded. A plane which had been sitting at our gate since 10.30p was activated for our flight but it had to be prepped and fuelled. This added a half hour. We boarded around 1.15 the water system was out on this plane toilets were available but no one got to use them. We circled the tarmac and waited 30 min. for clearance to take off. Departure denied and the flight crew had timed out so we taxied back to the gate. Spirit offered us a rebook or refund. My issue is the ground logistic were to blame no departure approval they knew they were switching equipment why not gas up the plane two hours prior. The reason the flight was cancelled was not due to bird strike or lightning simple human error and gross incompetence. My wife and I arrived at BWI at 5.00 p spent $100 on airport dinner $12 to park almost 10 hours later to circle in a plane on the ground to drive home at 2.30 a. We have flown Spirit before got to where we needed to go but it really should not be this kind of gamble customers should not be treated like freight."
"This was the worst flying experience I have had. I felt like I was sitting on top of the person next to me - and I am a relatively small person! I had no leg room whatsoever and my seat did not recline. How do you expect to sleep on a 5 hour red eye without even a slightly reclining seat! I even have a reclining seat when I take a $25 bus from NYC to Washington DC! They call yourself the \"most affordable airline\" yet you charge for everything. $30 for a checked bag!? $18 for a seat. I will never fly them again."
"If you want feel miserable about yourself fly in this company. They are not cheap. They are always late. If they often cancel a flight then you will be alone buying another ticket from a real company with last minute price. There is no such thing as customer service or respect for the customer."
"I have never been on a worse airline. They hook you on the rate but you end up paying for all the hidden charges. I booked this airline for the direct flight but of course that did not matter when the flight was delayed 2 hours. The plane was dirty garbage all over the floor the seats did not recline they were small with no space you had to pay for your beverages! I have a family of 4 and when I tried to reserve our 4 seats together because I have small children I had to pay $10 per seat and then for my suitcases."
"I planned a trip with my family 4/12 through 4/28 to go to Guatemala to visit family. I pick Spirit Airlines because they seemed to give the best deal with later became very eye opening due to all the little charges for checking in bags and charging for everything under the sun! Because my bags were not checked in online I had to pay a carry on had to be paid for food on the plane was costly for what they had. Had I known all the money I would be charged I would have booked with a better airline. Spirit has the most unfriendly customer service people I have ever seen and were very rude to those that had questions. Spirit airlines nickeled and dimed us that it made our trip a little more stressful! I would recommend that you find another airline to fly on whenever possible. The next time I will book a flight that cost more just to avoid Spirit airlines! The seating is cramped and very uncomfortable! Inflight entertainment - what inflight entertainment. Spirit is a joke."
"I feel that Spirit Airlines is in the business to nickle and dime a customer. These are the following reasons: Airline ticket may be reasonable but baggage cost $300 for 3 bags and 1 bag was a take on. Told to go online to save money for luggage prices however you had to pay additional money and/or join and pay for a membership this was not initially told to me beforehand. It was an additional $10 if you had not already printed your boarding pass plus if you wanted an assigned seat that was also an additional $15. The plane seats were horrible you could not recline in them how would your back feel flying from Baltimore to Vegas round-trip it was like standing up the entire time! Finally the bundle menu the prices were terrible and utilizing a credit card for a soda and cookies for $10 is ridiculous. Furthermore if your luggage was over 50lbs you are looking at an additional $80. Never again."
"On the 4 flights I took with Spirit between April 24th and May 1st to Costa Rica from LAX and back the flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Costa Rica was delayed several hrs and both returning trips were delayed. One of which was my return trip from Costa Rica to LAX in which the layover flight at Ft. Lauderdale was pushed back until 11pm which meant our flight would land at LAX to 2am. When I asked the customer service rep at Ft. Lauderdale if the airline could arrange for a shuttle or taxi to get me home because of the third delay of the 4 flights she said she could do nothing but arrange for better seats for us. That meant very little to me considering Spirit has some of the worst seats I've sat in. Once on the plane I figured Spirit would at least offer their passengers a complimentary bottle of water for another delay. But no they still wanted to charge us their insanely high prices for their beverages and food. All in all Spirit offered the worst flight experience I've ever had."
"I hadn't flown in years and was excited to fly again. Found the best rates with Spirit and was ready to go. Everything went downhill from there. Once you arrive you get hit with all theses extra fees for everything from baggage to snacks and soda on the plane. Then the seats are so cramped this is the first plane I've been on where my knees touch the seat in front of me. In the end it would have been cheaper and more comfortable to fly with another airline. Never again will I fly with Spirit."
"It is a shame that when you fly on this airline you must figure in the hours of delays and lies that the airline will give you. I was to fly from Myrtle Beach to Washington DC (Baltimore) at 5.22pm. They came across the intercom that the flight will be delayed until 8.30pm due to a bird strike against the plane. Then right before we get to board they delay it again until 10.01 due to 2 strikes of lightning against the plane. I have been watching the board and when Detroit hit their boarding time it went to 1.00am. Now the next flight out of Myrtle Beach is not until 5pm tomorrow night that is if we don't take off at 1.00am. This is not what I want from an airline."
"Flying into Las Vegas there was no alcohol to be had. We were told that the passengers coming from Vegas drank it all. The seats are super tight the plane dingy and the staff were extremely rude! Also after booking flight and hotel plans needed to be changed. Even though I tried to change hotel dates to leave earlier several weeks prior to our trip there was no refund. We had to pay an astronomical amount to change our flight to come home early even though we requested the flight change weeks prior to our trip. Extra costs for boarding passes carry on's and checked luggage made this trip much more expensive than if we would have booked through another carrier. Flying home from Vegas never happened. Best case scenario flight home delayed for 6 hours. They would not comp anything and couldn't give an exact time to fly out. We were told that they would accommodate us in some unknown fashion if it the flight was delayed more than 24 hours. Needless to say we paid for another flight to get home. We will never fly Spirit Airlines again!"
"Our first time flying with Spirit was March 2014. We boarded plane on time but sat waiting for over 1 hour with no explanation from the pilot or flight attendants. One passenger finally fed up made a comment to one of the flight attendants stating that someone should make some kind of announcement as to what was going on. Shortly thereafter the pilot made an announcement that the problem was an oxygen tank in the cockpit. Flight attendants were very rude and chatted amongst themselves most of the time. Our second and last time was the end of April. It should be noted both flights were booked at the same time otherwise we would have gone with another airliner. Flight was to leave at 7.20am but arrived late. Announcement was made that there will be a further delay because apparently the plane had hit a bird and it was to undergo an engine check. Pilots and flight attendants left the plane and 2 hours later it was fixed pilots boarded however no flight attendants were to be found another 1/2 hour passed before the attendants arrived. We finally boarded and made it home. On both flights the attendants could have been more respectful and just polite. Food purchases available could broadened. Flight #'s and info can be given if requested. We fly twice yearly at the least and would rather pay more to have polite attendants who keep their passengers inform if delayed have bigger seats and more choices for beverage and especially food."
"My wife had a one hour flight from Ft. Lauderdale to Tampa at 9.45pm. It was then delayed until midnight. There was no problem with the plane they just didn't have anyone to fly it! About a half hour before they were supposed to board the flight gets delayed again! This time they will not be leaving until 1am. This airline should be ashamed of itself. No compensation was offered just a half hearted apology. We will never fly Spirit again. I will pay extra to stay away."
"Santo Domingo to Fort Lauderdale. The worst nickle and dime airline I have been on. It started at the counter in Santo Domingo. I had purchased a $45 carry-on baggage online. When I got to the airport I bought some rum. As I was connecting to Fort Lauderdale to Bahamas I would not be allowed to carry the liquor through. So I placed it in my carry-on and decided to check it in. I told the Customer service rep that I did purchase a carry-on for $45 but needed the bag checked in. The seats are right on top of you. There is no space to stretch your legs. If I don't pay for an exit row it is an uncomfortable experience. Then you have to pay for everything water cookies chips anything. The only hot meal they can offer you is a Cup O noodle soup. After I arrived the international area was crazy. We must have arrived with 4 or 5 other airlines. I had to wait over 2 hours to clear immigration. When I entered the Customs area I knew I would miss my flight. I asked the Gate agent if she could assist me because I only had an hour and a half before my flight. The staff member walked off. I am sorry but that is not how you retain customers and I can assure you unless Spirit is the only airline flying somewhere I need to go I will never patronize this airline again."
"I have flown Spirit several times in the past for the low fares and tolerate the bad service for the lower fares. I will never use Spirit again after what happened today. My wife's booked 2 tickets on the 4.25pm flight from D/FW to O'Hare. I was driving them to the airport at 2.30pm when she received an email from Spirit that the flight was delayed until 6pm. She checked the website and called customer service and confirmed the new flight time. We came home and then left at 4.20 to return to the airport. My wife checked the flight info and it was now moved back to the original time of 4.25pm. Once at the gate the agents explained that the delay was cancelled and that the flight was on time and it was our fault for not being at the airport at the original scheduled time. They recommended to catch the next flight at 6am the next day. Spirit reminded us the tickets were non-refundable and would give us vouchers for another flight to be used within 90 days. They finally agreed to refund the ticket prices when they verified they had sent an email about they new flight time however no deal on the $80.00 unused baggage fees we paid."
"Terminal was overcrowded plane was full no movies no snacks not even water rough 5.5 hr flight. Seat belt sign on the whole time discouraging bathroom breaks especially for older people."
"Our flight from Cancun to Ft. Lauderdale on Sunday 4/27/14 was delayed more than 2 hours due to an issue with one of their aircraft. This caused many people to miss their connecting flights which is understandable. But the next available flights on Spirit to various destinations (Boston Denver Detroit Orlando New York etc.) ranged from 24 to more than 72 hours later. Families with small children coming home from spring break were told that they would have to wait until Thursday to fly to Boston. Further Spirit management did nothing to provide hotel accommodations for anyone stuck in Ft. Lauderdale nor did they attempt to contract with other carriers to get any of these people home. The only message they gave us is that this is company policy. When some people became outwardly angry due to the time and financial hardships caused by this airline Broward county sheriff's deputies were called in to keep order. Interestingly one deputy told us they see this on an almost daily basis regarding Spirit because of so many people's frustration with this airline. Spirit has clearly put their bottom line far above customer service and care. We will never fly this airline again."
"Spirit isn't cheap as they advertise the cost of the ticket then the charge for a bag (even a carry-on is charged) $3.00 for water even more for snacks by the time you pay for everything it is around the same price as other airlines. The seats in Spirit are small I am a short average woman and I didn't even fit into their seats at least with other airlines I always have enough room. The airline staff were horrible they were always chit chatting with each other or someone they knew on the plane. I will never fly or recommend Spirit airlines."
"I went from MSP to PHX round trip. Their flight attendants are good the baggage is a fine price make sure to pay online. My grandfather and I packed one checked bag and it worked out cheaper than a carry on. The problem is the aircraft. I really wanted Spirit to work but it didn't. Flight to PHX was delayed 2 hours and we missed spring training game for that day. We even boarded the aircraft taxied to the runway to find out the right engine was out. On the way back we were delayed half an hour for other mechanical issues. Everything is great besides the one component that really matters. I would give Spirit a second chance."
"We have flown on all the major airlines we decided to try Spirit it was cheaper and I know why. It is like traveling in a sardine can no leg room seats didn't recline. I kept getting a knee in my back because the seats had no padding. After this trip if I have to fly I will never fly Spirit airlines again."
"Absolutely the worst airline operating today. On my flight to DFW from Las Vegas I guess the flight attendants were having a bad day because none of them smiled and they were rude. Granted everyone has a bad day every now and then but this flight crew were rude and snobby. Prior to boarding the plane the desk attendant called for boarding zone 1 but 5 seconds later made an announcement for all boarding which created a cluster because now everyone was in line. Returning to Vegas was just as bad although the plane we were on experienced delays due to repairs. I think I'll just stick with Southwest Airlines for my economy flights."
"I flew Spirit a couple of years ago to Miami FL. During that time I was not charged a fee to carry on a small roller bag going or coming back. This year I had the exact same bag and did not purchase the carry on fee because it was free before. Now I fly out of DFW and when I get to the terminal and wasn't allowed to board because I did not pay for my bag in advance. They allow one carry-on bag free of charge but was told that my bag was too big and I also had my purse in my carry-on bag. Now they want to charge me $100! How did a carry-on bag go from $35 online to $100 at the gate on the exact same day? I told them that I had used the same bag before and wasn't charge so I asked if it was a new policy and was told that this policy had been in place for the past 3 years. Needless to say I ended up having to pay $100 for a small roller-bag and the lady in front of me was just as furious! Yes the flights are cheap but they will get you in some small way to make up for the cheap flights!"
"Flew round trip from Detroit to Ft. Myers Fl April 12 and April 19th. What happened to Spirit? Last time I flew with this airline was 9 years ago and I did not have 1 complaint but this time? Filthy is the first word that comes to mind. Food on the floors dirty greasy seats and when I told the attendant that the tray table was filthy she handed me a napkin. Before I left I looked in the seat pouch to see if there were any comment cards and found a used vomit bag. Used. Besides the crud the luggage prices are ridiculously high. They charge $45 for a carry-on bag when you use the 24 hour check-in services online ($55 if you check-in at the airport). These are only one-way so for a round-trip flight double those amounts. To choose your seat Spirit will charge you $18 one-way. Double that amount if you want it for a round-trip vacation. So if you would like to sit next to your friend spouse children parents etc. then it will cost you nearly $40 extra. I would never fly Spirit again."
"I flew from Chicago to South Carolina and back. Yes the flight was cheap and even paying for our bag still cheaper than anything else we could get. It is extremely annoying to constantly be asked for money while traveling. For your bags if you want a specific seat for water etc. don't expect to get anything without paying for it! Be prepared to wait in a long line if checking a bag as everyone checks a bag. The staff in South Carolina were very nice regarding weight I think they realized their weight restriction is less than other airlines as they gave us a little wiggle room (most airlines are 50lbs they are 40lbs). If you fly Spirit pay for bag before checking in online it's the cheapest. If your flying with someone else book tickets together because your seats will probably end up together and bring snacks."
"Flying Detroit to Dallas and the flight was delayed 4 hours because the tail of the plane was broken. Apparently there are no back up planes. Called Spirit customer service twice and received attitude. They would not book us on another airline and only offered a 60 day voucher but they would not tell us the amount or cap for this voucher. They also would not cover the taxes and fees associated with the voucher or any of the other nickel and dime fees that come standard with flying Spirit. They offer the cheapest tickets because no one wants to fly their terrible airline and because they scrap their quality from the bottom of the barrel across the board."
"I am not a person who flies often. However my experience with Spirit Airlines was the least enjoyable of any trip to date. The airports were dingy and dirty the air planes were small and the seats were uncomfortable. These areas of discomfort would have been on the verge of acceptable if the cost of our flights really were less expensive than the other air lines. In the end the cost of the bags (with a weight of 40 pounds max) the cost of a carry on and the fact that we had to pay to select our seat increased the cost of the flight to be equal of other carriers. The level of delays not just for our flight but for every flight that day (and not related to weather) was unbelievable. The saving quality of Spirit was the staff. Everyone was pleasant and helpful even in the midst of cranky customers."
"Bogota to Las Vegas via Fort Lauderdale. Terrible experience very dirty flight and extremely disorganized passenger service and operations. This airline having know the fact that it takes time to go through border control and homeland security gave us less than 1 hour at Fort Lauderdale airport to go through the security and immigration check during peak hours with over 300 odd passengers in a queue. This was at 18.45 hrs I was supposed to be on my next flight unfortunately with Spirit at 20.00 so we had roughly 35 mins. As a result I missed my flight. In spite of the fact that the airlines knew that so many passengers were stuck in the queue with immigration they didn't bother to delay the flight by few minutes and left us in limbo. I went to the service staff and they said they could not ud to Las Vegas that night but the day after. They wouldn't provide a hotel but said they could get me to LAX airport that night and I could make my way to Las Vegas by taxi (at my own cost ). This flight was delayed by nearly 3 hours and I reached LAX at 2.30 in the on 15th leaving me no way whatsoever to reach Las Vegas by 4 am to board my next flight. I had to buy another ticket for my international flight for roughly $900."
"Sure get a cheap flight but you'll get to spend hours and hours at the airport waiting to get on your flight. I am in the middle of 3 hour delay that has been upgraded to a 6 hour delay. I could have spent this time on something productive instead of sitting in an airport. My mother's last trip involving Spirit included a 2 hour delay and on my last flight with spirit it was a 3 hour delay. Change your name to Delay Airlines."
"This is the worst airline I have booked through. There is a fee to pick your own seats nothing is transferable if something beyond your control comes up. This is just not a consumer friendly airline it's just plain greedy. It's not comfortable in the seats and they make you pay for every single thing. I will NEVER book through this airline again they are the most greedy airline imaginable. Anything they can possibly make you pay for you better believe they will. The service is horrible. Nothing was good about this experience."
"I recently flew round-trip from Detroit MI to Las Vegas NV April 4th and April 7th 2014. The airplanes that Spirit used for both of these flights were absolutely filthy (grease prints from foreheads on the backs of the seats and dirt on the floors). But this was the least of my complaints really. Spirit charges $45 for a carry-on bag when you use the 24 hour check-in services online ($55 if you check-in at the airport). If you would like to check your bag when you use the 24 hour check-in services online then it is $40 ($50 if you check-in at the airport). Oh and these are only one-way so for a round-trip flight double those amounts. I ended up paying $90 just to bring my carry-on bag on the plane with me. To choose your seat Spirit will charge you $18 one-way. Double that amount if you want it for a round-trip vacation. So if you would like to sit next to your friend significant other children parents etc. then it will cost you nearly $40 extra. Those complimentary beverages? On Spirit they are not complimentary. $3 per beverage and obviously no free refills. So while Spirit may advertise with those low prices flights they will then screw you over by charging you a ridiculous amount for luggage (both carry-on and checked) your seat and beverages that would otherwise be complimentary if you had chosen another airline. Do not fly with them!"
"Boston (BOS) - Fort Lauderdale (FLL) return. Just do your research understand what you're getting and how businesses operate. In my mind this is the equivalent of taking the cheap Chinatown bus from Boston to NYC. No one takes said bus for comfort or luxury or great customer service or poor in-flight food they take it because it's cheap and it'll get you there one way or another. Spirit's whole business model is based on what they consider \"extras.\" Carry-on that's bigger than a medium-sized knap-sack is extra. Being picky about your seat assignment is extra. In-flight snacks big seats using staff at the ticket counter all these are considered \"extras.\" So when it comes down to it it's all a big game. They set the rules and you make the moves and manoeuvres to get through the maze with as few dings to your wallet as possible. With the \"Spirit game\" you don't pick your seats you bring your own food you pack as light as possible you measure and/or weigh your baggage beforehand to avoid penalties for getting it wrong you do your best to squeeze into small seats you listen to headphones when they do their credit card shpeel on the loud speaker if you can you go to the airport to buy your tickets (buying online carries a convenience charge) you find out ahead of time when the ticket counter is open at the airports you'll be flying through (if you need them) you avoid using the ticket agents in any way possible. Those are the rules of the game. It's up to you which rules you want to abide by and of course it's up to you whether you want to play the game at all."
"My sister and I flew to South Carolina and before we flew my husband called Spirit to see what the procedure was for checking baggage. He was told that although the internet says to pay $25 online or $50 at check-in or $100 at the gate we didn't have to. We flew out of Chicago O'Hare Airport with no problem. When departing South Carolina we were told as we were boarding that we had to pay $100 to carry a back pack and 1 piece of luggage with us on the plane. We and 3 other people had to pay $100 for nothing. It wasn't a problem going there suddenly it's a problem? I will never fly with this airline again."
"Denver International Airport to Las Vegas Nevada airport. Flight number 719 on March 19th 2014 and back to Denver March 22nd on flight 562. Terrible experience both to my destination and back. I fly a lot and was very disappointed. The fees for the bags are crazy. I was able to get on the plane to my destination without a fee. Then on the way home they charged me for the exact same bag that had the exact same things in it."
"Hidden fees all over terrible customer service rude staff in every department! Every bag you have is extra money checked bags carry on bags and they tell you none of this until after you have bought your ticket. It even costs money to print your boarding pass at the airport. Your carry on can weigh 50 lbs which costs you different amounts based on when and where you tell them you have a carry on. Then if you check a bag it costs you another 50 bucks if it weighs over 40lbs! I have flown plenty this is by far the worst experience I have had with an airline."
"The other day was the first time my wife and I have flown Spirit and it will be the last. Their bait and switch marketing is offensive. Save $100 on the ticket only to see it go right back to the company via seat charges (assuming spouses want to sit together) a baggage fee of $30/bag and a weight of 40 lbs (not the standard 50 lbs for most carriers) a personal items list that for many likely results in a \"carry-on\" bag fee the constant notice that you better get all of our a la carte pricing right or we will soak you $100/bag at the gate or charge you for not handling all ticketing and check-in online. There were charges for everything on the drink cart except tap water - which wasn't offered. I was waiting for them to announce a bathroom use fee. At the end of it all we arrived early only to sit on the runway for 50 minutes more making us overall 30 minutes late. The baggage claim carrousel was changed with no announcement. The airlines touts that it is all about saving people money and statements that is completely up front with their policies is garbage! I've been in business for over 50 years and have flown a lot of miles. We will obviously never fly them again."
"Because their rate was much lower than all other carriers I decided to try Spirit for my recent Chicago to Las Vegas round trip. I found the planes to be reasonably modern and the service to be fine but what really bugged me was that they charged for everything! Seats checked bag carry on luggage (if you do not pay at time of booking it jumps to $100 per piece at the gate) beverages (including water and coffee!) and snacks. I understand that it is a low-fare and no frills airline but really must you need to charge for everything? This cannot be a long term business model. You don't feel that you got the value for your money. I am a frequent business flyer who logs between 40-50 thousand miles per year. I have a few favorites but I am always on the look out for options. Needless to say Spirit has been erased from my list. I don't have much spirit for this airline."
"Flight from LaGuardia to MCO (Orlando) with a connecting flight in Detroit - absolutely mortified with the check in service at LaGuardia. My 17 year old son brought his skateboard on the flight as it is permitted with the TSA guidelines. When we got to check in the man at the desk said Spirit has different policies but he would allow it if we pay extra $50 to bring the skateboard on the plane. He said he would call the gate to let them know. When we got to the gate the people almost didn't allow us - the guy at check in didn't call. When we got into the plane my son had his board and the people on board said oh yeah that's fine! When we got to Detroit we looked at the receipt to explain to the next flight attendants and we were shocked when we saw $110 on the receipt. The man at check in deliberately lied to us. Spirit flight was fine no TVs but that's fine. Absolutely outraged by the check in service at LaGuardia."
"On Sunday March 30 2014 my husband and I endured the worst experience we have dealt with regarding any airline. From the moment we got into the line to proceed to the service counter where we engaged with the rudest of service reps to the poor representation or should I say lack of representation when I called to check on a charge for our carry-on luggage and additional charge for so called extra poundage on our check-in bag. The bag (they said) was 7 lbs. over when on a previous flight with JetBlue it was 4 lbs. under. How does that work? Never fly again with them."
"One of the worst staff ever experienced. Onboard staff was so rude and don't help. They did not let us use the bathrooms when seat belt sign was turned off and bathroom was empty but staff was using it. Our child was coughing and needed a glass of water first they asked me to pay $3 before giving him water. They charge for everything bag seat water food. Its looks cheap when we search for the deals but there are hidden prices which makes it expensive in the end. I will never go back and would not recommend them."
"Had to find quick non-stop flight from Dallas to Orlando. Spirit fit the time frame and would have me there by 7.08pm. When we arrived at DFW flight was on time. Then at 1.30 the flight board showed a 90 minute delay. By 2.30 it was a 3 hour delay. Instead of leaving at 3.39pm it was now a 6.45pm departure. First time my wife and flew Spirit and was surprised at all of the added fees. Time was of the essence so we gave it a shot due to having 'lower' rates. Total cost would have been comparable to other rates from airlines with a better on time average which I learned while sitting waiting for my very delayed flight. I will always take a few minutes and always check an airline out online if I am not familiar with them."
"The worst airline I have flown! Filthy seats too small. Seats don't recline jammed 3 in a row and you had to keep your body still or you hit the person either side. Stewardesses? Looked bored and put out when asked a question. Hit with baggage fees on check-in pay to sit next to the person you traveled with! Will never fly this airline again."
"The worst flight experience my husband and I have had! It cost more for our 2 carry-ons than the cost of our tickets. The flight attendant who checked the boarding passes was terribly rude and unprofessional the service on the plane was outrages. Nothing is free even the water. Narrow seats dehydration one restroom out of order. We flew from O'Hare to San Diego on March 28 2014. At the gate I went first pulling my carry on at the plane entrance I noticed my husband was not behind me. I went back to check and saw my husband being charged for his carry on. At that time the attendant started yelling 'They have two they have two' so the attendant charged my husband another $100 for my carry on! There was no explanation no kindness. It wasn't my fault that the flight attendant let me go at first and then when I came back she treated me like prey she has missed! I will never ever fly with Spirit again."
"Booked flight through Travelocity and had questions about seat selection check-in etc. Checked Spirit's site and needed assistance called twice girl who answered first call was annoyed with my questions and young man who answered second call was very helpful and courteous. Flew PHL to Vegas-delayed both ways but figure that can happen with any airline-however comfort was affected by broken seat backs and garbage in seat pockets (liquor bottle in one water bottle and wad of papers with gum stuck to both) taking up leg room. Also had to brush peanut skins and crumbs from my seat to join the pile on the floor before sitting down. Never mind that beverages were not complimentary they were served but once at the beginning of a 5.5 hour flight. I am truly glad that I finally did make sense of the site and the charges before flying and knew to print boarding passes and pay for seat assignments and avoid the ridiculously high fees charged at the airport for luggage. I am satisfied only with the fact that we reached our destination safely."
"I'm 5'11\" and Spirit's seats may not be super comfortable but at least there is the saving grace that seats do not recline. There's nothing worse than barely fitting your legs in the first place only to have the person in front of you lean their seat back! I've flown Spirit twice so far round trip flights from Minneapolis to Chicago. The flight is only a little over an hour long and for $35 I guess I can put up with a bit of discomfort for an hour. What really gets me however is not the size of the seat (to be honest even higher-priced airline seats are hardly comfortable) but the deplorable customer service at check-in. I checked a bag on my latest return flight from Chicago but had already checked in online. The system / boarding pass said that I could quick-check the bag - so I went to the airport not expecting to wait in line. After printing out my boarding pass at the kiosk I stood for a while in the quick-check line section. When free one of the four or five reps at the counter asked if she could help me and I told her I just wanted to drop my bag use the quick-check. She told me \"Oh we don't have that this morning you'll have to wait in line\" (instead of just taking the bag which would have taken the same amount of time). So I went back to stand in line for about 20 minutes. When I finally get back to the counter a different rep tells me \"You should really hurry this flight is about to board.\" After getting through O'Hare's tediously slow security lines I finally did manage to catch the flight - feeling frustrated and impatient about the whole experience. Next time I will fly on a different airline. Even though cheap fares are tempting I have a sneaking feeling that they're not worth the savings."
"My family traveled to Ft Lauderdale in February. The trip down was fine. The trip back very upsetting primarily due to extremely rude employees. We switched seats online prior to our return flight to the row behind the exit. It was clear we were traveling with an infant and car seat. We were seated at the beginning of the flight in the row behind the exit. We sat there with the employees passing by us for over 2.5 hours. In the last 30-45 minutes an attendant came up and said 'we have a problem' and she ordered us to move because we apparently couldn't be seated with a car seat behind the exit row. We questioned this order because there was only 30-45 minutes left on the flight. So we moved without any help. We accept the baggage limitations and paid for our suitcases. We accept it's a discount airline. We do not accept despicable treatment of paying customers."
"Spirit airlines has been my worst experience flying. First of all who charges for carry on and still puts the most outrageous policies on check ins. The worst part is they don't bother to tell you when you are buying your ticket that way you don't know and you are forced to pay for it when you get there. Then they charge for boarding passes and for not having a random seat. The staff and their rude attitudes did not make it any better. Being a college student and thinking you got a deal with this flight only to realize that they charge you for everything else. I didn't know what to expect after that. I will never fly this airline again. I'd rather pay for an expensive flight that doesn't nickel and some you at every corner."
"Poor service poor communication poor quality. You couldn't even make up how bad they are. Oversold flight. We had a 6 hour delay that was identified 30 minutes prior to our departure as a result we missed our connecting flight. Missed two days of work. Only offered a 50 dollar voucher for all the inconvenience. Not even their 800 number is user friendly. Keep your voucher I don't plan on traveling with Spirit again. Was told at the airport the plane had broken down in Boston the pilot had a different story. Spent $1000 for two tickets what a deal."
"It cost more for our luggage to fly than it did for my wife and I. Tried to check-in online the Spirit system would not let me in so if I wanted to pay for my bags online it was not possible. Spirit airlines has no idea what customer service means. Fees are fees and I pay them on all the airlines but every other airline I do business with lets me know what the fees are when I'm making reservations so I know my complete budget ahead of time. My wife's carryon fit in their little gage hole but they said it was 2mm to high with the handle. I will pay higher rates to avoid ever having to be subjected to that again."
"Personnel and flights ok but often delayed/late. In spite of fees for seats and carry-on luggage you can save $$ by joining $9 club. Seat rows are closer than most others so if you're tall this can be quite uncomfortable. Seat backs are not adjustable-ugh! Trying to talk a live person and get help is impossible. I changed my internet provider and cannot make a reservation using my $9 club membership. I've called all of their phone numbers and cannot get to a live person other than someone \"selling\" me something who cannot help with changing my email address. Maddening and frustrating to say the least and I'm a $9 club member. I may never fly Spirit."
"My first (and last) flight with Spirit Airline very negative to say the least! I'd recommend anyone who considers this airline to read the fine print. The baggage fees are outrageous they don't even give you a complimentary drink the seats do not recline and there is little leg room the flight attendants are not friendly needless delayed flights gate changes and just a downright greedy airline! There was no inflight entertainment and the \"food\" (snacks) and drinks were extremely overpriced."
"Delayed when we left LGA to Myrtle Beach by 1.5 hours. Delayed 2.5 hours returning. Computer glitch. We were on the runway and about to take off had to go back to terminal. Took off 54 Golf bags. Refuelled and took off. Never told about the bags. Bunch of golfers standing around waiting for bags in baggage claim. After 30 minutes finally told. Still don't have my bag. 5 days and no one picks up phone when calling."
"Delayed about 1.5 hours leaving and almost 4 hours on my trip back. Only offered a 50 dollar voucher for all the inconvenience. Not even their 800 number is user friendly. Keep your voucher don't plan on traveling with Spirit again. Was told at the airport the plane had broken down not what the pilot said when they finally arrived. Couldn't even offer a complementary drink for all the hassle you had to buy. Low class service."
"I would try to avoid flying Spirit Airlines. You have to pay for carry on you have to pay for checked baggage they want you to pay extra for your seat. They aren't small costs you pay for your flight and then have an extra $100-200 in other fees to pay. This is so frustrating."
"Flight 939 Denver to Phoenix March 28 2014. The 'ol bait and switch. \"Our prices are the best! We undersell our competitors by $20 on average!\" Sounds great right? Then you get an email the week of your trip: \"Pay Only for What You Use!\" Its their pay for your bag policy. Spirit actually charges between $25 and $50 for a carry on bag - depending on how far in advance you purchase. There go those highly touted savings. Good luck to you if you're one of those poor souls who doesn't see this before getting to the gate. Spirit's website lists that \"modest fee\" as $100 per bag per passenger. I didn't fully appreciate how good I had it with United and Frontier prior to this experience."
"O'Hare to LAX didn't realize all the extra charges for bags seating etc. Flight was miserable. Ended up flying back with Virgin America instead."
"I travelled to El Salvador in South America 10 days ago. When returning to NYC my first flight was delayed and that caused me to miss my connecting flight. Their only option was to stay in El Salvador from Sunday that I was supposed to leave all the way to Wednesday! They offer to give me a partial refund but was not even going to cover a fraction of a new last minute ticket! I managed to convince them to put me on stand by for the following connecting flight and after 10hrs delay I was able to be in NYC on Sunday. When we arrived to NYC they called our names and the lady at baggage claim told us our bags could not be delivered. Today is Monday afternoon and I still do not know where my bags are."
"A disaster. Flight delayed 1.5 hours out and 7 hours back. Gate did not work at LaGuardia after we landed 6 hours late and everyone had to stay seated for an extra hour until we were towed to another gate. Then about 30-50 people never got their luggage on a non stop flight from Myrtle Beach to LaGuardia! No one to talk to when you call for baggage voicemail tells you to call airport. Airport says call Spirit."
"My husband and I booked a last-minute trip on Spirit when we had two previously planned trips cancelled due to Noreaster snow storms. Beginning with check-in there was no rhyme or reason to the process. A Spirit Airlines employee was randomly pulling the queue elastics this way and that to create new lines. Individuals began pushing in front of others in an attempt to get to the counter. In reading other reviews it appears that there are random luggage (poundage) limits at different times and locations. Some mentioned 45 some 50 (what most of us expect). In Baltimore it was 40 pounds. An extra $105! Coming back it was $50 for the same weight. Flight times offered for our route were very inconvenient and limited. Many reviews speak of rude employees. Our \"attendants\" were not rude. They did however appear that they showed up to work in whatever they had on at the moment. I cannot state how unprofessional this operation is. You will end up paying more for an incredibly inferior product. In return you will have seats offering literally no room to move zero ability to recline your seat back no complimentary beverage (including water) and a distinct lack of professionalism and standards."
"Please ensure you understand all baggage policies and fees prior to booking with Spirit. While this airline markets good prices for tickets you definitely end up paying more on the back end. Not worth the hassle on the extra fees and the poor customer service. One example we experienced was the delayed landing into Ft. Lauderdale due to fog. I understand and respect the fact we could not land and had to fly to Ft. Myers FL until we got clearance. However I was appalled by the fact Spirit had to re-fuel in Ft. Myers. On top of that they did not even offer complimentary water during the entire 3.5 hr delay while we were on flight. This is just to name one incident. There are more but too many to list in this review. All I can say is you should consider another airline as you will end up paying the same amount considering their \"extra baggage fees\" check-in hassle and poor customer service."
"Their \"Fast Bag Drop\" at MSP took longer than most normal check-ins at a regular airline and at LAX we had a line of over 100 people as they were having computer issues and the employee's stated it was a common occurrence. Once in the plane the seat arrangements are uncomfortable and unsafe for passengers and crew. Every passenger over 5'8\" had to straddle the seat in front of them and everyone on the aisle row had their leg in the aisle as you could not sit in your seat with your feet in front of you. Your knees would pushed up against the metal seat frame in front of you. When we landed at LAX and the pilot hit the brakes a bit hard to make a turnoff myself and three others around me all jammed our knees into the metal frames. When I said something to the flight attendant they stated it was a common occurrence and apologized for the seats being so close."
"From ORD on March 21 to Las Vegas returning 3/25/14. Some of the time on our flights the staff were great but on the return flight the staff patronized everyone on the plane. I have not been a child for over 20 years I have never been told that if you need to use lavatory on an airplane that one needs to wait in their seat until no one is in the lavatory because we are not allowed to congregate. If you want to get screwed by hidden fees delayed flights and not even a glass of complementary water go to Spirit. I have traveled a lot via planes and now I realize that saving $30.00 in the beginning is a gimmick. I have never checked in a bag that only allowed 40lbs and charged $50.00 to check it in I think $1.25 a pound is a little extreme. I am glad that I had a heads up about the fees but many foreigners on this airline were being charged $100.00 because they did not understand these crazy fees. The only explanation they were given was its on our website."
"My husband and I flew from Phoenix AZ to Dallas TX on Spirit Airlines. We purchased 2 one way tickets separately leaving from Phoenix then returning from Dallas back to Phoenix. It was cheaper this way. The tickets in total were $336 which was great but paid another $66 going for a checked bag and seat assignments. Returning was even worse! This time 1 carry on $45 and 1 checked bag $35. Then when we got to the airport it was another $25 for the checked bag so in total $110 for bags. So in total for this trip it cost $512. I advise anyone to steer clear of this airline due to all of the extra charges. Low airfares yes however they make up for it in so many other ways. The leg room was horrible and the seats don't recline at all. It was an extremely unpleasant flight."
"My daughter and 3 friends flew to Ft Lauderdale last week. This is the worst airline out there! Flight delayed then diverted (I called for update on flight and was told flight didn't even take off and passengers were put on JetBlue to arrive the next day! Flight was in Atlantic City refuelling). They nickel and dime you for everything even water seats tOo close to each other flight attendants are obviously not paid well because they were miserable! I don't care how cheap they are I would never use again."
"I flew from Detroit to Vegas last week. I arrived to check in and there were 50 in line and two people working. There was one kios machine that wasn't working. I couldn't believe all the hidden fees especially the cost for a carry on bag or if you don't have a boarding pass. They also charge you for drinks. There was a CBS special on Sunday morning showing how terrible as far as hidden costs and no leg room this airline is and how they squeeze 30 extra seats on the plane. No wonder they are trying to limit the weight of bags to help save on fuel because there are 30 extra people on board the flights! Never again will I fly Spirit. I'd rather spend the money up front get more leg room and drinks. I don't like the failure to be up front about costs."
"I will not be foolish enough to use this airline again. Make sure to read the small print about carry on luggage. I have a very small carry on roller that they would not let me carry on even though it was under weight and would have fit easily in the overhead. They claimed that it would not because the Airbus 319 did not have big enough overhead bins and it would not fit under the seat - I had to pay an extra $45 each way to bring my bag - which far surpassed the savings. Add to that the unhelpful and slightly rude check in crew and you end up with a less than desirable experience."
"March 20 2014. I paid $491 rt from LAX to Fort Lauderdale plus a $100 for my tiny carry on plus $32 for the seats - total $629. I have never flown this airline before and never will again! Horrible customer service cramped seats no radio or TV smelly and the dirtiest bathrooms I have used! I will never recommend or fly this airline!"
"Flew from Chicago to Ft Lauderdale 3/17/14. Horrible service. $190 to check our bag plus $25 for 8# overage. Very rude staff at airport. They didn't help with anything! Nothing complimentary on this flight. I will never fly with them again."
"Flight #428 TPA-MSP March 23rd 2014. The worst flying experience I have had. Departure was delayed 5 hrs into the wee hours of the morning I had to call my family 4 times when departure kept being changed. I can truly say that I will never fly Spirit again."
"Family had tickets to fly from Latrobe PA to Orlando on Mar 22 2014 - was told to arrive at airport 2 hrs early. flight was to leave at 5.50pm. Around the time when passengers should have boarded the plane they announced the plane was delayed due to hitting a bird on the way in to PA. Was told the plane would leave around 8pm. Needless to say had to stay at a hotel until the next morning was told to arrive at 6am plane was scheduled to leave at 8am - this never happened. Plane left at 1pm. Family had to cancel trip since they could not arrive in Orlando port in time. They are rude and do not communicate to their passengers when they do communicate it is all lies. Never fly this airlines - the small discount in price is not worth all the headaches you will experience with Spirit!"
"I have used many airlines but Spirit is the worst one of all. They charge you for both carry-on and check-in bags. I understand check-in bags but charging for carry-on? Carry-on is more expensive than check in. I ended up spending $80 just to check in my bag round trip. Only reason I chose spirit was because their tickets were cheap but in the end it caused far more inconvenience for the same price. I did not make the flight and I ended up having to stay at the Arizona sky harbor airport for over 10 hours extra. I called customer service line and all they kept saying was that they can't do anything over the phone and I have to talk to the gate agent. Needless to say I will not be flying Spirit again."
"I will never fly Spirit Airlines again. They slap on ridiculous fees for everything - including (1) fees for checked bags and carry-on bags (2) fees for the option to select your seat and (3) $3 for even water! I am 6'5\" and generally have no problem fitting in airline seats but was not even able to fit into the seats on Spirit Airlines. Most cramped I've ever been. When I called Spirit trying to ask questions their phone service was horrendous and I couldn't even talk to a real person!"
"After 7 hours of delays canceled flight rescheduled flight for following morning 6 hours of delays - zero explanation and horrendous customer service."
"It was unbelievable that you didn't even get a drink or snack for a 5 hour flight! Also a fee for a seat? To really top it off the two seats directly in front of me were broken and pushed forward with caution-like tape wrapped all around them! I've never seen anything like it. This left me unable to get a drink if I wanted because I had no tray to place it on. What blew me away was there was no apology or explanation about the seats and no complimentary offers due to the major inconvenience. The flight attendants acted like there was nothing abnormal at all! I will be sure to tell everyone not to fly this airline."
"We had the displeasure of being on the March 7th flight departing from Plattsburg New York heading for Fort Lauderdale (flight #451). Flight was delayed until the next day. They told us to come back at 8am by that time we checked in and went through security to find out that the flight had been delayed again. They only offered to refund us but as per their’Contract of Carriage we were more that 2 hours delayed this implies that someone should of offered us re-accommodation or rebook us on another flight. This was never offered."
"Picked Spirit because they offered the cheapest price for my flight. However you don't get to all the hidden fees until it's too late! I spent nearly the same amount of money paying for fees like carry-on fees fees to pick a seat and then water isn't even complimentary inflight. In the end I'd rather fly with a better airline if the price is the same. Not choosing spirit for future travels. Not recommended unless you are traveling with just a personal bag not an actual carry-on luggage. Unbelievable. What was supposed to be an affordable flight turned into a bait and switch situation. I'd rather pay full price than be deceived. Do not pick seats in row 10 as they do not recline."
"Picked Spirit because they offered the cheapest price for my flight. However you don't get to all the hidden fees until it's too late! I spent nearly the same amount of money paying for fees like carry-on fees fees to pick a seat and then water isn't even complimentary inflight. In the end I'd rather fly with a better airline if the price is the same. Not choosing spirit for future travels. Not recommended unless you are traveling with just a personal bag not an actual carry-on luggage. Unbelievable. What was supposed to be an affordable flight turned into a bait and switch situation. I'd rather pay full price than be deceived. Do not pick seats in row 10 as they do not recline."
"March 13 flight 245 from Chicago to Las Vegas return on March 17 flight 446. Worst airline of all time. Cheap tickets? They charged for bags (carry on or checked) charged for seats charged for coffee on the plane. I was told to sit for my wheelchair request getting to the plane when it was in final boarding! I'd still be sitting there if I hadn't asked again for assistance. Staff seemed completely uninterested in passengers at the airport. Never again."
"Well I have to say we have traveled spirit since the beginning out of Atlantic city to West Palm Florida. Each flight may have had some delays but overall its a very good airline. I have to remember what the owner said in an interview you don't to McDonalds for a steak. They get me from place to place safely and get me on the ground. Overall the flight crew are great."
"My husband and I had a flight last week back to Houston TX from LA. We were about to leave for the airport when my husband got a notification not from spirit airlines that our flight was delayed. When we were on our way to the airport for the second time he decided to check again to see what our flight status was and it was cancelled. We did not receive an email from spirit indicating that our flight was cancelled. By far the worst airline! This was the first time we have taken this airline and will be the last time we do so. The flight tickets maybe cheap but it is not worth it in the end."
"We booked a trip to Vegas for our son's 21st birthday when we called to check our flight it was delayed before we even left home. Arrived at the airport and was told the flight was delayed again from 9.30 to 11.30 however then the flight was delayed again to 12.15 and then to 1.30pm and then we got the great news that our flight was cancelled along with two other flights. Never has this happened in all my years of traveling they had no other flight to book us on until after our trip dates were over! We will not book with this airline again as it ruined our vacation and they were not helpful at all or concerned."
"Flew out of BWI on March 6 2014 flight #301. I returned on flight #410 on March 10 2014 from Fort Lauderdale back to BWI. My experience with Spirit Airlines was by far the most unrealistic unbelievable flight I have ever had. They advertise that Spirit has the lowest fares but in essence they do not for the following reasons: 1) You charge $45 to take on a carry-on if done so online $50 at the airport counter $100 if the attendant at the gate says your carry-on is not deemed to be a carry-on. 2) $40 to check if done so online. 3) $2.00 for water on the flight and on and on. I was allowed a bag with a hat from BWI to Fort Lauderdale and on my return with this same bag I had to pay $50 because the attendant said I only could have my purse which was not a large purse. When I told her that I came down with the same bag she responded in an unprofessional manner and said well here you will pay. I will never fly with Spirit again."
"Flight 470 from SAN-LAS on 3/16/14. Spirit Airlines is the worst in this industry from paying for a seat to paying for a carry on bag my first experience was my worst experience. I'll never travel on this airline again I'd pay us airways high fares doubled before Spirit gets another dime of my hard earned money."
"3/16/14 Flight 971 FLL-DFW. worst domestic carrier - apparently a well known fact. Nickle and dime you to death or at least extreme aggravation. Ended up paying nearly as much as I would have on another airline for much worse service. Never fly this airline! Was in one of the big seats up front so seat ok. Pity the suckers in back."
"3/16/14 Flight 971 FLL-DFW. worst domestic carrier - apparently a well known fact. Nickle and dime you to death or at least extreme aggravation. Ended up paying nearly as much as I would have on another airline for much worse service. Never fly this airline! Was in one of the big seats up front so seat ok. Pity the suckers in back."
"We flew Spirit over the first week of March 2014 having picked it as an affordable way to get down to Miami from Montreal for a cruise. Our flights (both departing and returning) were delayed by at least an hour. The seats did not recline. I understand that this is a no frills airline but seriously? If you offer red-eye flights or flights at all at least giving your clients a comfortable place to sit/sleep should come free with the purchase of a plane ticket. Staff were very rude. Somehow each of our bags gained between 4 and 5 pounds between us weighing them at the door of the airport with our own scale at the scale sitting at the entrance to the quick bag check in line and the actual quick bag check in counter. Our carefully distributed bags ended up costing us an extra 25$. Needless to say we'll never be flying Spirit ever again."
"My fiancé booked a surprise package deal for our honeymoon that included airfares on Spirit. There are some clear cut pros and cons with this airline. The good: Cheap fares new planes and assigned seating. The actual airfare you'll pay is cheap however there are other fees to be found. More on that in the bad. The planes appeared to be modern and new. We enjoyed plenty of leg room and a clean bathroom. Having assigned seating takes a little pressure off boarding as well. The bad: At the best unhelpful at the worst rude employees and staff. Excessive baggage fares. When my husband and I checked in 1 hr 10 mins early we were told we were late and had late arrival written all over our boarding passes and luggage. Spirit boards 1 hour before scheduled departure. The baggage fees will take you by surprise if you don't do your research. I also take issue with our FAs insulting attitude in our return flight from Cancun. Yes it's spring break and we're coming from Cancun but announcing on the loud speaker \"It sure is quiet in here. Nobody's talking but the babies because they're hungover.\" Would I fly Spirit again? Probably but only after a careful cost comparison against other airlines."
"Worst airline I've experienced. Flying Vegas to Houston we had a 12 hour delay due to a \"cracked windshield\". Instead of having another plane available they had to fly in a new windshield from another city and put it on. They waited until boarding time to break the news. They also changed our departure gate several times. They charge for both carry-on and checked bags. They charge you to check-in. Terrible customer service. No complimentary snacks or refreshments provided. Overall a terrible experience. Never again."
"We chose Spirit because it was the \"cheapest\". They charge you for baggage and believe it or not a carry-on is actually more expensive ($45/bag) than checked luggage. $45 is actually the discounted rate because I pre-paid. In order to ensure my family sat together we needed to pay for each seat - for each leg of the flight. I had to pay for 12 seats for one round-trip flight for a family of 3 at a cost of nearly $200. In addition most airlines do not charge for a child younger than two years that sits on her mother's lap. Surprise! Spirit charges. Onboard forget about a complimentary glass of water everything must be purchased. We never had one flight depart as scheduled. Out of the 4 individual flights in this trip two were cancelled after multiple delays and the ones that weren't cancelled were significantly delayed. As a result of the cancelled flights the seats I purchased for my family were not the ones provided to us. On one of these return flights I had intentionally placed one member of the family 10 rows behind the rest of us so that he could sleep without being disturbed by our baby that was with us. As a result of the cancelled flight we were placed all together on a much later flight. Needless to say there was no sleeping with a very exhausted baby at that point. When our flight finally arrived the Spirit desk was closed so I called them the following business day to request a refund for the seats that were purchased but not provided. I was told that there would be no refunds because we were provided seats and we accepted them."
"Atlantic City NJ to Tampa Florida 3/6/2014 and Tampa Florida to Atlantic City NJ 3/13/2014. Spirit should change their name to \"Cattle Call Airline\" with \"I don't really care about you\" employees. By far the worst travel experience of my life. Tickets are not cheap (like they say they are) after adding all the extras. Terminal staff are arrogant and inflexible in-flight staff have a bad attitude and treat passengers as \"sardines\". Passengers are packed into in-movable seats that even a normal size person would be uncomfortable in. Come- on Spirit."
"March 9 flight 511 Detroit to Las Vegas. Attendant mumbled very quickly through the safety instructions. Could not understand anything. They did not once come down the aisle to ask if we wanted to purchase anything. Bad enough a 4 hr flight and not even a glass of water but not invited to buy one either. On our flight home they asked if we wanted to buy something at least. They could not manage getting a passenger off the plane minutes before take off and so the pilot was in the back of the plane dealing with that instead of preparing for flight! Throughout flight attendants talked very unprofessionally amongst themselves while seated at the front eating. At one point people were waiting for the restroom in the aisle so 2 of them argued who would tell them to sit down to wait. Finally one stuck her head over and drawled that we should go sit down. Final straw was such a loud and rattling landing that the oxygen masks fell down for the seat across from me. Attendants didn't seem to care. Passengers were horrified. Also be aware that the airport luggage scale in Las Vegas airport weighs luggage one pound less than the Spirit scale when you check your luggage in. The grumpy woman at check in said she is aware of the problem so charges you $25 for extra pound. She didn't understand that customers are not aware of the problem and we are the ones impacted! I explained this to her and she couldn't have cared less."
"First time flying this airline and never again. We could not believe what happened on our return flight back from Chicago to DFW. Flight delayed 3 hours. We kept track of delayed postings and arrived 1.5 hours before the flight departure time. However we did not check in online beforehand and upon arrival to the airport we were denied boarding because the agent said we needed to check in 45 minutes before original scheduled departure time not the delayed time. The agent would not give us a boarding pass and told us the first available flight was in 6 days. That was completely unacceptable for us. We ended up having to purchase a flight from another airline to return home. Obviously they filled our seats with other passengers to cover up their deficiencies and/or sold us out to someone else who paid more for our seats. We will never fly with Spirit again."
"If you joined Spirit Airlines membership and paid the $59.95 fee and expected to not pay that again you are in for a big surprise on the year anniversary just like I was. They charged my credit card a second time without authorization. Also the one time I booked a flight the plane never arrived in San Diego. Customer service told me to get to the airport because they were certain the plane was on time. I did go in a panic found 1 person from Spirit at their counter found out the flight was not coming and I immediately demanded a refund which I received on the spot. Luckily I was able to book an early morning flight with Southwest to get to Portland. Never again!"
"Bought 3 round-trip tickets. Flights were delayed up to 3.5 hours one way and 2 the other way. Switched the gates on us 6 times. Staff unfriendly and rude. Inflight crew rude and obnoxious to passengers. No apology given and got bounced around to different departments. Each department accepted no responsibility. My time is more valuable then $25 when I had to wait multiple hours deal with miscommunication and nasty staff. Finally they tried to give me a $25 voucher for my complaint. Worst service I have ever experienced."
"Bought 3 round-trip tickets. Flights were delayed up to 3.5 hours one way and 2 the other way. Switched the gates on us 6 times. Staff unfriendly and rude. Inflight crew rude and obnoxious to passengers. No apology given and got bounced around to different departments. Each department accepted no responsibility. My time is more valuable then $25 when I had to wait multiple hours deal with miscommunication and nasty staff. Finally they tried to give me a $25 voucher for my complaint. Worst service I have ever experienced."
"BWI-LAS 3/12/14 Flight #695. LAS-BWI 3/15/14 Flight #696. I will never fly with Spirit again! They charged me for checked baggage. They charged me for my 1 carry on item! No other airline that I've flown with charged me for a single carry on item it's part of the price of the ticket. My wife and I were traveling together and in order to be sure that we were seated together I had to pay for the seat assignments. No other airline does that if there are two available seats together. You get them as a part of the service! If you don't print your boarding pass before arriving at the airport they charge you $10 per passenger to print the boarding pass for you in the airport. But here's the catch: you can't print the boarding pass until 24 hours before your flight. So we were unable to print our return flight boarding passes because we had no access to a printer while in our destination city and so had to pay the $20 to get two boarding passes printed at the airport. If I have not as yet made completely clear my opinion of Spirit let me take a moment to do so now: It is a very clever combination of tricks and well designed misdirection to make you believe that you are getting a better overall deal than with a real airline. Under no circumstances will I fly with Spirit again."
"I have flown Spirit several times. For a very small fee from Dallas to Oakland CA. At the low cost of $100 round trip. I can say that the planes are not too clean at all. I read the small print I don't pay for any extra's but my luggage. Some people complain about paying for luggage but most of the other airlines charge as well. I just flew on United air two days ago and my flight was delayed and the ticket was very high just to go to Oakland. Key point cheap ticket pay for luggage expensive ticket luggage added in to ticket price on the under. At any rate fly Spirit you get what you pay for. I give Spirit a small ok rating."
"8 Mar 2014 FLL-DTW. This is the first and last time I will fly Spirit Airlines the nickel and dime costs add up. I had a carry on bag that because of the wheels on it was 1.5 inches too long and I was charged an extra $50 to bring it on board with me. This is after we were charged an extra $75 because our check in luggage was just a few pounds overweight of the 40 lbs allowed. There was total chaos at the check in counter and staff had no desire nor clue on how to make for an easier way to assist anyone. I will gladly pay more money on another airline before these crooks get anymore of my hard earned cash. If you are flying by yourself with nothing more than a backpack this is the airline for you."
"I can just simply say that their airplanes as well as their gates are simply the filthiest of all airlines in the US. My Flight was from FLL to LAS flight # 777. Their seats were all torn and smelt. They had a menu full of items but the only thing available was ice not even water. Staff were awful rude and not courteous at all!"
"Spirit is undoubtedly the worst airline in the U.S. Don't be fooled by their low fares. I booked a round trip flight from Orlando to Ft. Lauderdale. What started off as $30 one way - $60 round trip ended up costing $335.98. I had to make a change to my flight and got charged $139. Add the seat fees and baggage fees and there is no value. On top of that the attitudes of the staff that you can hardly understand. I have not flown this flight but when I do I will update the operational experience."
"Bad all-around experience on our return flight from St. Thomas to BWI. Plane was late arriving and they pushed back the departure time by 1/2 hour. We got worried because our layover was only an hour in Ft. Lauderdale for our connecting flight to Baltimore. However the gate agent assured us that we would make our connections. After boarding we sat for another 1/2 hour while they worked out issues with the plane. Finally departed more than an hour behind schedule. Flight landed 7 minutes before our connecting flight departed. I could not get any information from the flight attendants nor could anyone at Spirit customer service try to contact someone in the airport to hold the flight to Baltimore for a few more minutes. We missed our flight and had to rebook a flight for the following morning. They also will not work with other airlines to get you on one of their flights. On top of that they charge you for everything they can think of (choosing seats checked bags carry-on bags overweight bags food checking in at the airport). This is the one airline I've ever flown that I would never recommend to anyone even if it was hundreds cheaper for a ticket."
"FLL to San Jose Costa Rica - flight boarded late and after 30 minutes on the plane we were told we had to deplane again. We boarded an hour later and arrived at destination at 3 am. No way to get anywhere at that time - had to wait until 7.00 am to catch a shuttle to my final destination."
"I will never fly Spirit again. 15 hours waiting in the airport because they were short staffed absolutely unacceptable. Worst fight ever. Never again!"
"I was so sceptical of this airline after so many bad reviews but had no choice as I needed a quick reasonable flight to Vegas from Houston. Left 3-1 got to the airport 1 hour 15 mins early. I recommend 1.5 hrs. Staff were friendly and flight left on time. Yes plane seats are tight and the plane was not the prettiest but the flight was smooth and we arrived 10 minutes early. Got bags within 15 minutes of landing and was out of the door. They do nickle and dime you if you let them. We printed our boarding passes at home - no charge paid the lowest fee for bags online in advance $30 for checked ate breakfast before we left and brought a couple of snacks on the plane and did not pay for any of their snacks or drinks. Flight attendants were courteous. My ticket with checked luggage was $107 one way. I already had tix returning on SW so I can only speak to the outbound flight. Do not pick your own seats unless you have small kids other than that you will sit together or people are happy to move around for parties to sit together. Remember no bags over 40 pounds or you pay so pack lightly."
"O'Hare to Cancun on Feb 22nd with a connecting flight in Ft. Lauderdale. ORD to FLL flight went smooth. Yes cramped and paid $3 for a drink but ok. FLL to CUN - bad! Right before boarding started one flight attendant was taken and put on another flight. A 3 hour wait for a new attendant. After finally boarding we had to wait because two passengers changed their mind and didn't want to go to Cancun. We had to wait until their luggage was off the plane before when could take off. The least they could have done was give us a free drink for all the waiting we did! Flight home was just delay after delay gate changes and just made for a very long flight home. After adding all the costs a direct flight with a different carrier would have been better."
"I paid an additional $100 on departure and $40 on the return. I read the rules and attempted to interface with the website! I cannot find one positive review. Unfortunately my wife and I elected to participate in a \"Mystery Deal\" and drew Spirit. Had we known it was Spirit in advance we would have passed. Spirit really is the Greyhound Bus of the sky. If one voluntarily books a flight on Spirit Airlines he/she is a glutton for punishment or has very low expectations."
"Worst airline service I have had. Their own flight delays forced me to miss connections (their own connections). I had to stay overnight at a hotel in FLL at my own cost. A group of 10-15 dissatisfied customers went up to the supervisor to ask for help or some coverage of hotel fees and he said there was nothing he could do. Staff at the gates in LGA and FLL and flight attendants were very unfriendly and some were even rude."
"Flew to Vegas with my family (10 of us) it was my first time flying with Spirit I was always used to a 50 lb limit on our checked bag but with Spirit it was 40 so that was $50 bucks each way not including the $30 each way for the checked bag to begin with. $10 for each reserved seat so I could sit with my husband which I had to upgrade coming home to $18 a seat because on the way there we were so cramped our knees were literally touching the seat in front on us for 5.5 hours. I have never been so uncomfortable on a plane. Then when I asked for a water the flight attendant told me it was $3 and they do not accept cash. My tickets were roughly $650 after all the up charges it came to about $866. I will never fly this airline again."
"I am not sure how this airline stays in business except for people like me who have never flown with them before - I booked my trip at the last minute to see my first grand child. I went through Kayak who promotes them greatly. The fare was very good and I have flown SW Airlines and understand the cheap airlines. In total my flights were over 5 hours delayed - cheap and you get what you pay for!"
"GUA to FLL. Our flight was delayed 2 hours with no explanation. When we did finally board we were delayed yet another hour because there was a tray table that out of order. They brought on a \"mechanic\" who began wrapping packing tape around the seat to secure the tray table. When that didn't work he began trying to screw the table into the attached seat to the dismay of passengers. Most alarming was that the lavatory was out of order so the flight staff announced we should use the airport restrooms before we boarded. Turns out there was one lavatory working but there was no toilet paper! The seats were filthy and old and there were crumbs and dirty piles on the floor. Water costs $3 a glass. Overall this was one of the worst experiences of my adult life."
"Was supposed to fly back from Los Cabos to Dallas yesterday. Arrived 3 hours early (noon). Was told upon check in that flight was delayed 2 hours and we would be leaving about 5pm. Mechanical problems. Hours go by. They change gates but don't tell any of the customers. We noticed it on the board. Finally about 5pm Spirit personnel are at the gate told delay is now 8pm. Then 10 minutes later they announce plane will be there in 10 minutes and we will board in about 25 minutes. Unfortunately there were about 5 couples who left probably to get drinks or whatever. We sat in the plane almost 2 hours waiting for these people to return. I'm not picky I know things happen I am not hard to please but this is truly the most awful airline experience ever."
"GUA to FLL. Our flight was delayed 2 hours with no explanation. When we did finally board we were delayed yet another hour because there was a tray table that out of order. They brought on a \"mechanic\" who began wrapping packing tape around the seat to secure the tray table. When that didn't work he began trying to screw the table into the attached seat to the dismay of passengers. Most alarming was that the lavatory was out of order so the flight staff announced we should use the airport restrooms before we boarded. Turns out there was one lavatory working but there was no toilet paper! The seats were filthy and old and there were crumbs and dirty piles on the floor. Water costs $3 a glass. Overall this was one of the worst experiences of my adult life."
"Was supposed to fly back from Los Cabos to Dallas yesterday. Arrived 3 hours early (noon). Was told upon check in that flight was delayed 2 hours and we would be leaving about 5pm. Mechanical problems. Hours go by. They change gates but don't tell any of the customers. We noticed it on the board. Finally about 5pm Spirit personnel are at the gate told delay is now 8pm. Then 10 minutes later they announce plane will be there in 10 minutes and we will board in about 25 minutes. Unfortunately there were about 5 couples who left probably to get drinks or whatever. We sat in the plane almost 2 hours waiting for these people to return. I'm not picky I know things happen I am not hard to please but this is truly the most awful airline experience ever."
"The flight attendants are rude and not courteous at all. They said on both flights that their credit card machines were broken and only accepted cash for drinks. I am 5'7\" tall and my knees were almost touching the seat in front of me I feel bad for anyone taller! This is the worst airline I have used and will never use them again. The planes are old. I rode in the big seats on the way to my vacation and they are old and look like they never get cleaned. Pay the extra money and use a different airline!"
"Feb 15 2014 I flew from ORD to LAX. The flight was the first one of the day. After 5 hours delay we boarded the plane and were told that a credit of $100 was going to be issued to us for a future reservation. I never received anything. I called Spirit and asked for the voucher number. Now the amount is $50! The customer service told me to call the airport and complain to them because the airport is responsible for issuing those vouchers. The customer service is terrible. Never again unless I really have no choice I rather spend more money than use Spirit again."
"Most of the other reviews spoke about extra fees and late flights - which we also experienced in our flights from FLL to/from Montego Bay Jamaica. Our biggest complaints are about the poor quality of the flight attendants. On the flight down after everyone was all settled into their seats suddenly a passenger was told to move to the middle seat between myself and another passenger even though plenty of empty aisle seats were available nearby. When I asked why he couldn't take 1 of those seats we were told by a rude flight attendant \"those aren't zone 1 he needs to sit there to balance the weight - and we're all waiting for you to move so he can sit there and get the flight moving\". Later on the same flight my wife asked the attendant what the flight number was (in order to complete immigration form) and the response was \"it's on your boarding pass\" - even the passengers nearby commented on the rudeness. On the return flight today as we were boarding our flight a passenger was putting his bags right over our bulkhead seats - when my wife asked him if he could move them down a row as we needed to put all of bags in the overhead bin - he pointed to the 2 rows of crew bags on his side and asked the crew if it was ok to put his bags where he did - the crew response was \"you can put your bags anywhere she doesn't have a right to ask you to move them\". Their response was catty and unprofessional. We paid extra for the front seats but with the crew bags blocking the bins the benefit of being up there was minimized. To make matters worse the crew allowed a passenger to board without a proper passport and sloppily went through the safety checks during the flight. As for us we will never fly Spirit again the low fares are a mirage after the additional fees are factored in and the horrible customer experience we had on both flights was appalling."
"Did all my homework knew the rules about additional charges figured all the whiners just had not understood how Spirit Airlines operates. So after my wife and I spent hours shopping to find a bag that fits well within the 12x14x16 dimensions identified on their website for the free carry-on they charged her $100 that we can ill afford at check-in this morning. You're trapped there at check-in because you have to fly and they nail you with the punitive at-the-gate check-in charge even though you are in compliance. They make it just about impossible to reach a live human being. I don't care how inexpensive they are. This really feels like they are being intentionally deceptive."
"Worst customer service! I clicked checked bag instead of carry on when buying my flight and they charged me an additions $70 at the gate on top of the $30 I had already paid. They told me that was the only other option was to not get on the flight. I will never fly this airline again."
"I booked two flights from Phoenix to Cancun. On the flight back from Cancun to Phoenix we had a connecting flight in Florida. There was no weather issues but the plane arrived an hour late in picking us up from Cancun. By the time we arrived in Florida their connecting flight had already left. We went to the Spirit customer service desk and were told they couldn't get us another flight home for additional 3 days! Even though it was the airlines fault that they missed their connecting flight they refused to pay for any hotel expenses. Just like any other person we couldn't wait another 3 days to go home because we had to work. We ended up paying $200 for the hotel expenses and $600 to get a flight home from another company. The airport lobby was completely full of upset customers in the same scenario because of Spirit's bad customer service. The customer service agents were so obnoxious and could care less about what was going on. I will never fly with them again."
"Spirit cancelled my daughter's flight from Orlando to Vegas. #3 planes had \"mechanical difficulties\". They gave her a flight the next day at noon. Got there and the ticket said the flight was for 11.15 take off. they didn't take off until 11.54. she is laying over in Houston for 10 hours with 2 little girls and her dog. I tried to get them to give her a flight on another airline and got a run around and one person pointing the finger at the other. Beware you get what you pay for and they are the lowest in every sense of the word."
"Flight from Atlantic City to Ft Lauderdale was fine. Coming home was a completely different story. We arrived at the airport 6 hours prior to our flight because we were returning from a cruise ship. The airport was a total nightmare. I had to print our boarding passes at the kiosk but at 8.50am it showed my 2.50pm flight was already delayed until 4.36pm. No real reason since there was no weather between Florida and New Jersey. Then we had to get in the \"fast bag drop\" lane and wait 45 minutes. I think they need to reread the dictionary to determine the meaning of fast. The entire time we were waiting for our flight the boards at the airport continued to show our flight was \"on time.\" They cancelled another flight and didn't update that one either. We were leaving out of the same gate and around take off time I saw multiple people for the cancelled flight going up wondering what was going on with their flight. Yet their website was updated. So why the lack of communication with the airport? We were getting ready to board and of course they're oversold and need 2 volunteers fast forward a few minutes and we're on the plane and \"boarding is complete.\" Then a flight attendant comes on and says they need one person to give up their seat. 20 minutes later and after the passengers are all getting antsy a different one comes on and says they need someone to give up their seat. Some good Samaritan finally gives up her seat it was ridiculous that we were held hostage so some woman could get a seat that was rightfully someone else's. Never again."
"Spirit cancelled my daughter's flight from Orlando to Vegas. #3 planes had \"mechanical difficulties\". They gave her a flight the next day at noon. Got there and the ticket said the flight was for 11.15 take off. they didn't take off until 11.54. she is laying over in Houston for 10 hours with 2 little girls and her dog. I tried to get them to give her a flight on another airline and got a run around and one person pointing the finger at the other. Beware you get what you pay for and they are the lowest in every sense of the word."
"If you are unfortunate enough to possess a future ticket with this airline good luck actually getting in the air. This is my first and last trip on this airline. My first flight to my destination was 2 hours late. My return home flight was grounded due to an error in maintenance records. This airline do not have a fleet large enough to supply replacement equipment. My flight out of DFW at 3.39pm is the last flight of the day to Orlando. By the time you pay their fees to get a seat and carry on a bag to sit in a cramped seat that doesn't even recline you will spend the same amount on a reputable airline and actually reach your destination."
"Do not use this airline. We did because we thought it was cheaper. Not so! Not only do they charge for checked bags they charge for carry on as well. Also if you do check in online. When we boarded we found French fries and other food matter on our seat and on the floor. he plane was filthy. As soon as the doors were closed we were told there was no running water on board. The toilets did not flush because of this. You can imagine the stench. They put coffee bags taped to the restroom wall to help with the smell. Really? Furthermore no free anything. We paid for soda couldn't get coffee or tea (no water) and the flight attendants were all inexperienced."
"Planning an evening flight to Las Vegas our intention was to sleep for the majority of the 5 hr and 45 min flight. That didn't happen. The party plane was in full swing from the moment they closed the door halfway through they reported that they had run out of alcohol. Needless to say the small seats were that much smaller when everyone around you is drunk. Fast forward to our flight home this flight (from Las Vegas to Philly) was cancelled due to weather. After booking another night at our hotel we learned that they had put us on a flight leaving in a few short hours. The final kicker was when we realized there was no flight from Las Vegas to Philly showing at either airport. All in all it was a major hassle and then the flight home was packed tighter than the flight there. Never again will I fly Spirit."
"Flight from Philadelphia to Las Vegas. Worst 5 hours I have experienced. It was dirty claustrophobic and they had the nerve to charge for a carry-on. My first and last time flying with this airline."
"Spirit is the worst airline I have flown. I wouldn't recommend this airline to my worst enemy. The fare was low but with all the extra costs along the way (which is pretty much everything) we would have been better off buying a more expensive ticket on a better airline. There are no complimentary drinks or snacks and the seats do not recline. The flight was delayed an hour and our baggage took way too long to come out causing us to miss our bus home. Will never fly Spirit again."
"Thought I got a good deal on tickets until I paid for luggage! One average size suitcase and one carryon cost nearly the same as the ticket. Total deception and run around on pricing. I will never fly with them again."
"Round trip on Spirit with one-way duration of 3 hours. The reason I chose Spirit Airline was price. On the outbound trip I had to pay $45 because my suitcase was 0.5 inch wider than their measurement. This suitcase has been used all the time for carry-on baggage with many different airlines never with any problems. Once on board the flight attendants one male and one female never smiled. Neither did they provide a single complimentary drink not even tap water for 3+ hours. They simply force you to buy their merchandise. Before the end of the trip the do-not-know-how-to-smile male attendant made three announcements to urge travelers to sign up Spirit credit card and how many benefits you would get with those cards all within half an hour. On my return trip things get worse. Though I gave away my half-an-inch-larger suitcase to avoid the $45 fee and my stuff in a plastic bag fits well in the free personal item measurement. The Spirit gatekeeper insisted I pay $100 for my things by calling out to close the gate - he knows perfectly well the mentality of a weary traveler and he hits them right on spot. I was the last one there trying to avoid this $100 expenditure out of nowhere. But I don't want to be left behind so I gave in. On board again not a single drop of complimentary water. At least this time the flight attendants smiled. They simply paraded with an empty trash bag to walk back and forth. In summary extra $145 expenditure for nothing complimentary except air and one smile. That is called Spirit - an ironic title."
"I guess you get what you pay for but this is one of the worst airlines I've ever flown. This summer we flew Spirit Airlines from Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach. We get to the airport 2 hours early like they recommend but really there was no rush because the flight was 2 hours late. One of the airport workers at Philadelphia said she wasn't surprised Spirit is always late. So finally after 2 hours of waiting the plane gets to Philadelphia and after unloading passengers we board. The seats were tiny vinyl narrow non-reclining and claustrophobia inducing. They were dirty along with the seat tray in front of me. Anything extra like drinks cost $3 which is a complete rip-off. I'm surprised they didn't charge you to go to the bathroom too I mean they charge you for every other ridiculous thing. I would never fly with this \"airline company\" again."
"I flew Spirit during the holidays from Chicago to Phoenix. I can appreciate that delays happen especially given the holidays and the winter weather. However how they handled it was horrible. We boarded on time and were asked to immediately turn off our phones half an hour goes by and we are told that we are waiting on the pilot. Another 20 mins and still waiting and now we need to de-ice the plane. An hour has gone by and still waiting for pilot. Another half hour pilot has arrived but now one of the de-ice trucks has broken down. If anyone even looked at our phones to suggest we might turn it on staff would immediately scold us to turn it off. Not one drink was offered for that 2 hour delay. Once we did get in the air they did start cabin service but no complimentary water. To top it all off they did not update their website on our delay and since they would never let us use our phones our loved ones had to wait in confusion at the airport. They are not less expensive. They are charging you for everything so you really are spending the same amount of money as a normal airline as opposed to this \"low fare\" company. It is not worth it. I will never fly Spirit again."
"You get what you pay for! A seat. Not a leather seat a tiny vinyl narrow non-reclining claustrophobia inducing square foot of space. Nothing else. No music movie drinks snacks or food at all unless you want to pay $3 for a can of soda and a cup of ice. The plane departed on time if not early and landed early both to and from Logan (Boston) to Myrtle Beach. I have flown a lot and the landings on both of my flights with Spirit were the best I've experienced remarkable in icy rain conditions returning to Boston late Thursday night. Flight attendants were excellent. Loaded back passengers first middle and then front from Logan which made for smooth and easy process. Attendants were very attentive to passengers with special needs and children. I would recommend Spirit for what it is no frills low fare flying at its best. Bags were at baggage claim incredibly quickly both times!"
"MSP-RSW. No room in seats expected pay for everything surprised I wasn't asked to swipe a card to unlock the bathroom door on the airplane. We got in a 20 mins early thought this was great until we got to baggage claim (forced to check a bag for 40 lbs) it had been well over an hour no announcement for any delay for the first hour. They are blaming it on flights ahead of ours. Not one person on the flight has seen a bag yet. Never again!"
"Flight 231 and 404. Just flew the 2nd leg of my round trip Spirit flight. Again got nabbed with fees for bags and seats. This time we left the gate and had to turn around because of a computer malfunction. 1 hour delay. Will never fly Spirit again."
"Feb 16 2014 I am in Las Vegas stranded. Flight was scheduled for noon. Got here 2 hours early as recommended my flight was delayed due to mechanical issues until 4.41 now looking at 5.41. No email was sent to advise me of the delay. No help at all. I will have been here 8 hours with nobody to help us. They cannot even tell me if the plane is in the sky. Can't wait to see what happens. They have me stuck here and nobody wants to tell me anything or even apologize."
"I initially thought this flight was a steal a full $150 less then competing airlines. Then come the costs for carry on vs a packed bag then there comes a seat charge. On top of that our flight left 1 hour late because of a \"crew rest.\" Ok this is understandable I guess but Spirit should of notified me. Then we waited an extra 30 minutes because a flight attendant was late. The final straw our seats smelt. I thought Delta was the worst airline but Spirit is a strong competitor."
"Flight from Houston to Las Vegas was as bad as it could be. No Service no room and not on time. The only good thing is my bags made the trip."
"Just flew round trip from ORD to RSW and overheads were open and free to use on both flights. $3.00 for a soft drink robbery. No leg room."
"An awful flight experience for me. I flew from Las Vegas to Philadelphia and we were delayed. The announcement explained that the delay was waiting for the flight attendants. I shouldn't complain though because while waiting in the terminal other Spirit airlines flights were being canceled all over the place. When we finally boarded the plane it was pretty dirty. The seats had graffiti everywhere and there was still trash from previous flights scattered all over the place. The flight attendants were obnoxious during the flight they did nothing but sit in their seats and play games on each others phones. Regardless of the money you save by booking with Spirit the bag fees are extremely expensive and you have to pay for everything once inflight. I would recommend eating before boarding. I actually wouldn't even recommend boarding. Almost every flight they had that day was delayed or canceled. And if you have luxury of needing to speak with customer service expect a worst case scenario for your travel arrangements."
"I booked a flight for two to Oakland from Dallas. Fares seemed great. Luckily I read all the fine print as you should too. The fare you pay is a fare. Seats are extra ranging in price up front aisle window etc. Baggage is extra as in most carriers but it will cost you much much more if you don't pay on line as much as $100 at the gate. Print your boarding passes at home if not the is a $10 per convenience fee at the counter. Everything cost on the flight water $3 etc. the flight there was on time but it was the most uncomfortable flight I've ever experienced. Seats don't recline landing it neck strain and headache. Flight back was on an older plane and seat and head rest were much more comfortable. Flight was delayed 7 hours though on line it said 30 minutes. Staff were very friendly."
"I would never recommend Spirit Airlines. My sister's flight from Atlanta to Chicago was delayed in Atlanta. She actually sat on the runway for over an hour while her connecting flight from Ft. Lauderdale left on time. Spirit knew she would miss her connecting flight and still allowed her to go to Ft. Lauderdale. They then only offered to put her on the next flight at 7 am the next morning. If cheap is what you want do yourself a favor take a bus."
"NK 195 Jan 31 2014 from Orlando to Ft. Lauderdale. NK 676 Feb 2 2014 from Fort Lauderdale to Orlando. The leaving and the returning back home was awful. The attendants are rude with attitudes and no respect. The fact that I paid a full ticket price and checked in online to then arrive at the airport and have to pay an extra $50 for each bag and when I requested a window seat I got to sit both ways in a middle seat. In addition the gates were changed and no notification was given throughout the whole process. When all passengers were finally sitting in the plane and ready to leave they kept us for 25 mins sitting on the runway without A/C and no explanation. I will avoid traveling with Spirit unless I have no other choice."
"I flew December 21st to 24th. The flight crew were nice but what I do not like is that they do not give anything to customers like water peanuts or pretzels and Coca Cola. I am a tall person and I was sat next to the aisle it didn't give me enough legroom in my seat. When I was returning from Orlando to Detroit Metro Airport I was dropped off at 5.40 at Orlando security allowed us to come back to the main terminal building because our flight was delayed. I was stuck at the airport for 4 hours. I will never fly them again."
"Fort Lauderdale Las Vegas for $256 ticket paid a total of $510 after seating and carry on! On top of the extra charges you get horrible customer service and delays. Will never fly with Spirit again."
"Oakland to Las Vegas. Price came up at $80/roundtrip ticket inc. taxes. I booked this flight only to get an email 3 days later asking me to purchase bags. Never heard of this with any airline unless you are over the first free 2 bags. So at a charge of $30 to check in a bag per person each way this $80 ticket now became $140. Staff at the ticket desk were very rude. Flight attendants on the plane were equally rude. Very short with people as the plane was delayed and they made it clear they wanted to get home. Seats do not recline at all unless you are in the 4 seats in the front of plane. You can reserve a seat for more money. All in all I should have never switched airlines."
"Fort Lauderdale Las Vegas for $256 ticket paid a total of $510 after seating and carry on! On top of the extra charges you get horrible customer service and delays. Will never fly with Spirit again."
"Oakland to Las Vegas. Price came up at $80/roundtrip ticket inc. taxes. I booked this flight only to get an email 3 days later asking me to purchase bags. Never heard of this with any airline unless you are over the first free 2 bags. So at a charge of $30 to check in a bag per person each way this $80 ticket now became $140. Staff at the ticket desk were very rude. Flight attendants on the plane were equally rude. Very short with people as the plane was delayed and they made it clear they wanted to get home. Seats do not recline at all unless you are in the 4 seats in the front of plane. You can reserve a seat for more money. All in all I should have never switched airlines."
"BOS-FLL. Charge for everything. $50 for a bag if larger than a brief case charge to chose a seat. Charge for a glass of water. seats are so close together you can't get you legs in. I won't fly them again."
"Left for Costa Rica January 8th 2014 return was due for January 20 2014 arrived on January 23rd. Never take an International Flight with a connection and leave 1 hour between flights the flight back from Costa Rica was delayed then customs held us up then the door slammed in our face as we arrived in time to watch it close. We were told we would be put on standby for the next flight well 5 flights later and nothing. For what we spent because they overbook I could have gone first class on a reputable airline."
"2 hour flight took almost 7hrs one way and including delay 3hrs home. The cost of the flight was fine but if you wanted to bring a bag or have a drink the price shot through the roof. Would never fly Spirit again. Extremely cramped seating. Not one apology or offer of a beverage while we sat on plane for 4-5hrs longer than expected."
"Flight 833 from FLL to Montego Bay Jamaica on 1/15. Flight supposed to be at 10.30 and we left at 4.00. I would recommend that everybody avoid Spirit wherever possible. I've flown them twice and after the first time I said I would never fly them again now I'm kicking myself for not doing that. When comparing their fares to other providers you may be tempted to save a few dollars but trust me it is not worth the headache. Keep in mind that they will be nickel and diming you for everything from baggage to drinks to printing a boarding pass. In my first experience with spirit the flight was delayed 3.5 hrs and we were given no reason. On my second the flight was delayed 5 hours due to \"weather\" from the departing city. When I asked what the departing city was they noted Myrtle Beach SC. Sure enough weather.com shows sunny and delightful all day in Myrtle. Overall I'd say Spirit is not worth the money. Save yourself the frustration."
"Spirit sucks you in with an extremely low fare and then hits you with baggage fees seat fees taxes upon taxes so that by the time you get your total you could have flown just about any other airline. They brag how they've added more seats so that means more passengers to keep fares low. What they don't tell you is that they moved the seats closer together to get more room for the extra seats. I'm neither a tall or a fat person but my knees were pressed into the seat in front of me and the tray table was digging into my stomach. Not that I really needed the tray table they don't even give you water without charging some outrageous price. The seats are extremely tight and it's like sitting on a piece of wood. It was very difficult to make my 5.5 hour flight. By the time everything was added in my original airfare almost doubled."
"I paid more for a bag and a \"seat\" than the ticket itself. Why buying a ticket is somehow not enough to buy a seat on the plane is too deeply offensive to discuss. But believe it or not you have to pay more money to get a \"seat\". Welcome to Spirit."
"Flight 171 - December 8 2013. I used Spirit to travel to NY from FTL on December 2013 thinking that their price was affordable. To my surprise when I got to the airport and tried to get my on board tickets they charged me $25 per seat assignment so if I wanted to seat next to my husband we had to pay $50. To that they charged for carry ons $45. So add to your airline ticket another $70 per person each way for a total of $140 each. The seats were very uncomfortable and very thin with no cushion. They have the pre-reclined seats and they are stiff not to mention you have no leg room at all. We tried seating near the emergency door so my husband could have more leg room and that would have been better. I will definitely avoid traveling with Sprit. When you add all the hidden rates they charge you they are not worth it."
"We flew from St. Thomas to Ft. Lauderdale on 12/30 and aside from the extremely rude ticket agent who informed me that the carry-on which I pre-paid for online was a personal item and not have to be charged yet could not give me a refund or a credit for my return flight aside from the fact that the flight was delayed leaving aside from the fact that the flight attendants wouldn't even give me 1 cup of water to give to my toddler and I had to pay $3 for a bottle of water the flight from St. Thomas to Ft. Lauderdale was pleasant. On the day we were returning to St. Thomas from Ft. Lauderdale the ticket agent was a little rude but helpful. Flight was delayed yet again for almost an hour. We get on the plane and were in the very last row. We get to St. Thomas and we go to baggage claim and wait for bags. We go to Spirit's counter and no one is there. After about 30 minutes a young lady appears and I ask her about the bags. I explain that we were told the bags were done but my bags aren't there nor are the bags of all the other passengers behind me. She doesn't even apologize for the inconvenience. Waited 2 hours at baggage and then another 2 hour process to do a lost luggage claim. Of course the flight returning our bags was delayed."
"I fly from Chicago to Dallas frequently and once on the flight service is generally good but nowhere near great. Seems rather clear that the company does not put customer service first in it's training and is focused instead on maximizing the income generated from each passenger. My biggest problem is the poor attitude of the check-in staff at DFW airport. There is a women who protects the gate opening to the ticket counters who should not be employed anywhere let alone in a customer facing role. I wanted to get a seat re-assignment which could not be done at a terminal and i was questioned and probed as if I was up to no good. The low ticket prices are the only reason why one should select this carrier and should do so knowing what other costs you may incur."
"Flight from Chicago to Ft. Myers was delayed 3 hours. We boarded the 100% full plane sat for an hour and a half and were told they couldn't get fuel. Everyone had to deplane and it was another hour before we were told our flight was going to be canceled. Another 50 dollar cab ride home and then they couldn't get us on another flight until Friday and our original flight was for Monday. We asked if they could at least get us on a flight to Ft. Lauderdale if all flights were filled to Ft. Myers and were told \"no\" we had to accept the first available flight to Ft. Myers 4 days later!"
"My first time traveling with this airline and it will definitely be my last. My family and I were booked on it through Travelocity as part of a package trip for my vow renewal with my husband in Las Vegas. The trip there was problematic but ok. I asked for drinking water but was told I had to purchase water for 3 dollars and this was a 5.5 hour trip. The seats reminded me of an inner city bus service. The nightmare really started on our way back when we were made to pay 100 dollars for my son's violin as a carry on instead of a personal item as we had done on our outward journey. I was told that the flight will leave without us if we did not pay and our luggage had already been checked in. This airline is by far the worst I have ever had the misfortune of traveling on. The customer service was non existent."
"Let me start by saying I fly a lot and have had my share of frustrating travel situations but never in my life have I seen anything as maddening as the Spirit Airlines \"fast bag drop\" at FLL. Hours in line just to drop off your bag. Another 30-45 mins in security before they finally call your destination along with 2-3 others to come to a designated line for flights that are about to depart. Still I saw many people running through the airport others who missed their flights and still others who were just very frustrated with the whole process. There is no amount of money that I could have saved to make this experience worth it (and I am frugal). Save yourself a lot of frustration and possibly a missed flight with heaps of other associated fees and fly another airline."
