"x"
"Verified Review | I was nervous to fly with Spirit Airlines after reading all the bad reviews. I had a round-trip from Newark - Fort Lauderdale - Newark and was satisfied with both flights, especially the first one. We left early, arrived 30 min early and it was the smoothest flight I have had. Very quiet flight, no flight attendants going back and forth and blocking the way to the bathroom. When you want to purchase something, prices are very reasonable. Seats are ok, not crazy small as it was described in many reviews. People complain a lot just because they dont read the rules catefully, such as that it is a low cost airline and you have to pay for carry on. But if you travel as a couple it is still worth it, you pack one nice big luggage, pay for it 30$, but now you can bring your shampoo, perfume or whatever \"liquid\" you want on your vacation. If you travel light you definitely win in ticket price. But sometimes even with paying for luggage, it is still cheaper to fly. The day before the flight I saw tickets cost only $55 one way. Where else do you see price as low as this? Spirit's planes are all new. Conclusion: if you fly short distance, want to save money, take Spirit if the price difference between other airlines significantly lower (just dont forget to add $30 for baggage to ticket price when compare). There is nothing bad about Spirit Airlines except no allowance of carry on."
"Verified Review | On September 5th I was booked on a returning flight 451 at 2:40am from Plattsburgh to Ft Lauderdale. I was visiting my mom and dad for Labor Day weekend in Drummondville Quebec and by September 4th I realized that my dad needed to come back home with me. He was very ill. I decided to book a ticket for him to fly back with me. We managed to get my dad in a wheelchair at Plattsburgh airport and at the check in counter the agent change his seat from row 11 to the front of the plane without any questions. No extra charge, second row aisle. Normally $70 charge! Once on the plane the flight attendant motioned that my son and I also sit upfront and let me sit just behind my dad. Row 3. There were 2 flight attendants on this flight that I could remember. So helpful, so considerate and I just wanted to say Thank You! Thirty minutes before landing my dad needed to use the restroom so I helped him to the front lavatory and it turns out that it wasn't his first time during the flight. The flight attendant helped him get to the bathroom without my knowledge cause I had fallen asleep. Normally he could of done it by himself with his walker but we had to gate check it. To the guy in the first row for offering your arm as a railing to help my dad get back to his seat, your kind gesture was a priceless image in my mind! I will never forget. I now find the time to write this email because my dad passed away September 22, 2017."
"Verified Review | Ft Lauderdale to Kansas City via Detroit. I flew down to South Florida to help my elderly parents whom both are disabled. Hurricane Irma took out the AC unit, 1/4 of the roof, and we had no power or internet for at least 8 days. I was supposed to stay there for only 6 days I ended up staying 14, they waived the fees for my flight changes Thanks Again Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | Flew Orlando to Pittsburgh. I have never done a review before but thought I had to. The staff were very entertaining and polite. The gentleman over the loud speaker had a very entertaining personality while being professional. I thought they also took it an extra step further by showing everyone how to put on a life vest and how to inflate it. Not all airlines or flights that I have been on have done this. I will definitely be flying with Spirit Airlines. again!"
"Verified Review | Flew Pittsburgh to Orlando. I've been terrified to fly with Spirit Airlines for 6 months now. However, Spirit was nothing like the reviews. The flight was on time and we arrived early to Orlando. The staff were all nice and tried to make the flight fun. Nothing about this trip was bad. Just remember there are so many more people that fly than these reviews but the only ones to leave them are the negative ones. Imagine how many people have had no problems at all but don't think to comment."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Pittsburgh. I thought everything was straight forward. I purchased a round trip ticket for me and my family. A total of 4 tickets. They point out on the site personal items are free within certain parameters. Carry on and check bags you have to purchase. I purchased 2 check in bags. Most airlines charge for check in bags for domestic flights. No complaints so far. As for seating assignments, I called customer service to see if we would be split up? I was told as long as all the tickets were purchased under the same reservation we would be sitting together. On the website you also have the option to purchase an upgraded seat such as an exit row seat. The day before your flight you receive an email telling you to check in and print your boarding pass. I checked in online and printed my boarding pass for my flight the next day. On the printed boarding pass I notice we have our seat numbers. We are all sitting together. The night before I re measured my suitcase according to the dimensions on the website. I was worried something drastic would happen once I would arrive st the airport. Next day arrived at the airport, went straight to the counter checked my bags, showed them my boarding pass. Went straight to the gate. Boarded with no issues. We found our seats. We noticed the chairs do not go back. But I expected that from reading reviews and calling customer service. Legroom was average. I have flown united, American airlines, continental and us airways. The legroom was no smaller than those airlines. The negative is that the seats don't lean back and there is no courtesy water, juice or snack. My flight was from Las Vegas to Pittsburgh. The flight left on time and got there 15 minutes early. That's a plus in my book. Also what other airlines can you fly from the west coast to the east coast for $20 each way. We bought these tickets on a promotion. Overall, Not as bad as many are making it out to be. I will fly with them again. I give them an 8/10. -2 for the seats not reclining and no courtesy water and snacks."
"Verified Review | Arrived at Logan about 90 minutes prior to my flight time. Had not checked in online at all. I also only had a small carry on, and knew that all the extras cost on this airline in return for a cheap flight. I checked in, printed my boarding pass, security line was a bit long, but got to my gate in short order. But, let me tell you about my flight! I got a window seat, but when I found a mom and son sitting in the window and middle seat, I sat on the aisle seat (my favorite). The flight crew could not have been more pleasant. Calmly explains to every single person who asked that yes, we do sell bottled water, drinks, snacks, it's how we keep the costs down. When we were about to hit turbulence during our descent into Orlando, the crew told us to buckle up. Flight was full and left about 10 minutes early! I may just join the Spirit club! Not my first or last flight on Spirit."
"Verified Review | Dallas Fort Worth to Cancun . I was quite skeptical about flying Spirit airlines after reading many negative reviews. Let me say, this was one of my most pleasant flights. I did not seek out to fly Spirit airlines as I booked a vacation to Mexico through an online booking site. The flight crew on Spirit are hilarious. What you see is what you get. The flight attendant made an announcement to remind the guests that you're flying Spirit not delta. If you could afford delta you'd be popping bottles in first class. Too funny. Their drink prices are great, service was good and as a traveler who likes to go very nice places, I knew after I googled Spirit, that this would be a no frills flight. Don't expect peanuts or water for free. You get from point A to point B just like any other airlines however the comical value added by the staff offsets the small metal tray & a little less leg room. I may not necessarily \"seek out\" a flight on Spirit Airlines but it definitely was not as horrible as others have commented. My only suggestion would be to offer inflight wi-fi for purchase. Again, it's a what you see is what you get."
"Verified Review | I was kind of nervous booking with Spirit due to so many negative reviews. My flight from Atlanta to Los Angeles was awesome. It was not delayed. We took off on time and arrived a tad earlier. The flight attendants were nice. I had enough room, I'm 5'9. The little snack deals were decent. Hope to have another great flight back in 3 days."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to Boston. Printed boarding pass and reached DFW two hours before flight to find the 7am flight is cancelled due to crew no show (some strike). Good news is they put us on the AA flight two hours later. AA charged luggage fees again. Spirit re-imbursed all the luggage fees. Except for the hassle of change of flights and following up on re-imbursement (holding time of 30 minutes on the phone), it all worked fine. Though never got to fly Spirit, the baggage fees were returned and so I am ok with it and willing to give Spirit another try for the next destination. They also gave $50 voucher per passenger for the next trip."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying Spirit Airlines. Keeping in mind that it is a low cost carrier and that I am reviewing it in this context, it was a very pleasant surprise. It's very similar to easyJet although probably not quite up to their level yet. The boarding process was very fast, the aircraft was a brand new A320 (it had Sharklets as opposed to fences). The interior is one big cabin with no dividers as it's all one class. The seats while spartan, are quite comfortable. The is no reclining feature but the angle is good enough for a comfortable ride for even a longer flight. The table is tucked away in your armrest which means that you cannot lie down even if you have all three seats to yourself, conversely, it also means that the person sitting next to you cannot infringe upon your space. Foods and drinks are for sale and almost everything other than the flight is an additional charge. Both the cabin crew and the cockpit crew were professional and friendly. Just before landing the cabin crew randomly selected a passenger to receive bonus points for future travel - not sure if they do this on all flights but it does add a nice touch to the whole trip. I was lucky in that I had the exit row to myself and that the aircraft had 64 empty seats. I suppose that most people book Spirit because it is cheap and they probably get upset if they have to sit on a full aircraft and have to pay for everything from seats to drinks. If you take it for what it is a method to get you from A to B fast and cheap Spirit Airlines is an excellent choice."
"Verified Review | I had many doubts about Spirit in the past. What I heard versus what I received were two completely different things. My experience was completely positive. Professional crew, clean aircraft and on-time boarding and early arrival at BWI. Although I didn't fly regular class, I flew on the Big Front Seat because I'm very tall (it's an awesome upgrade, by the way), I would definitely fly them again. The only thing I'd advise against is bringing your boarding pass on your phone. It is difficult to scan at TSA and at the gate. You can probably just ask the ticket desk to print one if you showed them you tried with the phone. That way you don't get stuck with the printing fee."
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Fort Lauderdale return via Chicago and all of it was beyond great. I enjoyed the flight attendant on the last flight she was so entertaining and I just wanted to share that. I don't fly often but I sure hope if and when I do again I get someone equally as fun as her it just makes the whole process so much more enjoyable and my daughter is still laughing about how she told us to be careful when getting the luggage out of the overhead compartment because \"shift happens\". Thanks again we are looking forward to our next adventure and we will be using spirit I just know"
"Verified Review | Baltimore Washington to Orlando return.I loved Spirit Airlines. Everything went well, flight was ontime, Customer Service agent and crew are nice and friendly. They do not even check how big is your bag due to both my sons had a very large backpack. I understood the seat is not comfortable but you pay is a less expensive fares unless if you want comfortable so just pay more fares then. I would recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Dallas Fort Worth. This was my first time flying Spirit Airlines. I was a bit hesitant flying with them since I had read the reviews online, but I still took the risk. I had a good experience, the restrooms were clean. I was in LA for 5 days and I was able to fit all of my belongings in the personal bag were allowed which is pretty big. (I took a duffle bag). There is enough space in your seats to stretch your legs out , there is no tv or wifi. But that doesn't bother me. This airline is great to get you from point A to point B. I will be flying spirit again saved me about $160. I flew with 3 other people and we did not purchase seats so we automatically thought we were not going to sit together, but we all ended up sitting together. So I did not pay for seats nor my personal bag."
"Verified Review | Route: Baltimore to Chicago / Return From Chicago to Baltimore (no connections). Aircraft: Airbus A320. The airplane was very clean and well maintained. Seats: I am 6' 1\" tall. The seats had 28\" pitch but were very comfortable. The seats do not recline, which is fine by me. In seating with larger pitches that recline, when the passenger in front of you reclines the seat invades your space and makes for a cramped feeling, forcing you to also recline to gain back the space. With Spirit, since the seats do not recline, the closer pitch (space between the seats) is actually more comfortable. Leg room is still adequate, and I can cross my legs, etc. 2 extra inches of leg room simply does not compensate for the person in front of you reclining his seat back into your face. In addition, a great many of higher priced airlines have equal seating pitch to Spirit. I have to rate overall seat comfort on Spirit as superior to most other higher priced airlines for economy classes. Inflight Entertainment: None - but I have flown more expensive airlines with the same amenities, that is, none. Today, fliers are becoming more reliant on their smart phones and notebook computers, and do not use inflight entertainment. I did not notice onboard electrical outlets on my flight (but did not look for them), so make sure your personal devices are charged when you get onboard. Ground Service: Efficient. The personnel behind the baggage drop at Baltimore were professional and efficient. They were not chipper and friendly, but it was 4.35am, so I will cut them some slack. The personnel at Chicago were efficient, professional, and had a positive demeanor at 6.35am. Flight Crew: Outstanding. They were efficient, courteous, and had a great sense of humor while maintaining great professionalism. They actually got me to pay attention to the inflight safety demonstration which I have not done in decades. We arrived in Chicago 30 minutes early, and communications from the flight deck was outstanding. Inflight Service: Prompt and efficient. Yes, water, sodas, and coffee costs $2.00, and they do not give you a small bag of peanuts or pretzels. But you can bring your own, if you like. However, beer, wine, liquor, and onboard snacks are less expensive than most higher priced airlines I have flown on recently by a dollar or two. Boarding and Deplaning: This I really liked. Many people complain they have to pay for carry-on baggage. This is because all airlines have, for quite a while now, forced passengers to pay for checked baggage. Spirit does, too, and more than most airlines, plus the weight limit is only 40lbs, so be careful. Spirit also makes passengers pay for carry-on bags. The difference in costs, however, is small, so most passengers just go ahead and pay to check baggage. The great thing is, with no carry-ons to stick in the overhead compartments, people just walk on to take their seats, and walk off, with no waiting for people to fiddle with their luggage. It's how flying used to be. Overall: This airline is not for everyone. It is not for people with lots of luggage. It does not have alliances with other carriers, so if there are problems, they cannot transfer your booking and you are stuck. It is not for people who do not expect, understand or accept the concept of low priced carriers and the a la carte paying structure. Most of the problems I see in reviews I have experienced with other airlines that put an extra zero on my airfare."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Spirit Airlines from Las Vegas to Baltimore and I was nervous to say the least because of all the bad reviews and horror stories about this airline. My experience was excellent. I already knew I had to pay for my bags so I did that online to save money. I printed my own boarding pass. So once I got to the airport I didn't have any issues whatsoever. The flight was on time to and from my destination. I even purchased the big seats so I was comfy. To me they're cheaper even with having to pay for bags and seats. I would fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Dallas. I am writing this review to counteract the bad ones. We had no problems flying from O'hare to DFW and back. In fact, the aisles are wider and I had more leg room than on other airlines because I sat in the emergency row. No one likes fees and free pretzels would have been nice but I survived. The service was comparable to United or Delta. Pleasant and nice. In fact, our flight arrived early at the destination and the terminal was still full from another plane. There was around a 10 minute delay because they let 4 people on the plane late! Wow! I am applying for a credit card which gives you a free flight from the beginning. I'm not sure if we got really lucky but would fly again. Maybe the new CEO is turning everything around."
"Verified Review | Newark to Orlando. I read the reviews and personally was wondering what I got myself into. I guess that I was one of the lucky ones. My flight left on time, arrived early and my bag which I thought may need to be paid for was accepted no problem. The seats weren't luxurious but I wasn't expecting that anyway. The staff was friendly and professional. My only surprises were that I had to pay extra for my seat after my original purchase and had an issue with pre check in (in my 50s so that may have played a part). I would choose them again!"
"Verified Review | Before booking my flight from Atlanta to Chicago with Spirit I checked reviews and there was 98 percent bad and 2 percent good. I was very hesitant to book, but I did and have no regrets. Spirit is upfront at the beginning that your ticket includes you and 1 small personal item. I see so many people complaining about no inflight entertainment, and paying for food? What? It's a flight, not a all inclusive resort. It's intended to get you to and from your destination. Overall I had absolutely no problems flying with Spirit and will continue to keep flying with them."
"Verified Review | Our family flew Spirit round trip from Niagara Falls, NY to Orlando FL. Given the numerous concerns about this airline I had to make some comments. Being our first time using this airline, we had a very normal experience. As with any budget airlines you clearly know going in the cost and just need to be care and plan ahead. Even paying for our baggage both ways, as well as reserving seats so our family could sit together we saved hundreds of dollars. While our flight to Orlando was slightly delayed (we've been delay or had flights cancelled at the last minute with other more popular airlines - which seems to be the norm these days), our return flight home was on time. We received several emails regarding our flight status both ways. While you have to pay for baggage, including typical carry-ons that can be stored overhead, Spirit does allows one small carry on at no cost. Regular size backpacks were no problem. We found the flight attendants pleasant and attentive. They understand the seats are a bit narrow, especially for taller, long legged passengers. When they could, they encouraged people to move into areas of the plane that had more leg room. Given the high cost of air travel this summer, we would have no reservation taking Spirit again. It was well worth the cost."
"Verified Review | Our Spirit flight from San Diego to Cabo was delayed by over 2 hours. We were told the pilot was held up at another airport. We were not happy and had to wait in the airport for several hours since we had arrived early. However, after finally getting in our flight I was super pleased with how fast they got everyone seated. The flight attendants were friendly and funny. Even better the next day we got an email with a $50 voucher per family member. I would definitely fly Spirit Airlines in the future"
"Verified Review | Minneapolis to Dallas. Despite many terrible reviews, my experience was excellent. We booked one-way tickets more than a week in advance. We brought a small backpack each as our personal bag. It cost 2 adults less than $120 in total to fly from Minneapolis, non-stop, to Dallas. 2 hours and 28 minutes. We left late but arrived on time. Yes, they charge you for water, a \"reserved\" seat, carry-ons (rather pricey if you don't pay in advance), and other things people apparently think they are entitled to. How does one truly think these \"entitlements\" are paid for? These guys are in a for-profit business, just like Delta. Except Delta and the others just bury your entitlements in your (far more costly) ticket price. We got home in under 2.5 hours for less than the price of enough gasoline to drive that same thousand miles. I'm with Spirit every chance I get!"
"Verified Review | I'm really surprised with all the bad reviews, I had a really good experience with Spirit Airlines flying from Chicago to Dallas, flights were on time and checking my bags was fast and easy. All personnel were friendly and they definitely make your flight smoother. Airplane was almost new, nice and clean, a lot of people complain about seats being small and not able to recline but hey you're not going to get first class if you're paying the cheapest price. I have no complaints at all."
"Verified Review | We were so pleased with this Spirit flight from Dallas to Oakland. I was hesitant to book with them, because of all of the nasty reviews, however when you're on a budget, you really just have to hope for the best. I will just list the pro's and con's so this review is easier for people to breeze through. Pro's: Super friendly service, even at 05.00 in the morning. Waiting to check-in our luggage was the fastest I've experienced. As long as you have your boarding passes printed out and you are organized, 10 minutes tops for checking in the luggage. The plane was clean. The flight attendants were nice and pretty much just left you alone unless you needed something. 2 free checked bags, 1 free carry on for DOD and Service members! Con's: The seats on the airplane do not recline. The seats were not overly comfortable and you do have minimum space, but for the price, I'm not going to complain. You have to pay if you want to sit together. But 8-10 bucks per person still didn't have the total come even close to other airlines tickets. They only fly out of certain airports. For us, that adds on a 2.5 hour drive, but again 1/4 tank of gas one way and visiting a friend is not really a con. Would we rather drive 1 hour to the Austin Airport, sure, but them I'm paying at least 150.00 more per ticket. We will continue to use Spirit as long as there is a airport they travel too!"
"Verified Review | Atlantic City to Tampa. Myself and my children just had the smoothest flight ever. Flight 341 from Atlantic City to Tampa was amazing. The leg room on our plane wasn't an issue this time and the flight crew give a free flight away to a passenger in row 21. Thank you for the wonderful flight."
"Verified Review | We were very nervous to have had to fly Spirit Airlines with the reviews being what they were but to our delight we had a great trip flying from Orlando to Ft Lauderdale via Punta Cana! The planes we had were clean and on time and their attendants were super friendly. I did see some people give the gate lady a hard time because the flight was sold out and they had been on standby but to my knowledge no one was booted off. We did have to pay for snacks and drinks but whatever flying is expensive and I can accept paying 20$ for some popcorn and drinks. You ever go to a movie theater? Same thing. Needless to say we had a great time and Spirit got us to and from safely and happily. I would use them again. Their on board attendants were hilarious. The only thing I would change is maybe having more snacks to choose from."
"Verified Review | I was expecting the worst possible case scenario when going from Seattle Los Angeles while flying with Spirit Airlines for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised as to how easy it was. Yes you don’t get a free drink or peanuts but who really needs that anyways when you can bring on your own snacks. You have to calculate how much the extras will charge you when booking a flight with Spirit vs what another airline. The cost of the flight itself, the cost of a checked in bag vs carry on, print off your own boarding pass so it does not cost you an additional charge, plan on grabbing a drink and a snack prior to boarding so you don’t pay the cost for a drink or snacks on the flight because they are not free and you will be fine. I will be flying with them again knowing how rude the customer service will be."
"Verified Review | I recently flew Spirit airlines and given all of the reviews I read prior to my experience, I felt compelled to share my feedback. Firstly, I chose Spirit because I was looking for an economy airline. I went into the experience with eyes wide-open. I knew that Spirit's business model was \"a la carte\" so to speak - baggage, seat selection, priority boarding, boarding pass printing, in-flight snack at an additional cost above the base price. Spirit did not disappoint. My family had a wonderful experience. I started my trip from CLE (Cleveland) to MCO (Orlando). Although my flight was late departing, Spirit kept us informed, unlike many airlines. From MCO, my husband and I flew to FLL (Ft. Lauderdale). The most impressive part of that trip was that Spirit was facing delays due to crew scheduling, however they mitigated the issue by using the same flight attendants from the inbound flight instead of waiting for the originally scheduled flight attendants to arrive. How many airlines do you know that would do that to keep a flight on time? Exemplary service! Then, on our flight back home the handle on my daughter's rolling backpack was broken. She took it into the office at baggage claim and immediately, no questions asked, they offered her a bag replacement and mileage for the hassle. Again, how many airlines do you know who even cover bag damage when it's a handle, wheel or even a tear. For all those Spirit nay-sayers, stop complaining about the \"a la carte\" fees. The airline is founded on those principles. If you want everything included, use one of the high priced airlines. You won't get better service and you'll pay more. If that's your goal, then go for it. If you want an airline who's focused on providing stellar service for an economical price, I'd highly recommend Spirit."
"Verified Review | My family and I had a great experience with Spirit flying from Los Cabos to San Diego, we followed all instructions which were sent in emails prior to our flight. I pre purchased our checked bag fees, pre printed our boarding passes, arrived early to the airport. Everything was wonderful! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the plane were nice and comfortable. So we had to purchase our beverages, no big deal, it was a short flight. Thank you for the inexpensive and great experience!"
"Verified Review | The flight crew were hilarious and welcoming. The in-flight food and beverages affordable. This airline encourages minimalism and I have no issue with that. I flew from NYC to Orlando for $102 round trip. A slight delay coming back due to weather and received vouchers via email with an apology. I recommend this airline."
"Verified Review | Dallas to New Orleans. Very happy with this airline and prices! I made sure to carefully read all guide lines and had no issues. I was able to get a big comfortable chair for $30 more and it was awesome. Will book again and even debating on their $9 fare club. Wish they offered flights to Europe."
"Verified Review | Niagara Falls to Myrtle Beach. I have flown with Spirit over the past 24 months and not experienced any problems. The booking process was easy, I paid for what I wanted and nothing more. I like the bare fare and add what you need style of booking.The pricing is exceptional compared to other airlines. The planes are new, clean and crew have been exceptionally friendly. Every flight I have been on has been booked full, left on time and arrived on time. I fly to Myrtle Beach SC and to Orlando FL from Niagara Falls, NY The only downside with Spirit Airlines is if there are delays they do not have a standby flight readily available for you to take. They do offer vouchers, hotel stays etc to make up for any delays or cancellations. I am sure that this is something the airline is working to improve on. If you understand the \"ala carte\" booking approach with Spirit Airlines you will appreciate their process of saving you money! I would not hesitate to recommend this airlines to anyone!"
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Denver. I have read a lot of bad reviews of this airline. What people have to remember is this is a budget airline. Spirit Airlines is very clear about their charges, so you know going in that any extras are going to cost. The fees are clearly stated. Spirit lists their prices as \"bare fare\" and you have the choice at time of booking to add extras you want. When I need to book a flight, I pack light so I am not charged a carry on fee, I check in online so I don't pay a check in fee and I make sure I am not going to have any changes to my tickets. The only extra I pay for is the extra roomy seat, which is very comfortable. I eat a good healthy meal before I board so I am not hungry. Preparation is the key to flying a budget airline."
"Unverified | I flew from Chicago to Boston yesterday. When I booked the flight with Spirit, through a third party website, I didn't realize that you had to pay for carry on luggage. You're allowed one small personal item, and I was bound and determined to make it work. So I bought a small backpack and a space bag. I'm only here for a week and have access to a washer and dryer, so I didn't really need that many clothes. Once I vacuumed the air out of the bag it held four outfits and two sets of pajamas, as well as bras underwear and socks. I was also able to pack makeup, medicines and personal care items. I still can't believe how much I was able to fit into that bag. My round trip ticket was $160, so I decided to upgrade to a bigger seat in the front of the plane, and I was so glad I did. It only cost $30 extra each way, which still made the trip very affordable the staff was courteous and friendly, it left on time and even arrived a little early. From all the reviews I had read before this trip I was dreading the travel, but I had no problems whatsoever and would definitely use this airline again in the future."
"Verified Review | Hartford to Myrtle Beach. I was very hesitant and nervous after reading so many bad reviews about Spirit Airlines, but I can't say our trip was anywhere near horrible. From check in to landing at our destination everything went smoothly and the staff was exceptional. Moral of the story don't believe everything you read!"
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Fort Lauderdale. After reading bad reviews I was expecting the worst flight experience ever. But that wasn't the case. Check in & boarding was smooth. We left and arrived on time. The flight crew was really nice and professional. The plane was clean. The seats was Ok. Overall I had a comfortable and good experience. Coming back home was also smooth. Only thing I didnt really like was the $50 check bag fee, but I would definitely book with Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Oakland via Los Angeles. I had a very awesome experience flying with Spirit with my family, 2 adults and 2 toddlers. I was skeptical at first but since we were on a budget and would like to bring kids out to west coast so we decided to give it a try. Since we paid $370 for four of us from Baltimore to Oakland so we didn't expect anything fancy but they exceeded our expectations. Their website is clear and let us know what could add up and would be more charged but we still had option to go without paying more. They make it clear about check in and carry on bags fee, they always send reminders to let us know about size of free bag and time/gate changes. They surprised me by noticing me that I could check stroller and car seats for free and when we were boarding, they let family with young kids go first which I appreciate that too, on top of free personal items we were allowed to bring a diaper/food bag in for free too. The seats were good size with good leg room. I did not feel it too different from JetBlue, United or AA that I had experience with. All of my flights were on time and got to destinations early. Crews were friendly and helpful to us."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Los Angeles. My friend said her experience with Spirit was that it was safe and cheap, like flying a bus! I found her description to be accurate. Planning ahead is the key to saving money. A checked bag is affordable if you purchase when you book, but not at the gate. I can bring my own snacks and buy a soda at the gift shop. Our flight from Seattle to LAX was delayed an hour, but I wasn't notified until we checked in. Our flight home left on time and arrived 20 minutes early. The staff were helpful, and the lead flight attendant on the way back was hilarious. We did \"flight yoga\" stretches that ended with picking up any trash lying around. She ended with \"it stung a bit when Forbes rated us last in customer service, but we hope we made your flight a pleasant experience today\" The low price allowed me to spring my family out of rainy Seattle for a week in the California sun. I'd be willing to fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | New York to Dallas via Orlando. Had to make a couple of short trips internally in the US and found Spirit to be the most effective for scheduling. Had heard nothing about this airline save that the reviews about it were not kind. The reality is perhaps a bit different. Newark to Orlando was delayed by two hours but not fault of the airline. Bad weather. Uneventful flight. Orlando to Dallas was similar but on time. In both cases the airline charged for excess baggage which I knew about and also seat assignment. Typical of all LLC carriers. If you need to go from point A to B and bring your own snacks, then it's a cheap way of getting about the US. Don't expect AA standards and you won't be disappointed."
"Unverified | Boston to Fort Myers. Spirit is what it is! I hear a lot of complaints but if you know how to pack light, you don't care where you sit, bring your own empty water bottle (to fill once you get past security), bring your own bagel, sandwich, chips, cookies, nips etc) you can fly pretty darn cheap. For me it's just spending as little as possible to get from point A to point B and being able to go more often. I fly spirit and jet blue - most of the time they are on time and equally affected by weather they cannot predict or control. Read the fine print (it's quite bold and kinda funny). The staff has always been kind (and trust me, they put up with a lot of people who obviously don't read) and recently refunded me the seat selection cost on a flight my husband could not make (he cares where he sits). It's not for everyone, but it works for me!"
"Unverified | Spirit Air came in at $74.00 round-trip for a last-minute trip from San Diego to Las Vegas - assuming practically luggage-less, without stretching my legs or reclining, not consuming food or beverage. There are additional charges, though you could hardly call them hidden. If you fly Spirit Air, be sure of the sacrifices you will make, the possible inconveniences you could experience and the totality of what you are getting for your money. Included in your airfare is 1 carry-on item no larger than a small gym bag. Additional carry-ons and each piece of standard size/weight baggage must be paid for. Make your baggage reservations and pay the associated fee(s) online, when you buy your ticket. The per-bag fee can reach $100/each if you wait until check-in to deal with your luggage. Get your seat assignment then, too. You'll get charged a nominal boarding pass fee if you don't. Overcoats, purses, and laptop bags are considered single carry-on items. If you are taller/larger than average or pregnant, you will be extremely uncomfortable in economy class seating. There is little legroom, the seats are pretty close together and do not recline. There is no wi-fi, cellphone coverage, or inflight entertainment. Using Sprint Air to connect with a flight on another carrier is quite risky! If your Sprint Air flight is cancelled, or you miss a Sprint Air connecting flight you are screwed on many levels. Do not make alternative plans without knowing your entitlements. Everything you can demand will not likely be offered. If your flight is nonstop & under 4 hours, the money you save may offset the negatives. Especially if you don't have the luxury of advanced booking time or flexibility with travel dates 'cuz that's where larger carriers will gouge you. Investigate upgrading your seating class, plan ahead and look into their member club for additional savings and a more comfortable experience. Spirit Air has the cheapest 11th hour airfares and if unplanned or unbudgeted travel becomes necessary, the financial impact of that situation will be exponentially less."
"Verified Review | Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach. I have read a lot of reviews and was concerned about utilizing Spirit Airlines however, I have to give them their Props! On March 14, 2017 when many of the major carriers cancelled their flights (due to a Nor'easter that ended up a dud) into Philadelphia, Spirit Airlines kept their flight on schedule and we were able to get into Philly when most carriers chose not to fly to Philly! Thank you Spirit! Please remember everyone, they are serious about the Bare Fare and they tell you all up front on their website and reservation information Exactly what you will get. Careful planning on your part will reduce a surprise later in your travel process. It is True the seats dont recline, there is No WIFI and you have to pay for any type of drink if you want it, also they do have very explicit baggage policies. However, their prices for airfare on a quick trip is something you cant beat! We had a great experience and will be happy to fly again with Spirit Airlines."
"Unverified | Houston to Phoenix. If you are looking for a good price on a flight less than 4 hours, and can live with the tight leg space for a short time, Spirit is your airline. I have flown roughly 20 short trips with them and never had a cancellation or delay. Don't complain about the baggage price, because it clearly list the prices when you are booking. $35 a bag is not terrible when your flight is $38.00. Yes, from Houston to Phoenix, round trip plus luggage- $146."
"Verified Review | Kansas City to Orlando. I fly all the time for work and usually fly American. Did not want to deviate but this was last minute travel. On top of the fact it was last minute; I flew with my three boys. Normally this is a set up for disaster but it started our trip off right. Plane was clean, staff was gracious and the ride was smooth. I was very impressed and will fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to San Diego. My second flight with Spirit Airlines. Staff courteous and professional. Still impressed with how quickly the boarding process occurs. As only 20% of passengers bring Roll A Boards on the aircraft the process is less than half the time of American or United which I flew on last week. Again, not certain why this company garners such negative reviews."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Orlando with Spirit Airlines. Overall, it exceeded my extremely low expectations. I knew what I was expecting when paying for bags, seating assignment etc as I read the fine print. I don't understand how people complain about paying for food and drink on the plane even though their policy is clear about this. Although I do think their charge for carry-on is outrageous ($35 for first one). As for the flight itself, we departed on time and arrived early. Gate agents seemed annoyed in general but I didn't have to interact with them. Flight attendants were really nice and had a good sense of humor. My only complaint was that during the second half of the flight, they tried to sell people their Spirit credit card and spent about 10-15 minutes talking about it over the intercom. Got really annoying and seemed tacky overall. Seats were comfortable for the first half but the inability to recline really bothered me. Overall, I was satisfied considering what I paid and what I expected and will fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Houston to Las Vegas. We were leery about flying Spirit because of some past experiences. When we looked for airline tickets to Vegas they were the only direct flight and the best priced. Since we were not on a tight schedule, we decided to fly them again. I must say we were pleasantly surprised with this flight. Both ways were spot on for time. I felt everything was well organized unlike some past experiences. I am hopeful that the issues we had originally were just \"growing\" issues. We are looking for airfare to Cabo San Lucas so I will be hunting reviews to see how well they are doing there."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Los Angeles. Read carefully and you won't be disappointed - I was pleasantly surprised! Price was right so I couldn't complain. First flight went so smoothly literally nothing went wrong. Flight back had a 30 minute delay but we were able to board the plane so we were fine. I would rebook with Spirit for domestic flights. Seats aren't the most comfortable for anyone above 5'5, I wouldn't do a long flight. But 4 hours was just fine. Only downfall is the bag fees. Other than that, definitely open to booking with Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Denver with Spirit Airlines. Pleasantly surprised. Clean and comfortable cabin along with professional attendants. Flights on time. Not certain why so many negative reviews. Spirit did a great job. Boarding is quick and the carry-on bags were not a nightmare unlike my last flight on United where everyone had an oversized Roll-a-Board, without the space to accommodate them all."
"Unverified | Boston to Fort Lauderdale. So after booking my flight people started telling me that I was crazy to fly Spirit Airlines. For several weeks I worried and to my amazement when it came time to fly I was pleasantly surprised. None of the complaints that I read about happened to us and it was one of the best experiences we had. The flight was great, our seats were comfortable, the pilot was making jokes over the speaker and the attendants were awesome."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Phoenix. No problems at all and both departure and arrival flight actually arrived early. Easy and quick online check in. Friendly service. We did pay extra to make sure we sat together and paid to check 1 bag, and paid extra for more leg room but still saved $400 flying with Spirit Air. I would much rather have the choice to pay for luggage or to buy a water for a small price than pay for an expensive flight and have so called \"free\" checked luggage or beverages. One flight did not have reclining seats and one flight did. All in all, very pleased."
"Unverified | Flight was early in both directions. Staff friendly. Luggage check and pickup smooth and fast. My ID along with credit cards fell out of my pocket during the return flight home. We arrived near midnight and didn't notice what was missing until getting to my car in the remote lot. By the time we were able to get back to the gate everything was closed. I called the next morning to the lost and found area they told me it was found and that they would send it FedEx. It was at my expense and I needed to set up an account which I did. I called back with the account number, and it arrived at my door the next day. Thanks for making a difficult situation better than it could be."
"Verified Review | I flew from Denver to Ft Lauderdale return with Spirit Airlines. I laugh about 1 star reviews, better sit at home in your air bubble and don't go anywhere. Everything was great from beginning. I am a foreign immigrant, English is my second language, but I can speak, read and write fluently. So, I go on website and read first what they say. You print your ticket home (it says a $10 charge otherwise). Check the size of the baggage, weight, checked bags, etc (if you want a deal, buy online or pay more). My plane A321 had \"big seats\", emergency exit seats and economy, so I paid extra $5 for emergency exit seat. Front desk was super friendly (Denver and FLL). Got baggage confirmation and info about my flight. Flight attendants all helpful, nice and polite. We had little delay (Denver) due to seat problem but we got full info and Captain said we will make it on time (we did). I would recommend Spirit Airlines to everyone. Tickets are cheap, this is all that I need. If you wanna full service, buy ticket from a different airline. You ll get your water, wifi, etc for double, if you can t handle flight between 2-4h."
"Verified Review | I had an excellent experience flying Spirit Airlines from La Guardia to Detroit roundtrip. My travel plans changed at the last minute, and the cost of the Spirit roundtrip was far less than the change fee Delta would have applied to my original ticket. Because I was traveling by myself on a short trip, it was easy to take just a personal item and to print my boarding pass at home--meaning I avoided any additional fees from Spirit. I was pleasantly surprised by the condition of the aircraft. The outbound was a very new-looking Airbus, while the return was another A320 with slightly older seats but refreshed interior. Frankly, the condition of both planes was far superior to my most recent flights on American and Delta. The seats themselves were fine for a flight less than 3 hours; I did not feel like I had much less legroom than the mainline carriers even with a 6' frame. The staff were also uniformly friendly. The usual caveats apply with Spirit - think about how much the ticket will cost if you need to check bags or bring carry-ons, recognize you'll have to pay more to reserve seats next to each other as a group, etc. I'm also lucky that I did not have to use Spirit's customer service during irregular operations. But for a domestic leisure trip, Spirit was great, and I would absolutely fly with them again."
"Verified Review | I was prepared for the worst having read the reviews and never having flown Spirit. Flew from Dallas Fort Worth to Cartagena, Columbia via Ft Lauderdale, FL. The price was less than half of the next cheapest fare even taking into consideration the charges for extra luggage. I was pleasantly surprised that everything went well and we arrived in Columbia on schedule. The plane was new, the seats had as much room as the American Airlines planes I usually take and the staff were friendlier than the average AA employee. The only hitch was that I didn't have a round trip tix and I was traveling international. I bought a return (super cheap even at the counter on the same day) and they warned me I only had 24 hours to cancel. I did so when I arrived at my destination and they refunded the ticket. All in all it was a very positive experience and I would fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | I bought round trip tickets on Kayak to Los Angeles from Kansas City. All my ticket options were really high except for Spirit. The reviews I had read were terrible, but it couldn't argue the price ($88 round trip). I did research and knew what I was getting into; charge for bags, no reclining seats, no wifi, no free food, etc. It truly was a \"no frill\" experience and I don't think a lot people with bad reviews realized this when they booked their flight. You are allowed one personal item, but for a quick five day trip, I had no problems fitting in all my clothes and bathroom stuff in a small duffle bag (pictures below). The staff on both flights were very friendly and the seats were comfortable. Food was available for purchase for people that wanted it. Overall, Spirit was perfect for me and my travel needs. Just know what you're getting into and have bags that are regulation (yet, even then, no one ever checked mine)."
"Verified Review | I heard a lot of negative things about Spirit and began doing my own investigation. Jan 1st I flew out of Chicago O'Hare to Fort Myers. For those wondering about personal item, I brought a backpack that was bigger than the dimensions and they didnt say a word, didnt even have to put in in the little measuring box. I got to my gate and waited to board, we boarded a little late because the flight coming into O'Hare was delayed. This did not effect our departure time. The seat really wasn't that bad, I am 6'4 and I flew 3 hours and was fine. We left on time and arrived to Ft Myers early. The staff was nice and I have no complaints. A week later I flew back to O'Hare from Ft myers. This time I had the same backpack as a personal item and a duffel bag as a carry on. Again, not a word was said about my backpack or duffel bag. Again, the flight left on time and was early again. The seats were fine. The staff was nice and it was a nice easy trip. Just know that you need to pay for your luggage and an exact seat if you want one. As well as the food. I will fly Spirit Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Las Vegas. Spirit Airlines is exactly what it says. Less money more go. Although drinks and snacks are not included, this is not hidden from passengers. It's a no frills airline however we found them to be extremely helpful and accommodating. It was the airline out of the 4 airlines used on our trip that was actually on time and the airline staff were all lovely! The air hostess was hilarious! No entertainment needed. Great for a city break less cost equals more adventure at your destination."
"I have flown Spirit 2 times. Once Myrtle Beach to Laguardia for $49 and recently Fort Lauderdale to Laguardia for $62 this week. Talk about cheap - yes, on time - yes, both times. I read the fine print and had a bag that fit enough clothes for 4 days that fit under the seat in front hence no baggage fee. Printed boarding pass at home, no charge for that. I did purchase a seat FLL to LGA which was $9 extra because I didn't want to sit in the middle of a 3 seat aisle. Seats were comfortable, no need for recline for a 2.5 hour flight. Flight attendants were fine and plane was new. I can't understand all the negative reviews. If you follow their directions there are no surprises, just get on and get off. Will definitely use them again when I travel on their routes."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Boston. I read all of the negative reviews about Spirit Airlines not offering free drinks or snacks, WiFi free carry on bag, and a lot of other things included in normal airlines. They tell you upfront that everything is an add on. You pay for the flight only. I have flown with them several times and have had no issues with them. Yes the seats can be a little bit more comfortable but for the price paid it was what it was. I have no complaints. People want everything for free."
"Atlanta to Las Vegas. I admit that I was frightened to fly Spirit Airlines because of all of the reviews. Being that we booked through a travel agent I didn't do my research until after the trip was booked. I must say I was surprised. I was well aware of all the hidden fees. So I wasn't surprised about the bag fees, snack fees, seat fees, boarding pass fees etc. They tell you that you if you don't buy your seat they can't guarantee that you will sit next to your family. But if you are on the same reservation they will seat you with them. It is possible to get all of your clothing into the free bag without having to pay the bag fees. I'm talking up to 6 outfits plus 3 pairs of shoes. Regarding the food. You can take snacks on the plane. My party ate each time before we got on the plane so we were not hungry during the flight. The flight attendants were great. The check in staff was great. No problems at all. Both the planes to and from were clean and well kept. They looked brand new. All in all I will be flying with them again."
"Verified Review | After reading the reviews I thought that this would be a terrible flight with Spirit Airlines from Dallas to Philadelphia but I was pleasantly surprised. The leg room was fine and the non-stop flight was comfortable. I was happy with the price and I did not mind paying for my bag or my seat. If you don't mind an assigned seat you will not have to pay for your seat. I would happily fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Pretty nice price-quality ration. That is obviously made by means of operational cost reduction - less seat space in airplane, less space and personnel in a check-in area, more than modest gate space and convenience (e.g in Boston Logan Airport). All extra services like checked bag, carry-on bag are payable as extra. Limitation for the checked luggage weight is 40 pounds vs 50 pounds on other airlines. Our flight from Boston was delayed on 2 hours, but they were very polite regrets made and frequent updates of the delay status by email. Our pilots work on a route Boston- Detroit was very nice - smooth and gentle taking off, riding and landing. On another flight from Detroit to Boston there was funny and friendly pre-flight announcements made by the crew."
"Verified Review | Boston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. First off if you don't read the rules for Spirit, of course you'll be upset when you fly. I read the instructions like most people should do, and have no complaints about bag fees or any of the \"upcharges\" that everyone was complaining about. Went to Vegas out of Boston for 4 days, and packed 4 days worth of clothes, with dress shoes in a small, Samsonite bag that fit under the seat with room to spare. The flight attendants were very nice and accommodating, the terminal staff were normal (scanned ticket, hard to understand for announcements). Didn't expect luxury seats, which you won't get for the price of course. You have a very small folding tray on the back of the seat, and the seats aren't the best, but i've sat in worse. They don't recline (which I knew), and were hard to sleep in due to that. Aslong as you read and understand the rules, and don't have much to carry, then this flight will serve you just fine. The drinks / snacks aren't expensive at all, as I had 2 gin and tonics for $14, which is on par or cheaper than most bars."
"Verified Review | Dallas DFW to Orlando. We love Spirit Airlines. Cheap tickets and no hidden fees as long as you follow the rules. Seems to have the same leg room as other airlines. Food and beverages are provided for a fee. My family of 5 flew from Dallas to Orlando round trip with an included rental car for just $770 including all fees and taxes."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Oakland. You need to know the rules to avoid frustration and crazy high fees. Before you book read the rules and restrictions on the website to make sure it meets your needs. I traveled for a short weekend trip to SF for $68 round trip. This fare included only a small piece of hand luggage that must fit under the seat. A full sized carry on was an additional $35 each way at the time of booking, $50 each way at the gate before boarding begins, and $100 each way after boarding begins. You can see how if you dont do your homework beforehand it can get very expensive and lead to a lot of anger and frustration. I packed only a small backpack filled with a couple days worth of warm weather clothing so i did not have to pay for the privilege of using the overhead bins. Additionally if you want priority boarding, want to pick your seat, want a water or soda in flight, or check in at the airport (as opposed to online) then they will nickel and dime you to death. For my trip had I added a full sized carry on it would have been about the same as had i flown Southwest or one of the other airlines. I understood this and figured that $60 savings would be better spent at a nice dinner or two in the city. Another thing, the seats are tight, and if you let them pick your seat for free you are almost guaranteed a middle seat. I am a big guy (6'1 225) and prefer an aisle seat, but for an hour flight I sucked it up. The flight crew was friendly, helpful, and courteous. There was no one with tape measures out making sure bags met requirements, so im not sure how they police their carryone policies. This all being said, I knew what awaited me and was happy with the savings. For a short flight for a weekend trip it'd be fine. i dont think I could go cross country though."
"Houston to Cancun. I flew Spirit Airlines for the flight times I needed, not to be cheap. I paid for our checked luggage online, it was only $10 more than any other airline, upgraded our seats for an extra $100 and they were comfortable and roomy. We did not order food or drinks. I will fly them again. We still came out with less costs with the upgrades."
"Verified Review | I booked my first trip with Spirit Airlines and was worried about my decision given all the negative reviews. I can gladly say that I had a great experience with them. The biggest piece of advice has been repeated over and over, do a little research and know their pricing rules. Their website is easy to navigate and doesn’t hide where the added costs can be incurred. To save a few bucks: 1) Pay in advance for your bags and pay attention to the sizes of each. Please, please do not wait until you’re at the airport to decide you want more than just a personal item. 2) You can fit a lot into a bag that maximizes the free personal item size requirements. Use it! 3) Consider sharing a checked bag with your travel partner. Most airlines allow 50lbs for a checked bag, but Spirit is 40lbs. There is no weight limit on the free personal item, so put your heavier items in that bag to avoid being overweight on your checked bag. Careful about the liquid/gel allowances. 4) Don’t bother with paying for seat selection unless you really need to. Check in online as early as you can, and chances are you will be seated next to your travel partner. If anything, someone could swap seats with you or you can handle a couple hours independently. 5) Don’t pay for shortcut boarding. You’ll get on the plane eventually and it will leave when everyone is on board. They do offer to board people traveling with small children or those requiring assistance first. 6) Print your own boarding passes. Most hotels offer a computer and printing station for your online check in boarding passes. 7) Bring your own snacks and an empty water bottle to fill at the airport. 8) Have a peek at the Contract of Carriage for anything that requires clarity and know what you’re entitled to. Pay attention to 7.2.5. (page 18) for items that don’t count towards carry on limits. What I liked about my trip: 1) The staff were all very friendly. Be kind and respectful and you’ll get it back. One flight attendant on the way back from LAS to DTW had a great sense of humour when making the overhead announcements. If anyone was rude, it was the airport staff at the security check. 2) Both flights left on time and arrived early. 3) Seats were comfortable (they don’t recline) and the leg room was enough for me at 5’8”. 4) No in-flight movie is no big deal. Bring your own entertainment or handle a couple hours without staring at a screen. 5) Other than the ‘frills’ you know you’re not getting, it was no different than flying with any other airline. You’re saving money. The only complaints I have are that: 1) I booked a package with Travelocity and was not given the option to pay for checked bags at the time of booking (which meant an extra $10 a bag when added later) 2) I had emailed to ask if mobile boarding passes were allowed (they’re not yet) and never received a response, but I did get an email asking me to do a survey about my satisfaction with their response to my question. Just like any other airline, flights get delayed or cancelled and baggage gets lost, but it’s about how the airline handles these situations that can affect my satisfaction with the airline (I’ve waited 30 hours through 3 cancelled flights in a row with another airline before). From what the Contract of Carriage says, their compensation does not seem too different from what other airlines offer. As I have not experienced these issues, I would absolutely fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Flew Houston to Orlando. Having seen a couple of reviews I was anxious to say the least. However, the staff were great and the flight punctual. Yes, as with any \"no frills\" airline, you pay a premium for extras. However, by using your brains you can minimise these costs by a bit of planning. Several reviews mention the lack of reclining seats, for me this was actually a bonus, as I don't particularly appreciate having the seat in front of me reclined and restricting my space. The aeroplane was brand new and perfectly clean. In a nutshell, if you don't understand the \"no frills\" model, don't use Spirit; if you do, then they are perfectly OK."
"Ft Lauderdale to Orlando. I have flown this airline before and have been disappointed. However I had a morning flight from 7 AM to 8 AM. Needless to say it was flawless. The plane was already there and we actually took off five minutes early and arrived at our destination 10 minutes early - I was quite impressed. I know this is only one flight but still it was excellent."
"When we were looking for a cheap flight, it was impossible to beat the price, $200 roundtrip, with us paying for a suitcase in the ticket price. We had no problem with departing Cleveland or Las Vegas, both flights left on time, and landed when they were scheduled to. Seats and cleaniness were no different from any other flight I have flown before, is it first class seating, um no, but is it totally uncomfortable no. The most important thing to consider is read the print on the website before you book. Don't over pack (stay under 40 pounds on suitcase), print your boarding pass before you go to the airport (otherwise they will charge you $10 for each one), be prepared no WiFi - surprised since that would be a way to make more money for Spirit, so bring something to read or do, and buy a drink/food at the airport and carry it on the plane. All the Spirit airline employees we dealt with at both airports/ planes were all courteous and professional. Maybe we were fortunate on this trip with no problems, but no complaints here, and when you do a good job, you should get a pat on the back. All three of us agreed we would fly Spirit again."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Las Vegas. The most efficient boarding and exit I have had on any airline. The flight staff was very friendly and accommodating. The seats were not bad at all for a short flight. I will fly them again! Both the departing flight and return flight were on time both take offs and landings were smooth. If you use your head and prepare for your flight there will not be problems. I cannot understand all the horrible reviews of this airline. Those people must not understand it's an economy airline and you literally get what you pay for."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Houston. I have not flown in many years, the seats were comfortable the crew was friendly, everything was extremely nice I will definitely fly Spirit again. Not only was the service superb but we landed 30 minutes ahead of schedule. I appreciate how I was treated on Spirit, having flown a competitors airline on the way back to Orlando was nowhere near the great experience I had."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Orlando. This was our first experience on Spirit and I must say that I was pleasantly surprised. I will fly with them again. The baggage rules are extensive but they are in place to speed up the boarding process. If you want a drink you pay for it, just like any restaurant. Staff was courteous and Interactive. The plane was clean and in good working order. Overall completely satisfied with my trip."
"I see people complaining about the cost of added baggage and the no frills aspect. I flew from Houston to Minneapolis non stop for $128 plus the $25 carry on charge both way, so round trip was $180. The cheapest frills flight was $762 bucks. I am sorry but for a 2.5 hour flight I can handle some rudeness (Which didn't happen) and some discomfort (only slightly less comfortable that Delta or AA) I am 6'1\" and 270 lbs and was fine. Feel free to pay a bunch extra for the other airlines, your choice. If any other airline was with 25% of Spirit would I fly them? Possibly, but in this case I will take just about any inconvenience except delayed flights to save $500."
"Verified Review | All the additional fees are clearly stated before you purchase tickets! It's a \"bare fare\", if you want luxury - buy tickets for a triple price from different airline. I was more than satisfied with our flight from Atlanta to Boston, and back. The flights were on time, arriving even earlier than anticipated. Customer service was superb, flight attendants cracking jokes, very courteous. I have read the bad reviews before our trip and was afraid, but decided that financial benefit in my situation is bigger than bad reviews. I would fly Spirit Airlines with no hesitation next time. Great job! I am sorry people cannot read what is included and what is not, and complain about their own mistakes. The one and only note - the seats are uncomfortable."
"Atlantic City to Montego Bay via Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. I had heard terrible things about Spirit but I can said our flights were great. I was nervous but the price was good and our hotel was very expensive so we wanted to save. We booked early, and we paid for our bags early. We took our own snacks. We were only 5 minutes late arriving and on time returning home August 22nd. The only down part was our long lay over in Florida but going home it was much needed because we didn't go through customs until we reached Florida. Great job"
"Myrtle Beach to Baltimore before taking this flight I had never heard of Spirit Airlines. But every time I told someone I had reservations with Spirit they rolled their eyes. It was a great flight. My girlfriend and her son were on board too. It was his first time flying and he loved it. On the way back one of the F/A's was particularly nice. It was a great end to a fabulous vacation."
"Verified Review | Flew Spirit Airlines from Boston to Dallas. I will admit I was very nervous to fly the airline with all the reviews I had read especially thinking I would be getting on their ugly yellow bus plane, but my family ended up on one of the white ones with blue tail. We did leave 2 hours late, but I did know that early in morning so we just didn't rush to airport and had time to eat before. The cons - uncomfortable seats that don't recline and very narrow aisle which is tough trying to get to the bathroom, no WiFi, no movies and no freebie snacks. The Pros - The smoothest flight I've been on in a long time. Good take off and landing. The flight attendants were friendly and funny. Would I be so lucky to have the same experience if I chose to fly them again? Not sure, but thought it was only fair to them to give them some good feedback that they deserve."
"Verified Review | I completely understand the negative reviews of Spirit but, if you want to save money, actually understand the rules, and are willing to deal with tight seating, mediocre customer service, and a spotty on-time record, Spirit might work for you. Anything other than a personal item will cost you extra. This is very clearly explained when you're booking. Deal with it. Seating is tight and not particularly comfortable. This is also explained during booking. Deal with it. If you need overhead space, pay to board early or take your chances. This isn't rocket science. Aside from potentially saving some serious cash, the biggest perk on Spirit is the credit card application deal they offer on some flights. Fill out a credit card app in-flight and you get a 2,500 mile voucher for free. That's good for a free one-way flight. It's not for everyone, but if you play your cards right, Spirit can definitely work out for you."
"I took Spirit now for the second time in three months flying from Los Angeles to LAX to Phoenix. I have not had an issue with them. I really enjoy the Big Seat option. It was only a small upgrade to get it. The price for this ticket was well worth it. Plane was on time both ways. Staff were friendly."
"Verified Review | New Orleans to Oakland via Los Angeles. I am not made of money and look for the best deal on all airlines. This is my 3rd time flying Spirit and I actually enjoy this airline. I just took a trip with 18 friends, 12 on Spirit and the others on SWA. The SWA flight was delayed leaving NOLA, landed in San Diego - cancelled flight and had to spend most of the night in at airport. The 12 of us made it to Oakland, on time and hassle free. Same situation coming home, it was easy. Yes, we did experience a delay and sat for one hour before take off, but what airline does not experience the same issue? I dislike that you have to pay to carry a \"larger\" item on to the plane. In most cases, I have never paid to take a carry on and just walk right on. Let them select your seat, and you just need to say \"NO\" to all extras to continue with your reasonably priced ticket. So what if you have to pay for water or a coke? If that is all you have to complain about, then pay a few hundred dollars extra and fly another airline. I just refuse to let someone dig as deep as possible into my pockets for the same service."
"Verified Review | My friend and I recently traveled with Spirit Airlines from Minneapolis to Los Angeles. Before departure I read some reviews about the airline and became worried about the type of service we would receive. Contrary to the numerous negative reviews, by experience with Spirit was very nice. A round trip ticket from Minneapolis to Los Angeles was around $150 for myself. Charging $55 for a carry on bag seemed steep, but in the long run it was more cost effective than purchasing a normal ticket from a different airline. The seats didn't recline, but it was only a three hour trip so it wasn't bad. Since the seats didn't recline I didn't have to worry about having less leg room because of the person sitting in front of me. There were no in-flight movies or food, but on other airlines half of the time the movies don't work and the food is terrible. Spirit does have food for purchase in-flight, but I chose to purchase food at the airport before we left. Our in-flight crew was wonderful, and one of the members did a funny skit about how to properly use the bathroom and how to behave while sitting in our seats (some people even clapped when he was done). Our flight out departed at the right time (which has not happened with other airlines that I have flown!). Our flight back departed an hour and a half late, but more often than not delays are due to air traffic control. If you are looking for a cheap flight, and your flight time is not very long, I would highly recommend using Spirit Airlines. Be sure to either purchase your carry-on baggage online when you book your tickets, or when you print your boarding pass at the airport check-in terminal. I paid $55 for my carry-on when I printed my boarding pass during check-in. If you reach the gate without paying for you carry-on you may be charged up to $100. Plan ahead, download some music and movies onto your phone/iPod, and your flight with Spirit will be just fine."
"I flew from Baltimore (BWI) to Boston (BOS). I would recommend flying with Spirit, only if you are travelling alone and going for a short duration flight (maximum of 2 hours). The seat is so uncomfortable, it does not recline, we have to sit erect throughout the flight. Water costs $3. But, besides that: Cabin crew were friendly, the plane was clean, take off and landing was smooth. I think, the price worth it. But, I would not recommend flying with Spirit if its price is relatively closer with other airlines."
"Houston to San Pedro Sula with Spirit. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Spirit if you can read, follow directions, and have some patience you can have a decent experience. I found some things confusing, like the 9$ fare but I'm not a frequent flyer so I really don't think this will benefit me. Other than that I knew enough to understand that I had to pay extras for almost everything. It still came out to be a lot, yes a lot, less than other airlines. After reading all the bad reviews I decided to give it a try. To be on the safe side I also purchased the \"insurance\" just in case. All went well. I checked in online, printed my passes, showed up early to drop my bags off, got through TSA then waited. Boarded the plane, which by the way looked brand new, found my seat which was plenty roomy, aisle was even larger than other planes. Got where I needed to go with no fluff - just the way I like it. Now I hope my return flight will be the same. If not I'll be right back here letting you know. Really though, if you can follow directions then you will be just fine flying Spirit Airlines."
"Verified Review | I have been a Spirit $9 fare member for several years and have had no problems, I fly from LAX to DTW a couple times a year to see family. Yes a couple of times they weren't on time but never over a half hour late. I flew this past Saturday June 25. the 8.15pm flight, it was a new plane, very nice and yes you should know that Spirit seats do not recline but for 4-4.5 hr flights that is no problem. I always check my bags for $21 and my carry on is free that I put under the seat and I carry my purse. The flight attendants kept checking on people and they asked me twice if I wanted more ice for my drink."
"Verified Review | People who complain about Spirit are people who are looking for a full flying experience. Spirit was cheap, and if you properly take your time to read, you would see that if you pay online for your checked bag or carry on you save money and if you print out your boarding pass at home takes 2 minutes and saves money. Take an empty water bottle if you don't want to pay $3 for water. You don't have to pay for a seat if you let Spirit randomly assign where you sit when you print out your boarding pass. I fly alone so this isn't a problem. And if you want to sit beside a friend/family member, seats are only $8 to guarantee you sit together. Unless you are a very tall or wide person, the seats are completely fine. There's no movies or Wifi but take a book to read or play a game on your phone. The plane was extremely clean, the staff was friendly and willing to help, flights were on time - some even leaving a little early. Boarding was pushed back slightly but the plane still departed on time (actually a few minutes early). Bottom line: if you are looking for a cheap and clean way to get from point A to point B, I 100% recommend flying with Spirit."
"I steered clear of Spirit Airlines for years due to the bad reviews. However, I needed a flight at a fairly reasonable cost for this trip. Absolutely no problems with my trip from Las Vegas to Minneapolis. Although I was over my baggage limit flying out of Las Vegas, the agent was kind and friendly. I am disabled and was provided the utmost in service. I did notice however a few of their flights were cancelled when I got to the gate. No reason was given but I hoped it was not mine. Otherwise, clean planes, pretty modern and newer, not much seat room but if you fly Allegiant it's the same. You pay for a soda and Chex mix but not an issue with me. All in all I would fly again with Spirit."
"Myrtle Beach to Chicago with Spirit Airlines. I flew with my 3 teenagers and had a fantastic flight. The staff on the plane were fun and friendly. I got a great deal on my airfare and the flights were on time. My teens and I didn't care about legroom or soda, so I was grateful that we didn't have to pay for these items in our fees. I'm planning on flying Spirit in the future."
"Verified Review | On the 29th May I flew from Los Angeles (LAX) to Portland (PDX) with Spirit Airlines on an A319. Before I flew, I saw many reviews from other passengers that flew with the airline before, and I was expecting the worst, but they surprised me. The airplane was very clean and neat, also the crew were fantastic and enthusiastic, we took off on time. In addition it only took 1.50 hours from LAX to PDX instead of the 2.30 hour usual flight time. I can add that although it has 28 inches of pitch, seats were comfortable."
"Verified Review | This is an all economy airline and if you want anything more you have to pay for it. This airline doesn't make you pay for a share of those seats that are in first class because there is no first class. There isn't a lot of room for seating, hardly any padding in the seats and they don't recline. If you want to snack on the plane you better bring it with you or whip out your credit card cause they don't take cash. The flight attendants were nice and helpful and the flight from San Jose to Houston was uneventful. I don't need all the frills the other airlines offer so for me its just a way to get from point a to point b. Next time I fly with them I will bring something to pad the metal bar in the seat back. We checked our bags and we had to wait probably 15 or 20 minutes longer than what we consider usual after going through customs and immigration."
"Verified Review | A quick one day business trip to New York, turned out to be an involuntary two day trip, due to a cancelled flight as a result of mechanical problems. While every one else will probably blame the airline for poor service, I would actually like to commend them. As a budget airline, they did far more than I would have expected them to do. They had around 200 irate customers to deal with, but they handled each and every one with respect and the utmost of patience, even though a lot of frustration bubbled over at times. Yes, the line was long and the wait even longer, but that was more the fault of each passenger taking time to decide. The outcome was that they provided me with a hotel room, a return transfer to the hotel plus food vouchers. All of these by far surpassed the value of my very basic fare ticket. They did this with a smile and a desk team that stayed on until every single passenger had been accommodated. Airlines all have the same functions, but what distinguishes one from the other is how they deal with problems. For me, Spirit deserves a 10 out of 10 for the way they handled this situation. People often lose perspective - you choose Spirit because you want an affordable option between point A and B. Technical problems happen. Delays happen. And yes, you pay for every extra bit. That is good though, because it puts the choices back into our hands, as the consumer. I would use them again."
"Houston to Las Vegas with Spirit Airlines. I love Spirit - great prices and nonstop flights. Great customer service. Flights usually on-time. The food menu is basic and the seats do not recline but for the price no complaints. Me and my family are proud members of Spirit and don't fly with no other companies."
"Houston to San Diego return with Spirit Airlines. I was very worried at first about flying Spirit but after I had taken the first time I was satisfied. The flight attendants were good going to and from our destination. On our way home, a lady had a crying baby and they were helping the mom to keep the baby entertained and giving the baby things to play with. Custumer service at the ticket booth in San Diego were nice and helpful. Only 1 staff member in Houston had a poor attitude but other than that overall experience was great."
"Verified Review | Flew Baltimore to Detroit. Spirit Airlines is not all that bad. People just aren't doing their research before flying. Yes there are a lot of extra fees but you have to calculate if they are worth it. The cheap ticket is worth the flight of you calculate how much in total it will be with the bags. Print your tickets at home as well. The leg room is not all the bad and I am 6 foot 2 inches tall. Know the fees and calculate the total price and then fly. This airline can be really good if you know what you are doing."
"Dallas Ft Worth to Los Angeles. I had never traveled with Spirit Airlines, maybe because I didn't give myself the opportunity to, but I'm glad I did. I can't thank you enough for the awesome price, comfort and friendliness of everyone. Captains and staff were so professional and kind and very helpful."
"Portland to Phoenix via Los Angeles. It's a shame more people do not read the website prior to booking this airline. We have been flying Spirit Airlines recently and have educated ourselves on how to fly with them. We have found them efficient, affordable and the most friendly airline we have ever used. We have traveled extensively throughout the years and our prior airline of choice was Alaska. Not anymore. We travel more often now (due to the affordability) and have yet to experience anything but exceptional care - but, you must read their website so you fully understand what this great airline is truly about!"
"Chicago Midway to San Diego. Despite warnings about service, amenities, etc, I had an overall great first flight with Spirit. The online booking experience was straightforward: what you agree to is what you got, no deviations. The flight crew was satisfactorily attentive without being either super sweet or unnecessarily salty. The seating is really tight (I'm barely 5' tall on a good day, and I felt scrunched with minimal leg room); our return gate at O'Hare was switched in mid-air to a tarmac entrance and there was no in-cabin announcement about the change (what good does a text alert do if you can't read it because by necessity your device is in airplane mode?) - it was about 40 degrees outside and blustery to boot, plus (and this is the worst) there was no apparent readily available accommodation for anyone in a wheelchair either off the plane or into the terminal after disembarking, the random seating algorithm might need re-coding because I got perfectly primo seats on packed flights both ways (14A leaving and 15A returning) though I was in \"Zone B\" and \"Zone C\" respectively. So, even with a couple question marks involved, for no-frills value with a capital V, Spirit worked for me."
"Las Vegas to Kansas City return on Spirit Airlines. I was very nervous to fly, but pleasantly surprised! The flight out was perfect, no wait time, employee's were the best, I couldn't ask for better. The flight home was delayed due to weather, clearly not their fault, but when we could go, they got us on quickly and got taken off immediately. I cannot say enough good things. The only thing I would've changed is the seats, they could've been a little bigger, but I paid $160 for 2 roundtrips, so I can't complain. On a side note, I met an awesome couple going to Vegas for the first time, if they by chance read this I wanna give them a shout out. Thank you Spirit for helping this very nervous mom with a 14 year old flying for the first time. We'll be using you again!"
"Verified Review | Orlando to Houston with Spirit. Flight was on-time, aircraft was clean and only a few minor hiccups. Our plane arrive 15 minutes late, but the crew made up most of the delay in turn-around time and flight time. Cabin crew was pleasant but the new normal of salty at best. Companies should be ashamed of how they \"beat down\" their employees, any cabin crew over the age of 30 have been salty to say the least. Only oddity was the lavatory sink was inoperable so a little box of sanitizer wipes was there instead - hilarious."
"I purchased 2 round trip Spirit Airlines tickets from Boston to Fort Lauderdale Florida for our two sons on break from college. The trip went perfectly. You can the view the flight status for all flights leaving and going to the same route as yours and that day there were 6 flights in total. ALL were in the air no later than 15 minutes of schedule and all landed right about on time. They accepted both son's back packs as a free carry-ons. One measured 18x15x10, the other was bigger at 22x16x8. I read one complaint that a woman tried to bring a laptop bag and a large purse and they charged her for the purse and she blamed the airline - it was her fault for not reading the fine print. The airline saves you a lot of money but there are significant up-charges if you don't read the fine print. Purchase your assigned seats at booking or you won't sit next to each other. I did ($52 total for two tickets round trip). If you don't, you'll pay double. Print your free boarding pass. If you don't, you'll pay $25 per ticket. Pay for any luggage at time of booking. If you don't, you'll pay $100 per bag. That's how they make money. But if you do your homework, you can keep that money in your pocket."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Ft Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines. I was skeptical to fly Spirit due to reviews, but I was pleasantly surprised. It exceeded my expectations. Flights were on-time, staff was friendly and check in very simple. I admit that I read up on the company before booking and as long as you purchase all up front, there are no surprises."
"Verified Review | I needed a drink on this flight (Flight NK266, April 26 2016, Zone 2, Seat 2D) from Loss Angles to Philadelphia. I had the cash to pay for it and also had a credit card from the UK but neither was acceptable under company policy. The steward on duty came over when all seemed lost to me and offered me a drink and a cake at his expense. Needless to say I was very appreciative of his kindness and offered him the cash but he declined to accept. On the way from Philadelphia to Los Angeles a week earlier (Flight NK267, April 20 2016, Zone 2, Seat 1D) I was in a similar situation but was similarly treated by the stewardess on duty who gave me a cup of coffee and a sandwich and would not accept payment for it."
"Baltimore Washington to Chicago O'Hare. In defense of Spirit Airlines, they tell you everything up front about possible additional charges. Thankfully, I was traveling light and did not need to purchase anything else. The flights were both quick and safe and we even got to Chicago so early that they didn't have a gate ready for us. Overall, the price was around $80 cheaper than any other airline. I just wish Spirit flew to more places, so I wouldn't have to drive as far to BWI to fly them."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying with Spirit and I was pretty nervous flying with an airline I have never heard of. I'm from the St. Louis area but I could not beat the prices Spirit Airlines had to offer from Kansas City to LA so the drive to this airport was well worth it. It was easy check in and my flights were in time and the service was great. This was probably my best flight experience."
"My Spirit Airlines experience was a good one. I flew round trip from Latrobe to Orlando. I was quite pleased with my experience with them. The most negative thing I would have to say is read things very carefully about the bags and such. I missed checking a bag for my return flight when I initially booked my flights. I added it on when I realized my mistake and ended up paying a little more for the bag. Lesson learned. For heavens sake allow enough time to get through check in and TSA security!"
"Orlando to Detroit. Due to health reasons I have been reluctant to fly for quite awhile. I had to have assistance to and from the gates. I was so very pleased with how helpful and courteous your employees were. Never thought I would have to be pushed in a wheelchair, but this trip removed my fear. I cannot walk long distances - thank you for a wonderful experience and and a beautiful flight. Will not hesitate to repeat soon."
"We purchased 4 Spirit Airlines round trip tickets from Baltimore to Dallas Ft Worth for $381.This included our bags and seats. If you pre-print your boarding passes and pay for bags and your seat online you won't have any hidden fees. We had excellent customer service going both ways. Our flight arrived early which was great. I didn't mind having to pay for my own snacks since I always bring my own anyway. For the travel price I'm completely sold and was highly satisfied with Spirit Airlines. Do your homework and find out what you have to do to avoid extra fees at the airport. I would recommend them to my friends and family!"
"This was my 1st time flying with Spirit Airlines and I had heard terrible things about them, quite frankly I was extremely nervous. My friend assured me that her experience was great with them so I decided to take a chance and see. My son and I booked our trip and we were pleasantly surprised with our flight from Dallas Fort Worth to Fort Myers, Florida. The flight crew were great and the customer service was excellent. The customer service in Fort Myers was excellent. We were supposed to check in 45 minutes early but were running late, not only did they allow us to go ahead and board but they did not charge us any additional fee's. We actually boarded at 5 minutes before take off. My friend's son has asthma and was not feeling good, the flight crew catered to him they kept bringing him refreshments at no charge."
"Verified Review | Dallas Ft Worth to La Guardia. Despite the many negative reviews, I had a great experience with Spirit on both legs of my trip. All of the employees from check in to the flight attendants were pleasant and cheerful. There were no hidden fees as many report. They have a simple, easy to navigate website that explains everything. Many people complain about leg room. I'm 5'11 and had several inches between my kneeson and the seat in front of me. Oh, and both flights left on time and arrived early. I would absolutely not hesitate to use them again!"
"Verified Review | I chose Spirit on purpose based on price, efficiency, and skill for my recent travel from Las Vegas to Atlanta. Both legs of the journey with an absence of drama and professional, and I particularly enjoyed the friendly, efficient gate crew in Atlanta. I commend the crew from the cockpit to the cabin, and definitely enjoyed the nonstop option from my big seat!"
"First time flyer on Spirit Airlines and will not be our last. We flew round trip from Chicago to Los Angeles over Spring break and have nothing but positives to say about Spirit. I read reviews and was concerned but willing to take our chances with back up plans in place. I read their website so knew exactly what to expect. Everything was perfect for us. I booked with ease, selected seats for an additional charge which I was willing to pay and printed off boarding passes prior to arriving at airport. Checked the baggage requirements and packed accordingly. Our round trip flights went without a hitch. Both flights were on time even left a bit early, were smooth, captains were informative and landing was excellent. When we were waiting for our return flight numerous other airlines had delayed flights but all of Spirits flights were on time. We would and will use Spirit Airlines again. I recommend first time flyers read Spirit website so you know what to expect. By the way snacks at the airport are more expensive than snacks on board Spirit for the same size. Knew this as well."
"I must admit that I was positively surprised about Spirit Airlines with my flight from Houston to Denver. I pay for my luggage, printed my boarding card and everything was smooth. The check in was courteous and quick and the flight was on time. Whilst I realise that they do charge a lot for luggage and that they are somewhat often delayed, I was really pleased with my flight and I would fly with them again."
"Verified Review | It's important to remember that Spirit is a low cost carrier and they do everything to turn a profit and keep their costs to a bare minimum. This translates into savings for flights that otherwise might be double at the major airlines. THIS is important to keep in mind. They're not offering luxury but they will get you there inexpensively. The service I received from flight attendants was kind and pleasant. The few flights of Spirit that I've been on have all yielded similar results and it's worth noting that no matter what airline you're on, you're going to get back what you put out. As a taller person I'd find almost any airline seat (that's not first/biz class or premium economy) uncomfortable and in that sense, Spirit flights aren't drastically different from any other flight you'd take from any other carrier. On the flight coming back from Vegas, I purchased a premium seat and due to a technical snafu whereby they thought I had canceled my trip (they manually boarded me in Atlanta so they had no electronic record of my having flown) I was only allocated a regular seat. However, the manager on duty at McCarran was incredibly understanding and sympathetic and found me an upgraded seat to move into (as they were all technically purchased and I had no choice but to get bumped down, lest the same thing happen to somebody else) without hesitation. I do notice that Spirit flights often experience delays and cancellations, however the company is growing rapidly to meet passenger capacity needs so these problems that arise when flights are delayed getting in from one place, thereby affecting that plane's itinerary for each of its following legs, or when crew time out. All in all, Spirit get you there and get you there cheaply, if not always on time (but usually with little delay). They've got a wonderful, on the whole younger group of crew, their in-flight services leave you wanting for little (I highly recommend their pre-made \"Tequila-Rita\" cocktail) and won't break the bank, and overall still offer anything you could require in an air travel experience."
"I get that some people really hate Spirit Airlines, but I'm going to stick with it. You get what you pay for. My flight was over spring break to Tampa from Dallas. Due to inclement weather, my flight was canceled and there I was stranded at DFW. No options whatsoever. After waiting in a pathetically long line, I finally got to somebody to talk to who arranged me a flight via Detroit. I missed my Rent-A-Car (non-refundable) and my plans were messed up but honestly, it wasn't their fault. And if I get to pay so less for just a few hours of discomfort, I'm honestly fine with it. Surprisingly enough, my airplane was very comfortable. Wasn't expecting that with Spirit. Overall: I love Spirit for their whole 'bare-fares thing.' People complain about their in-flight entertainment and food and beverage and how they charge you for your luggage. People, pack light and just carry-on. I mean come on. I was going for 10 days, but I survived with a duffel bag. Half of these flights aren't that long that you will starve. Bring your own food."
"Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines, and the flights were on time - employees were all friendly. The cabin is too crowded and the seats were by far the most crammed uncomfortable seats I have ever experienced. However, for a family of 4 to fly direct to Fort Lauderdale over March Break for $720, I can suck it up for 3 hours of discomfort. I would fly Spirit again."
"Overall, I had a positive experience with Spirit Airlines flying from Baltimore to Fort Lauderdale. Prior to my flight, I read some horrible reviews and was not sure what to expect. The entire process went smoothly from check in to obtaining my luggage. This airline I would say, would be compatible for short flights. The baggage is slightly pricey. You basically get what you pay for. I packed my own snacks and drinks so I would not have to make any extra purchases but for those that can not go two hours without food and complained on other websites need to reconsider flights. The captain warned us when we would hit turbulence. Overall, good experience."
"Minneapolis to Orlando. I selected Spirit Airlines for the cost and the fact that they had non-stop flights when I wanted to go/return. I studied up on their fees and booked on-line. I can honestly say that I was impressed and would recommend them to anyone. Know what they are, and there's nothing to be disappointed in. Both our flights this week boarded on time. We pre-paid for carry-on bags (had no checked luggage), we brought snacks, we pre-selected seats and we have nothing but good things to say about the staff and service."
"I knew what I was doing and read up on their rules. I avoided all extra charges except the few beers I bought (3 for 17 bucks). The seat didn't recline but it was already in a mid recline. I slept just fine and enjoyed my trip. I will fly them again and because of their low fare I will be able to afford more trips. All the reviews I read are clear that these people don't read their rules. My flight was also delayed by an hour going out there but these things happen. I was not upset and they were updating us as best as they could. I did notice more people got hit with the 100 bag fee on the return flight and I have a feeling it was because that flight was on time. The delayed flight I didn't see anyone get the fee and I was almost last to board."
"Everybody has heard of the bad reviews for Spirit Airlines. But I had to get to Fort Lauderdale and they had a last minute seat. The web site was easy to handle, and I knew ahead of time, to buy my upgrade and baggage online. The staff were friendly. The flight was full, due to the fact there was bad weather on the east coast. The pilot made up for it, and we were only 45 min late. Compared to other airlines, the staff was just as nice and informative, snack prices are high, but so are the other airlines. And lets be honest, I have flown United and American to Fll, and never got a snack or pillow or blanket, so what is the difference. None of the airlines offer the service that they did 20 years ago. Check in at either airport was no problem. So I really can't find a problem except for the fact there seats don't recline, which would be a problem on a long flight."
"On the return flight the captain invited my 2 boys into the cockpit, showed them what a few of the switches did and even let them make the \"welcome\" announcement to the passengers including that he (my 8 yr old) was their captain and they all were in good hands! It's rare any more flight crews are that welcoming. The entire crew was wonderful on our flights, my boys will remember that for a long time. Thank you! Both flights landed early, and were smooth trips."
"Minneapolis to Tampa, and I was nervous from the reviews but I'd give Spirit an A+. No delays, super friendly staff and cheap flight. The pilot took time with my son, and the flight attendant really catered to my five year old. I even watched her run with a remedy for a toddler with ear issues! Impressed."
"I paid $34 for this flight (compared to around $230 on other carriers) so I'm not going to expect luxury service. Seat didn't recline but I paid $34. Flight was delayed but I paid $34. They charged for a carry on so I did the research before getting to the airport! This airline is not made for comfort, it is made for affordability. With Spirit they give the option to not have to pay the ridiculous prices to pay for that."
"Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Tampa, an on time departure. Very friendly staff, comfortable seats and awesome price. Easy online navigation. The only negative thing I would say would have been the prices of snacks and pop / drinks for sale onboard - they were VERY expensive. Definitely will fly Spirit again."
"Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale. This was amazing from start to finish. We did our research, so we knew about the reclining seats, and no options, etc. But we were pleasantly surprised. The people at the check out counter were great. The prices were fantastic. We wouldn't have been able to go on our trip without Spirit. The seats were okay. Not dramatically different to regular airline seats. I did book a large seat for a large passenger in our group (but we would've had to do that with another airline too, and at a much higher expense). The flight was on time. The pilot was pleasant. The flight attendants were pleasant and helpful and kind to a disabled member of our party. The flight was uneventful and the flight arrived a few minutes early! If you know what to expect and you plan properly, you get a great deal that you can't refuse."
"Spirit Airlines is what it is. A cheap, bare-bones service with small seats, and below-average amenities. That said, the price and non-stop nature of the flight is what sold it for me. I am 6 foot 5 inches tall, and I would definitely recommend selecting your seat, and getting the exit door seats. My flight was only 2 hours, but I was in a sardine can for sure. My knees hated me. Other than that, the experience was pleasant. The boarding was 25 minutes late, but that was due to a mechanical error with the aircraft that was gated before our flight. Not their fault. There was a child screaming and kicking my seat the whole flight. Not their fault. Spirit was generally a good experience for my flight from Tampa to Cleveland and I would recommend if you need a cheap, last minute flight. If you have some extra cash, fly Southwest."
"Why does everyone have to hate on Spirit Airlines? Yes the seats are small and they charge fees for almost all extras. But, they dont charge any hidden fees. The website is completely honest about them being no frills. To me this means I only pay for what I need. Also, when I booked my flight from Cleveland to Dallas Fort Worth it even listed on the website that my flight out of Cleveland was often delayed. Sure enough it was delayed by 50 minutes. I was sent emails to inform me of the delay. This was a nice touch. Also this flight was direct. This saved me 2 hours. The fare was almost $300 less than the closest fare and all of those had a layover. If you read the website and Pay for all bags ahead of time and sign up for email alerts and you are not a complete whiny baby who wants the everything for free, you will be happy with the service."
"Baltimore to Las Vegas. I have flown wth Spirit Airlines for years and although the tickets are very inexpensive, I haven't had any real issues with my travel. Only one time was my flight cancelled due to weather but they took care of us by offering us either a refund or tickets for the next flight. I always use Spirit. Yes the seats are close but I didn't mind. My flight wasn't that long."
"Niagara Falls to Fort Lauderdale. I had read horrible reviews about Spirit and was really nervous about flying with them. Then I realized that most of the complaints were about things that were explained about a no frills airline. So when I booked my flight, I prepaid for my baggage, chose the online check in and knew that if I wanted a snack, I would have to pay or bring it with me. As we were getting ready to leave my house I decided to check my email, they sent me a few emails saying we were delayed by a little over an hour, we still decided to get there when we were supposed to to be on the safe side. I printed out my boarding passes at home, so when I got to the airport I just had to drop off my luggage at the front desk. The airport was really small and not much to do so we sat and waited. When the plane got there, they shuffled everyone off, did safety checks and got everyone on quickly. The staff was nice and pleasant for being the middle of the night. We were supposed to arrive in Fort Lauderdale at 5am originally, and even with the delay the pilot got us there a few minutes before 6am! We had them pick our seats for this trip and they were quite small. I am a heavy set person and was in the middle seat, it was a bit tight, but again, I knew they were smaller because I read this on their website. On our trip coming home, I tried to do the online check in, but their system was down all day. I was so nervous that they were going to charge me to do the check in at the desk. By the time we got there, their systems were up and running and I was able to check in at the kiosk without being charged the $10 pp fee. That's when I realized they had sent me an email saying our flight was delayed, yet again. When I got up to the front desk, the lady was really nice and explained that when their systems went down it grounded all the planes. So that put a delay in most of their flights. This delay was a 2 hour delay. Once again, they kept us informed about the delay and when the plane got there a quick turn over to get us on. I had decided to pay the $50 pp to get the bigger seats in the front because I remembered how uncomfortable they were coming down. It was worth it! It was still no frills, but the seats were much more comfortable. If they have empty seats in the front when the plane is full they will offer them for $75 instead of the $50 you can pay online. So all in all, I say if you want to book with Spirit, read up on their website what is allowed and when to pay for things, how to save money and know that the seats are smaller. Flights get delayed for various reasons. It has happened to me with commercial airlines many times before."
"Paid $52 + 10K frequent flyer miles for two round trip tickets. My daughter and I packed all our clothes in two boarding bags that fit the personal item sizer, so we didn't pay for bags. Did not pay for a seat assignment, but got upgraded to an exit row for asking on the return trip. We were seated together. Seating was tight in the economy section, but my legs did not touch the seatback in front of me. More annoying was the close proximity to some very loud talkers in the row behind us. There was plenty of legroom in the exit row seats on the return flight. Outbound flight departed and arrived about 30 minutes late. There was some snow falling at the time, so the plane had to be de-iced before departure. Return flight departed and arrived on time. Flight crew was courteous and professional on both flights. We bought two coffees for $3, which included unlimited refills. To get a refill, I just pressed the flight attendant call button, and they came and took care of it. I know exactly what to expect when I fly Spirit, and we got just what we needed."
"Spirit Airlines website clearly tells you prices are a la carte. If you want drinks, lots of legroom, 2 carry-ons etc then you are going to pay. I want a flight for 2.5 hours to Florida - and that's exactly what I got. I paid $23 for a flight that left 6 minutes early and arrived 11 minutes early. I had a small back pack as my personal item that was free. I paid $46.20 return to Orlando. The plane was clean. Seats, table and bathroom were clean. Staff was nice. Very few announcements. Embarking and disembarking times were good."
"After reading many negative reviews we only have positive comments about our own experience with Spirit Airlines flying from New Orleans to Las Vegas. The baggage charges we had read up about so we worked out it was cheaper to fill up our suitcases and not take hand luggage and pay the excess charges which was only $50. The flight departed on time, arrived early, the flight attendants were friendly. They do go on and on trying to get people to sign up to their own credit card miles promotion during the flight. In any case we were happy and as this was only one of 2 airlines offering a direct service between New Orleans and Vegas were happy that we did it for such a low price. In fact, minus a free soft drink there was very little in terms of cabin comfort to differentiate Spirit from full service airlines."
"Minneapolis to Dallas with Spirit Airlines. At airport, very friendly staff. Made you smile. Enjoyable. On the plane, laughed every time flight attendant (s) gave us instructions. First flight,ever, enjoyed our flight. Yes you were a bit squished in your seat and only one bag to carry on for free (no purse) just a backpack, but the very inexpensive flight was worth packing light and bringing my own snacks. We brought an I pad with movies so flight went fast. You want to save money? Sacrifice small space and light packing. Best part was friendly and funny staff."
"Atlanta to Tampa with Spirit Airlines. For a budget airline I was impressed with a high level of service both at check-in and on the plane. We arrived late and check in for our flight was closed. We we're put on the next available flight at no cost to us. We were humbled as it was our fault that we were late. On the flight staff were great. We found all extra costs were clearly explained and optional. Would recommend and will travel with them again."
"I always see bad reviews for Spirit Airlines, yet I just traveled with them and my flight from Boston to Las Vegas was pretty smooth. They tell you all about your baggage before you book, so I'm not sure why people complain about this. The staff were friendly and attentive. I would fly Spirit again. The only gripe I have is how uncomfortable the flight was."
"I have only flown three times, this trip from Dallas Fort Worth to Atlanta being the third, and was a little scared to fly with Spirit, because of bad reviews I had seen after I booked my flight. Nonetheless, I had already booked it so I really had no choice. This was the best flight I have been on yet! The staff was very friendly and the flight was very peaceful! Plenty of room and comfortable seating! I will be using Spirit for my next flying experience!"
"New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale with Spirit Airlines, and we've flown this route often. The crew is pleasant, the fares are great and the planes are clean. We often arrive early to our destination. You have to know that you will pay for extras but we seldom desire or require much during travel."
"Philadelphia to Dallas Fort-Worth return, and had an excellent experience. They are just as advertised: No Frills. The staff was awesome; they were accommodating, entertaining and informative. I read so many bad reviews before our flight- none applied to ours. We always buy direct from the air carrier so there isn't any confusion."
"Had a great flight from Cleveland to Orlando with Spirit once again. For such a low price and short flight, I had no need for entertainment or WiFi (which they do not offer to save on costs). The flight was smooth and the staff was great. We landed early in Orlando so overall, fantastic flight! I always fly Spirit to Florida and I highly recommend!"
"First flight with Spirit Airlines, round trip Atlanta to Los Angeles. Flights were on time. Friendly staff and crew. Comfortable seats, plenty of leg room. Plane seemed to be new, or well taken care of. I purchased my assigned seats and also paid for my carryon bag. I brought my own snacks. I did spend $3.00 for a Coke, that's certainly not a big deal. I will definitely fly Spirit again!"
"Dallas Fort Worth to La Guardia with Spirit Airlines. If you want an easy flight just read what's expected when you arrive to the airport and you won't have any problems. I knew I needed to have something for my teenage kids so I had portable DVD players and movies for them to watch on the plane. I knew that we had to pay for drinks and munchies, so I had that with me before boarding. I knew the seats were small for my 14 yr old who's 5'9 and over 200 lbs, so yes I paid extra for wider seats. Worth the money, very comfortable seats! By the way I don't care what airline I'm traveling, or if its only for myself, I get leg room seats. Luggage - just about every airline charges for carry on also. By the way gym bags are free of charge as long as they don't have wheels. My suggestion, pay for everything on line in advance. Especially if you leaving you car parked at the airport for long term parking."
"People need to understand you get what you pay for, Spirit is an ultra-low cost provider that gets you from point A to point B with no frills. For my flights they are often 1/2 the costs of the major airlines. My round trip flights form Minneapolis St Paul to Dallas Fort-Worth costs me about $100 and I've paid a little as $70. Nearly every complaint deals with nickel and dime fees that are mostly unjustified since all their rules and fees a clearly stated. I have been flying Spirit for the last few years (over 10 round trip flights) and my only complaint is the on-time-service; about half my flights have been delayed. Service and seat comfort are mediocre but acceptable but not too much different than the majors. This is coming from a highly experienced traveler that has amassed over 1M frequent flier miles on the major airlines. If your looking for cheap air travel and can travel efficiently, you really can't beat them, but just have the proper expectations."
"My husband and I traveled to Fort Myers Florida from Latrobe Pa. The flight was wonderful and the crew was nice and friendly. The flight was smooth, seats were comfortable. We did what was required by the airlines and did not expect anymore. On the flight back our seats were in the far rear of the plane, my husband asked if there was room for seat movement and the agent placed us in row 8 from row 27 with no issues. I love the bench style seating as if you do not want the chair arm down it would give a heavier person more room. I am 5 foot 6 and had plenty of leg room. Spirit flies direct so there is no layovers - big plus. If you choose to fly on an airline that has add on's then choose wisely, don't try to argue your way around it the rules are clearly written everywhere. We had no issues and we will continue to use this airline when possible."
"I am amazed that customers do not \"get\" the Spirit Airlines' philosophy of cheap flying when Spirit so clearly states what a basic ticket includes. I flew round trip from Atlanta to Ft Lauderdale back to Atlanta in the midst of the Christmas rush for less than $70 each way. Did I buy an extra bag at extra cost? No. Did I check in on line and print my ticket at home to avoid the advertised extra cost? Yes. Did I buy snacks and beverages once on board? No! I read the literature and packed a snack from home. Because the seats don't recline (and put the passenger in front of me in my lap) and because the seats don't have extra padding that takes up extra space, I was able to fully extend my legs under the seat in front of me. I was no more uncomfortable than I am on any airline, and even if I was, I would just smile at the money I saved. Spirit tells you what it takes to fly cheaply. You can certainly do so if you read and follow Spirit's directions. The choice is yours."
"San Jose to Los Angeles with Spirit Airlines. No problems, no surprises. I don't know what people are expecting when you pay half of the price as you do with another airline. The seats don't recline but if you are on a 3 hrs or less flight then it's okay. No delays, friendly staff. I only paid taxes + bags on a 99% OFF deal."
"I've flown Spirit the last 3 trips between TX and FL. Newer, clean planes, great fares, almost every flight I've taken got us there early! Friendly and funny crews. I recommend getting the Spirit Rewards mastercard and stock up on miles. Check out the off-peak travel times and book round trip for only 5000 miles. Of course you pay taxes but I just booked with Spirit for my next trip and it only cost me $26.49. Well worth it."
"I was so impressed with Spirit Airlines. We flew on the busiest days of the year, around Thanksgiving. The check in process was easy. Super friendly ticket agents. The flight attendants were nice to us. If you know the different rules about luggage (40 vs 50 lbs) and that you will be charged money if your one carry on does not fit under the seat, you will be fine. Also, prepare by bringing your own food or plan to pay for it on the plane. They were on time both ways. The airplane was clean and new. I am impressed and will fly on Spirit again."
"I have been flying with Spirit for the last 2 years. Noting but savings and affordability to flying more frequent to different destinations is my excellent experience with Spirit. I am very happy with the reward miles program of Spirit, allowing me to flying free twice a year. 5,000 miles for one way is unbeatable. I like the Spirit way to pay for what you use. Thanks Spirit."
"No abuse of carry ons. Spirit charges you for anything but a \"personal item\" such as a purse or backpack. I am sick of people trying to bring their entire wardrobe on the place as carry on, and the airline doing nothing to enforce the size or number restrictions. I don't think I should have to suffer the flight with my bag under my seat because someone brought an oversized carry on, their laptop, an overcoat, a briefcase, and a cosmetic bag (I've seen it happen!) No seat recline: OK, they dont, but they are so close together on any airplane, I like that the person in front cant put their head in my lap. Charging extra for seat assignments, drinks, etc: I'm OK with picking what I pay for. The vastly lower fares more than make up for it. You want a outrageously cheap fare? Fly Spirit. Want amenities? Fly someone else. Can't have it both ways. I have found their flights to be on time, staff friendly, and the fares can't be beat."
"Minneapolis–Saint Paul to Orlando with Spirit Airlines was the most incredible experience flying. We had two of the most awesome flight attendants I've ever dealt with. My 7 year old grand daughter was flying for the first time and very nervous. They calmed her and then invited her to help them during the flight. She was totally into helping them and had a wonderful trip. My hat is off to both of these ladies, the friendliest attendants in the sky. Thank you."
"This was our first trip with Spirit Airlines, and the four of us were dreading it because of the ugly press lately. Thus, we were pleasantly surprised when everyone was friendly and professional, and the airplane left and arrived on time (even early) both coming and going. We appreciated the staff helping our friend on in a wheelchair, letting us all board early with him. The pilot was very communicative throughout the flight. Staff was nice to everyone. The seats would not recline, but that meant the folks in front of you couldn't lean back your direction, either. We knew about all of the extra fees and planned accordingly, making sure everything fit into one suitcase for each couple, which we checked and paid for early to minimize extra cost. We decided to pay extra for seat choice, and it was minimal. My husband ordered food and drink, which was enough for both of us to share, and yes, we did pay extra, but we didn't mind. It turned out to be one of the best flight experiences we have had in years - happily!"
"This was my first time flying Spirit. I was very nervous about booking the flight after reading all the negative reviews. However, there was no beating the price. From what I've read, most Spirit customers rate this airline poorly due to \"surprise\" baggage rates or lack of inflight accommodations. Extra baggage rates are hardly a surprise. Every booking site (Expedia, Cheapair.. etc.) I visited clearly states that baggage fees may apply. You do have to pay for refreshments and snacks (just another cost that's included in other airline tickets). My flight was only about an hour long. No need for a snack or refreshment. I already had a bottle of water and ate at the airport. You get what you pay for, a flight from point A to B, simple as that. The plane itself was just like any other plane. It was clean and well kept and had comfortable seats. Flight crew was attentive and polite despite all the drunk people departing Vegas. Overall I was very satisfied with Spirit's services. They are quick and simple. I would definitely recommend then for low cost travel."
"Despite reading various reviews from other disgruntled flyers, I was pleasantly surprised with Spirit Airlines. I often fly to Las Vegas from Pittsburgh and found this experience to be the best in all the years I've been flying. Flying from the regional airport in Latrobe was stress free. The airline attendants were pleasant, the pilot was a show within himself. The flight left on time and arrived a little earlier than expected. Flying non-stop was an added plus. The price was extremely cheap. Regardless of the added fees plus joining the $9 club, I was able to get two tickets to Vegas for the price of one. Read the fine print and follow the suggested directions. It's all there on the website. If you read the guidelines, you will not experience any \"surprises\". I will fly Spirit again most definitely."
"I flew from Myrtle Beach to New York City for a very reasonable cost. Even though they cancelled our flight back home from New York I still couldn't give them a horrible review. The flight to New York was great and it wouldn't be fair to judge this airline because of cancelling my flight back home because of weather. I still say they could have given us some vouchers for food or a free flight, but I guess that's what you get when you spend 300 dollars on a round trip ticket for two. However Spirit is by far the cheapest airline I have been on and that includes the extra fees like baggage. Some of these people on here giving this airline bad reviews will be the first ones to rebook with them. Why? Because they can't find a cheaper flight anywhere else. Yes this airline gets lots of negative reviews but they are the only airline I have been on that fills up every single seat on the plane."
"I read the reviews and became horrified that I would never make it to Vegas. Several reviews said that they would cancel flights on a whim for various reasons, so I changed my flight to an earlier flight, so that if it were cancelled, I'd get another shot to get there on the following flight. However, my flight left on time, and arrived early. Their website is ridiculously easy to use, and changes are easy to make. If you read their website, you will know what to expect. Please don't assume. Everything is in print. All they provide you with is a seat and the flight. Bring your own snacks or drinks, print your own boarding pass OR pay for it to be printed by them, pay for your carry-on if it has to go in the overhead, pay if you want express boarding, drinks, etc. The legroom is tight, but I'm short. If you are tall, buy a seat with more legroom. I made another reservation moments ago."
"You must know the restrictions. Great flight, got to Chicago early. Very clean plane, great attendants. The food prices on board were much cheaper than the airport concession kiosks. I got the big seat going and the emergency seat coming back home - it was great. I will fly Spirit again."
"On our return flight from Myrtle Beach on October 26th, we wondered if the flight would be as good as the flight to Myrtle Beach on October 19th. We are happy to report that this too was an excellent flight. Left on time and arrived precisely on time. The overall experience was an excellent one. We would definitely fly with Spirit Air again."
"I can't complain about anything about our trip with Spirit Airlines. The flights were both smooth and no delays. We even made it home 26 min early. Flight attendants were very accomadating and friendly. I had to ask for a seatbelt extender and it was given to me discretely. I would definitely fly with Spirit Airlines in the future."
"I had read a lot of negative reviews and I wasn't sure what to expect with Spirit Airlines. Honestly the only reason I chose them was because the discount price was the only way I could afford my trip. Turns out I had no reason to be concerned. Yes, they charge for everything, but they tell you all that up front. I was not surprised at all. I opted to pay for my carry-on bag when I booked which is the cheapest way to do it with them. Even with having to pay for that, my flight was still easily $75 less than the next cheapest flight. Other than that, I did not opt for any extras. I printed my own boarding pass, I took the seat they assigned, and I did not purchase food or drink. At 5 foot 4 and 215 I'm not a small lady. I worried that the more cramped seating arrangement would be too cramped for me. This was also not the issue I thought it would be. I fit fine in my seat, even with the armrests down. I had plenty of leg room, even with my personal item under the seat in front of me. I wasn't worried about not being able to recline as this was only a 3 hour flight and I knew that I wouldn't need to recline. There is no seat-back entertainment screen like you find on other carriers, but I had brought my ipad with me so I was well entertained for the duration. The only thing I missed is that I like to see the route we're flying and see where we are, but I was fine without that information. I had also heard there were a lot of delays and cancelations on Spirit, for what some have said was no apparent reason. Again, this was not my experience. Both flights (departure and return) departed and arrived on time. I was very lucky in that there was nothing but perfect weather between me and my destination. Not that Spirit had anything to do with that, but it did turn out in their favor. The flight was quite smooth. The flight crew were all very friendly, smiling, and polite. The landings were particularly good. The one going in to Dallas was probably the smoothest I've ever experienced as I didn't feel it at all. The one coming home to Philly wasn't as good, but still top marks as I could only barely feel it. That all said I can't say for sure I will always use Spirit when I fly. While the seat was fine for my 3 hour flight, I'm not sure I'd want to sit there for a long flight. With their limited schedules and destinations I might also be concerned about flying during a typically bad weather season when a delay might mean not getting a flight at all until the following day. Also on that same note regarding limits, my trip this time was really to Austin, but Dallas was as close as Spirit would get me. If I was making that same trip again, I'd probably rather a more direct flight. All in all though, I'd recommend Spirit under the right circumstances."
"Contrary to other reviews I read about Spirit Airlines, this was a fantastic flight. We flew from a small airport in Niagara Falls to a moderate sized airport in Myrtle Beach. That may have helped the experience as departure was great as was disembarking and baggage retrieval. The website booking, flight status and online check in was great. The service at bag drop was good too. The plane is not large but the seats were wide enough and comfortable enough for a trip of less than two hours. Amazingly we arrived in Myrtle Beach exactly on time! Everything costs extra but the overall pricing was good. We recommend this airline."
"I felt compelled to defend Spirit Airlines after returning from Las Vegas last week. It was a non-stop flight from Detroit and the flight crew going down was probably the most entertaining bunch I have encountered. I knew what I was getting into beforehand - not paying for checked baggage is a thing of the past. I would have paid almost the same amount with any another airline. I also knew I wasn't going to get anything to drink/eat during the flight, so I bought a bottle of water and some snacks in the airport, big deal. The staff from checkin to disembarkation was friendly and the aircraft was practically new. I admit the seats were small - there definitely wasn't much knee room in front of me, but I'm a short gal and didn't really mind. I hate having people recline into my lap and snore the flight away, so not having the seat recline was no biggie either. The Detroit crew that works the 11:00 am flight had me in stitches the whole way. The flight home wasn't nearly as rambunctious, but I appreciated that after a few days of fun in Vegas on very little sleep. Again checkin was smooth, the flight crew was friendly and the pilot reassured us we were in good hands. Our tailwind even has us to the gate early. Overall, I would recommend Spirit Airlines. Is it no frills? Sure - but you can't beat the price!"
"I felt this review was a must. I read many many terrible reviews on Spirit Airlines. I was scared to death to fly with this airline and felt it might be ruined. The thing you need to do is do your homework. Pay for bags ahead, print your boarding passes online and brings snacks. After that, smooth sailing. Spirit did a wonderful job in baggage and taking care of us on flight. Flight was real smooth and no delays - our flight there was even early. My only complaint is the lack of leg room on the flight but it was dealable."
"Spirit Airlines gets a bad rap, so I wanted to post a good review, since my recent experience was wonderful. I had ended up with Spirit flights after booking an Expedia package. I had heard that Spirit planes were extremely uncomfortable and small. We had 3 flights in our Vegas trip (Philly to Chicago, Chicago to Vegas, then Vegas to Philly), and all 3 were on Airbuses that had plenty of room. It was no different than any other airline I've been on, so it was certainly not sub-par. I was as comfortable in my seat as you can be in coach on an airplane, and so was my best friend. Slightly uncomfortable flying overnight, but it was also the first time I'd ever done that. People also tend to complain about the extra charges, which seems odd, considering their website couldn't be more clear in explaining/advertising their bare fare. In our case, we only paid extra to choose our seats and check a bag each, which some other, more expensive airlines still charge for, anyway. I was perfectly fine without getting a \"complimentary\" snack/beverage on the flight, and I didn't need to take up space in the overhead with a carry-on. Everything was well worth the price. I've also heard tons of complaints about delays/canceled flights. This made me extra nervous, considering we had to make a connecting flight in Chicago on the way to Vegas. Well, our flights were the opposite of delayed. We left early, arrived early, and had plenty of time to connect. All 3 flights were either on time or ahead of schedule. The other complaints I've heard about the planes concern their upkeep/age. Our planes all looked clean/new, so, no problems there. I've never had a connecting flight, so I was slightly worried about our bags making it to Vegas. No problems there, either. And while their customer service also gets a lot of complaints, everyone I interacted or watched people interact with at Spirit was honestly wonderful. They were even giving balloons to toddlers. I give Spirit credit for helping me to enjoy my vacation, and I would definitely fly them again."
"For the first time, I chose Spirit Airlines for a short trip to San Diego. I usually use Southwest but because I had to make late reservations, I chose Spirit as it was over $200 cheaper. I had a biopsy on my liver on Friday, the day after my flight landed and returned to Las Vegas on Sunday. The crew/staff was wonderful and staff in San Diego took me gently by wheelchair to my gate. Exceptional service."
"I read reviews and I was quite scared to where I almost just did not fly with them at all. All the complaints were about luggage. If you read the fine print you will have no problems. Advice by your luggage online it will save you lots of money. I did online check in and I did not realize that once you did online check in you can't add luggage. I called the customer service and explained my situation and they helped me by resetting my online check-in so I could add my luggage for the discount price. They were nice and professional. Just make sure if you are checking in luggage to buy in advance. One more thing my flight was absolutely smooth and had plenty of room. Their aircraft are spacious and have plenty of leg room."
"I had been in Baltimore when the rains and flooding hit Myrtle Beach and was concerned that Spirit Airlines may have cancelled the flight back to MYR, but was assured that the flight was on schedule. The flight was about half full and all but about 6 passengers were Myrtle Beach residents anxious to get back home to check on their properties. The pilot warned us of a probable bumpy flight, but assured us we would get to Myrtle on time - we even arrived 10 minutes early and the flight was indeed bumpy, but the landing was smooth and the entire group cheered him on when we landed safely. Luggage was delivered to the carousel in record time. Mine was there before I had even made it to baggage claim. Many people on the flight knew they might have a difficult time getting through flooded and barricaded roads to their homes, but all of us were grateful to be back in MB safely."
"Just finished flying Spirit Airlines from Chicago, IL to San Diego, CA then back again. The ticket counter, gate agents, flight attendants and the ride all were all great. The flight itself was smooth. Yes, the seats are a bit tight but not bad. I will fly this airline again."
"Spirit Airlines flight was delayed but that's not what I want to talk about. I want to commend one of the pilots on that flight. I have had a total knee replacement if one knee and other knee needs to be done also, so I have to use wheelchair whenever I fly. There were three people needing wheelchair assistance and as. I was waitng my turn, one if the captains approached me and told me that he would be helping me. He was kind and courteous. As a matter of fact, he was very funny and went out of his way to make me feel relaxed and comfortable, as he wheeled my chair from the counter all the way to the entrance into the plane. Unfortunately, I did not get his name. Most pilots come and stand around, usually speaking with their colleagues, as they wait to be cleared for boarding; they don't usually greet the passengers, let alone assisting with a wheelchair. That was a very nice gesture and a very thougtful act, he did not have to do it. I really appreciated his kind act and may God bless him richly. I've flown several times with the airline because of the big seat and low fare (I am $9 club member)."
"Surprisingly decent experience with Spirit Airlines. We arrived at FLL, I had forgotten about the 40 pound max for bags, the agent was decent enough to charge us only once for 2 bags around 50 pounds. I agree with other reviewers that explain if you read, this can be a decent experience, they don't hide it, it's all in plain sight. Paid for the \"Big Front Seat\" on this short FLL-MYR route. Worth it, very comfortable older business class seating. Being 6'4, I'm happy to pay for this comfort. Left on time, arrived to Myrtle Beach early. Flight attendants were cheerful and humorous on the flight. All in all went fine. I was skeptical, and some of those fears were confirmed as I looked at the departure board in the Spirit terminal at FLL that my flight would be delayed. Flights to BWI and St. Thomas USVI were delayed for 5+ hours that day. We were just fine, but they were the only delayed flights for the day, people at those gates looked slightly upset! All in all, for the $65(!) we paid for flights it did the job. We don't get fares anywhere near that cost in Canada, so can't complain."
"This is the first time I have flown with Spirit Airlines. Very impressive and extremely efficient. The cabin crew were pleasant and helpful and the price was fantastic. I would recommend Spirit Airlines but remember to check their website for restrictions on baggage weight."
"This was our first time to fly Spirit Airlines. I got on Spirit Airlines website, listened to complaints and asked around to friends who had flown. We were so pleased with our flight and crew. If you read the rules of the airline, prebuy your bags (including a carry on), make sure your bag isn't over 40 pounds, realize that you are allowed 1 personal item (this includes your purse), buy a snack before you get on (you will have to buy anything on board including water), check in online and print your boarding passes at home or the hotel, then you will have an enjoyable experience. The staff at the counter was friendly, helpful and efficient. Our flight going was on time and returning was even early. I will fly Spirit Airlines again."
"You get what you pay for, and in Spirit Airlines case they are improving on that. The first few flights I took with them in 2014 were late and older planes, but the last several flights have been new or newish planes, good service, on time, and just in general a good deal. Yes, they make jokes that the only thing free on Spirit Airlines is the air, but overall it's a good value and is getting better as they add more planes and improve their customer service."
"I have flown Spirit Airlines many times over the past few years and must say other than 2 flights that were running late, all the others were great. I know this is not the airline for everyone, but if you read their policy's on their site, you will not have any problems. I do own their Mastercard which is an easy way to earn miles. Their card also has many perks one being an annual point bonus which gives an annual free regional round trip off peak trip each year. I was able to retire at an early ago and because of this am able to plan my trips many months in the future, this saves $ when you are booking a free ticket. I am also a big guy 6' 280 lbs, but as long as I book an aisle seat I don,t have a problem with the seat spacing, although I do admit on several occasions I have treated myself to the Big Front seats, which are very nice. My last flight from Las Vegas left on time, arrived 1/2 hour early, and was only 2/3 full (which is not common for Spirit), so the attendants let me sit in the back where I had 3 seats to myself! I have always found their inflight crew top notch, in fact this last flight had a captain that was SO FUNNY, he could have done stand up in Vegas! One last thing, to save on their carry on fee, American Tourister makes a carry on with wheels that just fits their size limit for a free carry on. You would not believe how much you can get in there! Again, this may not be the airline for everyone, but if you follow the rules, you will get to your destination safely, and save lots of $."
"This a congratulatory message to Spirit Airlines staff who managed flight 667 from Baltimore to Dallas. Many of the passengers scheduled on that flight were stranded for 6 hours or more, including myself who had just returned from an emergency in Germany where I had to leave my wife, and crossed the Atlantic on a 10 hour flight. I was really tired, but not as much as some who had been waiting 6 to 8 hours for flight 667. We were not told whether an aircraft was available and down for maintenance, etc. However, the airline came through and came with and airplane flown to BWI specially for us. We landed at DFW at/or about 0230 am. I would like to pass my grateful thanks to the crew. Without them we would not have reached our destination."
"Spirit Airlines are cheaper. I would be lying if I said there was a single problem. We followed all the directions, printed our own boarding passes, pre-paid for our luggage, brought our own snacks and drinks. Spirit Airlines is up front about what you're going to be charged for, so if the information is followed, you won't be surprised by any hidden fees. The check in, boarding and flight crew were all nice and helpful when needed. Will fly with them again. Pay extra and get the front seats if available, they are worth the extra money. Plenty of leg room and much bigger seats. There is no wifi or entertainment so put your electronic devices away, pull out a book or magazine and enjoy the flight."
"I had no problem with Spirit Airlines. The plane was clean, staff were great, and was actually a fun flight. I was hesitant about flying Spirit because I read a lot of bad reviews. I've come to the conclusion people often do not read the info which they give you before booking. I will continue to fly Spirit when possible."
"Flew Spirit Airlines once again from Chicago to Minneapolis, and they did a great job. Monday morning at Chicago O'Hare is never fun, but all the personnel were professional and looked like they were happy to be there. Special shout out to the flight crew. No problems checking in, no problems with seating, plane was clean and in good condition."
"Price was unbelievable, Spirit Airlines crew fun and professional and I love that carry-ons cost more than checked baggage. I cannot remember the last time I was on a plane that boarded and deplaned so quickly because there were much fewer carry-ons. It was heavenly. Our one flight was delayed but we got free tickets and food vouchers. We signed up for the credit card with points toward tickets without blackout dates."
"I have flown Spirit Airlines several times between Cleveland and Dallas to visit kids and grandkids. I keep reading all of these horrible reviews but I have had nothing but positive experiences. My flight yesterday was $77 round trip. I don't need a lot of luggage for 4 days and I can go 2.5 hours without drinks or snacks (or I bring my own). Planes are clean and I've had absolutely no problems with Spirit employees. Quite the contrary. If I choose to check a bag the added cost is still significantly less than any other carrier for a round trip ticket. I have flown them 4 times now and have no complaints. Hope this helps some of you who have read bad reviews, maybe there need to be more reviews written by satisfied customers like myself."
"I just returned from a trip at Myrtle Beach today and I want to express my gratitude to the flight captain. The flight was delayed by 4 hours because of a call off from a flight captain in Myrtle Beach. Spirit Airlines was able to find a flight captain who flew out of Chicago to take us back to Latrobe. If the captain had not offered his services, I would have been stranded in Myrtle Beach and would have had to drive the 10 hours back home. We also received a lunch voucher from Spirit Airlines for our inconvenience."
"Baltimore to Aruba via Fort Lauderdale. I don't know why Spirit Airlines gets a bad rap - there are extra fees, but none of them are a surprise. They tell you everything up front - price of bags, etc. The economy seats are not luxurious by any means, but at 6'0 and almost 250lbs I was not uncomfortable in the least. It sounds like a lot of people are simply clicking thru all of the details after scoring a cheap ticket and then getting ticked off because they \"didn't know.\" My wife and I fly a lot and on our next journey if Spirit Airlines has the lowest fare (as they did on this last trip) then we would have no issues booking with them again. As far as people having flights cancelled and then the airline \"not being able to do anything except...\" I have experienced this with many of the more popular carriers - it's the nature of air travel."
"I must say I didn't know what to expect flying Spirit Airlines from Detroit to Las Vegas, I had read a lot of bad reviews and I travel a few times a year but always on a large airline as in a 777. The idea of flying a no frills airliner did not appeal to me however I have to admit it was a little tight in the cabin but it wasn't that bad, as for the flight crew both ways were amazing they engaged in conversation even joking around with us. They took time out at the end of the flight and sang happy birthday to my husband when they found out it was his birthday. So all I'm saying is that it is a no frills airline but if you understand that going in it's really not that bad and if you treat the flight crew with the respect that you and everyone else deserves you will treat you with the same mutual respect."
"I recently came back from my Boston to Las Vegas trip with Spirit Airlines and honestly did not find it that bad. I was also skeptical because the fare was super cheap and the reviews were really bad. But you get what you pay for. The seats were very short and probably the most uncomfortable airline seats that I've sat on. But for the price we paid, we toughed it out. The reason why the tickets are so cheap and they still make money is because they charge fees on every add-ons. Please see list below of the charges you should be aware of and how to avoid it: Water on the flight - not free!! $3 for a small bottle - we bought a bottle at the terminal store before hopping on the plane. Ticket print outs - $10 per ticket if you print at the airport - we printed ours at home and found a FedEx location in Vegas beforehand to avoid the charge. Extra carry-on luggage - $35 when you check in and I think $55 when you do it at the airport - keep in mind that they allow one personal item such as a small backpack that could potentially fit all your items, which my husband did. I ended up paying for a carry-on luggage in addition to my purse. But you can add the carry-on luggage when you check in 24 hours before your flight. Select your seats - $10 per seat, per flight - this adds up real quick. If I were you, just make sure you check in exactly 24 hours before your flight. They will randomly select a seat for you. Luckily, our flights weren't full, so my husband and I were able to sit next to each other on both our departing and returned flights. Overall, we had no issues when we flew from BOS to LAS. There was probably a 10 min flight delay, but we still arrived on time, if not earlier."
"Flew Spirit Airlines from LGA to FLL. This was my first time flying with Spirit. After reviewing the negative comments I had second thoughts about my purchase. When I arrived at the airport the customer service was great. On the airplane the employees were very friendly and helpful. The seats were pretty comfortable and I had plenty of room. I will use Spirit again with no hesitation."
"Spirit Airlines from Atlanta to Cleveland was cheap. Read fine print. Everything was exactly as expected. Just as good as any other flight on any other airline considering I knew it was a cheap flight and wasn't expecting any fluff. Professional and most importantly, flight was on time and very smooth from take off to landing. Already booked another trip with Spirit Airlines for my husband and myself next month."
"Before booking a flight on Spirit Airlines I read many negative reviews, so I was really worried. However, I needed to leave a day early, and I didn't want to pay $1,500 and up that other airlines were going to charge, so I took a chance on Spirit since it only cost about $300 with one checked baggage for a one-way ticket a day in advance of departure. I was pleasantly surprised that I had no major issues with my flight. The only minor issue that I had was that there was nobody at the check-in counter when I arrived, so I waited for about 10 minutes until their agents arrived."
"Dallas Ft Worth to La Guardia. This was my first time flying Spirit airlines, I must say that I was very impressed. I bought my my ticket less than 2 days in advance and paid $289.00 including taxes, seats and a carry-on bag round trip. It could have been $28.00 less if I waited to get seated on board. The staff was courteous, respectful and entertaining! Very laid back, yet professional. The flight was on time both ways, even landed 30 minutes ahead of time on the way back."
"I am mainly writing to express my positive experience with others that read all the bad reviews and wondered as I did what to expect. First of all I recommend you read and understand what is different about this company and what you are use to when flying a non discount airlines, yes the seats are not padded as thick, dont recline, and those extra fees are not a problem if you read all the rules, food was not a problem if you eat before boarding and for that matter you can go for 4 hours without the internet as I did from Vegas to Cleveland when you know you are saving money to spend elsewhere, one tip for families with children I discovered you dont need to pay extra for reserved seats it seems they will place you in the same row even though they suggest you pay to reserve, (I think they dont want a crying childen separated and disturbing the other passengers). I was very surprised how smooth and normal everthing went just like any other airline I would not do a trans ocean but I would do another U.S.flight again."
"We were a bit wary given negative reviews, but after two flights with Spirit our experience was fairly positive. The website booking process is transparent in terms of added charges - hold baggage, carry on baggage, printing boarding cards at the airport, etc. There is a premium on leg room on the aircraft but again the website is clear on this and despite being 6'3\", I had no difficulty on short haul flights. A longer flight might be a bit more uncomfortable. During check-in a fairly pragmatic approach was taken to the weight of bags - as long as they weren't well over the allowed limit, there was no excess charge. Both of our flights arrived on schedule. Overall, I'd have no hesitation in travelling with Spirit again."
"Great airline, got my family of 4 to/from San Diego to Vegas on time and no problems. As long as you read all the small print about baggage, boarding passes etc then there will be no problem. Never seen any issues with any other passenger either. They are just like easyJet or Ryanair. Excellent price and service."
"Traveled with my two young daughters (9 and 3) and didn't encounter any problems on our outgoing flight. There was an hour delay on our return flight which was no problem. I was a bit hesitant based on the negative reviews I saw on here but I did my homework, packed light for my girls and I (1 personal item each and a stroller) since it was a weekend vacation so no carry on fees or waiting for baggage claim, printed out boarding passes ahead of time, brought snacks/food for the flight and just bought water and a juice before we boarded so we were set. All of the flight crew was pleasant. Overall a good trip (my flights were non-stop) and have since joined their fanfare and have booked two more trips in the next month and a half. Hopefully everything will be as smooth. Again just my personal item, snacks and no connecting flights."
"After reading a lot of reviews about spirit after I booked my flight and was very nervous. After all I was flying alone with my two kids, 2 and 4 while I was 8 months pregnant. Most of the reviews I read were horrible, but I found a great article written on Spirit telling you what you need to know and what to expect. I did my homework and learned about the extra fees. As for the actual trip the flight attendants were very nice. Great for traveling with young kids because you get to board first. The seats are small but perfect for kids. I had plenty of room. Also not having seats that recline is a benefit because you don't have a seat in front of you crowding you."
"Upon reading the reviews, I almost switched to a better 'reviewed' airline because I am already an anxious flyer and most of them aren't great to read. I had a couple drinks at the airport, found out it was delayed two hours which was expected anyhow with this airline. Finally boarded, had great people sitting next to me and the next thing I know I am in Vegas. Buy your bags online, print your own boarding pass, buy your own seat and then you'll see you wont be one of those with a bad review to type up."
"My initial flight was LAX to Orlando via Fort Lauderdale, if you can fly to Fort Lauderdale directly, then you can fly to Orlando directly. My return flight was Orlando to Los Angeles via Dallas with a 3 hr layover but both flights were pleasant and on time. Stop crying like a bunch of babies and read the reviews first is what I say."
"Our round trip to Orlando from Atlanta went extremely smoothly. As others have mentioned the key is reading their instructions on the website. I was afraid on our first trip to not book seats ahead of time so we paid, but after this first trip going so well, no lines at check-in (though we didn't have to because we did it online ahead of time). There was also no charge for our backpack and my supersize purse which were personal items that fit under our seat, though if there was room we could put in the compartment above in the plane and their always seems to be room since most don't take carry ons on their flights. We had another trip to make to Orlando the following week and I booked with Spirit Airlines - can't beat their prices. This time we had to check in one bag but we did not book our seats ahead of time and waited until the end and checked in at airport where there were no lines and we got seats in row 10. No extra charge at airport for luggage, I had already paid online. In less than 5 minutes we were heading toward the gates. On both flights, from check-in to boarding our plane we found all staff to be friendly, helpful and professional. There was a delay on our return of 53 minutes, but earlier in the day there was stormy weather and this threw thing off schedule. Don't be afraid to try them like us you might be pleasantly surprised."
"Flight from Latrobe to Fort Lauderdale was on time and great. Redeemed airmiles and only paid $5.60 each way. You can bring your own food and snacks. I purchased Soda for a few extra dollars. (2 for $5.00). The return trip was great also. I did not pay to check a bag and used a duffle bag the fits under the seat. Enough for about 4 days. I have flown Spirit about two dozen times, and never had a problem. The most a flight was delayed was about an hour. I plan on flying them in Sept, Dec, and Jan again. Already booked my flights. Read the rules and the costs. You don't need to pay for a seat, the will assign one to you at check in for free. If you are under 6', you will have plenty of leg room."
"If you really need to save money and need to travel from point A to B, Spirit is the definitely the way to go, but take note that they may not always be cheap considering your carry-on, luggage, and etc. Despite the low ratings, all of my flights left on-time and staff were all friendly. Seats and legroom isn't that bad. My experience with checking in a bag wasn't bad either. All of my group's bag arrived safe and sound. Food and Beverages are available for purchase with credit/debit card only, which was perfect for me since I don't carry that many cash. No entertainment (even a in-flight map) whatsoever so make sure you have something to keep you entertained. Make sure you check-in online and print your boarding pass. If you do run into a problem however (which was the case for me) print the error page just in case and the ground staff will take care of you. If Spirit flies from/to your airport, definitely consider them if you're trying to save money."
"After reading some reviews we were very concerned with our decision to fly Spirit. We were surprised to have a wonderful experience. The airplane was on time and the personel were nice. The only issue we experienced was baggage check. We prepaid our bags and thought dropping them off before the flight would have been quick and easy. We were wrong. The lines were very long and there was not enough employees to check bags in. We stood in line for almost an hour as the line behind us extended to outside the doors. We would like to have seen and used a skycap. I think adding curb side bag drop off would help to move people through this process much quicker. We did purchase the larger seats since we had a long flight and brought our own food and drinks so we didn't have to worry about buying theirs."
"I was curious and nervous to try this airline due to other reviews I had read online but glad I did. While Spirit Airlines doesn't offer the inflight amenities that other airlines do, my flight was excellent. The flight boarded on time, went smoothly and arrived at my destination on top. Since I was tired, I appreciated the opportunity to rest and not be bothered. Others complain about the stringent rules Spirit Airlines has regarding carry-on luggage. My advice either pack light or follow the airline rules."
"Well, (on July 22, 2015) like everyone else I googled the cheap one way airline fares from New York to Chicago for my father for this weekend (July 24-26). Other airlines were priced for at least $200. Then I found this secret gem. Yes, it did seem suspicious. The price on their website was $73. We were about to book it. Then I started going through the booking process. A few steps later I found out they are going charge me $35 for a carry-on. Well, that totaled to $108. It was still better than other flights. I went a little further. Then they say that they would charge $10 for checking in and for boarding passes. I ended up booking it up for him. But, guess what? Today was his flight. He printed the tickets and boarding passes yesterday at home. Got to the airport on time today and his flight left 20 minutes in advance of the schedule. He got to Chicago earlier than he was supposed to be. I am just saying that yes maybe Spirit Airlines isn't that great and it might have some negative points. But, I think it still has some hope. As for the first experience, I will give it a 10."
"Spirit gave my husband and I gate passes to escort our 15, 11 and 10 year old to the gate. They also had the plane cleaned up and boarded quickly. They stewardess was so sweet to pre-board my children and my mother in law easily picked them up at the gate. When I had to go to the terminal for gate passes the agents were quick and efficient and polite. I will fly Spirit again."
"I had read many negative reviews of Spirit from travelers who complained about luggage requirements and the lack of food and leg room. My daughter and I paid $60 extra for big seats since we were taking a long flight. Flight left on time, seats were roomy, the flight attendants were friendly and fun. I would fly Spirit again."
"Booked a round trip from BOS (Boston) to DFW (Dallas-Forth Worth) from June 23rd to July 9th. Before booking, I didn't read any of the reviews, but did check out their website and requirements for luggage. Between my 4 year old and myself, two personal items was plenty of luggage, thus not being charged any extra. I printed my tickets at home. Also brought snacks from home and a couple of empty water bottles to fill up once getting through security. I was incredibly nervous after reading reviews. Arriving at the airport like they suggested(a few hours early), I headed to the checkin counter just to make sure I didn't have to do anything special for my personal bags. A Spirit Airlines employee was helping people at the kiosks and took the time to help me answer my questions in a very polite manner. In Boston that day, there were thunderstorms heading our way and rain had already started to fall, making me even more nervous than before. However, the flight took off on time. No one was given a hard time about their bags and during the flight, the attendents were friendly and even got my son to smile. The only negative about the departing flight was that we landed 30 minutes early and unfortunately, had to wait said 30 minutes for the gate to open. Still on time though. The return trip, I arrived at airport a couple hours early and went to the gate that was printed on my ticket and my flight wasn't scheduled to be there anymore. Went to the next gate over and the Spirit employee kindly pointed me in the right direction without any rudeness whatsoever. The attendents on this flight as well were extremely friendly, even funnier and one of the attendents even played cars with my son which was really cool. On my return trip, I did not bring any snacks, but for $6.50 was able to get wheat crackers, almonds, cheese spread, dried cranberries, oreo cookies and a mint. Not a bad deal at all. This flight departed and landed on time. I can't say what the economy seats are like as I purchased Big Seats. They were extremely comfortable and had more than enough leg room. This also allowed my 4 year old to squirm, talk and be a kid without annoying someone sitting next to us. I will definitely use Spirit Airlines again as they exceeded my expectations."
"I flew Spirit from Tampa to Houston and experienced zero issues. All the negative reviews had prepared me for some terrible experience but I did not have one. Basically I followed the rules regarding luggage, read the website as to what I would/would not be charged for printing boarding passes, preboarding, seat selection etc and I declined all extra charges. I packed an appropriate size bag to not have to pay for a carry on. I checked in online 24 hours in advance and got good seats. The flight to Houston was on time, no issues. The flight home was 30 minutes late but I received email notification of this early in the day so I could adjust my drop off time at the airport. In summary, this trip was a pleasant experience. I will fly with them again."
"I was hesitant to fly this airline because of the reviews. Our flights arrived early, both into Denver and on our return to Phoenix. I did a lot of research as to what to expect on flights and it was exactly as stated. If you want something to eat or drink, you must pay (no cash, only debit or credit cards accepted) but I usually purchase a bottle of water before getting on a plane anyway, so I didn't miss anything. Luggage arrived quickly in Denver and in Phoenix. I was pleasantly surprised!"
"We have flown Spirit airlines 4 times now - round trip to Cabo and round trip to Ft Lauderdale. After reading all of the negative reviews, I must say I was skeptical, however, they've been great. Yes, you have to read the fine print, you have to pay for your bags in advance, you have to pay for drinks or snacks on board but all in all - I've been pretty satisfied so far. They are friendly and funny. We actually arrived 15 minutes early on our flight today. The stewardess said we should tell someone because if we were late \"we'd tell everyone\". Pretty true in this day and age."
"I was pleasantly surprised. Flight there and back were on time. Ticketing and bag drop were fast and efficient at both airports. Staff was friendly. I don't get why people say there are hidden fees? If you buy on their website it walks you through everything, and explains everything before purchase. The only potential issue, which didn't affect me, would be if you are a taller person. The seats are closer, but good options are to sit in emergency row, or big front seats. My sister went with us, and she is dedicated to United Airlines. She also stated Spirit was not much different. I will fly Spirit again."
"My husband and I were very skeptical after reading the negative reviews regarding Spirit, but unfortunately, money was an issue getting to our destination, so we bit our lip and tried them. To our very pleasant surprise we were very satisfied. The negative reviews seem to complain about the space, the cost for extras and flight delays. A soda or water is expensive, so plan ahead. I can tell you that the information you get from Spirit is spot on. If your bag is overweight, you have to pay more. You can only take one personal item on the plane. Yes, you have to pay for food, drink, a roomier seat. But-that is spelled out before you purchase the tickets. We did buy the zone 2 seating, and it was worth it. The seats are regular sized seats, but the knee room is a bit cramped. Nothing that was too bad, but I felt bad for a gentleman that was quite tall that had to put his knees in the isle. But he was happy and said he had flown with them many times before. I brought a neck pillow to sit on and found that very very helpful. A few snack and water in my backpack, along with my Kindle and earbuds and I was set! The plane itself was spotless and the airline attendants were kind and helpful. I certainly would not hesitate to fly Spirit again."
"My 2nd trip with Spirit and I found them to be quite acceptable and actually quite comfortable. Yes they charge for everything, be prepared for it and adjust as based on your needs. I liked having options. As for the prices, if you want water buy a water bottle with a filter in the end have it empty going through security and fill it at a water fountain. One trip I had business materials and checked a bag no problem I weighed the bag at home to make sure I was under the weight limit. Second trip I carried on a \"personal\" item which was a duffle bag it worked perfectly. To go through the gate I put my backpack inside the duffle, neck pillow around my neck, and water bottle in hand - no problems. Both trips I paid for the Big Front Seat and in my opinion worth every penny! So there is a recurring theme here, this airline requires you to pay attention, read the contract of carriage and abide by a little different set of rules. After readign the contract for carriage I realized buying travel insurance is a good idea with these guys because they can and will cancel a flight and only refund your money. You pay for the\"last minute\" flight on another airline and use the insurance to pay the difference. I found the flight crew to be nice and helped passengers put bags in the overhead bins. The flight attendants aren't supposed to do that."
"Having to book a last second business trip from DFW to ATL, I had few options. AA was $649 (not including $50 for a checked bag round trip) round trip, Delta was $726 (not including $50 for a checked bag round trip) round trip and Spirit was $276. Now, most of the review I have read on this site, are people complaining about all the charges for bags. I read everything on the website, including the baggage fees, and paid for my carry on and 1 checked bag at the time I booked my flight. The total flight cost, including my baggage fee, came out to $390. If you are complaining about the baggage charges, learn how to read! The plane got me to ATL on time, and back to DFW on time. What I did not like was the seat did not recline, and the overall attitude of the flight crew. But, I saved $309."
"In spite of reading many bad reviews about Spirit Airlines, I booked a trip to Myrtle Beach with my family round trip from Charleston. The flights were excellent as well as the airline staff from check in to the on board attendants. Friendliness was very evident and a desire to make our flights enjoyable. I have nothing but good to say about our experience with Spirit."
"I had to take an emergency flight out to SC, it was not a planned trip but I found Spirit Airlines online and booked it. The flight was very nice and the staff were great."
"DFW-SAN on 25JUN2015, on Spirit Airlines. Flight was on time, aircraft new and clean, and crew was friendly. Keep in mind, flying Spirit, you will pay for everything! I need an aisle seat, I pay $10 per seat assignment at time of booking - $20 well spent. I paid $266 RT (including seat assignments) for DFW-SAN round trip, almost $200 less than any other airline. I'm not complaining about my $3 coffee and muffin. The A319s still have the older more comfortable, but very cramped seats. I like that Spirit does not have Wi-Fi, or any IFE with a big underseat box that take legroom - they can't afford to give up anymore legroom."
"We had no problems withe the airlines. You need to read all of their website information as you are booking for terms and conditions. We were not expecting any frills or free items, but they have drinks and snacks if you want to buy them. We will fly with Spirit Airlines again."
"Spirit does what they state on their web site, they get you there - cheaply. For that I give them 5 stars because they did exactly what the said they would do. The plane was full and the seats were close together. I read all about that before I bought the ticket and it was as they said it would be, hence the low cost. Plan ahead and know what to expect and it will be a great experience. Its obvious that some of the people that gave 1 star reviews didn't understand about cost of bags or any extras and not done their homework - and are now very disappointed."
"I was surprised to find that Spirit was fine for the short flight I took. I'm 5'10\" and had no problems whatsoever getting comfortable in the economy seats. The plane was clean enough, and flight crew all very friendly. My flight did get delayed both coming and returning to Chicago, so be prepared for delays (avoid Spirit if you're dealing with any connecting flights). Here's my overall takeaway from flying Spirit: 90% of your experience will be just like any other airline you've ever flown. There's no food (but do I really want airline food anyway? no.) Seats are ever so slightly smaller. You've got to pay for all carryons and checked bags. If you don't need to bring a big bag, be happy you don't have to pay for it. If you need to bring a big bag, then you'll just have to pay for it. I think it's fair. Based on my experience, if you go in with a flexible attitude and appreciate the low fare you paid, you'll be happy."
"We had a great experience on Spirit. There were 6 of us including two small children. I read the website over and over again to make sure on dimensions of luggage and weight. We didn't get hit with any extra charges. People should read carefully! Definitely fly them again. Captain even took my 5 year old son in the cockpit and showed him everything - first flight for my 3 and 5 year olds."
"I read past reviews and learned that you need to read their guidelines in advance. I avoided the $100 fee to check in at the gate but still had to pay somewhere between $40 - $50 just for a seat and a carry on bag. Simply getting a seat is extra - this was still OK for me, the total price was still cheap considering I booked the flight a couple days before it left. After reading the reviews I was fully anticipating a 1.5 hour delay, or more. Somehow a miracle occurred and our flight left only 20 minutes late - and we made up those 20 minutes on the flight back. However, flying out of LAX I looked at every other scheduled departures for Spirit and all of them were delayed by at least 2hours. I truly believe that people only complain when things go wrong - I thought maybe this airlines bad reviews are simply because those who get to where they're going with no hiccups never bother writing reviews. With that in mind I had every intention of writing a review, no matter how good or bad the flight went. My flight was good, but the fact that all other flights were delayed by that much scares me. I overheard some of their announcements on further delays, and no explanation was given. I'm not going to fly Spirit again purely for that reason. You know something's wrong when an airline can scare away a traveler for reasons that didn't affect their own flight."
"I was terrified to fly this airline after reading the terrible reviews, but for the price we ended up paying I couldn't resist. Surprisingly, we had a fairly smooth trip. Check in, both leaving and coming back, was smooth, no issues. Didn't get slapped with any additional fees since we followed all of the instructions on the site. The plane was early/on time both going there and coming back, although other Spirit flights around us were significantly delayed. I guess we got lucky. The plane was clean enough. Didn't bother paying for any snacks or beverages. Not a ton of leg space but not terrible. I'd say that we had a very average flight, but honestly that's all we needed. They got us to and from where we needed to go for a good price. I'd definitely fly again. There are better airlines out there for sure, but you really do get what you pay for in this case."
"Some of the reviews about Spirit baffle me: Much of the criticism seems to center on Spirit charging for everything other than getting you to your destination. I don't know if these people have been living under a rock or what, but everything Spirit charges extra for is clearly explained on their website. I have flown Spirit twice now, once from CLE to DFW, and once from CLE to LAS. Three of the four flights were on time, the fourth was delayed by about an hour. The Airbus A320 fleet - the only plane Spirit flies - is one of the newest in the industry. The interior was as clean as any other U.S. airline, though I admit that's a pretty low bar. For the most part, the crew was professional. At this price point, all you really can expect is a seat on a jet to get you from point A to point B. That's all, nothing more. And Spirit generally delivered on that promise. This is not to suggest that flying Spirit is for everyone: The seats are very thin, and if the person behind you decides to move his or her table tray around, it feels like someone is thrusting their knuckle - two knuckles - into your back. There is no curbside check-in. And because Spirit has no reciprocity with other airlines, if your flight is cancelled or suffers a long delay, you are stuck until Spirit can get you there, which may be 24 hours or more. But fortunately, I experienced none of these problems. If you read their website and can live with Spirit's scaled-down way of doing business, you stand a good chance of traveling for significantly cheaper than on any other U.S. airline."
"Leaving out of ATL, though we arrived on time, we were late to the terminal. It was like a scene out of a movie, my husband and I and our three small children running through the terminals to arrive right as the door was shut. We were crushed. The staff member that was at the terminal tried to find us another flight to Orlando, but nothing was flying out until the next morning. We were tired, hungry, and heartbroken as we tried explaining to our kids that it probably wasn't going to happen today. Everyone was very apologetic. That staff member saw that the plane was not taxing out and asked them to please reopen the gate to allow us on. They agreed and saved our vacation along with a few other travelers that did not make it in time. I cannot tell you how much we appreciated the staff working that gate. The cabin crew were on that flight were extremely accommodating. The plane was clean and we got to our destination safely and on time with our bags! Thank you to all of the Spirit Airlines employees working ATL this morning. You made our family vacation (first one in 8 years) possible."
"I guess everyone who has flown on Spirit cannot read because all the issues I've been reading about are said and explained to you when you book the flight. This airline is cheap and for people who don't take tons of baggage with them. They charge for what you use. Why would you pay extra for bags you don't use. You only pay what you need and is cheaper online. You can have your boarding passes and everything ready by the time you get there. The check in process was quick. Our gate was changed twice but was quickly notified by email. Another thing there are screens all over the airport that inform you where every flight is so it isn't hard to look up. Sorry for the sarcasm. Plane was delayed about 1.5 hours but was informed every step of th way. Boarding was quick and easy. Seats don't recline which suck but you are told about this. You do pay for snacks but you are allowed to bring some because I saw tons of people with them. Ordering your snacks was easy. I will fly this airline again."
"I was worried about flying Spirit after reading the reviews, but we must have gotten lucky because the experience wasn't bad. We flew from Dallas to Philadelphia round trip in June. The trip from DFW to Philly left on time and arrived on time. There was a two-hour delay leaving Philly, but we received an email alerting us to the delay hours before the flight. I've seen complaints about people being surprised by Spirit's fees. But if you read about their fees in advance, nothing should be a surprise. It can be costly ($100 to check a bag at the gate) if you don't do that. The airline is no frills. Not much leg room and there are charges for drinks (even water) on the flight. But our family of four flew from Dallas to Philly for $540. Tough to beat that price, but I would feel differently if a flight had been canceled instead of just delayed."
"I guess most people who fly Spirit and write reviews can't read, have no math skills, have never flown before, or think that we live in the \"glory days\" of glamour flight. I have flown all of the major US carriers, as well as, several European airlines. I find that there is no difference in the \"full-service\" airlines who claim that you are the \"Most important asset they have\", and the low cost carriers who provide the same basic transportation, but charge for extras. Flights delays happen to all carriers, all airlines charge for bags (unless you have elite status), most now charge for seat assignments (unless you want a middle seat or again have elite status), if they offer service food, it's terrible, and most of the major carriers are moving to a charge for snack service model. I really don't understand what everyone is complaining about. I've flown Spirit several times over the past few years and have never had a problem. Clean, new planes, on-time service, friendly staff, and most importantly, I arrived safely. I look forward to my next flight with Spirit!"
"Last year was my first time flying Spirit. I don't travel much and was a bit concerned about flying with Spirit because of the reviews. But they had the best price available (about 1/2 of the major airlines). I made sure to read all the FAQs and policies and had no problems whatsoever with Spirit. The folks who complain about the price don't read. With the base price and the charge for the check-in bags my son and I flew from LAX to Houston at a cost that was far less than other airlines. And it was a very good experience. I don't care to pay for any extra frills so Spirit works best for me. This year I am flying with Spirit again to Houston. This time I joined the $9 Fare Club and saved a good chunk of money on my airfare even with paying for a check-in bag and reserving my seat."
"Flight 377 5/13/15 out to Vegas. Flight 340 5/27/15 back to Latrobe. We flew Spirit to Las Vegas from Latrobe PA. Great price free parking and we enjoyed the whole experience. It was a great trip and we did not care about the fees for seat reservations or checked bag fees."
"Flew from Boston to Atlantic City a few weeks ago the experience was fine. The website was very clear about the baggage fees; even with the bag fee the trip was far less expensive than flight or train via Philadelphia. I was upgraded to a big bulkhead seat so can't comment on the coach seating. I noticed that although the plane was full the overhead bins were not. Therefore no one was forced to check a bag as often happens with other carriers (there is an advantage to charging for carry ons). No delay at check-in. Flight was on time and it did not take too long to collect my bag in ACY."
"May 14th Ft. Lauderdale to Atlantic City returning on 17th May. Flight 262 and 235. This was my first time flying Spirit I have to say I was a bit sceptical. Being that I was flying into Atlantic City and they are the only game in town I chose to keep my reservations. My wife and I arrived in Ft. Lauderdale an hour or so before our scheduled flight to AC. When we arrived and checked the departures I was glad to see that it said \"on time\". Being in Zone 1 I was one of the first to board. I expected to see this broken down rickety plane instead I entered a clean modern looking plane with \"Normal\" looking seats. I found my seats by the way my wife and I both booked aisle seats we were please to see that they looked and felt like any other airline seat. A little close together and a little cramped. But aren't they all? We encountered smiling helpful and cheerful flight attendants. The plane left on time and was one of the smoothest flights I have taken. The only negative is the fact that I asked for a bottle of water and they said they had to charge me $3. I politely declined. Our return trip to Ft. Lauderdale was equally as positive. Both left and arrived on time and with a thoroughly professional and upbeat crew."
"We flew from Baltimore to Las Vegas. One flight was straight through and the other one we had to get a connecting flight. Every flight was on time. We had no problems with any staff. There wasn't a lot of leg room and not only did our first group of flight attendants apologize for that fact but my husband and daughter who are taller than my 5'6\" did not complain. It would be better if they provided more of the roomier seats."
"April 28 flight 832 to Orlando. May 2 flight 713 to Houston. This was the first time I had flown Spirit so I was a little apprehensive. My total experience was very positive! The cost of the flight was amazingly low. The Spirit personnel were friendly and the plane itself was clean and comfortable. The flight itself was smooth and on time."
"April 8 2015 flight 323 and April 13 2015 flight 424. When we booked with Spirit I was terrified for our flight due to all these awful reviews. After flying with them I feel like a lot of people only write reviews when they get bad service. I know a lot of people actually have had bad experiences but ours was fine. Yes you do have to pay for everything but they do tell you that on the website. I flew to LAX from MSP with my husband and two little girls. Flights were all on time. Everyone was nice. No problems at all. If you're thinking of flying Spirit don't let all these bad reviews deter you."
"On April 22 I returned home from ORD to PDX on Spirit Airlines departing at 8.35pm. The flight was uneventful and got me to Portland safely and on time. The airplane was new and I did not buy anything onboard. I only had a backpack which was free and I did online check-in and boarding pass printing at the hotel to avoid the $10 fee at O'Hare Airport. I have their credit card so I redeemed 5000 miles and paid $13.10 for this one way. I can not complain about the experience because I know their rules and I come out ahead without paying any extra fees."
"I flew from Minneapolis to Baltimore on April 28th and came back on May 6th. Both flights were on time and the plane was very comfortable. Also you definitely can't beat the price. I will fly Spirit any time I have to fly again!"
"Took a flight last week from Plattsburgh to Fort Lauderdale. The flight was on time and we arrived at the right time. Be sure to read carefully their website about additional fees if you want no surprises. Boarding passes were printed at home so no 10 $ charge at the airport. My seat was pretty uncomfortable and pretty much no room for a 6 foot 2 guy like me but beside of that everything went just fine. Will fly with them again."
"I flew last weekend from DFW to Cleveland. On the outbound trip my flight was delayed about 1.5 hrs but I did receive emails alerting me to the delay and the gate agent did make several announcement to keep us posted. The pilots did a great job of making up for lost time and got us there in 2 hours. The flight attendants were courteous and service was about what you'd expect from other airlines. Yes this airline is a-la-carte so you do pay for what you use whether it's paying for checked baggage carry-ons or even beverages. Since my airfare was cheap even with buying an assigned seat I had no problem paying 3 dollars for an apple juice you are paying for and getting the whole can. Yes the seats do not recline but they weren't necessarily uncomfortable and you don't have to worry about the guy in front of you reclining his seat at all which is a plus. I'm a shorter than average person so I had plenty of knee room. In conclusion if you are thinking about flying Spirit Airlines be sure and do your homework. If you do your homework and figure out what they charge for certain services you can plan on what to pay and still probably make out cheaper than other airlines. It's always good to shop around and depending on the circumstances Spirit can save you money on your flight. They might not always be the cheapest but in my case I was able to fly to Cleveland round-trip for $118 including seat assignment. I didn't check a bag; I just had a small duffle bag that qualified to be brought on for free. Again do your homework with Spirit so you can navigate their fees; I cannot stress that enough. Lastly would I consider flying them again? My answer is Yes."
"Flight 351 4/23/15. Flight 352 4/27/15. This is how my entire experience panned out: As a student I needed the best possible deal after looking up online I had to choose between Frontier and Spirit and ended up saving some bucks on Spirit. Honestly with the kind of deal I got I was expecting bad service (like any other budget airline). But they surprised me! It is one of the best flying experiences I've had. Starting from check-in (which takes less than 5 mins at the airport with prior online check-in) to the in-flight experience they deliver exactly what they pitch you cant expect world class menus and inflight entertainment but it gets you from A to B on time and in comfort."
"4/13/2015 flight 660 from MCI-ORD. Thank goodness there is at least one true budget airline operating again in the US! All the usual trappings of the no-frill airlines but I was quite surprised what huge bags the women at security in front of me smuggled onto the plane as the \"free personal item\". My leg space was very limited as I am 6'3 with long legs but I really liked the fact that the passenger in front of me couldn't recline his seat. Leg room was actually better than on Air Berlin's Airbus last month. The plane was brand new (compared to the 20-year old planes I'm used to flying on AA). We arrived in Chicago early no rude employees anywhere but then again I had no reason to talk to anyone except TSA employees (since everything's done online and there is no beverage service)."
"A group of four of us decided to gamble on Spirit because we were able to find four seats at $77 round trip from KC to Houston. I read all of the reviews and was prepared for a miserable experience. We packed it all light (small backpack) printed out our boarding passes at home and were on our way. I found the plane to be quite clean (even though it just landed from Las Vegas on a red-eye). The counter staff and flight attendants were courteous and friendly. Our return was equally pleasant and the flight crew was even better. Are the seats comfy? Well they're $77 comfy. I'd gladly fly with them again."
"Flew from Cleveland Ohio to Las Vegas April 19. Spirit exceeded my expectations. Big front seats were great and worth the $55 each. We always buy water and snacks at airport anyway so did not purchase on flight. We always check luggage so I am glad the carry-on people get charged too. Maybe that will stop them from trying to get luggage too big in the overhead compartments. Did not require any assistance from Flight Crew. The seats are tight for a four hour flight but a two hour flight would be ok. Plane was clean and newer. On the way home flight was delayed 45 min. Not a big deal. Same experience on flight home. Printed boarding pass at Spirit kioks-no fee. Bring your own entertainment."
"My wife and three kids flew from DFW to Tampa 3 weeks ago for spring break and it was great as expected. We have flown Spirit multiple times to Orlando LAX New Orleans Las Vegas and Denver over the past three years and always plan ahead! I get a chuckle at the amount of complaining people do for their own mistake of not reading in advance the rules and charges that they are agreeing to or ignoring. You have to read the website when you are booking and they tell you the costs up front. Spirit hides nothing people just need to read or call and ask questions. We always each carry a backpack and prepay for two check ons going and coming. I never pay for a seat assignment and they have always kept our family together on the same row!! Buy in advance when you book and you will save. We don't buy too many things onboard the plane and the crews are always very nice. Thank you Spirit for budget travel for us people who know how you work!!! I will continue to fly Spirit as it is only a means from getting from one point to the next. We will be flying them again this July to Vegas. As an air traffic controller I can tell you the pilots are also very professional and great to work with."
"O'Hare Chicago April 14th 2015 flight 729 and return from Tampa FL April 22nd 2015 flight 728. My first time flying with Spirit and like many consumers I read reviews being that there were so many negative ones I was quite nervous I read all the tips and used them such as pay for my carry on in advance check in and print boarding pass the day before. My flight boarded and left on time I was comfortable the stewardesses were nice our flight to Tampa Florida arrived 20 minutes early! Going home was pretty much the same smooth comfortable flight all on time. We paid a great price and I am very happy."
"N8986Z Flight 293 Mar 26 2015. Flight 360 Mar 31 2015. Had a great trip because I knew what to expect. I had a backpack no carry on printed out my boarding pass before going to the airport. It was only a two hour flight but I ate and drank before I boarded. I am 5'2\" so the seats were comfortable. Entertained myself with my iPad. There were a lot of kids but the parents were on top of the situation and kept the kids calm."
"Flew round trip Kansas City - Chicago last week with my family and had good experiences on both flights. Cons: Standard seats don't recline (but it was okay for us since it was only an hour flight each way) and it doesn't look like the plane was cleaned between flights there were crumbs on the floor and some trash in the seat pockets. Pros: Flights were on time nice flight attendants (on our way home after learning that my son wasn't feeling well one of the flight attendant gave him ginger ale for free). The low cost (even with paying for checking in our baggage and buying some drinks for the kids we still saved at least a couple of hundreds)."
"We (3) flew round trip from Philadelphia to Las Vegas on March 18-21. Although the outbound flight was late I have no way of knowing where the delay initiated so I can't assume it was Spirit fault. I chose Spirit because it was non stop. Other similar priced flights had one stop. If you book online they make it quite clear why they are cheap and what you can do to save money. They give you packing tips measurements requirements and constant reminders: it's bare fare. If you are an informed consumer you know you are getting what you pay for and not a penny more. Flight attendant outbound was incredibly entertaining from the moment the flight started. It was like getting a mini Vegas act. Flight attendants both ways were always professional and polite. Food was pricey but you can bring your own if you're counting pennies. Didn't use the bathrooms. Leg space limited for 6'2\" son but ok for us."
"I flew with Spirit Airlines this past week for the first time. I was extremely nervous from the reviews. I was traveling with kids and I only was going to Florida for 4 nights. I was prepared and read up on all reviews and read the Spirit website so I had knowledge of everything. There would be no surprises. I realize now that everyone who complained did not read the website. I printed boarding passes at home so I would not be charged at airport. Went straight to gate. I packed light so no bags were checked so no cost. Have a bag with the correct dimensions. Boarded on time and landed early. The food on plane was not that expensive I looked at menu but didn't buy. Bought stuff for plane already. Its not a super fancy plane my seat reclined. I'm 5'7\" and the legroom isn't there really but I had the flight pick my seats on website at no cost and luckily we were still put together. Like they mention on website you get what you pay for. Had a great experience returning also. I will fly with them again if the price is right! IAH to FLL direct!"
"First time flying with Spirit airlines. Last minute flight from Minneapolis/St Paul MN to Los Angeles for a funeral. Availability of times dates was good. Price was half of all other airlines. No problems or delays on initial flight. Staff were genuinely good. No hidden fees as people report. No free food but option to buy or carry on. Seating was comfortable plane was clean and staff thanked us for cleaning up after ourselves. Remember you chose Spirit because you were flying for half the fair! Small setback on way back we had a delay but good communication via schedule monitor and staff announcements. Plane staff courteous and even apologized for delay and thanked us for flying and patience for the delay. I would recommend and might fly Spirit again in future."
"In the last month I've flown Spirit 3 times and another in a week. All from Houston to ATL KC and Tampa. Yes they do charge $10 to pick your seat and the seats are rather uncomfortable when you compare pricing you will find that after you have checked 1 bag per person and have paid the random fees most airlines charge you they come out a lot cheaper. I recommend you print your passes before you get to the airport as they charge for every little thing if you need anything. My first flight the flight attendants were excellent they had a very funny safety presentation. That flight I flew in the base seats and it was rather uncomfortable. After my ATL flight I decided to upgrade to the big seats up front. They were very comfortable and very roomy. They are worth it. My flight to KC was delayed 2 hours. I joined the $9 fare club which paid for itself the first flight as I save an average of $40 per flight on tickets and luggage. I will say that there is merit to some of the bad reviews above but if you want or need to fly cheap Spirit is a quality airline and as I said before I read before I buy and Spirit has an average airline fleet age of 4.5 years which is 10 years less than the more popular airline. They do allow you to move seats next to your party after take off if you don't get seated next to your party. I booked my latest flight to Tampa for 8 people a week ago 2 weeks before travel and for 8 people 5 in the big chairs and 3 in the small seats it was around $1100."
"This was the first time I flew with Spirit. We flew to Fort Lauderdale from Niagara on Feb 25 with no issues. Everything went smoothly. However on the way back on Mar 3 the flight got cancelled due to bad weather after several delays. We were lucky enough to get another flight 2 days later (due to me running to the ticket counter once the fight was cancelled) but some people couldn't get a flight until Mar 9 and 10. Thankfully we had a place to stay for another 2 days. When we returned to the airport on Mar 5 everything went really smoothly. Flight was on time and we had an excellent counter service rep who was friendly and pleasant. We were on flight 416 and all the staff were so friendly and welcoming. Additional comments: Leg room was too tight. I'm 5'8\" and my knees were right up against the seat in front of me. Headrest didn't have the flaps that turned in so was very difficult for try and rest if you are in the middle seat. But for the price and for a flight under 3 hrs it's manageable."
"In the last month I've flown Spirit 3 times and another in a week. All from Houston to ATL KC and Tampa. Yes they do charge $10 to pick your seat and the seats are rather uncomfortable when you compare pricing you will find that after you have checked 1 bag per person and have paid the random fees most airlines charge you they come out a lot cheaper. I recommend you print your passes before you get to the airport as they charge for every little thing if you need anything. My first flight the flight attendants were excellent they had a very funny safety presentation. That flight I flew in the base seats and it was rather uncomfortable. After my ATL flight I decided to upgrade to the big seats up front. They were very comfortable and very roomy. They are worth it. My flight to KC was delayed 2 hours. I joined the $9 fare club which paid for itself the first flight as I save an average of $40 per flight on tickets and luggage. I will say that there is merit to some of the bad reviews above but if you want or need to fly cheap Spirit is a quality airline and as I said before I read before I buy and Spirit has an average airline fleet age of 4.5 years which is 10 years less than the more popular airline. They do allow you to move seats next to your party after take off if you don't get seated next to your party. I booked my latest flight to Tampa for 8 people a week ago 2 weeks before travel and for 8 people 5 in the big chairs and 3 in the small seats it was around $1100."
"I flew with Spirit for the first time round trip from Las Vegas to Dallas with my 8 year old little girl. We were worried that our night flight would be canceled due to the weather in Dallas therefore we arrived at the airport early in the morning to fly on standby for an 11am flight. We were able to fly on the 11am flight with no cost increase and we were even given the more spacious seats. We carried two backpacks on the plane (1 per each) with all of our stuff therefore we had no luggage fees. Coming home we printed our boarding passes out at the rental car facility and there was no charge. To be honest I read all the rules called Spirit to double check everything and wound up saving a lot of money. Total cost was $180 round trip for both of us. I will definitely be using them again."
"I never flew Spirit in the summer months but I can comment on Feb-March service. First of all I think Spirit is a great deal and would put up with inconveniences to save a sizeable chunk of change. However a word to the wise if you are on prescription medication take at least a weeks worth of extra medication with you and do not plan on positively coming home on the date of your return ticket. When conditions are bad at your departure site arrival site or point of the planes original departure you can easily be stranded for 2 3 7 days. Spirit makes no attempt to reschedule you other than their next flight. They will offer to give your money back but that usually leaves you to purchase a much more expensive flight on another airline. Take extra money and be prepared to stay on for awhile i ncase you become delayed! Also the passenger in the seat in front of me was voluntarily moved from his \"extra legroom\" seat. Mid-flight the attendant offered to move him to an exit row but when the passenger asked about refunding his $18 that he had paid for the original seat he was out of luck! They would not offer him anything other than to move him to an exit row. That would have meant moving other people out of the way so he declined. This is a no-frills airline so be prepared!"
"I took this airlines from Chicago (ORD) to LaGuardia New York (LGA) on January 18 2014 and January 23 2014. I reached the airport and printed out the boarding pass from the Self Service Printing Machine in front of the counters. I was not charged for anything. Going into boarding area is fuss free as well as the boarding experience. My wife seated on the aisle while I'm at the middle of the three seater. I didn't bring any check in luggage or any carry in that is too big. I only have a small bag with me that I need to put in front of my leg. I slept a bit during the flight. The flight attendant was nice. Overall we had a safe and efficient (no incident) flight. Probably due to low season (but the flight is almost full)."
"I've flown Spirit a few times the first time I flew was with my four children and I have to admit it was pretty smooth! I read ahead so I wasn't surprised with any additional fees and for the price considering the flight was last minute it was an all around great deal. My most recent flight was just as good I flew to Atlanta again last minute. And it was great. I took advantage of the \"bare fare\". I will admit the flight attendants were a little crabby but hey for the price I'll take a little attitude. My next flight will most likely be Spirit."
"I traveled to Orlando Florida last week from Dallas via Spirit Airlines. The round-trip flight was surprisingly wonderful despite my apprehension after reading so many negative reviews about Spirit. The flight attendants were friendly and welcoming the airplane was large and seats were comfortable both inbound and outbound flights departed and arrived on time. Having checked in my bag online and printed my boarding pass before I arrived at the airport made the experience effortless when no additional costs. I am so glad I decided to give Spirit a chance instead of listening to the negativity. Wonderful experience and now Spirit will be my plane of choice going forward."
"My husband and I took our five kids to Florida on Spirit Airlines. It was easy and excellent. It was super cost effective. We didn't have to pay for any carry-ons as our backpacks were accepted easily as our \"personal item.\" All flights were on time. Planes were clean seats were great for the short flight (3 hours) and all the staff there and back were friendly and helpful! Loved saving money and would absolutely fly Spirit again."
"We flew from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on Feb 14 and the return flight was on Feb 21 with our 9.5 month son. We were happy with their service. We booked our flight for $312! Two adults one infant one checked in bag and we chose our seats at the time of booking. All for $312 including taxes and the charges. No hidden fees. We went to the airport after checking in online to avoid charges. (Clearly mentioned on website and email). We traveled with one checked in bag two backpacks my son's diaper bag and stroller with a car seat (the stroller and the car seat were free of charge). The flight was good seats do not recline but were comfy. You have to pay for food and snacks I wish they would provide at least water for free. The staff were ok. Some were friendly and some didn't say anything. There was a one hour delay on our return flight. Overall I would recommend Spirit and will travel again with them."
"My husband and I took our five kids to Florida on Spirit Airlines. It was easy and excellent. It was super cost effective. We didn't have to pay for any carry-ons as our backpacks were accepted easily as our \"personal item.\" All flights were on time. Planes were clean seats were great for the short flight (3 hours) and all the staff there and back were friendly and helpful! Loved saving money and would absolutely fly Spirit again."
"We flew from Minneapolis to Las Vegas on Feb 14 and the return flight was on Feb 21 with our 9.5 month son. We were happy with their service. We booked our flight for $312! Two adults one infant one checked in bag and we chose our seats at the time of booking. All for $312 including taxes and the charges. No hidden fees. We went to the airport after checking in online to avoid charges. (Clearly mentioned on website and email). We traveled with one checked in bag two backpacks my son's diaper bag and stroller with a car seat (the stroller and the car seat were free of charge). The flight was good seats do not recline but were comfy. You have to pay for food and snacks I wish they would provide at least water for free. The staff were ok. Some were friendly and some didn't say anything. There was a one hour delay on our return flight. Overall I would recommend Spirit and will travel again with them."
"I have absolutely nothing to complain about on my first Spirit Airlines experience. I know the reputation of the airline however on my trip I was impressed with the experience for the price I paid. I flew DFW-CLE round-trip just a few days after the route started. I took only a personal size item and made sure I followed all the rules to avoid extra fees. The trip cost me $68 round trip total out the door. Flights were on time flight attendants were humorous and nice. I will say the experience was no worse than any other airline I have flown (I fly once every 1-2 months) and given the cost may have been better. This route will allow me to visit family at home in CLE more often. I felt I needed to give credit where it was due given the majority of the reviews for Spirit."
"Having flown Spirit twice now I can honestly say that some of the criticism is justified but most of it is not. I flew to Dallas on Spirit out of Cleveland which is a new market for Spirit. We actually bought our tickets at the airport to save the so-called \"passenger usage fee.\" We did save that fee but they charge you more to check your bag at the airport even though we weren't taking our flight for another two months. So in the end you do save some money but probably not enough to justify a drive to the airport. It should also be noted that the people working the Spirit counter in CLE were pretty inept and the \"manager\" at the counter seemed annoyed we would buy our tickets at the airport. There was one woman though who was very helpful and tried her best to help us. Based on what I saw at the airport and online most of Spirit's work staff is outsourced and our experience makes for a pretty damning case against outsourcing. One step forward; two steps back. When we arrived at the airport for our flight we had a \"baggage drop\" pass since we had checked in online. This suggested that we would simply drop our bags off and go. Or that there was at least a separate line just for baggage drop. No such luck: We waited in line like everyone else. The only benefit is that the line was short. Another step back. The flight was delayed over an hour though in fairness much of the country was in the grip of a winter storm and LOTS of airlines had delays. Now for the flight itself: Much has been made about Spirit's filthy planes non- existent legroom and awful flight crew. I am 5'10\" and while the legroom was tight again it was no worse than most other airlines. I will say that the seats are pretty thinly padded. The flight back was right on time crew was even better. All of this came at a price that was well over $100 less than other carriers. And it was a direct flight. So there's the pay-off. I have the spirit to fly Spirit again."
"I travel Spirit a lot between Ft. Myers and Dallas in the winter to visit my girlfriend. Cheap tickets! If you go to the airport they are even cheaper than buying online 99.9% of the time. It even says on the bottom of the website tickets may be cheaper at the airport! I have a round trip ticket to go this weekend for $30.22. I fly a lot this way check your price online then if close run to your airport and get your ticket. I travel with my allowed small bag with no fee and bring my own drinks! FYI for all you frequent travelers if you take your water bottle or other drink and freeze it you can take it through TSA as it's a solid and not a liquid I never pay $3-$4 for a bottle of water at the airport! Yes seats are not roomy but it's only 2 hours or so to get there some times at the airport they even ask you what seat you want to get with no charge if they are 'nice' I got 7A for tomorrow's flight! Have flown several times this year and no problems!"
"7/24 Baltimore to Bogota - flight 301 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 807. 9/2. Bogota to Baltimore - flight 400 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 240. I've never flown a budget airline before. Didn't even know it was a budget airline when I booked through Orbitz until a friend told me the reason why it was so inexpensive. Lucky for me I am experienced traveller and I always pack light. My flight was from Baltimore to Bogota Colombia (via Miami). These were short flights. All flights departed on and arrived time planes were clean crew and pilots were as professional as any other U.S. major airlines with a savings of nearly $250. Yes I'll take $250 instead of a bag of peanuts coke and unassigned seats. I got window seats as requested. I forgot to print my boarding pass when leaving Colombia; fortunately for me Colombia doesn't allow pre-printed boarding pass so everyone had to wait in this long line to get their tickets - which didn't bother me because I knew I would catch my flight because there was no way they were going to take off with 75% of passenger at the ticket counter - with all that we still departed on time."
"I travel Spirit a lot between Ft. Myers and Dallas in the winter to visit my girlfriend. Cheap tickets! If you go to the airport they are even cheaper than buying online 99.9% of the time. It even says on the bottom of the website tickets may be cheaper at the airport! I have a round trip ticket to go this weekend for $30.22. I fly a lot this way check your price online then if close run to your airport and get your ticket. I travel with my allowed small bag with no fee and bring my own drinks! FYI for all you frequent travelers if you take your water bottle or other drink and freeze it you can take it through TSA as it's a solid and not a liquid I never pay $3-$4 for a bottle of water at the airport! Yes seats are not roomy but it's only 2 hours or so to get there some times at the airport they even ask you what seat you want to get with no charge if they are 'nice' I got 7A for tomorrow's flight! Have flown several times this year and no problems!"
"7/24 Baltimore to Bogota - flight 301 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 807. 9/2. Bogota to Baltimore - flight 400 via Ft. Lauderdale - Flight 240. I've never flown a budget airline before. Didn't even know it was a budget airline when I booked through Orbitz until a friend told me the reason why it was so inexpensive. Lucky for me I am experienced traveller and I always pack light. My flight was from Baltimore to Bogota Colombia (via Miami). These were short flights. All flights departed on and arrived time planes were clean crew and pilots were as professional as any other U.S. major airlines with a savings of nearly $250. Yes I'll take $250 instead of a bag of peanuts coke and unassigned seats. I got window seats as requested. I forgot to print my boarding pass when leaving Colombia; fortunately for me Colombia doesn't allow pre-printed boarding pass so everyone had to wait in this long line to get their tickets - which didn't bother me because I knew I would catch my flight because there was no way they were going to take off with 75% of passenger at the ticket counter - with all that we still departed on time."
"I flew from LAS-LAX on 2/12 for $20.10 and it was a great flight. First you can save yourself the $17.99 (each way) Passenger Usage Fee (PUF) by purchasing your ticket in advance at the airport. The agent who sold me the ticket was very nice and even reserved a seat assignment for me at no extra charge. I took a personal item that meets their requirement so I didn't have to pay to check any bags. My flight was 15 minutes late but the captain made up for it so we arrived in LAX well before the scheduled arrival time. I didn't buy any beverages because it's only a 40-minute flight. The flight attendants and staff were friendly and helpful. Let's face it: I can't even take a bus for $20.10!"
"Traveled from Baltimore MD to Dallas TX on January 22 and return on January 27. The ticket was so cheap ($89 dollars) I could not believe I was going to board the plane without paying extra. I was very careful during the booking online because there are lot of options that add money to the ticket (seat selection checking luggage etc..) but everything is on the website. The flight was on time. I missed my return flight from DFW the lady at the counter was very nice and managed to put me on a different flight with a connection to Chicago (at no extra charge) and I finally arrived in Baltimore at 11.45pm. I would recommend you give Spirit a try."
"Our family of four flew round-trip from Atlantic City to Orlando for $460. It was a great deal. We read the fine print each packed a small bag for 2 nights [so no baggage fees] and snacks [so no refreshment fees]. Our flight to Orlando was flawless on time and as promised. One of our family was in a wheelchair and was accommodated politely professionally and without incident. Our return flight was scheduled to leave Orlando at the height of the predicted 'Storm of Historic Proportion' but we were able to change our seats to an earlier flight for no charge [Weather Buster policy]. That departure was delayed about 3 hours due to the late arrival from AC [weather related] of our plane and time it took to inspect it before boarding was allowed. We were the last plane out before everything on the East Coast closed down and all flights were cancelled. Despite 60 mph wind gusts and storm warnings our pilot got us to our destination safely and made a smooth landing. The plane was full of fussy children but that is to be expected on a flight to/from The Happiest Place on Earth. The seats were small but sufficient. The fees are annoying but clearly posted and explained on their website. Our experience w/Spirit Airline was excellent from customer service both telephone and in person] to flight. Anyone who reads the fine print should not have any problem in my opinion. We will definitely consider flying Spirit again on future short trips."
"On 12/24 and 1/10 four adults flew round trip from Los Angeles to Guatemala via Ft. Lauderdale. There were no surprises. All flights arrived on time or a little early. We saved at least $250/per round-trip ticket. Seats are cramped and me at 6'3\" did take advantage of the aisle seat to stretch out-especially on the Florida to California leg. The newer planes have seats that don't recline-which I appreciate-but the older planes' seats do recline a few inches. Even though we had pre-printed boarding passes on the return flight from Guatemala to Los Angeles-we were issued new boarding passes. So I am thinking that the rule about printing the passes to avoid the $10/ticket fee does not apply to the flights originating in a foreign country. This should be clarified so those passengers don't fret the printing process which can be difficult in a foreign land."
"I have used Spirit Airlines often over the last 3 years and am very happy with the company. I go from Plattsburgh to Fort Lauderdale as often as I can and am really happy that I can book trips for as cheap as Spirit puts them on for. I have booked trips this winter in September October November December January and February and all of the return flights have cost me $46.10 each. The plane is an airbus 300 and you feel like you are on a bus. There are no extrast he seats are tight and do not recline but the flight is direct and I manage to bring my own extras as snacks and water and save on the cost of the flight. Instead of having a more comfortable seat with a free drink and a stop over along the wayI get there faster and put the 250 dollars I save on each trip towards lots more fun when I get there. They provide exactly what I want so I hope they do not change."
"We flew from DFW to Ft Myers on Dec 27 and back on Jan 3. I bought 6 tickets and after checking other airlines Spirit was so much less expensive so I decided to give them a try. I was a little worried after reading some poor reviews online but I have to say that the entire experience from check in to landing was excellent. The staff were friendly and helpful both in Dallas and Ft Myers the flights were on time and the landings were some of the smoothest I've experienced. We prepaid for our checked luggage and printed boarding passes before we got to the airport so we didn't encounter any unexpected charges. No the seats don't recline but I really hate it when the person in front of me lays their seat down into my space so that is a plus for me. Yes I had to pay for drinks on the flight but since I saved approximately $2000 on the tickets I didn't mind too much. I recommend using this airline anytime but review the website before you go. They are upfront about all the additional charges but you have to read the information."
"Spirit Airlines invites all passengers with pre paid carry on to board first so there is no way passengers won't get space above seats storage. I recently flew to Vegas from Philadelphia then Vegas to Oakland/SF then back few days later Vegas to Philadelphia. All of my flights were on time and arrived early."
"Perfect scores on everything because Spirit met my expectation at all categories. Every rule and fee is right there on their websites. Spirit doesn't trick anyone to join their fare club or getting its credit card it's always about choice of yes or no. Most people complaining didn't read carefully in the first place. Spirit is honest about its seat pitch and the recline - and you can upgrade to nicer seats. Spirit is not for those who can't pack lightly or going to a job interviews important event of lifetime. Delays and cancellations happen and many are not the airlines fault by all means please fly legacy airlines. The key to save money and enjoy the Spirit rock bottom price is reading everything carefully double check the name and itinerary before buying. Buy tickets at the airport - it waives the booking fee when buying directly at the counter. If the airport is close and there is cheap way to go there it's worth it to save some decent money. If the Spirit website is down when checking in online then by all mean print that screen error message out as written proof to the agents at the airport to print boarding pass for you for free."
"Flight 224 Nov 16 2014 Chicago to NYC and return flight 847 Nov 18 2014. I read the bad on-time reviews and was prepared for the same results. I was pleasantly surprised. The flight was on time going and coming. I would recommend Spirit Airlines in the Chicago-NYC segment. The employees were friendly and helpful. They made my trip excellent."
"Traveled from Boston to West Palm Beach for $58 - that wouldn't even pay for gas if I drove. New plane (A320) with great flight attendants and pilots! I highly recommend Spirit and will fly them whenever I can."
"11/13/2014 Flight 298. Just flew to Houston Texas because of a death in our family. I had heard all the horror stories and did not know what we were in for. However I watched a youtube video on how to avoid fees and enjoy your flight I followed the instructions and the flight was great. I am a big guy so we paid for the big seats and we were comfortable going and coming back. We checked bags and had carry on but it was still cheaper than the other airlines. Spirit sent me a number of emails so we would not be nickel and dimed. We went on a sad occasion but the flight was great get the big seats and you will enjoy your flight."
"I flew November (2014) from Detroit to Denver (and back). I was pleasantly surprised on the following: The plane to Denver was very clean and the flight was on time and staff were pleasant and personable. This flight was in the afternoon and staff did do a \"pitch\" for the Credit card but they did not pressure us. They walked the craft asking if we wanted to buy anything a couple times and walked the craft 3 or 4 times looking for trash - they seem to be on the move quite a bit back and forth on the plane. They did have a few minutes of down time - where they congregated in the back near the restrooms. I didn't pre-order my seat or additional bags. I had one personal item that fit easily in their \"check container. I did not see them question anyone about their carry-on bags nor did I see anyone angry or any of the Staff acting rudely to the passengers everyone seemed happy and pleasant. The plane was about 3/4 full. I let them choose my seat. I traveled alone. I was given an aisle seat - a pleasant couple sat next to me. There were children on this flight and 2 service dogs. I wasn't bothered by either of them - all in all a very pleasant flight. You can take food on the plane and drink (drinks purchased or water bottles filled after security). The plane from Denver to Detroit was a little late leaving Denver (due to snowy conditions and the need for de-icing.) However we arrived in Detroit very near to our scheduled time. This was a Red-eye type flight. That plane was a little dirty but not bad (crumbs on the seat and some smashed spots on the carpet - most likely from children). Staff were pleasant and they didn't make a sales pitch for their Credit Card during this flight. They did ask a couple times if we needed anything (to buy) and walked the craft a couple times for trash. This flight was less than 1/2 full so they didn't have as many people to service. I notice they sat most of the flight in the last row reading and talking. Which didn't bother me - it was simply an easy flight for them. I did not witness anyone unhappy with the staff nor did I see anyone being questioned about their bags. There were a couple children on this flight which did not bother me. I would definitely suggest this airline. However before booking read their regulations/rules and cost of each service they provide Do your research and see if it would be cost effective for you. It was for me I flew for $106.00 (including the yearly $9 club fee). That fee paid for itself in this one flight."
"We just returned from a round trip flight on Spirit from San Diego to Cabo San Lucas. Cost of the flight approx $255 the next least expensive was $380. A great saving. You need to know their rules as they are a little different in order to save money. Do everything ahead online print boarding pass pay for checked luggage accept random seat assignment. It was a new plane attendants young and could not have been more accommodating none of the grouchy attendants that have been in the unfriendly skies for over 30 years. Left on time and arrived on time. Sure the seats are cramped as they do not recline I'm OK with that as I do not have the person in front of me leaning back and putting the tray in my face. Both times our one suitcase was waiting for us when we got to the baggage area. Would we fly with them again yes."
"I booked my trip then read the airline reviews and I was quite concerned. But I figured I was only flying from Baltimore to Myrtle Beach so how bad could it be for the cost - the cost of round trip for both my husband and myself including baggage was about $700 less than any other airline flying out of Baltimore how can you not take advantage of it. First the website clearly states about any additional baggage fees and carry on fees so people that were complaining about that just plainly did not read! I packed one checked bag for my husband and myself paid for it in advance and made sure it was under 40 pounds. For our personal baggage I had a large pocket book and he had his c-pap machine. I printed my boarding pass the day before our trip and let them assign our seat at no extra cost! We were assigned seats together! Arrived at the airport and was able to go right through to Fast Bag Drop since I paid for my checked bag in advance when purchasing our tickets. The person that checked us in couldn't have been any nicer! We ate breakfast at the airport then proceeded to wait for boarding which boarded on time and we took off about 6 minutes earlier since everyone was on board. Next our crew was excellent they provided some entertaining comments which I thought were quite refreshing. One hour later we were in Myrtle Beach. The morning we came home there was fog and our plane left about 1/2 hour later but still everyone was pleasant. The crew on the return flight wasn't as jovial as the flight down but no complaints. I would fly this airline again to Myrtle Beach and if taking a longer flight I would compare prices and make my judgement at that time. I think people just need to read. It's not like it's in fine print it plainly states their rules which I read thoroughly before booking. Thanks Spirit for making my first trip on your airline enjoyable!"
"Latrobe to Myrtle Beach September 15 and returned a week later. The outbound flight left early and arrived 30 minutes early. The return flight left on time and arrived on time. Service at check-in was friendly and helpful. Service on the aircraft was great too. The aircraft was clean and looked fairly new. There were no unexpected surprises and I was amazed that there was so much space available in the overheads once the doors were locked. All in all a great time. I have a permanent Gold card on American and have been a gold flier on both United and Air Canada. Spirit is a great airline as long as you read and understand their website."
"First time flying on Spirit Family of four saved about $800. Flying round trip MSP to LAX (non-stop) the flight there left on time and landed a little early yes seats are a little closer than most airlines but again 3.5 hour flight saving $800 not much of an issue for all 4 of us on the flight back we sat in the Big front seats which are excellent. Yes they charge for everything - Drinks snacks carry-on bags its posted all over their website and they are very upfront about all of the fees. We will definitely fly Spirit again."
"We used Spirit Airlines on Oct.15th. We were going to Orlando from DFW. It was our first time on a plane ever. The prices were cheap so we went with it. Didn't read reviews till after. After reading reviews we were very worried that our experience would be very horrible. Not the case at all! Everything from the service to the checking in was so easy. The plane was clean and the flight attendants were very helpful and attentive. Would definitely fly Spirit again! Great prices and great service!"
"First time flying on Spirit Family of four saved about $800. Flying round trip MSP to LAX (non-stop) the flight there left on time and landed a little early yes seats are a little closer than most airlines but again 3.5 hour flight saving $800 not much of an issue for all 4 of us on the flight back we sat in the Big front seats which are excellent. Yes they charge for everything - Drinks snacks carry-on bags its posted all over their website and they are very upfront about all of the fees. We will definitely fly Spirit again."
"I was very wary about using Spirit Airlines after reading all of the bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised by what I experienced. First off read the whole website about fees or you will be upset and pay more. If you bring a purse and laptop they will charge you for the laptop unless you can fit it in your purse. Watch the videos about packing so you have no surprises. I left last Wed out of Minneapolis to Detroit. I printed by own boarding passes so I was not charged. Counter ladies very friendly. I went to my gate again counter ladies very friendly. The people that were upset and mad were due to them not reading the website and understanding all the fees. If you do not read the website and all the fees you will pay extra at the gate to bring your bag on. Pilots flight attendants very friendly. I chose not to pay for a seat it was only an hour flight. So I was given a middle - again only an hour flight. If I was flying to Los Angeles from MPLS I may have chosen the bigger seats and paid the additional money. Plane was new and very clean. Seats are narrow. If you are a bigger person pay for the bigger seat. Very small tables. I noticed most did not buy refreshments they are pricey. My flights were on time and I encountered no issues. I would fly Spirit again. I cannot re-iterate enough make sure you read the whole website understand the fees and you will be just fine. Great fares!"
"Took a flight from Phoenix to Lima Peru for $650 (beating the $1300 on United - the next best option). Took every precaution and planned ahead (pre-paid carry on printed tickets at home brought my own snacks etc). Didn't pay extra for assigned seating and still ended up sitting next to my travel partner. Had 2 layovers - one in Dallas and one in Ft. Lauderdale neither one was delayed nor got cancelled. Maybe I just got beginner's luck and had no issues with my flights and didn't have to deal with their customer service? Seat comfort (or lack of) will be my biggest complaint - domestic flights are extra firm and do not recline but the international flight to Peru and back was like any other economy seating you'd find on regular planes that have more cushion and do recline. After my flight experience to Peru I opted to pay for a window seat on the return flight so I can be slightly more \"comfy\". I do recommend this airline for short trips - I probably won't make another 10+ hour trip because seats are just too uncomfortable. Do your research and read the small print on the Spirit website. The website clearly states exactly what you will need to purchase ahead of time and what you will get charged if you don't. I've flown other budget airlines like JetStar and Tigerair in Asia and they pretty much operate the same way - they don't charge you what you don't use that's why tickets are so cheap!"
"Myrtle Beach to Chicago round-trip. 10/15 return: 10/19. My flight was cheap left on time arrived early terminal staff and air crew were pleasant and courteous and the cost was half of other air carriers. I don't need a BFF or ego stroking just get me where I want to go! I will fly Spirit again!"
"Spirit offers very low fares and all you need to do is understand what you are getting for that very low fair nothing but the flight. When I pay $110.00 for a return flight across the country (Detroit to Fort Lauderdale) I am willing to pay extra if required but some planning ahead means you can avoid most fees. Our plane was new I upgraded to an exit row seat for $25.00 more we left on time and my luggage arrived what more do you expect for such a low cost? Better then some other airlines I have used. For the people who complain about paying for a carry on or no free drink plan ahead and purchase your luggage online when booking for a reduced rate factor in the cost when comparing flights or fly with someone else. The entire Spirit business model is you pay for everything you have no one to blame but yourself if you didn't realize this until you got on the plane. I am happy to pay $110.00 and go without a free can of pop and not use the overhead bin!"
"The negative reviews almost prevented me from trying Spirit. I just completed my second round trip. The airline website and follow up email set expectations. If you read everything Spirit provides you will have a better experience because you'll know what to expect and expectations will be in alignment. If you don't like saving money fly a non low-cost airline. My personal experience was much better than expected in all categories. On one flight the captain actually made the pre-flight announcement outside the cockpit for all to see. This is a great alternative to existing airline experiences."
"I did my research ahead of time prepared my personal item a few days ahead of time (for a 3 day trip) and was ready to experience the worst. I flew from Dallas to LAX and back. The flights left on time I felt safe in the air getting on and off the plane was no problem staff was nice pilots were nice I was able to get food and drinks at the airport itself. The seats were small but I'm short and I had my movies to keep entertained. I hope this wasn't a fluke because I wouldn't mind starting to use Spirit for my shorter trips where I would rather use more of my money on the trip itself."
"I do not understand what the negative reviews are all about. If you paid half the price the normal air ticket would cost then stop complaining. The add-on fees are clearly written in the conditions if you do not take the time to read them then it is your problem. One thing you can save money is to travel light bring only a backpack there would be no additional charge. If the flight is canceled due to weather conditions it is not because of the company. Okay Spirit airlines flights are late but other companies flights can be also late. If you pay less then you get what you paid for - you should have a higher tolerance level or else travel with Spirit is not for you. I traveled with Spirit to Costa Rica last year in May from New York the round ticket cost me $367 - the flight was about 2 hours late (did not mind) but the plane was new and clean staff smiley and didn't get any unpleasant surprises. 10/10!"
"We flew Chicago to Myrtle Beach and back just last week. All our flights left early and arrived early. Staff at the counters and on flights where courteous polite and fun! We had plenty of leg and seat room more than on some other commercial flights I've flown in the past year (my boyfriend is 5'10\" and 220 lbs I am 5'7\" and 175 lbs). I was nervous reading all the reviews but will NOT hesitate to fly Spirit again. I am looking for flights for my daughter as I type. I did not purchase any food or beverages I brought a snack for both of us. The only downside is the 3.5 hour drive to Chicago. I wish Spirit was closer to Appleton WI and we would take more long weekend trips. Spirit and Allegiant Airlines offer a wonderful service great customer care at super rates."
"I was very wary about using Spirit Airlines after reading all of the bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised by what I experienced. First off read the whole website about fees or you will be upset and pay more. If you bring a purse and laptop they will charge you for the laptop unless you can fit it in your purse. Watch the videos about packing so you have no surprises. I left last Wed out of Minneapolis to Detroit. I printed by own boarding passes so I was not charged. Counter ladies very friendly. I went to my gate again counter ladies very friendly. The people that were upset and mad were due to them not reading the website and understanding all the fees. If you do not read the website and all the fees you will pay extra at the gate to bring your bag on. Pilots flight attendants very friendly. I chose not to pay for a seat it was only an hour flight. So I was given a middle - again only an hour flight. If I was flying to Los Angeles from MPLS I may have chosen the bigger seats and paid the additional money. Plane was new and very clean. Seats are narrow. If you are a bigger person pay for the bigger seat. Very small tables. I noticed most did not buy refreshments they are pricey. My flights were on time and I encountered no issues. I would fly Spirit again. I cannot re-iterate enough make sure you read the whole website understand the fees and you will be just fine. Great fares!"
"Oct 2nd from Oakland CA to Dallas Fort-Worth TX. Flight 408 return October 5th. I read all the reviews after purchasing our tickets. However our experience with Spirit Airlines was better than I expected. Our flight was delayed but that was due to weather. There were no other problems we got what we paid for a simple airline with no extras. We were satisfied and would fly with Spirit again."
"We could not have been more satisfied with our trip. We left San Diego exactly on time and arrived at Dallas a bit early. The flight was smooth and service was satisfactory. People at the ticket counter were courteous and helpful. I see the other reviews and think some people need to think in advance. If a drink is important bring your own. If you want food bring your own. Learn to pack light. Bring a book to read. You can avoid the extra charges if you are smart. You can't beat the prices for Spirit tickets. Our tickets were half from the other airlines. I will definitely fly Spirit again."
"I traveled to Chicago O'Hare from Orlando on Sept 24th - all went well left on time and arrived on time. A smooth flight and everyone was very courteous."
"This airline gave me what I was looking for - an inexpensive way to get me from point A to point B. Due to maintenance problems we were held up for 4 hrs but that tells me they're more concerned with their safety record than their on-time record. They gave a voucher for a meal at the terminal. The seats were fairly close together but not horribly so. The desk staff and flight attendants were friendly and efficient. Good solid flight with a worthy aircraft. I'll fly this airline again."
"Orlando (MCO) 9/29/14 to Latrobe (LBE) flight 878. LBE to MCO flight 863 10/4/14. I guess I was one of the lucky ones because both my flights were on time. As far as bare fare if you can read you know the rules. Why complain? Go somewhere else. The seats are not too roomy true but they are not so uncomfortable either. They are leather. The staff were friendly and I would fly with Spirit again. As far as food there are basically only snacks you can purchase. You can get two drinks for a dollar each. So people again who complain must be really cheap."
"I traveled on a flight from Myrtle Beach to St. John Virgin Islands. My family had not read the rules and requirements for the airline so we were surprised by the added fees of baggage and had to work to try and get things straightened out. The desk clerk tried her best to be as helpful as possible to minimize any fees that needed to be paid. Once on the flight the seats were a squeeze but no more uncomfortable that most airline seats with the exception that they do not recline in any way. No big loss there. Any snacks or drinks on the flight have to be paid for at airline inflated prices and there was no in-flight video no wi-fi no entertainment of any sort. Those can be dealt with by bringing your own drink and snacks in your personal bag piece of cake. It's not comfortable by any measure but it's not bad considering the price was about a third of the price on any other airline I looked up."
"Having flown during most of my career I've experienced about every airline and every travel situation imaginable. Yesterday I was completing my first round trip on Spirit. I was traveling through Chicago this was the morning of the fire in a Chicago area air traffic control facility. Needless to say air travel was a mess. The Spirit staff at MSP was as professional and efficient as I've ever experienced. They were facing a very difficult set of circumstances and they were doing their very best to accommodate many people who were much more stressed than what the situation required. Also all 4 legs of my flights were as comfortable as any other airline seat - the onboard crew members were friendly and efficient. The entire experience was as positive as the other 20+ flights I've had this year on several different airlines."
"9/18 TPA-DFW flight 813 9/22 DFW-TPA flight 812. I read the reviews and was prepared for \"no frills\" service. Flights were on time seats were not noticeably smaller. Attendants were pleasant. No real difference from United. If you pay luggage fees when booking it is cheaper."
"Having flown during most of my career I've experienced about every airline and every travel situation imaginable. Yesterday I was completing my first round trip on Spirit. I was traveling through Chicago this was the morning of the fire in a Chicago area air traffic control facility. Needless to say air travel was a mess. The Spirit staff at MSP was as professional and efficient as I've ever experienced. They were facing a very difficult set of circumstances and they were doing their very best to accommodate many people who were much more stressed than what the situation required. Also all 4 legs of my flights were as comfortable as any other airline seat - the onboard crew members were friendly and efficient. The entire experience was as positive as the other 20+ flights I've had this year on several different airlines."
"9/18 TPA-DFW flight 813 9/22 DFW-TPA flight 812. I read the reviews and was prepared for \"no frills\" service. Flights were on time seats were not noticeably smaller. Attendants were pleasant. No real difference from United. If you pay luggage fees when booking it is cheaper."
"While sitting waiting for my departing flight I read some terrible reviews. This was a family medical emergency flight to Orlando. Booked less than 24 hrs prior. All the other airlines wanted $700 plus. Spirit came in at a reasonable $391 out of a tiny airport in PA - free parking - yes that small. The flight crew were fantastic I think they got their training from Southwest! The low numbers for food beverage and inflight entertainment are due to the fact there was no option for NA. Trip home was a little exciting landing was aborted due to last minute change in weather. Our competent flight crew were on top of it. I will certainly be a return customer."
"Sep 12 2014 Dallas/Ft. Worth TX - Chicago IL - O'Hare return Sep 14 2014. After looking at past reviews I was concerned that I had made a mistake. I'm pleasantly surprised to have been mistaken. The majority of the complaints I have seen are related to spirits pricing. I was well aware that I was purchasing a \"bare fare\" and exactly what this meant. For me it's not worth the additional fare charged by other airlines to have a \"complimentary\" snack and drink. I don't always require a larger carry-on so their fee for carry-on bags is no problem for me. I appreciate having the option to decide on a per/trip basis exactly what I wish to pay for. The remainder of the complaints appear to be regarding delays etc. I don't think these types of issues are unique to Spirit as I have experienced similar hassles on other airlines which charge higher fares. My flight out of Dallas was delayed (due to weather) and I received an email notifying me of the delay! No full-price airline has ever done this. This was a nice surprise. They also sent an email to my son who was picking me up as I had sent my itinerary to him from their site. Very helpful. The flight back was perfectly on time. The flight was great staff on both trips were courteous and as for space it did not feel any more cramped than other airlines. It's true the seats do not \"recline\" if that's what you call the meagre movement the other airlines provide. The bottom line for me is Spirit provided me with affordable transportation from point A to point B without the so-called frills. I would definitely consider flying Spirit again."
"NK660 Sept 6th Kansas City to Chicago NK659 Sept. 10th. Chicago to Kansas City. I just completed my first round trip on Spirit Airlines and after reading the bad reviews I have to write about what a totally good experience I had. The counter staff were extremely helpful and courteous to help me understand the nuances that Spirit clearly states on their website. The pilots were professional the two A320's I flew on appeared to be in good condition and from my perspective were even comfortable. The flight cabin crews were welcoming and attentive to safety issues. I felt Spirit was good value."
"Las Vegas to Ft Lauderdale NK954. Fr Lauderdale to Orlando NK138 on the red eye on 04/09/2014. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this airline at all! If you follow protocol and actually read the add on prices etc. you will get what you pay for. Budget airline that acts as a flying bus if you want anything more than this you should pay for a more expensive airline. It gets you to exactly where you need to go. Staff couldn't have been anymore helpful and explained fully to us about the interconnecting flight as I was weary. If you can't handle their operation then use a different airline."
"I traveled round trip from Philadelphia to Myrtle Beach a trip my son makes at least twice a year on Spirit. We would both highly recommend Spirit Airlines. Their fees were clearly outlined on their website when I was making the reservation and also in the multiple emails I received ahead of time. The service on the plane was excellent and both of my flights were on time if not early. My son's flights have consistently been on time as well. They're definitely bare bones as they advertise but nothing was hidden and their value can't be beat."
"Detroit to Lima with my husband and 3 year old baby good service employees were nice. When I returned I did have 2 changes in my itinerary but was a nice experience. I will use this airline again. No food and beverages but we took food in our carry-on bag. No Inflight Entertainment but I took my baby's DVD player for keep him busy. We did exactly what they requested and we didn't have to pay any extra money."
"I am normally an American Airlines passenger and vowed to never stray from them. However when planning my trip to Vegas from Dallas Spirit had the best arrival time and departure time for me. So I decided to give Spirit a try. I as well as others heard a lot of negative things about Spirit but I like to try things out for myself and give my own opinion of the airline. I must say I did read all there were to read about Spirit so that I wouldn't be caught with unexpected \"price\" surprises. I must say that even though the flight was tight as far as room I enjoyed the airline. Yes they do charge for choosing more leg rooms luggage and snacks but overall it was worth the money that I paid. Checking in and checking baggage were no problem. Spirit also sent emails informing me of my flight status. I just might give them a try again for my future trip."
"Economy flight is economy service do not expect US Airways first class service for a fraction of the price. Seats are uncomfortable no entertaining system in the headrest no free drinks user payer system bare fare smaller size and lighter weight allowance for luggage. There is still an economy. We had the choice driving down to Florida from Quebec with two young kids and two adults for holiday or flying from Plattsburgh and rent a car. There was only a $200 total difference counting meals and motels plus 6 days of driving back and forth. So we took this. Expect a slow service and read all user rules and conditions and you will be satisfied. For sure if you do not read that the registered item is max 40 pounds and you bring a 45 pounds item you will be charged with no exceptions because its cheaper for the rest. Read what you agree to buy before buying and there will be no or not many complains."
"My wife and I booked a round trip flight from New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale Florida to take a 20th Anniversary cruise on Carnival. I did take the time to read the information that Spirit publishes on their website so there were no surprises for us. Beginning with our arrival at the New Orleans airport their employees were all most courteous helpful and this extended throughout both the originating and return flights. Spirit sells you what you want and does not sell you what you don't want or need. We paid for the equivalent of first class seats as well as checked bags and still came out hundreds of dollars less than the cost of first class service on any other airline. Both flights were smooth and on time. The flight crews did a very good job of getting everyone on board and ready to go on time. We would not hesitate to fly them again. I'm thankful they offer the option of a-la- carte flying."
"Flight 484 DFW to PHL 8/28/14. Flight 215 PHL to DFW. 9/2/14. We had a good experience with Spirit Airlines. Some people only see that they \"nickel and dime\" you but the truth is they gave a reduced price so that all the other things can be optional. We liked the plane we flew going out to Philadelphia and coming back to Dallas too! It was great and one of the things I liked most was the great customer service from the crew."
"My wife and I booked a round trip flight from New Orleans to Fort Lauderdale Florida to take a 20th Anniversary cruise on Carnival. I did take the time to read the information that Spirit publishes on their website so there were no surprises for us. Beginning with our arrival at the New Orleans airport their employees were all most courteous helpful and this extended throughout both the originating and return flights. Spirit sells you what you want and does not sell you what you don't want or need. We paid for the equivalent of first class seats as well as checked bags and still came out hundreds of dollars less than the cost of first class service on any other airline. Both flights were smooth and on time. The flight crews did a very good job of getting everyone on board and ready to go on time. We would not hesitate to fly them again. I'm thankful they offer the option of a-la- carte flying."
"Was nervous about the airline after reading all the negative reviews but if you honestly know that you're getting into a discount airline with unbundled pricing - pay for each additional service you receive - it's really not bad. Pre-register and prepay for your bags beforehand. I mean for its target demographic (apparently) of fun- spirited weekend travelers carrying only a duffel bag or a backpack on them it's a steal. I will definitely fly if I have to interview in one of their cities they carry. My only complaint was that the flight attendants were goofing off and did not try to give an appearance of professionalism or competency. But that's just my thing -they were nice and helpful people overall."
"I flew Detroit to Minneapolis. Flight on time arrived early. No problems. This was my first flight on Spirit. I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps I was just lucky on this flight. I even checked a bag for $30. Cheaper than carrying one of $35. So no carry on - I mean no - nothing carried on. I think as long as you know what you are possibly getting yourself in to and you don't mind delays and no frills the experience will be ok. That's my take for my first flight anyway. Who knows my next flight might not go so smoothly."
"Was nervous about the airline after reading all the negative reviews but if you honestly know that you're getting into a discount airline with unbundled pricing - pay for each additional service you receive - it's really not bad. Pre-register and prepay for your bags beforehand. I mean for its target demographic (apparently) of fun- spirited weekend travelers carrying only a duffel bag or a backpack on them it's a steal. I will definitely fly if I have to interview in one of their cities they carry. My only complaint was that the flight attendants were goofing off and did not try to give an appearance of professionalism or competency. But that's just my thing -they were nice and helpful people overall."
"I flew Detroit to Minneapolis. Flight on time arrived early. No problems. This was my first flight on Spirit. I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. Perhaps I was just lucky on this flight. I even checked a bag for $30. Cheaper than carrying one of $35. So no carry on - I mean no - nothing carried on. I think as long as you know what you are possibly getting yourself in to and you don't mind delays and no frills the experience will be ok. That's my take for my first flight anyway. Who knows my next flight might not go so smoothly."
"ATL to IAH and return was a good experience. On time (even with a rain storm coming into ATL) friendly comfortable seats quick luggage service at both airports and fair priced snacks. Better than other trips on other airlines. I wish bag weight was 50 lbs instead of 40 lbs but with a heavy personal carry on we made it work."
"ATL to IAH and return was a good experience. On time (even with a rain storm coming into ATL) friendly comfortable seats quick luggage service at both airports and fair priced snacks. Better than other trips on other airlines. I wish bag weight was 50 lbs instead of 40 lbs but with a heavy personal carry on we made it work."
"If you just want to get from point A to B cheaply with 1 bag and don't really care how you get there as long as it gets you there Spirit is perfect. If you want luxury convenience etc for a few hours hash out the extra $300 dollars for first class Delta. I've flown with Spirit about a dozen times and never had a bad moment. Most of the complaints are from people not paying attention to clearly printed baggage fees or whining that they weren't given a complimentary 25 cents worth of soda on a 4 hour or less flight. Seriously pay attention check in at a decent time like you're supposed to show up to the airport at a decent time again like you're supposed to and buy a soda or snack in the terminal if it's so important to you. You'll be just fine. Yes their baggage fees are a lot but they're a discount carrier this is what discount businesses do. Pay attention and you won't get burned. I managed to shove my 21 inch laptop 4 days worth of fresh clothes my 10 inch tablet documents books a massive blanket and more more into my assault pack and shove it under my seat for free. If you feel the need to bring your whole house with you on vacation fly with someone else pay a higher base ticket price for somewhat lower baggage fees. The staff are always kind and often very funny. All of my flights departed early or on time and arrived anywhere from 10 to 15 and in one case 40 minutes early. All the aircraft I flew on were very clean and looked brand new. The seats were sorta small and some don't tilt back but you get what you pay for. I'm 5'11\" and still had plenty of leg room and was comfortable. Even on my longest flight from MSP to LAX I was never so uncomfortable that I had to get up and walk around and I have back and neck problems."
"Did a round trip from Dallas to Portland Oregon the weekend of August 9. Decided to upgrade to the front seats which for my brother and I it was worth the extra cost of $50 per seat. The front seats do recline. The only hitch on this trip is that upon returning to DFW we could not get our checked luggage for over 1.5 hrs. It was very frustrating. But if you need a cheap seat and you can pack light and either pay the carry on charge for you luggage or just put everything in a small backpack then Spirit may work for you. We also had to wait once we landed for a gate to open up so we sat on the ground an extra 15 minutes before our plane could get into a gate. I also brought my own snacks so make sure you do that. I chose to purchase water after passing through security and getting inside the terminal. I took my bottled water in my small backpack along with my snacks onto the airplane and this was not a problem. Other than these problems it went relatively well. I checked in online and printed my boarding passes online from my home. The Spirit staff and the airport and on both flights were acceptable. Also Spirit was one of few airlines that offered DFW to PDX non-stop which for me is important because I don't like multiple flights. Bottom Line. Spirit Airlines is a inexpensive airline with no frills. I really don't think I would book Spirit for a long flight or for anything out of the USA."
"I made reservations from Detroit to Oakland with a stop-off in Las Vegas without checking online reviews because I had no suspicions and had never been particularly finicky about airlines as long as the flight got me to my destination. I read the reviews and like many people I came to the airport full of trepidation because of all these negative comments. I printed out my boarding pass and purchased optional seats (the cheapest that I could see online but maybe next time I'll just waive that and try getting free seat assignments) and arranged my one check-in bag online in advance. Still I was worried that the flight would be delayed or worse yet somehow cancelled for days. Well the upshot is that everything worked out just fine and I actually enjoyed it. The check-in was simple it turned out that my bag weighed 39.9 pounds just barely saving me from paying an extra $25. I also had a medium-size \"personal item\" bag which was free. The seats on my two Spirit flights that day were large enough for me a 6-foot tall male. The number of seats per row was no more than I've seen on any other airlines going that distance so I can't understand where all the complaining about cramped seats comes from. The seats on the first flight looked a bit worn but nonetheless clean and comfortable so no big deal to me. Both Spirit flights left on time and arrived even a bit early compared to the reservation times which was great. There was no food or drinks served which was just fine with me because I never order anything anyhow and didn't especially need the generic small cup of coke and bag of peanuts on such journeys. The whole time the staff were friendly and spoke clearly. I admittedly didn't have any special needs but to the extent that they were performing their expected duties I saw nothing amiss. I was also on the lookout for other passengers having problems and yet saw nothing come up from start to end. The steward on the Vegas-Oakland stretch was like a stand-up comic in his announcements to the audience which was actually quite amusing. Very memorable. Seriously I had a perfectly good time and everything went smoothly. I kept wanting to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming because I was so impressed at my positive experience compared to the online reviews."
"We have travelled on Spirit over 3 dozen times Myrtle Beach California NYC Florida and have had no issues service was great flight on time and flights were smooth no issues so easy for us. We live in Ontario and the DTW is 2 hours away much easier and cheaper than flying from Toronto."
"We have travelled on Spirit over 3 dozen times Myrtle Beach California NYC Florida and have had no issues service was great flight on time and flights were smooth no issues so easy for us. We live in Ontario and the DTW is 2 hours away much easier and cheaper than flying from Toronto."
"I booked a trip with Spirit because of the price and then read the reviews and was very scared. I couldn't have been more happily surprised! Our trip was completely excellent. The stewardesses were very professional. There was an inflight medical issue and they were fantastic. We were on time both ways in fact slightly early. No glitches anywhere. The seats were not small - we had better seats than previously on American they did recline and the headrests folded to where you could nap. We flew for less than half of other airlines including the cost for our bags. If you know going in that it's going to cost $25 for a carry on at the time of booking do it then! If you wait until check-in it's $35 and if you wait until you get to the airport surprise! - it's now $100. Pack light and you will know ahead of time that there are no complimentary snacks or drinks. We will fly with them again."
"We have flown Spirit out of Detroit to Florida (several cities) in the past and have had good experiences. I totally understand why they charge for carry-ons because too many people bring oversized bags and hog the overhead bins. Spirit doesn't charge for Personal bags (smaller than a carry-on) and you can get more than enough in a personal bag. The night before our flight we picked our seats online and check 1 large bag for 3 of us. The people who show up at the airport unprepared should only be angry at themselves. We have priced other airlines and even with seat selection and luggage fees Spirit still comes out on top. The check-in staff and boarding staff have all been friendly and helpful too."
"We have flown Spirit out of Detroit to Florida (several cities) in the past and have had good experiences. I totally understand why they charge for carry-ons because too many people bring oversized bags and hog the overhead bins. Spirit doesn't charge for Personal bags (smaller than a carry-on) and you can get more than enough in a personal bag. The night before our flight we picked our seats online and check 1 large bag for 3 of us. The people who show up at the airport unprepared should only be angry at themselves. We have priced other airlines and even with seat selection and luggage fees Spirit still comes out on top. The check-in staff and boarding staff have all been friendly and helpful too."
"Just flew from Portland to Chicago with my husband and the kids. We read all the bag pricing and ticket printing before hand. Those that complain about the counter fees and bag fees have no one to blame but themselves. We checked in online and printed our own tickets. We pre-paid $20 each for two checked bags that was it! Not $20 there and than $20 on the return flight. Delta was was $25 each way! The counter clerk was super helpful and polite doing the fast bag drop off. The biggest problem were the other passengers feeling they were entitled and crying babies on the red eye. My kids are 9+ so I'm not used to it and I never traveled with them on a plane as babies. Overall my experience was excellent. Oh if you're a family don't pick your seats if your staying in coach the counter lady told me they will keep you all together no matter what if there is children. I could keep going on about how easy this airline was to deal with but most people listen to those that complain and want to spend less and expect more."
"I had read the airline policies on baggage fees etc. and paid those while booking my ticket so no surprises there. I also upgraded to a larger front seat which was very roomy and reclined. The only surprise was how great the ticket agent was. I had booked a one way ticket to Peru I'm visiting friends and wasn't sure when I was coming home. When I checked in the agent informed me that Peru didn't allow one way tickets for foreign passport holders. After getting out of line I checked this information online and found out she was correct. I got back in line and the agent booked me a return flight without charging me the extra fee saying she understood the mix up. She also got me travel insurance in case I want to change the date for my return flight. My flight was delayed by one hour as where flights with several other airlines. Even with the extra fees and upgraded seat I still saved over the next cheapest airline so needless to say I am a very happy customer and will be using Spirit again."
"We have not been on vacation for 3 years and desperately needed to get away and I was a nervous wreck that our flight would be delayed or cancelled. I went on Spirit's website and read about the baggage policy etc. Thank goodness I did because I had booked it through Priceline or else I would not have had any idea. I also picked seats for all 4 flights for myself husband and child. I ended up paying what I would have to fly another airline so not a big deal. All of my flights were on time. No issues at all. I have recently flown Delta and United and had issues with both of them. Bottom line I was pleasantly surprised with my experience and would fly with them again."
"You get what you pay for. Once all the incidentals are paid for you'll pay the same as any other airline but if you don't need all the frills you don't pay a lot. We saved a few hundred dollars over the other airlines for a direct flight because we carefully planned every detail. The carry-on fee is absurd (we didn't have carry on) but the food/drink extras are in line with other airlines. You can always bring food in or get drinks from a vendor in the airport for less but for a flight less than three hours you don't really need it. The staff were by far the friendliest airline staff I have encountered."
"I had a wonderful experience on Spirit Airlines and have recommended it to several friends. I would much rather pay $3 for an unlimited cup of coffee and an Otis Spunkmeyer Blueberry Muffin handed to me with a smile than have a bag of peanuts shoved at me as the stewards/stewardesses rush past me in an effort to get them to everyone in the other airlines overcrowded plane."
"First time flying in 13 years. Flew from ORD to LAS and then from LAS to SAN. I was randomly assigned a seat in the aisle which worked out great for me being over 6 feet tall as the legroom was kind of small. Shifting my position helped alleviate any weariness. For as cheap of a price as I got I kind of figured there would be some things cut to help cost-efficiency. My departing flights left on time and my returning flight was actually early by about 15-20 minutes. Did not purchase food or drink on board as I brought my own. No issues with boarding or luggage as I was staying for a week in California and was able to fit everything into my carry-on. Staff were very friendly. I can appreciate the no-frills type of service offered since my main concern with going on vacation is the destination not the extra stuff I don't need on the journey."
"It is very much a no frills airline but doesn't try to advertise itself as anything different. We paid in advance for our baggage chose our seats and paid the extra fee for the large seats. The flight was perfect the seats were comfortable the staff polite. If I had to come up with any negatives I would say the fact that there was only one bathroom on the plane so there was a never ending line of people standing in the isle waiting but that is really a non issue. I definitely would fly spirit again and would recommend it to friends/family. Just make sure you read the instructions about paying in advance and you won't be bogged down with any surprise fees."
"I flew Spirit Airline on July 8 2014 Minneapolis to LAX. All staff including front desk check-in and pilots were courteous and friendly. Plane was clean and the only challenge is people coming to board that did not read information about luggage size and one free carry on size despite this being posted all over Spirit Airline web site people came with oversized luggage and were charged accordingly. Just know ahead you take your own food and drinks on board which many airlines do charge also and read expectations of seating. So worth the saved money of flying by flying this airline yes it's a no frills yet it is an Airline that does care about safety and cost effectiveness."
"Flew to Vegas from Portland over Spring Break in April 2014. It's a bare bones operation for sure. Staff were fun and plane was clean. Baby cried all the way there two little kids behind us screamed and fought the whole two hours no one's fault but didn't make for a very pleasant trip down. No issues coming back their baggage is very high Southwest Airlines is a better buy for the money if you add in the $50 charge for 1 bag."
"I recently flew from Chicago to Minneapolis. I paid for the base fare which includes one personal item. Since I was staying for 4 days with friends I didn't need a large suitcase or carry on bag I was able to fit everything into a bag which meets the free bag policy and fits on the floor under the seat. The money I saved was enough to purchase one of the large seats in the front and I was quite comfortable and the seat in fact reclined and was not set to a fixed position. If you read carefully at the time you book you will see the baggage policy. If you want to use the overhead bin there is a charge of $35 at the time you book. When you check in online it will ask you if you need to check more bags and you will pay a little more then if you had your act together when you booked. If you just ignore it all and take your carry on to the gate and you didn't pay in advance yes to get to pay $100 that's on you you should read as you book. My flight was delayed an hour and a half going because Air Force One went to Minneapolis the same day and about the same time not Spirits fault. Also the trip back was delayed 15 minutes not too bad. If you want to drink water or soda being it on or you have to buy it. Do your homework if you are taking a long vacation with baggage something like Southwest may be better. But if you are going a short distance don't need a free half can of soda and tiny bag of peanuts and can pack light and know how to check in o line and print your boarding pass then Spirit is a good alternative and not nearly as bad as people here say. The gate agents and cabin crew were just fine the same as any other I have flown with. I'm giving F & B and Inflight Entertainment a 1 because it's up to you if you want to buy a drink aboard I didn't and I had my iPad for a movie."
"My flight was June 17th from Myrtle Beach to DFW. When we went to get on the plane they did end up putting my nephew in an Exit row seat which we had to change because he was not over 15 yrs. old. Once on the plane everything was fine the only complaint about the actual plane was that it seemed a little dirty and the seats were pretty worn. The flight staff were very nice friendly and funny. Overall very pleasant flying experience. If you read on their website it tells you everything you are charged for so I don't know why people are so surprised about information that is in broad daylight. As long as you do your homework you should be just fine. And come on people complaining about a few dollars for a snack or drink really? They do let you bring on snacks and drinks if you want to. I would for sure book through their website instead of a 3rd party because you will get all the correct information that way. I would probably take Spirit again if need be. One more thing there was plenty of leg room I think even more than American Airlines has."
"My flight was June 17th from Myrtle Beach to DFW. When we went to get on the plane they did end up putting my nephew in an Exit row seat which we had to change because he was not over 15 yrs. old. Once on the plane everything was fine the only complaint about the actual plane was that it seemed a little dirty and the seats were pretty worn. The flight staff were very nice friendly and funny. Overall very pleasant flying experience. If you read on their website it tells you everything you are charged for so I don't know why people are so surprised about information that is in broad daylight. As long as you do your homework you should be just fine. And come on people complaining about a few dollars for a snack or drink really? They do let you bring on snacks and drinks if you want to. I would for sure book through their website instead of a 3rd party because you will get all the correct information that way. I would probably take Spirit again if need be. One more thing there was plenty of leg room I think even more than American Airlines has."
"I just took a trip to DAL from ATL at the beginning of June 2014. I did all of my homework and researched Spirit before I made my final decision. I was not taking a long trip therefore I only needed a carry-on that I paid 70$ total for (35$ there and 35$ back). Spirit allows one free small bag and I was able to take my tote. I also printed my boarding pass online at home so I was able to go straight to security. The flight process was very easy and laid out and I did not experience any severe trouble with the flight staff. The only bad comment that I have to make about my trip was that it was delayed an hour on my flight back home because the plane had traveled internationally and had to be thoroughly checked in customs. I consider myself lucky to only have that one hiccup. The pilot also sped up the flight and we only ended up being 30 minutes behind schedule. I have no bad comments about food and staff service considering I slept the majority of the trip and I ate before boarding the plane on the trip there and the trip back. There is no inflight entertainment but I did not expect any for the price that I paid plus I brought my tablet and a book to read during the flight. Overall I would highly recommend Spirit Airlines for quick travel. You get what you pay for and for the cost I was beyond satisfied with what I got!"
"I didn't wait in any lines for more than 10 seconds and the people who worked there were fairly nice no complaints about that. Basically everything was perfect until you're about to board. Their 'zone' boarding process should be reconsidered. The first two zones are small amounts of people then become mobs trying to form a line when they call for the third and fourth zones. You really get what you pay for with Spirit when it comes to the seat being that I'm 6'2 the seat didn't offer me anywhere near the necessary amount of space to travel with comfort. No TVs and no complementary food and drinks. At the end of the day they got me there and back in one piece quickly and for a low cost."
"Just flew Spirit Airlines for the first time last week and was very pleased. They are great with little kids (I have 2) and the attendants and all staff were very kind and helpful. I did my homework online ahead of time so I knew what to order as far as my luggage when I booked our tickets. There's no fine print they don't hide anything. I compared to other airlines and it was far cheaper for us to fly Spirit. If the snack and beverage and free suitcase mean that much to you then do the math. you still pay for all that with the other airlines. Our flight was on time and our return flight made amazing time from Orlando to Pitts. We will definitely use Spirit in the future!"
"I flew from DFW to Myrtle Beach and back. Only airline that offered a non-stop flight. Both flights were on time. No over booking. Very polite and accommodating employees. No complaints. It was a very pleasant experience and will fly Spirit again. Just go to their website and pay for your carry on or checked bag ahead of time. You can carry on water or food. They also provide them for a small fee. You are allowed to carry on a small bag purse or back pack for free 16x14x12. I didn't purchase any food or beverages and there was no Entertainment."
"Great trip friendly service. Flew return DFW-Denver. On time both ways. Flew the r/t for about $100. This was my second trip with Spirit and would definitely use them again I have no complaints at all."
"This is an economy airline and if you are cheap like I am and willing to do some research Spirit Airlines offers a great product at a very affordable price. Three of us traveled from Chicago to Atlantic City and back with three checked bags for a little over $500. Yes they will charge you for everything extra but plan on packing lightly bringing your own snack and printing your own boarding pass and you will avoid the extra fees. They are serious about the size of carry ons and personal items so simply be careful when you pack. We found the staff professional and competent the flights on time and appreciate the opportunity to fly frugally."
"This is an economy airline and if you are cheap like I am and willing to do some research Spirit Airlines offers a great product at a very affordable price. Three of us traveled from Chicago to Atlantic City and back with three checked bags for a little over $500. Yes they will charge you for everything extra but plan on packing lightly bringing your own snack and printing your own boarding pass and you will avoid the extra fees. They are serious about the size of carry ons and personal items so simply be careful when you pack. We found the staff professional and competent the flights on time and appreciate the opportunity to fly frugally."
"My family and I (2 adults/2 kids) just returned from a Spirit Airlines roundtrip from Houston to Orlando. Airplane was new flight attendants were professional and courteous and though the seats were a bit closer than some other carriers they were still reasonably comfortable - and I'm 6'2\". I think much of the concern voiced with Spirit is for those who may have not fully read all of the charges/fees that are broken out. This is definitely a different business model; however even with paying for some checked bags and seat assignments we still saved more than $400.00 as a family. Yes they charged for a coke however it was still cheaper than at the airport stands/kiosks. As a family of 4 we only had to check/pay for one bag and we each had a backpack that was free. It may take a bit of strategy in your packing; however we stayed in Orlando for 8 days and did not have any problems with what we brought. I can certainly understand how shocking it might be to see all of these fees - but you must consider the final cost in comparison. I had never flown Spirit before but was positively impressed. I think the real key to flying Spirit is to engage in a \"Spirit 101\" course by really examining their website for all costs and services so that there are no surprises. I also noted that things like car seats umbrellas food reading materials and so forth can be taken on the plane with no additional cost and these items do not count against your personal bag/backpack."
"Just got off my first Spirit flight (Boston-Ft. Lauderdale-Tampa). Schedule matters most to me and tonight Spirit was my only option. I actually like Spirit's pay-for-carry-on program. By paying for a large carry-on you get to board the plane first. That relieves huge stress and clearly reduces the number of people dragging large suitcases onto the plane. The boarding time was pretty fast. The flight attendants were very courteous. The space between the seats is very tight. I'm 6/0” and my knees were jammed in. That said both of my flights were full. So obviously Spirit is meeting a market demand. I think all these negative reviews are from non-frequent fliers. But Spirit makes it possible for people to fly who may otherwise not be able to."
"I have been flying Spirit Air since I compare their price to that of Southwest and difference was outrageous. I want to save and anything that helps me save is the way to go. Been flying Spirit regularly between Chicago and Dallas for under a $150 round trip. I have recommended Spirits to all my friend but let them know the baggage policy. I don't carry a lot of stuff other than my little bag and my computer bag."
"Dallas to Boston and return. All went as expected. Seat spacing was not a problem for my 5-7 build. Would definitely do again for the price savings."
"Recent flight from Minneapolis to Fort Lauderdale Round trip - I appreciate the fact that you know up front that there will be additional fees you definitely pay for everything extra but with that said for the actual money spent it was still cheaper for this particular route than any other carrier. As a previous review had stated the scale on the bag drop is 3 pounds off than the sale at the desk so be aware of that. You also must check to make sure your personal item fits into their dimensions otherwise they will charge you $100 as a carry on (saw this happen to someone). My biggest negative issue was that magazine holders behind the seats were either broken or just so old that they were hanging loose so that when you sat down your knees were pressed against the seat in front of you. Definitely not comfortable for any length of time flying. Compared to other airlines the seating was very close and cramped. Would not recommend Spirit regular seating if you like to have space for your knees. Everything else was as expected for no frills no beverage no snack no movie just a \"bus\" ride and not on a coach bus."
"I had seen a lot of negative reviews online but chose to fly with Spirit anyway because of their very cheap fares. After experiencing flying with them I thought it was important to throw in my two cents. It was an extremely positive experience. They do not hide their baggage model and conforms practically to their \"pay for what you use\" ethic. I missed my flight but check in was very helpful in finding me another flight without any hassle. The flight itself was on time the staff was friendly and productive. I look forward to flying with them again."
"I flew from Chicago to Vegas and it was fine for the most part. Employees were friendly and the plane arrived on time. There was basically no leg room (I'm 6'0 185 lbs) but it's not like my knees were on the seat in front of me. I joined the $9 club and had everybody I booked tickets for split that cost; our trip there and back was a couple hundred less than any other airline I looked at. The complaints about the lack of free food/drinks and high baggage fees are ridiculous to me. There is a reason the base price is so low so understand what you're buying first because I had zero surprises when I showed up at the airport. I wouldn't want to be on a Spirit plane for any kind of international flight (unless I made the seat upgrade) but for a 2-3 hour trip the savings are worth it. This is especially true if you're traveling light. My only legitimate complaint was they lost my bag from Vegas back to Chicago but they shipped it to my house within a few days. I was the only one on the flight who lost his bags and I know losing bags is not an isolated occurrence for just Spirit. I'd give my experience an 8/10 and I would fly Spirit again for a domestic flight."
"I flew Spirit Airlines for the first time in March 2014 from Minneapolis to Ft. Myers FL. We departed early and arrived early. The flight attendants were friendly. I only took a backpack so I had no additional fees. After three days I decided to stay longer so I went on-line and changed my return flight to a week later. The cost was a flat $130 change fee - way cheaper than the major airlines and also no charge for any difference in airfare. Once again we arrived 15 minutes early in MSP. I would definitely fly Spirit again."
"I just traveled from Denver to Fort Lauderdale this morning. My experience was great! Before I departed I saw lots of unsatisfied reviews everywhere primarily complained about the size of seats and services I was very nervous and anxious. But it turned out Spirit Airlines was run as a normal low cost carrier which you got what you paid for. I traveled with a backpack which is able to put under the seat. I also had personal item. My final destination is to Lima and I only paid less than $500 for round trip. It was really a great deal. I am about 5'3\" so I don't feel the seat is as small as claimed. I would highly recommend this airlines to anyone I know. You will save a lot!"
"I have been flying Spirit to Myrtle Beach since 2005 and have been happy yes there are delays sometimes however I like sitting on the ground instead of going in circles in the air. I agree on the weight of luggage why only 40 lbs and not 50. as far as the staff and service no problem. Going to MYR in 3 weeks I'll see if there are any changes to the bad."
"My husband and I flew from FT. Lauderdale to San Juan this past weekend. The flight left on time and was fine! True this flight is only 2.5 hrs long if you are on longer flights the seats are tight. We have used our credit card for free spirit flights we've gone to L.A. twice to N.Y and now to P.R. Bring snacks reading material a deck of cards anything because there is no entertainment but for the cheap fares we'll make the sacrifice."
"Las Vegas from Minneapolis flight 763 April 12 2014. Return to Minneapolis from Las Vegas flight 612 April 19. We were worried after reading reviews however our first trip with Spirit was professional from the moment we traveled to Las Vegas and back."
"My husband and I flew from FT. Lauderdale to San Juan this past weekend. The flight left on time and was fine! True this flight is only 2.5 hrs long if you are on longer flights the seats are tight. We have used our credit card for free spirit flights we've gone to L.A. twice to N.Y and now to P.R. Bring snacks reading material a deck of cards anything because there is no entertainment but for the cheap fares we'll make the sacrifice."
"This was my 1st flight with Spirit airlines from Oakland CA to Las Vegas NV. The flight attendant's were very nice even told me that I didn't have to check my bag in and just to add my purse to my bag which saved me money the flight was great and the flight captain relaxed us with his jokes. I have flown all over the US and Europe and with the ease I had at checking in the courteous staff and having any question answered promptly I will definitely book again with Spirit."
"Before flying with Spirit my family and I felt a little anxious. We didn't know anything about this airline so we took a chance and the experience was nice. Excellent staff at the airports. Spirit is a Low Cost Airline do not expect great service onboard. The itinerary was on time including layover at Fort Lauderdale. If someone is looking for save some money although you must pay for luggage snacks seat location etc this airline is a good choice. But if people want special service on board first class free luggage or seat location this is not your best bet. The most important must be the air safety excellent maintenance and well trained crews and if this airline does it I have no complaints. After all everybody wants to arrive on time to your destination."
"I must say after reading some of the past reviews prior to our flight we were a little nervous. But once we had our first experience last week we will fly with Spirit again. The airline gets us to point A to point B safely and a budget that will work for our family. If you want all the bells and whistles go with a different airline. But if you think about it it clearly states how much baggage fees will cost you during online reservation vs counter check in. People were surprised by the Luggage weight requirements Printing out boarding passes Leg room Seat not reclining really? Do we complain just to complain! We always want something for nothing!"
"I booked a flight from Santiago Dominican Republic to Chicago Illinois. This was booked with reservation because I traveled through Spirit a couple of years ago and had a horrible experience. At that time I vowed to not travel with this airline and when asked about the airline I spoke of how horrible it was. I booked Spirit this time only because it was the most economical not the best flight accommodations because I had 2 layovers Santiago to Ft. Lauderdale Ft. Lauderdale to Orlando and Orlando to Chicago which Orlando's layover was approximately 10 hours but for the price why not. I went online to pay for baggage which Spirit happens to be one of few airlines that charge for first bag when flying internationally. I was confused that when I pay for baggage from Santiago to Chicago I had to pay double. I spoke with representative she stated once your bags are paid for the charge is from Santiago to Chicago. When I arrived at the airport in Santiago I spoke with Customer Service Representative for clarity about the bags and bag charge. She stated my bags were paid only through my second layover which was Orlando but from Orlando to Chicago the were not paid for. I explained to the Representative that I spoke with someone over the phone stating it was paid through Chicago. She spoke with her Supervisor the Supervisor made the adjustment and I was on my way. Lines at Security once I arrived at Ft. Lauderdale and Orlando were long but moved very fast. Staff were friendly and helpful. My bags made it to my final destination Chicago without incident. Spirit has redeemed itself I will fly again and recommend to everyone."
"My husband and I recently flew Spirit for the first time on a flight from Boston to Ft Myers FL. We had read all of the bad reviews but decided to take our chances and try it because the price (even with all the add ons) was cheaper than other airlines and it was a non-stop flight. If you do your homework and educate yourself on all of their add on costs there shouldn't be any surprises. The only thing I hadn't read about was their weight limit. It's 40 lbs. per checked bag or 80 lbs. total for 2 bags for Spirit and 50 lbs. per bag for other airlines. We each checked a suitcase and a set of golf clubs and the combined weight of the 2 bags for each of us was a little over 80 lbs. but they allowed a little wiggle room and didn't charge us extra which we appreciated. The flights were on time and the planes were clean. We opted to pay $25 each way for exit row seats so we had plenty of legroom but I did notice that the regular seats were quite close with little legroom. My only complaint was that the seats didn't have much padding and didn't recline. I would have no reason based on my first experience not to fly with this airline again. My advice to those contemplating flying Spirit would be to read and understand all of their policies then there won't be any surprises."
"My daughter that is pregnant had an emergency surgery and I had to get from Tampa to Dallas ASAP on a minutes notice. All other airlines charged between $700-$900 for a same day flight. I found Spirit and purchased a ticket for less than $400. I read upfront about the extra cost with baggage and food and planned accordingly. I took my one small backpack and bought my snacks and water and got onboard. The airport staff and the flight attendants onboard the aircraft were extremely courteous and kind. Yes the seats are closer and not quite the same aisle space but for getting me where I needed to go - fast and at a decent price. I had no flight delays and arrived on time."
"My sister and I flew from New Orleans to Dallas on April 4-8 2014 and were pleased with their service! We read all the rules carefully and packed accordingly. No problem with our 1 checked bag a piece. We printed our boarding passes and prepaid our luggage both ways. The ticket agent in New Orleans even offered for us to choose our seats (free of charge) because the flight was not full. Pleasant flight attendants and they did not overly push their credit card. The return flight from Dallas was just as good and the cabin crew even better."
"Looks like cheaper airfare but is not! Don't be fooled. Tons of add on expenses include: Baggage seats fare club membership government's cut security fee passenger facility fee segment fee and federal excise tax. I accidentally paid for 4 bags to check online and only needed to check 2."
"I recently flew Spirit airlines for the first time. After reading all the reviews posted I was nervous and somewhat sceptical about this airline. However both to and from Orlando I couldn't have asked for anything better! From the time I checked at Houston the staff was fantastic to the flight staff to the members in Orlando I was very happy with the service that I received. I would definitely recommend Spirit to others and will be using this airline again!"
"My wife and I recently flew round trip from Chicago to Orlando. I was somewhat leery of flying Spirit after reading the many reviews. However my anxieties were alleviated after this trip. Why? Simple I did my homework. I read reread and researched Spirit's baggage policies and followed them to the letter. We experienced no problems at all from check-in to deplaning on both legs of our trip. If you plan on taking advantage of Spirit's low rates great. Enjoy the extra cash in your pocket. However if you can't fit their guidelines for baggage weight and size limits then plan on paying additional. By the way my wife and I did have to pay additional money for three checked baggage but the final cost was still over $500 cheaper than the other airlines that I was considering before booking my flights on Spirit."
"Don't expect a 5 star experience for a 1 star price! Read everything and prepare your baggage beforehand. We saved lots of money flying with spirit! Our expectations were low due to all the terrible reviews but everything went fine! We didn't buy anything on the plane nor extra baggage. Seat were okay but I would consider larger seats as I am a tall person and leg room was a bit tight. Staff was pleasant at Plattsburg airport a bit less at Fort Lauderdale but still reasonable. No entertainment was offered."
"I first flew Spirit in November 2013 on a return trip to and from Cancun Mexico. Booked on Spirit after coming across the cheap prices on Kayak. I went to the airport ready to do battle but much to my surprise I was quickly processed through there were no surprise extra costs and the flights were in fact uneventful. I again flew last week to and from San Diego and the experience was the same. Yes I wish they had better seats with more leg room and perhaps provide some sustenance during the flight but I guess one has to prepare for lack of such amenities when flying budget. Would I fly with them again? Yes I would. During the four flights I had with Spirit I saw the ground/airport crew work overtime to make sure that we did not miss the connecting flights when there were delays sometimes personally escorting/directing the passengers through the maze of airport hubs and the on-air crews were always pleasant."
"It wasn't as bad as everyone said it would be or it was as a matter of fact it feels the same as every other plane. I traveled with 4 children and my spouse and were seated together to and from MN MPLS to LAX CA. We booked our check bag online and kept the luggage under 40lbs so it only cost $21 since I joined the $9 club. We saved over $350 for our entire trip."
"People who complain about the fees and whatnot must not read before booking their flights. The site is very clear about the various fees all the way through the booking process. With the membership we saved a ton of money on our flight even with baggage fees and the extra fees to reserve big front seats it was still cheaper than flying a major airline even if we cashed in airmiles. As far as customer service goes we had no issues. Staff at Niagara airport were fine we had no issues and because it's such a small airport we got through check-in and security in record time. The flight itself was fine. There was a technical issue with the gate but even after having to switch gates we still departed on time. Big front seats are worth the extra money for sure. On the way home we had very friendly staff at Ft Lauderdale airport. There was an issue with the cleanliness of the plane on our return trip. Our seats weren't spotless but not gross but it seems that the cleaning crew didn't notice that someone had been sick in the row across from us. A passenger unfortunately put her hand in it while getting to her seat and had to go back out to the terminal to wash it off. The flight attendant was very sincere and concerned apologized to them and everyone in the area got the cleaning crew back in asap to take care of it sprayed some air freshener apologized again and again and had the passengers from that row seated in another row for the flight since there were some empty seats. It was unfortunate but the attendant handled it perfectly and we still left on time. The rest of the flight there were no issues. Even with major airlines I've almost always found garbage in the seat pocket that got missed it happens. Overall I would fly Spirit again but maybe not for a long flight. I recommend it if you want to save some money and don't care about inflight meals and movies (you can purchase snacks and drinks this is pretty typical of most airlines now anyway not many provide a free meal or snack these days). If you're a tall or heavy person definitely pay the extra for the big front seats. Generally speaking you get what you pay for. This is a discount airline so go in with low expectations and you'll be fine."
"I had to fly last minute from SFO (San Francisco) to LAS (Las Vegas) one way and Spirit offered the lowest price out of any airline in the SF Bay Area the trek to (OAK) Oakland Airport was a little further than I normally travel to get to an airport but the deal was too good to pass up. The flight was not full although I checked in the day before I was given a seat upgrade to a window seat near the front. The cabin crew was friendly and made the early morning flight easier with humor. Flight duration was exactly as advertised and actually landed a few minutes early and it was a pleasant flight in a brand new airplane. The one thing I did not like were the seats far too close together and much too thin. I'm only 5'6\" and felt too big for the seats if it had been a longer flight I would have been very uncomfortable for the for 1 hour and 20 minutes I was in the seat it was bearable barely. A word of warning: Spirit charges fees for absolutely everything you want to pick your seat? Fee please want carry-on luggage? Fee please You want to check baggage? Fee please You want a snack on board? Fee please. Credit /debit only we don't recognize $USD as real currency. However if you know what you need for a flight this can be a good deal."
"I flew 3-19-14 and 3-26-14 from ATL to DFW and return. I was prepared for the worst however was pleasantly surprised. I had only one carry on backpack. I checked the size requirements and had to bring one of my smallest backpacks to fit their requirements but I had no problems. I brought my own snacks. I had one checked bag under weight limits so no problem there. I did pay $60 RT for it. I am 5'10\" and didn't have a problem. I didn't care about seat arrangements so I let them seat me. I got an aisle and window seat. The crew were very pleasant the plane was clean and looked new. Flights left and returned all on time. I paid under $200 for everything and made my reservations one week in advance! I printed my boarding pass in advance when leaving and upon returning. I had no extra or hidden charges as I had prepared myself. I highly recommend them just decide if their specifications can fit your comfort level."
"You get what you pay for. I was forced to give at least one star otherwise I would have given zero for seat comfort and inflight entertainment (there is none). I am not a tall person and I have never had my knees so scrunched up on any other airline. Also if you do decide to fly on the cheap with Spirit (not advisable in my opinion) wait to check in and you will get a better seat' if you check in 23 hours in advance they'll give you the poorest seat unless you pay for it but if you wait they will be forced to give you one of the \"premium\" seats for free."
"Traveled from Houston to Orlando round trip Both flights were on time. Airline personnel were all courteous. Seats were comfortable. I read the rules about baggage boarding passes and other charges ahead of time so there were so surprise expenses. It costs less to list a checked bag during registration and printing a boarding pass at home saves $10. Let them give you a random seat and there will not be a charge for a seat I got a middle seat on one flight and aisle seat on the other. Good value for the price."
"New York to Bogota. All of my flights departed on time and arrived earlier than estimated. The flight was ok the prices for snacks were reasonable although there weren't many options the biggest problem in the flight were that the chairs don't recline at all. Another big problem is that all low-cost airlines charge you for the checked bags but Spirit also charges for carry-on luggage which I found out after I paid for the ticket with that extra payment it ended up costing the same as a regular flight with United. Heads up! They also charge you for choosing seats! I wouldn't recommend it because you can get a cheap flight with all of the comforts needed without paying more."
"While they have luggage fees for carry-ons which most airlines have for free your flight is still much cheaper. We found staff to be courteous and helpful from checkout counter to the flight attendants. Complain about not getting a free beverage they charge 5 dollars for 2 I paid 8 dollars for chips and a cookie with United! It's not outrageous when you would pay more for the same item with a different airline. I paid 4 dollars for a water at the airport and 12 dollars for a cheeseburger so I didn't find the price for a beverage crazy as most but reasonable! If you don't want to pay baggage fees carry a backpack it is free! We went from Baltimore to Las Vegas and found the flight pleasant. Will definitely book with them again!"
"I fly Spirit Airlines often have been using this airlines for years. Yes they do charge for nearly everything. However flying from LGA to MYR Spirit is the way to go. Just be prepared check in at LGA is a real pain. Make sure you get there early once checked in everything always seems to go smoothly. Check in at MYR is much easier and more efficient. Book way in advance and choose the seat you would like my wife and I always spend the bucks for the wide seats so much better than other seats. Check out other airlines you will find Spirit to be the best going between the two airports listed above."
"Last month I flew from Myrtle Beach International to La Guardia in NYC. I must say I had a great experience! Check in was a breeze. Did quick bag drop. The crew on board were nice. Flight is only 1 hr 20 min. Same great service on the way back. Did quick bag drop at La Guardia. They had double booked a seat but the crew were very efficient with solving the problem and we were all able to stay onboard! I'm flying using Spirit again in May! Only thing is the baggage fees which I was not thrilled about. Also there aren't any complimentary drinks or food but the trip was less than 90 minute so it's not that serious."
"My family has used Spirit twice in the last two months. The first time my husband booked the flight and was very excited about getting my family of 5 tickets to Atlanta for around $70 a piece. I went onto their website and found that everything cost extra. Luggage food printing boarding passes and even being able to sit with your family. It states that sitting with your family is not guaranteed unless you reserve your seats starting at $10 a piece. I thought surely they would allow small children to sit with their parents but called to be sure. All they could say was \"we cannot guarantee that your children will be able to sit with you but we will try\". My children are 1 4 and 6 I could not leave that to chance. I was surprised however that my 1 year olds ticket was free because he could sit on our lap. They even allowed us to check his car seat for free. We arrived 2 hours early (5am) with plenty of staff to direct us where to go. The flight attendants were nice. The seats didn't recline but the flight was smooth. The second time my husband and my son were flying to ATL again. I went to help my husband check his bag and the car seat. We arrive at the Spirit area there are 4 reps working the counters. We stand in line for 15 minutes with one person in front of us. During that time several people joined the line behind us. A rep then walks up to replace one of the other ones points at everyone and yells \"if your checking bags your in the wrong line these are just for people booking flights.\" She directs everyone to one representative and all of the people who were in front of the line are now at the back. After waiting 20 minutes it is our turn. We walk up to the rep and seeing that we don't have our boarding pass pre-printed. the first words out of his mouth are \"you know your going to have to pay ten bucks for printing your boarding pass.\" I explain that we were not allowed to because of the \"infant in lap.\" He then tries to tell me that we are in the wrong line and tries to direct me back to the line I was originally in. He acted like everything was an inconvenience. He checked out luggage and pointed to an area for oversized luggage for our car seat. I didn't go on the flight with my husband and son so I can only hope that the customer service was better than what we received at the check in counter. So I have had one good experience and one bad experience with Spirit."
"ACY-FLL return. Having read the reviews here I was prepared for the worst. However I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised. Perhaps flying out of Atlantic City's small airport helped. Both flights were on time ground crew and cabin crew got to work and were pleasant enough. I must admit I scoured their website for all their travel conditions and was well aware of all details and ensured all check in baggage was within the weight limit and dimensions before I got to the airport. I did see quite a number of people complaining and carrying on about being charged for their bags at both FLL and ACY. Its not that hard to avert these situations at the airport. The trick is to just be extra vigilant with things like baggage weight and all the conditions of your ticket with Spirit before you get to the airport. It is a budget carrier so it seems ridiculous to pay bottom dollar and then expect Emirates style service. On board as everyone knows their legroom is notoriously minimal and probably not going to kill you on a short 2-3 hour flight. A longer trans-continental though might just begin to. There's only buy on board snacks so bring your own. That's pretty much par for the course even if you fly with one of the bigger legacy carriers. BYO Entertainment too. For this short trip Spirit made sense and delivered. United and AA were both about $200 more for a comparable route and while they might offer frequent flyer mileage possibly entertainment there was little else that would have been dramatically different sad to say."
"Mpls to Orlando during spring break. Plane was clean and comfortable staff pleasant at every turn. Original departure was delayed 2 hours due to \"maintenance issues\". Boarding staff kept us updated on our timeline. Cash cannot be used on the plane for food and beverages. CC only. Two small things. Seats are close together. If you are over 6 feet tall you might feel cramped. Second we overheard a conversation between a customer and flight attendant where the attendant wanted the customer to change seats to accommodate a family that did not pre-pay for seat selection and was spread over the plane. The trouble was the customer being asked to change seats HAD pre- paid for his seat selection but was still being pressured to move even after he explained he had paid for current seat. The attendant was insistent and the guy ended up moving."
"My favorite airline JetBlue was impossibly expensive for one way from Ft Myers FL to Boston so I didn't have much of a choice except to give them a try. I booked online adding $35 for carry on and $14 for seat selection of an aisle seat and still came in under $200 - way below any others for a non-stop late reservation. I printed out my boarding pass before leaving home. I carried on a sandwich and drink. The aircraft Airbus 320 with 3-3 seating seemed brand new. Everything was spotless and unscratched. The seats were tight and close but not any more so than AirTran. Half way through the flight I realized the seats didn't recline but it was just a 3 hour flight so endurable. The boarding process was painless; it was a full flight and we left on time and arrived early. I didn't get out of my seat so can't comment on the bathroom facilities. Also I had to answer all the questions but I had no experience with staff service food and beverages and inflight entertainment so only rated them 1 star which might affect my overall rating. I recommend Spirit with the caveat that it definitely is no frills and would fly them again if price and a non-stop flight are my only concerns."
"Friendly helpful staff. We were able to get cheap flights round trip out of Chicago. The flight was 30 min late out of the gates but due to the weather all flights were late that evening. We were early on the return flight. The staff seemed to enjoy their job and it showed when dealing with the customers. The biggest complaint is the seats do not recline at all. We took a red eye flight both ways which makes it very difficult to sleep. Also I understand charging for beverages but I think a glass of water should be offered at no charge."
"Flew from Ft Lauderdale Airport to Chicago O Hare. It was a morning flight so experience a mile long wait at the TSA counter in Ft Lauderdale airline cannot be blamed for this. Booked this flight because it was cheap and since we were doing a lot of around the country flights Spirit really saved us some money. I was really satisfied with the flight slept through most of it the flight was cramped with no inflight entertainment but that did not bother me much. I know most people complain about the extra charges but if you plan your trip right at the start with spirit it is actually quite a good experience. We flew back to Las Vegas using Spirit and I found that experience to be good also no delays in either flights. Overall will fly Spirit again."
"We live in Toronto and have flown out of Buffalo NY into Florida for years. We were delighted to find out that flights were available from Niagara Falls into Fort Lauderdale. Flight cost was a couple hundred less than other carriers for the dates we had searched. We were sure to read all of the details in traveling with this discount airline. We took advantage of checking in bags online booked seats in the exit rows for a little extra space and checked-in/printed out boarding pass before heading to the airport which not only saved money in the long run but also meant that we literally spent less than 5 min. in the fast bag drop line at Fort Lauderdale airport. On our outboard flight we were delayed getting into Niagara Falls due to a snow storm and arrived to the check in counter 15 min. prior to the scheduled departure time. They gladly took our bags and we boarded the aircraft which was delayed by a 1/2 hour due to weather for the incoming flight. On the return flight we found out 4 hours prior to our departure that the flight would be delayed by 1 hour this was a little tough to hear as we were taking a night flight which meant that we would now not arrive into Niagara Falls until 2am. All was fine and the flight left as per the delay that was noted on the companies website. We would fly this airline again have in fact already booked the family in for our Cruise out of Miami in October. Even with the added cost for bag check- in and upgrade to exit row seats we still find this airline to be much more cost effective. You can't expect to fly with a discount carrier and expect a Delta flight. The only one negative thing that we can say it that we wished that the seats on the aircraft reclined on the overnight flights."
"My trip turned out to be enjoyable and no surprises if you plan ahead and follow the baggage weight and size policy to the letter. We flew as a family of 4 from New York to Fort Lauderdale on an airbus A321. Both flights arrived on time and baggage came out within 20 minutes of arriving. The seats were comfortable enough for a 3 hour flight and I am 6 ft tall. The airport terminals for cheap airlines are dingy and overcrowded. Your fare does not include \"seats\". There are cheap seats range from $10 to $40 each way so make sure you book your $10 seats online as early as possible or your trip cost just went up $80 per person. The best deal is the free personal bag (backpack) - you can stuff quite a bit in 16x14x12. Our checked baggage was overweight and the FLL agent was nice and gave us tips to put the heavy items in our backpack to avoid paying the $50 overweight fee! Our flight out was 30 minutes late departure (but still landed on time) and the agents on board were friendly and rolled off a few good jokes to win the crowd over. Fill up you water bottles at the terminal to avoid buying drinks onboard and bring some chips. Our bikes cost $75 which is much cheaper than the major carriers. Overall we saved about $800 for a family of four and we would do it again."
"Flight 319 MSP-RSW 3/1/2014. Flight 318 RSW-MSP 3/5/14. Do your homework lower your expectations and enjoy your cheap airfare. They charge for everything water to check a bag to stow your carry-on in the overhead compartment to choose a seat print your boarding pass at the airport. Do your homework and figure out what makes the most sense for your trip and don't assume you'll get anything for free. For 2 of us checking one bag and purchasing our seats was still $150 cheaper than 2 tickets on Delta. You are allowed one free carry- on bag but it needs to fit under the seat and must meet the dimensions set by Spirit we each had computer bags and were just fine. Checked baggage must weigh less than 40 lbs - 10lbs lighter than most airlines. There is no wifi on board. There are no inflight magazines bring a book or buy a magazine. The seats are smaller than normal coach. If you are uncomfortable in coach seats on Delta don't fly Spirit. I'm 5'5' and 6 months pregnant with an aisle seat on a 3 hour flight I was fine. They will try to sell you a credit card they're not super pushy but it's a little annoying. We checked in online within 24 hours printed our boarding passes with no problem. We went in with super low expectations and arrived at the airport 2 hours early. If you check in online you qualify for \"quick check in\" so we actually bypassed the line when we flew home. In MSP we waited 15 minutes. The ticket agents in MSP and Ft. Myers were friendly and helpful. Our outbound flight was a bit delayed because the inbound flight had to de-ice. Boarded at the time the plane was supposed to depart but they were efficient and we landed 5 minutes early. Flight home after vacation actually left early and landed 15 minutes early. Flight attendants on both flights were friendly and nice. Our luggage arrived in one piece."
"My family of 4 traveled for the third time with Sprit from Dallas to Los Angeles. For the third time we had a great experience. Staff have always been very cordial and helpful. On our latest trip we had a storm while we were gone that required us to come home a day early. After thinking we might need to pay hundreds of dollars to change our flight they ultimately allowed us to move our flight up a day for a minimal change fee. In addition to Spirit going the extra mile to help us out the whole experience was great. The plane seats and interior appeared new and clean the seats don't recline which while maybe being less uncomfortable for you you also don't have the person in front of you invading your space. With Spirit if you understand that they are a pay for each service airline and read the fee lists you can fly for a lot cheaper than other airlines without being blindsided by a surprise fee. We flew for nearly half the price of the next airline. If only they flew out of OKC."
"I just booked my third round-trip flight from San Diego to Portland Oregon. Rt 89.00. I don't take any luggage and go with standard seating. The flight is direct 2.5 hrs. All personnel were very attentive. Three day trip to see my new granddaughter. No entertainment but I bring my tablet."
"My job requires that I travel almost weekly and have flown almost all of the major domestic airlines. Yes they do not offer the amenities of some of the other airlines I prefer the half the cost of the economy rate. As far as the lack of reclining and distance between the rows. I am a big man I prefer the extra width of the Airbus 320 seats and not having the room I do have between the rows invaded by the person in front of me feeling the urge to lay down at the expense of others. As far as the baggage fees when checking in goes I prefer that as opposed to waiting extra time in line for someone to pay for their checked bags. I only take my computer bag on the plane with me. I prefer putting the bag in the overhead instead of under the seat in front of me to make more room for my feet. I will gladly pay for exit row seating as well as my $5 snack & drink. Still much cheaper than the rest of the airlines."
"I booked a round trip from my homeland Costa Rica to New York (La Guardia) last October. No delays (we had two connection flights in Fort Lauderdale with the same result) a positive attitude from the staff a decent A320 aircraft and even more important: no last-hour or surprise fees! If you're not traveling light pay the fee for the bags at the moment of the transaction and select (buy) your seats. The snack menu is poor please eat something before you board the plane. Don't expect a lot of legroom (I'm tall and slim but I never felt really uncomfortable). I made all my trip with a standard size backpack and it was free of charge! With this airline you get what you paid for do not expect more."
"RT MSP-LAX-MSP week of Feb 3. Booked with 8 days notice through the web site which worked fine. Opted for available big up front seats paid for checked baggage (1 bag) both ways and still over $400 less than my usual airline Delta. That's too much of a difference to overlook. Service was fine equipment is A319/320 seats a bit worn but plenty big. Will use again. Do your homework eat ahead bring a book and it's all good."
"Still amazes me at how long it's taking Americans - based upon reviews below - to appreciate the European import of the budget airline concept. This ATL-DFW Saturday night flight was my 3rd Spirit flight each at an unbeatable fare with excellent service. No surprises except for the very nice FA's wasn't expecting such a positive attitude from them. Also this was the first of my 3 flights that wasn't oversold had an entire row to myself! On the down side there is very little personal space don't get stuck in a middle seat of your over 5'6\"."
"We booked a flight from Minneapolis to Orlando. We knew ahead of time about extra pricing and decided to upgrade to the larger front seats. The flight attendants on the morning trip of Feb 15th were fantastic. I honestly did not expect a good experience because of what I had heard about Spirit but I have no complaints. I will be flying them again in the near future. I think the key is to be educated and realize that this is a \"pay for what you use airline \". We brought our own drinks and snacks on board and no one said a word!"
"New Airbus 320 clean and comfortable. On time both down and back. Seats comfortable non-reclining but no less space than any other airline. Staff very friendly and helpful. Great pay-for-what-you-use model. Three round trips between Boston and Ft. Myers for about $750 total counting some of the extras people complain about. Here is the secret for Spirit - read completely and fully understand how it all works before you click \"purchase.\" Most complaints seem to come from people who do not pre-purchase what they want or need and show up at the airport wholly unprepared. Yes they do sock you with outrageous fees if you are one of the great unwashed masses who can't seem to get out of your own way. Before purchasing select your seat choose how you will take luggage and pay for it at the time you book and pay for your flight. Check in online before you go to the airport. No surprises. We fly a lot mostly on Southwest which we love and I did not notice much difference - except the price and less inane humor from the flight attendants. We had a great round trip flight and will consider taking Spirit again."
"Just completed a round trip from BWI to Las Vegas. The service at Spirit was as I expected. I anticipated that Spirit was like the Greyhound of air carriers. For your discounted ticket you get the seat you will ride in and the storage space under the seat. If your personal items will not fit in this space you will be charged for a carry-on bag which is $100 at the time of boarding. The Spirit webpage has the baggage policy which clearly explains the weight and measurement restrictions. Checked baggage is $30 each and carry on is $35 if purchased prior to the start of boarding. Boarding passes should be printed prior to arrival at the airport to avoid a charge to use Spirit's printer. I did some research on the seating on the plane i was booked on and found that the seat spacing is the tightest in the industry. I opted to purchase an exit row seat which was well worth the $25 each way. Even with the additional costs for amenities I saved at least $100 on airfare compared to other carriers providing service from BWI to LAS. I would fly Spirit again tomorrow if needed. If you like having free drink service pillows and blankets then Spirit is not for you. Spirit is a no frills airline but they got me to my destination and back safely and on time. Most of the complaints I heard while on this trip were by people who paid for a flight on an airline and assumed they knew what they were buying. If you take the time to understand what you are buying Spirit is a bargain."
"12/30/2013 to 1/3/2014. Flights 469 and 470. Flights from Dallas to Las Vegas went off without a hitch. Las Vegas to Dallas great flight. All in all I would definitely fly Spirit again."
"Dec 26 flight 451 PBG to FLL. Jan 6 flight 450 FLL to PBG. Spirit is one of my favorite airlines for the price. I fly o Fort Lauderdale to Plattsburgh every 2 weeks. Price is cheap for airline with fleet of all new A320 aircrafts. Almost on time except for bad weather."
"I fly from MSP to TPA several times each winter. I have used Spirit several times. I fly with a service dog. I have had very few problems. The seats are tight but my dog fits herself under the seat in front of me. For a 3 hour flight the prices can't be beaten. People who complain about extra fees etc. have obviously not read information on the website. It is all spelled out and should hold no surprises. I compare flying Spirit to taking the bus-absolutely no frills but it gets you where you want to go!"
"Flight 345 MSP to PHX on 12/22/13 and Flight 342 PHX to MSP on 12/26/13. My 9 month old puppy and I had a great experience flying Spirit this past Christmas season! The airport staff check-in staff and security were extremely helpful and friendly in getting me through the process with my pet. Flight attendants were pleasant! The room under the seat was sufficient for my pets carrier. Although I did think the $100 each way price for my pet was a little steep I will look at Spirit first for my future flights."
"We (family of 4) used Spirit round trip Phoenix to Minneapolis over the holiday and were very satisfied. We saved considerable amount even with the various charges. As with anything you do need to read and understand the fees. Even so it was far cheaper. The check in person in both cities was extremely polite as was the flight crew. Yes the leg room is tight but for what we saved I can deal with that. We fly a lot and I can't say any other airline has better service. Service goes a long way and if this airline maintains low fairs and good service they should succeed in my opinion."
