"x"
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Cincinnati. First time flying with United. First class left much to be desired. Typically when we have flown in First, we are offered a beverage while waiting for passengers to board and during taxi. Not the case with our flight. Finally offered beverage after we took off and in plastic glass. There was no movie, no entertainment whatsoever. Food was fabulous. Seats comfortable but beyond that I cannot call it First Class! No pillows! No snacks! Did have a cheap blanket. Flight attendants, well.."
"Verified Review | My last trip on United Airlines left me feeling angry, tricked, humiliated and disrespected. The new Basic Economy fair offered by United appears to be a marketing trick to make their lowest fair seem competitive with other airlines' basic fares. They are not when you consider the grab for further dollars one experiences at the airport kiosk by attendants stationed there for no other reason than to hold one's boarding pass hostage until they can very strictly put one through a bag measurement process almost certainly designed to fail most bags. When I made my airline selection for this trip, I had three acceptable airline choices for what seemed to be comparable economy fares, with similar measurement maximums for one's allowable personal item. I selected United for no other reason than their fare and bag seemed to match the others, but I liked the flight time slightly better. I could have just as easily chosen either of the other two airlines. Had I known the ugliness and embarrassment that they cause me in front of my daughter due to their extortion of further funds at the kiosk, I would certainly have chosen one of the other two. United seems to continually hate and disrespect their customers with policies and procedures designed to humiliate them for needing to fly on a budget due either to family or other commitments. When I left home, I carefully measured both my and my 11 year old daughter's personal items. Aside from the wheels on her very small child's size suitcase, both items fit the measurements. I put my purse inside my personal item, such that between the two of us we had exactly two items. The Basic Economy fare does not allow one to check in online before getting to the airport. One is forced to print one's boarding pass at the airport kiosk. When one arrives at the kiosk, one cannot complete the boarding pass process with having an attendant approve final printing of the pass by checking the size of the personal item, then scanning his/her badge to unlock the system. The attendant had no problem with our personal items when we left our home airport. We arrived at our destination without incident. United immediately sent me an option to review my leaving flight, but I wanted to wait until we returned home. Returning home from Dallas international airport a few days later was a completely different story. I had to get up in the middle of the night to return our rental car and make a 6am flight. When we arrived at the kiosk, the attendant put us through a rigorous bag measuring process. A zipper on my personal item kept catching on the metal, but I was able to get the bag into the box. I was very tired from having gotten up in the middle of the night, and forgot to put my purse into my personal item. I had to struggle to stuff it in at the last minute. My daughter's very small suitcase fit exactly, except for the small wheels. The suitcase fit with plenty of room to spare on the way to Dallas. The kiosk attendant stated that the measurement requirements had nothing to do with whether or not the item fit under the seat, meaning they were in place solely as a justification to get more money. Once I paid for the bag, the attendant didn't even finish printing our boarding passes. I had to get another attendant to finish printing them. The attendants are there for no other purpose than to collect more money by scrupulously measuring bags. They are not there for any benefit to the customer whatsoever. Despise United."
"This was a truly terrible experience flying from St. Louis to Newark. The plane looked like it was going to fall to pieces. No idea why United has such planes degrading their name. You had the feeling that you were sitting on a seat that belonged on the dump. The only good thing I can say is that the flight attendant was friendly. Going to the bathroom the lock jammed. The handle fell off. I was glad that I had not locked the door when I saw this. I decided that I did not need to go. The enclosed picture shows the general state of this horrid plane."
"Verified Review | United staff were incredibly rude to me. Not explaining anything and treating me like I was dumb. If you fly basic economy now, you can only have your purse, no bags for free. You have to pay $25 and check it, if you have a bag and a purse. If you fly basic economy, you can’t do standby, no options, they do not state this on their website either. My flight was delayed 2 hours, no explanation and no sympathy from their terrible company. I will never be flying United again and will tell everyone not to fly."
"Verified Review | Erie to Chicago. This airline is terrible. Never fly it if possible. Back pack I have traveled with not allowed in cabin, bizar. In cabin now, lots of bigger packs under other passengers seats. Stewardess would not discuss with me for a second. Very unhappy. Avoid at all cost. Pilot just announced we are delayed. We will have a big problem making our connecting flight."
"Verified Review | Miami to San Francisco. Never have I experienced such delays for no apparent reason other than the flight was late to begin with - they boarded us two hrs late, as soon as the prior flight de boarded. Bathrooms filthy, no beverage service, other than warm water. After boarding they notified us that we would be sitting in the plane for another two hours. Not a full flight so we found some seats to stretch out in, as soon as I got comfortable in my new seat I was informed that I had to relocate to my original cell of torture - again, for no apparent reason. The attendant begrudgingly gave me warm water as if! Suffice it to say, I will avoid flying this airline at all costs."
"Verified Review | We booked to travel from Cincinnati to Chicago at 7:30AM to catch our international flight at 1:03 PM. United Airlines delayed the flight due to some maintenance issue and when we asked them to transfer our reservation for the next flight or book us with some other airline they said nothing is available for the time we wanted but when we personally checked for available flights we saw it was available. When we asked them to do it they showed inability and we could not fly with other airlines too bacause this airline wasted the time and we missed our international flight and we lost $860 for it's cancellation and more $3540 amount for new tickets also. It's like we are paying for United Airlines mistake. We were going after 2 years to our country and they simply said sorry for whatever happened."
"Verified Review | Total scam! I purchased a basic economy which does not include luggage, but was told if I get a United Airlines credit card, I would get the first bag free. The United Airlines credit card has $95 annual fee, which is high, but if I get priority seating and 1 free bag, it will be worth it. When I check in, none of what they told me is true. Not only that, I could not check in my very small backpack on wheels because basic economy does not allow any carry on that fits in the overhead bin. No matter how much money I was willing to pay extra to keep my very small bag, smaller than airline regulation size bag with me, it was not an option and I had to pay $25 for the first checked bag and $35 for the second checked bag. The sales people push you to get their credit card with $95 annual fee and you get nothing in return - no priority seating and no carry on bag when you purchase basic economy ticket."
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Orlando. Two words, never again. I fly very often and I will no longer fly United. As I arrived to the gate the women checking the tickets let me know by her body language that I would not enjoy my flight. She appeared as though she hated her job, was irritated, and completely unwelcoming. Never looked up to take my ticket or anything. Once I scanned my ticket I was told I had to check my bag, there were still about 40 people waiting to board the plane. When asked why I received attitude of \"it just does, there is no room on the plane.\" As I get on the plane I notice empty overhead bins everywhere and as I am walking down I see that a majority of the bags are small personal items. Purses, small backpacks, plastic bags. So basically I had to check my bag because United fails to enforce policy and as well prematurely calls the aircraft \"full\". The whole point of me traveling light is so that I do not have to check my bag as this is one of the biggest headaches about traveling. I'll tell you I have never had this issue on competing airlines. Judging by the reviews of 3/10 I'd say that is accurate. Moving forward I would rather pay more than have to deal with this unfriendly, unwelcoming, and inconvenient airline."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Tokyo Narita. The food was absolutely disgusting the eggs and potatoes were the grossest thing I've ever eaten, then they gave us this so called snack, two buns with a thin slice of meat in it. The seats were so small, besides the nasty disgusting food and tight seats, the flight was on time and smooth. I travel this route four times a years and finally got a chance to complain"
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Tokyo Narita. SFO lounge closed at international terminal, food was terrible, bag was lost and delivered only a day later despite a direct flight. Terrible service. Every time I use United Airlines I instantly regret it. The ground staff wasn't helpful nor friendly in SFO"
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to San Francisco. I purchased a last minute flight home to Las Vegas to spend time with family. Because it was so last minute, I was looking for cheap tickets and United had the best deal. I booked a 5:50 AM flight back to San Francisco in order to land and get to work. Having flowing in and out of McCarran International Airport quite frequently on early morning flights, I knew that I should be able to move through things fairly quickly. I arrived at the airport at 5:05 AM. I went to a kiosk to print my boarding pass and was stopped. United Airlines employees told me that I was too late to get on my 5:50 AM flight, and that I would have to wait in the ticketing line to rebook my flight. I kept trying to explain to them that at I still had over forty-five minutes until my flight left and that I wasn't checking any baggage, but they wouldn't listen to me. Instead, they forced me to stand in a ticketing line for 20 minutes by which point it really was too late for me to make the flight. When I got to the counter the woman rebooking me acted as though I was checking my back. When I explained that I wasn't, she got what can only be described as an \"oh no\" look on her face. Then, she very apologetically explained to me that a mistake had been made, and that I should have been permitted to pass through and get on the flight. Apparently, despite having tried to explain the exact same thing multiple times to the other employees they chose to stop me anyway. I had missed the cut off for passengers trying to check luggage (45 mins) but not for people just trying to print their boarding pass and go straight through to the flight (30 mins). What made it even more frustrating was that I arrived in the terminal at the gate for my first flight before it had even taken off. At that point, I should have been offered some sort of compensation for the wasted time, but United didn't give me anything. I filed an official complaint on the website, but unfortunately I don't have any proof of what actually happened, and so I don't expect that it will be resolved in my favor. I definitely will not be flying them again if I can avoid it."
"Verified Review | Grand Rapids to Newark. Worst customer service ever. I will not use United Airlines again.They have nothing good to offer besides a cheap flight. My luggage was destroyed and they said they were not responsible. The ac unit on the entire plane was out, nothing was offered. And on another flight my chair was broken and wouldn't stay in one position. Super uncomfortable ride. I definitely do not recommend."
"Verified Review | The flight from Taipei to Las Vegas via San Francisco was very good! Better than expected. However, dealing with United Airlines customer services is another story. We wanted to cancel our return leg of Las Vegas to San Francisco as the transfer time is too tight and did not want to miss our international flight San Francisco to Taipei. I called customer services and at first they were quite polite on the phone until they told me I had to pay a cancelation fee of US$100. So, I said OK, what if we do not cancel the flight, but just don’t board the plane? They responded by saying I would still have to pay US$100. I asked why? UA will be able to resell the seats and I am not asking for a refund. Then she started being condescending and patronizing. I was outraged by their logic and treatment. How can they call themselves customer services? They did not service this customer!"
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Munich. I purchased a premium economy ticket through United (a Lufthansa operated flight) for approx 3000.00, get a receipt for economy, I call and they said it will be changed. Cannot check in until day of flight or pick my seat. They tell me at checkin that that is the price for economy! That is twice as much as their partner Lufthansa and 600 more than premium economy. Total rip off bait and switch, worse service. All about the money with no concern for customers. They are in the news all the time for a reason and that is because they don't have credibility. Will never fly them again!"
"Verified Review | Louisville to Tulsa via Chicago. The only reason they got any stars is because no stars wasn’t an option. Absolutely the worst! I picked up my checked bag at the baggage claim. Halfway out to my car I checked to see why it was pulling funny to find that the baggage handlers had somehow managed to break the frame of duffle bag. When I got home I called to make a claim only to be told that there was no way for them to correct the issue unless I drive an hour and a half back to the airport. Southwest might treat you like cattle but at least they’ve resolved every issue I’ve ever had."
"Verified Review | Des Moines to Orlando via Chicago. Basic Economy ticket, though my pregnant wife and I did not realize the restrictions now in place. We usually fly Delta, but booked these tickets later than usual and Delta flights from DSM were limited. I cannot believe any company would think it's is a good idea to force families or groups to not sit together. Even if there is extra room on the aircraft, they will not allow you to change seats. Tried online, tried when checking on at front desk, tried prior to boarding at the gate. These tickets were not basement bargains by any means. We were disappointed with United two years ago (last time we flew them), now we are absolutely disgusted. I don't care if you hold off on assigning seats until at the gate, for your \"cheapest tickets\". But if there are empty seats in the economy cabin, let families, groups, kids, parents, and couples, have the opportunity to sit next to eachother. Really, it does not matter, for you will never have our business again. And we will be strongly encouraging others to follow suit. We tried your services again expecting sub par service, and honestly were even more disappointed. Please stay away from this airline. Worst on the business, does care about it's customers. I feel sorry for the people working on this sinking ship."
"Verified Review | Ottawa to Washington. FA serving drinks put a full glass of juice on my six-year old son's tray. It immediately slid off onto his lap. She tossed napkins at us and got some paper towels from the FA working in the small first class cabin. The man behind my son seemed to have got some juice on his pants which passed through the back of my son's seat. The FA apologized up and down to him, advising him on how he could get some compensation and telling him how sorry she was. I was sitting there with a soaking wet six-year old. I told the FA that she put the drink down and it slid right off the tray. She proceeded to give me a lecture about how there's an indented part of the tray specifically for glasses and that when an airplane is ascending, it is on an angle - talking to me - a seasoned 1K or Global Services flier with United - as if I'm the six-year old. I found the purser and told him about the rudeness of his flying partner. He apologized profusely and said he'd speak with her. Completely unacceptable response by the FA working in the economy cabin."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Chicago. I booked the economy fare for a quick trip. I read the rules and saw that I could not bring a full size carryon bag; everything would have to fit under the seat. This was fine, I would not be able to carryon or handle checked luggage anyway because of recent shoulder surgery. I shipped my things via UPS to my destination. I had no problems from CVG to ORD other than the plane being delayed an hour – no big deal. The problem was when I got to ORD for the return trip. When I got to the airport they would not give me a boarding pass to get through security because I had a small purse and a 13\" laptop case. They interpreted the rule as only 1 carryon which was my purse. I brought both of them from CVG to ORD with no problem but in ORD I could not take the laptop. My purse was considered my 1 bag. I talked to 2 people and they both refused me. I tried to get them to let me take it to the gate for their checking but was refused that also. I could not check the laptop in the hold because it was a flimsy case that would not take the beating of the conveyor belt and it had a lithium battery. I had to leave my laptop with a friend to express ship to me at a great cost. I found this whole incident outrageous and unacceptable. You should not let people get through half of their trip and then enforce some policy and you should make this clear when buying the ticket that a purse is considered your carryon."
"Verified Review | United Airlines is an absolute mess. I was supposed to make an international flight from Chattanooga to Hamburg with two layovers in Newark, NJ and Copenhagen. Well the United flight from Chattanooga to Newark was cancelled due to “air traffic problems”. There was never any notification of the cancellation and everyone had to find out at check in. Since I was supposed to be making an international flight, they quickly rebooked me to fly to Chicago, then Frankfurt, then Hamburg. The flight from Chattanooga to Chicago was decent. I had a 4 hour layover in Chicago waiting to board my international flight to Frankfurt. As I was boarding the employees pulled me aside and told me my boarding pass wasn’t valid. They said I was booked going to Stockholm in the computer system. So they didn’t let me board the plane until they could figure out what’s going on. Then the plane closed the door and took off without me because they couldn’t sort out my ticket situation. So whoever rebooked my ticket, did something completely wrong - gave me a boarding pass that wasn’t actually valid, and I missed an overnight international flight. Since the error was 110% due to United’s employees lacking the simple skills to print a valid ticket, I was at least given a hotel room for the night. Unbelievable that this would happen."
"Verified Review | Flew Chicago to Dayton. I wanted to see the quality of United as we always fly American. Let's say I'd rather fly with Spirit Airlines. I will never book another flight with them. First we taxi out to the runway and wait for 15 minutes, then we turn back and go to the terminal and 3 people get off the plane. Let me tell you there was no communication at all to us. And we are now 45 min past departure time. We were supposed to be landing by the time we took off. Absolutely terrible."
"Verified Review | We got on the tarmac to leave from Philadelphia, right as we were about to take off the captain announced that there was a maintenance problem. 20 monutes later: captain announces the maintenance crew still hasn't arrived. 1+ hours later: finally leaves Philadelphia. Thankfully, we didn't have a connecting flight but I feel bad for the dozens of other people who did. I was already unsure about flying with United in the first place after hearing about other friends experiences. Now I understand where they are coming from. I don't care if it's typically a little cheaper compared to other airlines - I would never recommend this airline to anyone. Not worth it."
"Verified Review | Rochester to Newark. I understand things happen, flights are delayed for safety purposes, I get it. But do not tell your customers they can't bring the standard purse and smaller carry on until they get to the airport and you trick them into paying $25 to check in their bag. I only realized this while in line using their terrible app trying to check in and avoid the line. Extremely poor user experience. This should be made clear to customers and shouldnt even be their new policy because there is plenty of room under a passengers seats and in the overhead bin. This almost caused me to miss my flight, i just made it. Once you leave a bad first impression like that, doesnt matter if your crew is friendly and services you well. You have now given me a negative perception of your airline and i will gladly pay more to fly with jetblue and american where i have had great experiences. You really expanding those profit margins per the few extra passengers getting tricked into paying $25 to check a bag?"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Atlanta. Never using united again! My flight was extremely delayed. There wan no flights to get me and my family to our destination the same day. We're on a layover until the next day extremely unacceptable. There was no refund given So we had to still take the flight or lose all the money I paid on tickets for my family one infant and 2 toddlers waiting days for a flight at the airport is unacceptable. I hate United and will never recommend to anyone."
"Verified Review | Why does this airline exist? Worst experience, seats were filthy. The seat pockets had dirt in it, and service is usually bad. I went up to the customer help desk in Chicago to ask if I could jump on an earlier flight from Chicago to Cedar Rapids (I had a layover in Chicago). They told me the flight is full. When I mentioned there are tickets available on their website, I was told I can book it online then. While boarding the flight from Toronto, my carry-on bag was taken without my permission and checked-in. I am really speechless with the horrific experience. I am going to avoid United in future. Will pay few dollars extra for a better service."
"Verified Review | Worst service ever! I booked Chicago to Orlando economy ticket without knowing how bad and awful it was all the restrictions and the way they ask for them it's rude and disappointing. I realize that United Airlines is worse than low cost airlines, and this is the last time I book a flight with United"
"Verified Review | Boston to Charleston via Newark. Being charged an additional $25/way to carry on a bag on a United flight is a terrible way to get extra revenue for a company. On our connecting flight to Charleston thru Newark from Boston, and the airplane was half full with plenty of space to store additional bags in the overhead compartments. I feel taken advantage of and this will be the last time I ever fly United."
"Verified Review | Well, let me start off by saying that I never made the trip with United Airlines since my flight from Melbourne to Los Angeles was cancelled the night before (roughly around 15 hour before departure time). I simply got a one-line message saying that my flight was cancelled due to aircraft maintenance. No apologies offered. I called the customer service to confirm this and \"uh huh\" was the only answer I got. Again, no apologies made. The customer rep's attitude was extremely indifferent and just plain rude. Never, will I fly with this airline before. If you're thinking of flying long-haul flights with them, I advise you to think twice!"
"Verified Review | I had a direct flight from Denver to Milwaukee. My flight was fine, however my luggage never made the flight. How is that possible on a direct flight? I was told that they were sorry and my luggage would be on the next flight (which was later in the day), but would personally be delivered to me by the next morning (Tuesday). That was 1:30 in the afternoon on Monday and it is now Wednesday, late afternoon. I keep getting the \"run around\" giving me different answers every time I speak to someone. Luggage is still in Denver, now it's in Milwaukee, on its way to Chicago, on its way to Green Bay, back in Milwaukee, etc?) Extremely Frustrated."
"Verified Review | Portland to Austin . This trip was by far my worst experience flying and I fly pretty frequently for work. This trip started off by being diverted from Houston directly to Austin and having to sit 1.5 on the tarmac in a hot cabin. From there my luggage was lost and I had to have it shipped to my hotel missing my evening meeting I had arranged. On the way back I could not confirm my flight and I had to lose my original seating assignment flying into San Francisco. Now I'm in the SFO airport and I have been waiting since 430 for my flight but after three delays and three gate changes I am worried I will not even get home today. I haved use other airlines and never have this many screw ups. Dissatisfied and angry. Avoid booking with United at all costs."
"Verified Review | Moline to Salt Lake City via Denver. I had a very unpleasant experience with United Airlines on September 18, 2017. I was told that because I was two minutes late, my seat was reassigned. It was unclear that I had to be at the gate 30 minutes prior to my departure and if I were late my seat would be reassigned. On my confirmation email, it clearly states that my seat will be automatically assigned prior to boarding and can't be changed once they're assigned. Thus, I had to take the next flight at 5AM. When I was on my flight the next morning, I asked the flight attendant if I could move two rows back because the plane was not to capacity and it would be more comfortable for both myself and the gentleman next to me. I was told by the flight attendant that, \"They had already made a count and that the weight distribution would be off\". Having flown previously, I've moved seats before with no issue. Because of these experiences, I don't feel that United Airlines values their passengers and therefore, I will no longer book with them."
"Verified Review | United has quickly become my least favorite airline. Upon my 2 day travel to Phoenix, I arrive to the airport with my purse and my backpack. I'm unable to carry on my backpack because \"that's just the fare that I purchased.\" After asking when they implemented this new rule, the women replied, \"don't argue with me ma'am.\" I was simply asking a question. As a woman, I should be able to carry a purse and a backpack onto a plane. Now, after careful planning, on my way home I now have to check my small 8 pound backpack and will be late for work in order to wait for it at my destination. These \"new rules\" were never clearly stated when I purchased my ticket. I also purchased 2 tickets under one credit card and they put my husband and I on opposite sides of the plane. United treats their basic economy class as lower individuals and I will never travel with them again."
"Verified Review | Worst service, worst flight, ran late and landed after our second flight was departing and no one tried to assist us! Will never fly with them again. Never had such an awful flying experience and as a business person I fly often. I would highly advise any airline is better than United if you want reliable helpful crew."
"Verified Review | Boston to Shanghai via Chicago. It has been years since I flew United and I forgot how bad it is. They totally milk their ORD frequent flyers. Departure lounge is spare with no food or alcohol. The business class seat configuration is 8 seats across, barely wider than coach and less place for a bag than coach. Both flights took too more than an hour late with no explanation or apology. Flight attendants bark orders. Wi-Fi broken with no explanation or apology. Meal choice - forget it, only one left unless you're 100K in which case they will literally take the meal of another passenger for you. AC power outlet broken, so no charging for 15 hours. This is like a third world airline. For a $5,000 ticket this is shameful and a good reminder that not all seats are equal."
"Verified Review | Newark to Orlando. Friendly skies more like lies in disguise. If you want to be nickle and dimed for an average flight that gives you cramps and where the people generally do not care about you or your business then United is the flight for you. You will be charged for every step along the way and don't expect staff to be friendly or helpful. In a market where other airlines go out of their way to ensure your comfort and to provide the best value for your travel I'm shocked that United still chooses to act the way it does."
"Verified Review | Newark to Mexico City. The unfriendly skies. Flew with my 3 and 5 year old boys. They were not able to seat us together despite I asked when checking in and on the plane. The plane was not full. This is the first time an airline place my kids away from me. One kids fell sleep and the other came up to me on my middle seat. The guy next to me tried to help and moved one row forward to the emergency row so my boy could be next to me. Immediately a sour purser came and threw him back as the emergency row is a premium seat on United. I understand their policy but do think the purser could have helped. Lounge food is very low quality compared to Lufthansa or BA. We are gold and silver level on SA which seems to be only reason to fly United so you can board early and bring more luggage"
"Verified Review | I travel frequently and United consistently lacks in quality compared to American, Southwest and Frontier. The customer service here needs serious improvement, for example today I asked a flight attendant if there was any room left in overhead compartments for my carry on (even though this is still 7 minutes or so until boarding ends and all of the compartments had been closed early) very kindly and politely and the response was completely rude and dismissive to my question she told me \"that can comfortably fit under your seat, in the most condescending offensive tone\" well I am a 5'10\" woman whose knees already touch the seat in front of me and would like to be able to enjoy my flight. She acted like it was too much to ask and so I then had to be uncomfortable unnecessarily on a flight that I paid for. So instead of arguing about it, as it was not worth my time and energy I then said forget it and then just bitterly deal with it the rest of the flight. I am very disappointed with the quality of this service, it's a Friday afternoon and the last thing anyone wants is to start their weekend feeling annoyed."
"Verified Review | My daughter and I were flying business class from San Francisco to Boston on United night flight. We both had 2 bags weighing of which one was weighing 67lbs and the other ones 70lbs. Upon check in, someone who acted like the manager in charge helps us get the baggage tags from a machine and then put our bags on the scale. He told us they were overweight and that we had to pay for the extra lbs. We did not agree because we had weighed the bags before and they were good to go. An argument started and the man became very rude to us. Then we took the bags and put them on another counter scale and the weights were exactly like the ones we had measured ourselves before going to the airport. Then my daughter started taking pictures of the scales and suddenly another employee came to us and said \"don't worry it's ok you can go\"! Apparently, the company seems to use inaccurate scales to get some extra money from voyagers. This is unacceptable and I am filing a complaint with the company. My advice is that you weigh your bags before going to the airport and once there ask to double check on different scales."
"Verified Review | Newark to Hong Kong. I only fly United because they dominate the Newark airport, which happens to be the closest to my home. To be fair though, and to set aside all my prior experiences I will review the flight from a fresh slate. The aircraft, a 17 year old 777 with the old Continental interior. There was personal in seat IFE but it was slow and unresponsive. The movies that were available were recent and best sellers. I was very happy to see that the drink cart was busted out maybe 4 times during the flight and about every hour there was an FA distributing water. Flight was only about 20 minutes. Food itself was a choice between western and asian meal. To be honest, none of the meals were good. But what kills me the most about United is the horrible customer service, flight attendants are all rude and cold. No matter how decent the actual flight may be, the FA's ruin the experience."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to San Francisco. Staff were rude and unhelpful. It amazes me how you can wait for an hour to rebook a flight only to have the gate attendant look at the line and say \"we have other flights to deal with, if you were on the moved / delayed flight, take it somewhere else. We're not dealing with any more of you.\" Made it to the next gate and had to convince that attendant just to check and see if I'd make a 10pm connection. Her answer was \"no\" and she seemed to think her job was complete. Waiting on hold and in lines for hours just to be told I won't make it home. No effort whatsoever to actually rebook or solve the problem. Of course no compensation or hotel was offered after finally rebooking for the next morning after being on hold with United for almost an hour. Pay hundreds of dollars for a service, and they truly seem to have no to minimum interest in actually delivering that service to you."
"Verified Review | Austin to Boston via Chicago. I booked these flights for me and my daughter to take her to college, so we had 4 checked bags between us, a carry on and personal bag. The flights were fine, left on time, and arrived early. No surprises with our seats, or food (we brought our own). On the way home, I even got to upgrade my seats, not all the way to first class, but at least closer to the front. The staff were all pleasant, so no complaints. However, a day after our arrival at our destination, my daughter called and asked if I had some of her underwear. I said no, they must have been left at home. She said no, that she remembered packing them. However, I wanted to wait until I got home to make sure that we hadn't just left them. When I got home 2 days later and they weren't there, I called United. I was told very rudely that because I hadn't called within 24 hours of the flight, I couldn't make a claim. I told him that I wasn't interested in monetary reparation, I just wanted to make the complaint to let them know that they had a pervert baggage handler somewhere. He was still rude and said that they couldn't do anything because I didn't call within 24 hours of the flight's arrival. Really?? No shock and horror at one of their employees stealing? United blew it at the last moment. No wonder so many people refuse to fly United, including 3 of my family members who fly all the time for work. Now I will join them in this boycott."
"Verified Review | Flew Washington to Chicago. This airline does not respect customers. My Washington inbound flight was delayed on Sep, 1st and now, Sep, 4th I am sitting for 3 hours in the boarding room waiting for guess what, another United delayed flight. Remark: Both cases caused by aircraft maintenance. Ground staff answer to questions about food was the best: \"Oh, Sure, we can provide water and some snacks\"! The pictures show the snacks and the quantity, it was a great exercise to get one for my wife and another for myself. Hoping for better regulations to make this business more serious. Thanks, United."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Chicago. I booked through Travelup and thought I was on an Air Brussels flight and I discover it was United Airlines one. At check in I was impressed by all the help while taken aback to be asked the address I was staying. I unfortunately gave them an old address out of my address book which I then had to somehow correct, the staff reassured me with address labels. The staff on the plane seemed older. I started to be unimpressed when I found myself sitting in a seat that had a yellow sticker on its arm indicating that the inflight entertainment would not work from that seat. The staff alerted technical support who confirmed this so I and other passengers were given the opportunity to sit in any other spare seat. What unimpressed me was the staff could not get the inflight entertainment to work for any of us, we were given the option of buying into their wifi service (about $25) which out of principle I was not going to do, especially when the staff commented it was a bit intermittent anyway and there was no way of recharging my ipad as there is no USB port at the seat. I asked if they had any magazines, no. As compensation we were, at the end of the journey, alerted to their online 'appreciation' service. This I duly filled in, however their site did not allo me to put in my uk county for my address so i had to lie to make the page move forward and say IL for Illinois where I am staying. Promptly I had an offer of $100 offered me towards another United Airlines flight to be used within a year, which is not something I will use."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Indianapolis via Chicago. After sitting for 30 min on plane at the gate we were notified of a hydraulic leak seen by nose gear. We sat at gate on plane for almost an hour before finally being cleared. Our connecting flight was to leave Chicago at 12:15, there were about 8-10 of us just on this flight due to be on same connecting flight. We arrived and ran as fast as possible to get to the gate and got there at 12:06 and gate was already closed. Their delay in first place caused us to be late and yet they couldn't wait a few min for us to get there. Plane was still at gate, luggage still being loaded etc. so in a nutshell their plane leaving an hour late wasn't an issue but waiting 6-8 minutes for 8-10 passengers to arrive due to their issue late by 6 min wasn't good enough. United never again."
"Verified Review | Orlando to San Francisco. My trip with United was the worst experience ever. They have this new rule with no carry ons. We bought the tickets from expedia and we had no forewarning. At the check in kiosk we found out about this new rule. We checked in our carry on much to our annoyance about not receiving any previous warnings. At the gate my husband had his suit in a hanger and a backpack on him and the employees were rude and obnoxious before we even got a chance to talk. The employee immediately started baddegering us about receiving 17 alerts about no the more than one item per person rule. When we tried to explain we bought the ticket from expedia and didnt receive any warning, she went on to imply that we were lying! Another employee had to intervene and let us through (as if they were giving us a pass) This is ridiculous! Make an announcement if you are changing policies! When we entered the airplane was hot while we were being seated. No air! Till we took off for 40 minutes. This experience is the worst I have ever had and my family or I will never fly United ever again."
"Verified Review | Vancouver to Honolulu via San Francisco. Two flights each way to Hawaii, and on all 4 flights the film entertainment simply buffered beyond belief after 30 minutes and the wifi failed completely eventually. I would have been even more annoyed if I'd paid $9.99 to borrow a screen. On the last leg of the flight home, we persevered with a film and it took us 3 and a half hours to get through it! The staff were polite but knew nothing: one even told us that \"oh yes, the network doesn't work well over water\"."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Seattle. Flight was delayed for 45 minutes, making us miss our next flight. We have to wait four extra hours and don't even get to have seats together in the next flight. Unites Airlines terrible customer service strikes again! What a great start to our honeymoon."
"Verified Review | A 45 min flight from Los Angeles to San Francisco was delayed 45 mins with no explanation, no water, nothing. Seat comfort was noticeably worse than anything I've flown domestically, and felt much more cramped than the Delta SFO-LAX I fly regularly. I'm 5'10 and my knees were painfully pushed the entire way without front person reclining. Its time for the FAA to step in and force airlines to have some humane minimum seat dimensions. Hope to never fly united again."
"Verified Review | Chicago O'Hare to Newark with my 3 year old daughter, 5 year old niece, and 11 year old nephew along with my mom and sister. Was told and shown that we all had seats together. This is very important considering we are flying with young children. We receive our boarding passes and see that all of us are separated. Uhm no. The lady at the gate was incredibly rude and seemed as if we were a bother, pretty sure it's her job to help customers. She told us \"it's ok, you are all near one another anyways so it's not a big deal.\" Not a big deal? Excuse me! We board the plane, my 3 year old daughter who has never flown before has a seat between two adult males. I question one stewardess about this, she tells me, \"oh it's fine she can sit there and you are back here and you'll be able to see her.\" Well I don't know about you but I'm pretty sure I can't see through the bathrooms and around the corner! I then not so nicely told her that she must be losing her mind if she thinks I'm going to let my 3 year old daughter sit on an airplane for 2.5 hours in between two strangers and out of my eyesight. Her response, \"ma'am, you need to sit down in your assigned seats.\" and walked away. Attempting to control the anger that was bubbling up from my insides I found another stewardess who was able to help me and have people change seats so I could sit by my daughter. My sister had the same encounter with the same stewardess about her children. Absolutely ridiculous! What airline thinks it's ok to place a small child alone between two strangers on an airplane? The employees at the concourse were rude and unhelpful. We had checked in online to save some time, not sure why because when we arrived we had to check in again at the kiosk. We were then told we were all TSA pre checked and to proceed to that area. Except, we weren't. Only 2 of us were and those 2 were the 3 and 5 year old. Because that makes sense doesn't it? Let's send a 3 and 5 year old through security alone. So then after finding this out we then had to walk all the way back down to the \"regular\" security. Flight after all of this was uneventful. On our trip home we were delayed over 7 hours due to weather in Chicago. I can't hold United accountable for this as I am a smart and rational person and realize they have 0 control over the weather. We were all given $15 vouchers to get food and drink while we waited for our flight. Which was great, except the vouchers didn't work. For any of us on that flight. The computer system wouldn't recognize the voucher and would lock up. So we were not able to get those over priced $12 chicken strips. I was unimpressed with this airline. Horrible customer service. Horrible employees. Horrible experience. We will never fly United again. Ever."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Lexington. I fly on an occasional basis; usually about 6-8 times a year. The last few tripsI have used United Airlines due to finding the cheapest ticket available. It wasn't worth it. Once on the plane, things are okay. You get the usual economy service for the price; a cramped seat, and service of beverage and a small snack. Getting onto their planes is an issue. Out of the last 4 planes I've been on with United, 2 of flights had gotten cancelled, including my most recent flight from two days ago. One of those four was a 3 hour delay with bright, sunny skies. Apparently there was a mechanical issue. So one out of four flights I had actually been able to board on time as scheduled. Not a good record! For both cancelled flights (the one two days ago, and one in January 2017) they refused to assist with paying hotel fees, even when it was an \"air traffic problem\". They also provide very little notice of cancellation. I was at the gate both times about 20 minutes from boarding, late at night. So I have to scramble to find another another flight and a hotel when its very late. Their lines are long and slow to get through. Calling them is hardly better as there seems to not be an option to wait on hold. Two nights ago I called, then was promptly informed by the automated system that the lines were too busy and to try again later before being disconnected. Not even a callback option! Just \"call back later\" before it hung up. I had to pull strings with a family member who is a travel agent to assist me in getting a flight while everyone else waited for hours. I realize some of this waiting cannot be avoided, but its simply ridiculous. Overall, this airline treats its customers very poorly. It was a very bad joke when I went by a sign claiming United had the most on time flights."
"Verified Review | Flew United twice in past 2 years and both trips were at least 2,000 miles and both were non discounted fares - for 2 passengers. I paid for premium economy because I am tall, long legs and the airlines keep adding rows now and again to squeeze more cattle aboard. You see, I am discriminated against because I am tall. I cannot shorten my legs so I am forced to purchase premium seating now. Each of these 2 flights required connections, the connecting flights were cancelled so we had to spend 7 hours and 8 hours - respectively - sitting in connecting city airports. Since the flights were canceled for mechanical or flight crew issues, there was nothing to be done. I waited in line at customer service but United Customer Service told me I was in the wrong place to file a complaint! So I complained online and I was sent a measly $100 voucher - which I won't be using, since I will never fly United again. I was United premier several times and Delta Million Miler and have flown extensively for the past 35 years. I will fly other airlines or drive but I am finished with United."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Bozeman via Denver. We were treated very poorly from the beginning. From the moment we checked in on 18 August at 7am we were told our plane had mechanical issues but go ahead and check in. Every few hours we were told that it wouldn't be long. After half the day at the airport we were told to book another flight. Lines after lines at the United podium we were told that it would not be much longer, couldn't get another flight. After 10 hours of waiting at the airport we finally got notice that our original plane was about to approach. Then we found out that they had switched my ticket to another plane than my husbands. We booked out first class tickets together with seats next to each other. After more long lines we finally got them to put on the same flight but they did not put us sitting together. We were supposed to be in Bozeman, Mt at 1pm but finally after all of United's fiasco we arrived at 11pm and missing one of our bags that was checked. It arrived 4pm the next day. Everyone associated with this airline is a joke!"
"Verified Review | Our United Airlines flight home from New Mexico to Florida got cancelled due to the weather. I called in to try to change it to a new flight at a different airport or on a different day. The system told me \"press 1 to receive a call back or stay on the line to wait.\" I didn't press any buttons and I planned to wait, but their automated system said \"great, we'll give you a call back\" and the call was ended. So I waited 50 minutes and never got a call. I am trying to call again now. This time it didn't give me the option of a call back. It just said it'll be over 30 minutes and hold music began playing. I have now been on hold for an hour and 34 minutes. I'm still waiting for someone to answer this phone and have no idea how much longer it'll take. I cannot stand when companies don't have enough staff at their overseas call centers. I flew once with United in July (that was my first time ever flying with them) and my flight got cancelled then too. I've flown American, Southwest, JetBlue, and Delta and have never had a flight cancelled in my life. Flew twice with United (once in July, once in August) and both times they've been cancelled. And it's impossible to get anyone on the phone. Safe to say I will be avoiding United for the rest of my life. Two absolutely terrible experiences."
"Detroit to Chicago. This company has been the absolute worst. On my way from Boise Idaho to Detroit MI I was delayed two hours which caused a missed connection and what should've been 6 hours in the airport turned to 16 hours. Not only this I pretty much had to fight to get an earlier landing flight in Detroit so I wouldn't miss my best friends wedding (that I was standing in). Of course that put a sour taste in my mouth and as I attempt to leave today I was advised (an hour and a half before the flight was supposed to leave) the flight would be delayed for 2 hours. I am missing my connecting flight and will have to spend an entire day/night in the airport, miss work, and be completely miserable. This being the end of my trip I have absolutely no clean clothes and being a student I have no extra money for food and those sort of expenses. I will never fly this airline again. I would rather pay $400 extra through Delta or Alaska Airlines than fly through United again. They don't know how to orchestrate their staff or airplanes obviously and this extra added stress was not worth the $50 savings compared to Delta."
"Verified Review | Flew Birmingham to Los Angeles. Disappointing and lying customer service. While in the middle of a wedding ceremony, I was notified by text that our flight has been cancelled. I waited 1 hour 45 min on customer service (after pre-recording said it would be 30 min) to have our seats changed so we could sit together. We received our boarding passes minutes later only to learn the seats had not changed. Do not tell me that something has been taken care of in order to get me off the phone and make your job \"easier\". I would have respected the truth much more than this lack of integrity. It's a shame that this was my last impression of United. They re-routed me out of Houston during the hurricane and did a great job with that call. I will avoid United in the future as it is apparent that they continue digging their own grave and are often times deserving of their poor reputation."
"Verified Review | I booked a flight for my boyfriend for September 2nd from Newark to Orlando for $79. However, this morning, I received an email saying that I received a refund for the flight, which I never requested. I requested to have a different flight cancelled, but I have yet to receive confirmation of this. Upon calling United, we were told that there was nothing they could do about the flight they wrongfully cancelled, that he could not get onto the flight. No answer wasn't provided as to why I received a refund or how it was even requested. The representative could not answer any of our questions. However, the flight is still available, but for $110! We are truly baffled by and disgusted by this experience with United Airlines. Neither of us will be flying with United again."
"Verified Review | Washington to Denver. I called to try to resolve an issue with my name change and my miles and was transferred to four different people over the course of 45 minutes before it was then only partially resolved. The first person literally couldn't even understand the simple issue I was raising. On the fourth person who was a supervisor, I asked to check on my seat assignment and was told I had to be transferred to yet another person. I waited 30 minutes to talk to that person, with no option for a call back like the other airlines offer, only to be told that they could not change my seat to an aisle or a middle seat without a $160 fee. Almost half of the economy seats were economy plus, so even though they were available, they could not be assigned to ticketed passengers. I fly 15-20 times per year, mostly on American, Southwest and Delta. I have had pleasant experiences with all of these airlines. Never have I dealt with an airline with such incompetent rude staff only to have that conversation end with an explanation of a bad policy that I should have been able to get from the first - or even the 5th - person I talked to. This will be the second time flying United this year. I will never choose United again."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to San Diego. United is the worst airline. I got delayed and stuck in Oahu coming to and going back home to San Diego. Venturing to Oahu, both connecting flights were delayed and I missed my plane going to Lanai. And was stuck in Oahu. But at least I had my luggage. But was not offered a hotel or anything. However, the venture back home, they wouldn't let me onto the flight despite having a seat and confirmation number. Since I bought through expedia they were having issues giving me a paper ticket. I missed my flight and was stuck on Oahu with only my backpack and the clothes on my back. My suitcase made it home before I did. I didnt get a voucher or any accommodation. And Missed a day of work. Dont fly on united even if it is cheap. Fly Hawaiian if you travel to Hawaii. They have better customer service"
"Verified Review | Absolutely horrible. We previously reserved our seats for a family of five going on vacation; however united kicked us out of our seats that were all together in row 20 (or maybe 21 I can't remember exactly) to all in different rows in middle seats. I was bumped to the very last row. The man next to my mom was bumped up to first class so she asked if her husband could move up to sit next to her (as he was originally going to according to her reserved, confirmed ticket) and the stewardess said no because that seat costs extra money. Keep in mind he was originally supposed to have a better seat than that had United not messed everything up. We weren't alerted of our seat change until boarding the plane. Absolutely no respect for this airline. Will never fly them again. Also no free wifi or TV."
"Verified Review | Me and 2 friends were flying to Yellowstone for a vacation. First of all, there shouldn't be a 35 minute layover in the Houston airport as an option. My bag had to be courtesy checked in Charleston, so when I landed in Houston, I had to wait 10 minutes for my bag. We ended up having 10 minutes until the gate closed for our next flight. We ran (I kid you not) 0.7 miles across the airport from gate B to E. When we got to the gate (we made it 2 minutes after the gate closed), they said they could only let 1 of us on. When I asked why, the lady hesitated and said they couldn't let anyone in the gate after it closed. But she let one of us on, so that made no sense. Found out they gave our other 2 seats away. Wouldn't they know we had a connecting flight that was tight on a layover time? Well, we went to customer service and she says \"You had 8 minutes to get to your gate. Did you get lost?\" Are you kidding me? She wouldn't comp us a hotel or anything. Said they weren't liable. She couldn't get us on any flights until the following day at 11pm. Well, she ended up getting us to Denver (our other connection) on separate flights and we rented a car for a day and drove 9 hours to Yellowstone. On our flight back, we had the same flight pattern. Our first flight from Cody was delayed 4 hours due to mechanical errors, causing us to miss the rest of our flights for the day. However, they did get us a hotel in Denver and some meal comp tickets, which I was very grateful for. But why couldn't they do this on the way there? The next morning, our flight from Houston to Charleston was delayed an hour. I have never in my life experienced so many flight issues as I did for this trip. Our travel experience was awful, and if United would at least compensate for some of that ridiculous amount of extra money we spent, I would be way happier right now. Will never fly United Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Knoxville via Houston. No wonder United is getting such a bad reputation. I booked my flight months ago so I could be in Knoxville during the eclipse. My flight leaving Seattle was delayed causing me to miss my connection in Houston. I was originally supposed to arrive in Knoxville at 10:34 am. Now I'm not going to get there until closer to 5:00pm causing me to miss the eclipse. I was told United couldn't book me on another flight because I had a economy ticket. I paid over $500 for my ticket. I will never fly United again. Not one apology!"
"Verified Review | It was my first time to fly with United from Tokyo to Washington DC and after the bad press they've been receiving, I was a little nervous. Overall, it was a poor to average experience. On the ground (US side) their staff can definitely be better trained. I'm a vegetarian so I requested a special meal - probably the worst airplane food I've ever had. Don't bother requesting the vegetarian meal and just risk the regular food service where they usually have a meatless pasta/noodle option. The seats in premium economy have a good amount of legroom and the entertainment on board isn't bad either. I think my biggest issue with the experience overall was the disinterest of the flight attendants. After being repeatedly hit by the cart going by and the patronizing tone the FAs used when giving me the veggie meal, it makes you wonder how they continue to use their 'friendly skies' pitch. One of the flight attendants was really helpful though he was helping from the first class cabin."
"Verified Review | Absolutely the worst travel experience I have ever had both ways with United. 14 people were not able to board the plane, it sat there for at least a half hour while we all tried to convince the staff to let us on, but our connecting flight was delayed so they could load three people long after the departure time. Our return flight the flight attendants were very rude and skipped over multiple people when handing out snacks and drinks, our final connecting flight home was delayed 45 minutes because they were waiting for a flight attendant to arrive. How is any of this good business practices. The absolute worst!"
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Dallas Ft Worth. Took my kids for their first plane trip. Wanted them to have a good view, seating chart (Embraer 175) showed our selected seats in front of wing (row 11). Got on plane and guess what, over the wing! Needless to say they strained their necks the whole flight trying to see things out the window. The seats are very uncomfortable, hard as plastic, comparable to a city bus. I've flow other airlines, and never expected the level of discomfort I found in this plane. Will not fly United again."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Syracuse via Newark. I purchased my ticket a month before my departure date. I got to the airport and everything was fine. I paid for my carry on bags and got on the plane. We ended up having to land the plane in Atlanta because of weather. The staff told us we should only have a few hours layover and be back up in the air. A few hours passed by and we were told to board the plane. We all got on and sat for 30 minutes then we're told to get back off because there was no pilot. That itself annoyed me because it's a waste of time. We were told we had to stay in Atlanta. They gave me my carry on bag because everything I needed was in it and since I was going to be stuck in the airport over night I wanted to brush my teeth and use deodorant and have my phone charger to charge my phone. After the staff gave me my carry on bags. I was told I'd have to pay the baggage fee again. This delay and overnight stay in the airport is not my problem and I didn't feel like I should have to pay for my bag again. Ridiculous. I told the staff is there anyway they could accommodate for unexpected food and bag fee to wave it and maybe give me a voucher for food. I was told by all the staff that because I was a solo traveler, that they would not make any exceptions for me and told me they have more important things to deal with. I explained to them that my bank had locked my card because I tried to use it in the airport so I had no money and it was to late to contact my bank. The only cash I had on me had to go towards this carry on bag fee. The staff told me they could not help me and I needed to go find a spot to relax until the next plane had a seat for me. I am extremely upset with the carry on bag fees, the staff were very rude not only to me but everyone. I am upset that we had to sleep in the airport over night with no food or drinks offered to us. No blankets and they charged me another carry on bag fee because I needed my bag due to being stuck in the airport. I will never fly with United Airlines again. Extremely rude staff have no sympathy for people at all."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Burbank via San Francisco booked for November 2017. The customer service I have received through this company has been nothing but terrible. While on the phone with them they were very rude and couldn't give me any alternate options or help. They only told me to contact costumer service via email. They didn't provide me with an email address and I couldn't find one on the site so I had to use an outside source to find the email. When I contacted via email it took them two weeks to write back to me and another week to reply to my response just to tell me that they couldn't help me at all. This is highly inappropriate. If you wish to run a business then make sure your agents are trained to solve all problems and trained to actually respond to costumers in a timely manner. I also want to add that the website never works and is beyond difficult to navigate. I am beyond upset with the service I was given and I plan to never fly United again."
"Verified Review | We had a flight from Washington to LAX, aircraft had problems, they asked us to deboard. Little by little a 20 minutes delay turned in to a 5 hours. End of 5 hours they send passengers scrambling. Today again, on my flight from New York La Guardia to Washington, aircraft was disabled. A 15 minutes delay turned to hours of delay while waiting for parts to fix the flight. Sending passengers scrambling again. United staff were so un accommodating and mean, made me feel like it was my fault the flight got issues. Horrible experience. Will not fly United again!"
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Santa Rosa. The flight got delayed due to awaiting aircraft. Fine. After hours of waiting, we finally get onto the flight, sat for another hour on the plane and were told the flight got cancelled. Got back to the airport customer service and it is 9:00 PM (another hour wasted in the waiting line for so called \"compensation\") and asking for the next flight to get to Santa Rosa, got the boarding pass then got told you have to get your own hotel room. Now I am still in San Francisco, paying out of my own pocket for a hotel room simply because and I quote \"United policy says if (the delay or cancellation) it is due to weather, there is nothing we can do\" Even though, there is no rain no fog or whatever in San Francisco area at all, and Santa Rosa is right next to it! Come on UA you can do way better than this! When you cancel the flight you should think about consequences instead of throwing your customer out of the flight like trash."
"Verified Review | United is terrible. Boycott them for their plane delays, terrible front desk service, and general disdain for passengers. Sat and sitting in the SFO Terminal 3 waiting for 4 hours while they constantly switched our gates around and changed the departing times probably 12-15 times. Absolutely horrendous. They need a huge change up. Will gladly pay more to fly other airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | Having not chosen to fry the friendly skies with the unfriendly United Airlines I now remember why. Had booked a flight to South Bend Indiana from Toronto via Chicago. Received a text indicating my outbound flight from Toronto was being delayed. The text did not mention I would miss my connection. Luckily I figured this out myself. Not that difficult. Called to re-book and the utterly useless staff members only suggestion was to spend the night in Chicago or leave the next day. I was able to find an alternate route. Toronto/Cleveland/Chicago/South Bend. There was availability on an Air Canada outbound to Chicago but she would not consider this. As time was becoming of the essence and I did not want to miss the possible flight, no time to argue. As it turned out the text message I received was wrong and I would have been able to make my connection. How do I know this? When my Cleveland to Chicago route was delayed I had plenty of time to check Fligthtracker. When I showed this to the agent in Cleveland he said the United Text system is often wrong and in future I should call. Really? Well the good news is I made all my connections. The bad news no bag. The very helpful agent in South Bend advised he had located my bag in Chicago and it would out in the first flight in the morning. He may have been very helpful but not truthful. Woke up this morning. The text message from United said still looking for the bag as did the website. Called the lost baggage number provided, their lost baggage centre is located in India so there were obvious communication difficulties. Not her fault but took about 20 minutes for her to tell me that though the bag was last scanned in Chicago there was no information as to where the bag was."
"Verified Review | I purchased a ticket from the United Airlines counter at George Bush Intercontinental Airport on Friday afternoon, August 11 2017. I purchased this ticket from a United Airlines ticketing agent. I was assigned seat 21C on flight 1789 leaving at 7.25pm. I was at the gate 2 hours before the flight departed. We boarded the flight, sat in my assigned seat 21C and settled in for the flight home. Suddenly a gate agent boarded the flight and asked me to gather my belongings and exit the flight, this happened without any explanation, I was embarrassed in front of many passengers and told to deplane the aircraft. I was brought to customer services were they finally provided some poor answer that their agent mistakenly did not finish the ticket purchase and that I would not be allowed on their flight. Very rudely their customer service personal basically said we will do you a favor and not charge the $50 rebooking fee, here is a ticket for tomorrow. I requested my bag and they told me it had left with the airplane that I didn't have a ticket for. The most pathetic excuse of an airline I have ever experienced."
"Verified Review | Overall, United Airlines economy service is ok from Los Angeles to Melbourne, seats comfortable enough, food ok, entertainment good but the staff are horrendous. They are loud, bossy, burnt out and just plain rude. They seem only to be able to manage the absolute minimum of words necessary to convey the intended message, for example, \"Eggs or French toast?\" Yelled at you in military style, then when somebody dared to ask a question, the staff member replied \"Just Choose,\" then continued with, \"that wasn't so hard now, was it?\" Clearly they have forgotten that it is their chosen profession to provide a service and that the general expectation from that service is that it requires a certain amount professionalism, diplomacy, helpfulness and even some basic pleasantries wouldn't go astray. It's really not very nice having your food practically thrown at you. The passenger on the window seat of my row had her sandwich tossed in such a manner that it fell on the floor and she had to scramble around under her seat in the dark to retrieve it, disgusting! I would suggest retraining or maybe a pay rise for inspiration!"
"Verified Review | United has to be the worst airline I have ever flown on. Flew Santa Ana to Newark. It was more than an hour late going to my destination. Coming home, first it was delayed, then delayed again, then the flight was canceled. A true nightmare. I had paid extra money so that my minor son could sit with me. Because they had to put us on another flight, there were no seats together. Would they refund the extra $50.00 that I paid. No way. The service was terrible. I highly recommend choosing another airline."
"Verified Review | Detroit to Reno via Denver. United Airlines was the most unorganized airline I have ever flown on. They didn't provide good customer service on or off the ground. We arrived well over 3 hours for a domestic flight and no one kept us informed if we would make the flight or not due to the computer problems they were having and could not print tickets. This is understandable but to pick people who were yelling and causing the most commotion as opposed to calming veryone down letting all passengers know that the flight crew is aware of the problem and no one would be missing their flight. When i would try and ask questions i was dismissed without answers and they were rude. Leaving the trip had a horrible experience with them as well. Again we allowed ourselves plenty of time especially after our first encounter with them. We again waited in line for hours when we finally approached the desk They only let 2 of us check our bags. The other 2 family members they refused to allow them on and had them fly out later that night. I have never encountered such an uncompassionate and unorginized company. I will never fly them again even if the flight is free."
"Verified Review | 3 out of 4 of our United flights from Dallas to Salt Lake City via Houston return were delayed and one ultimately cancelled due to 'operational/staffing' issues. We were told for two of the flights that the Captian 'didn't show up'. We were rerouted, delayed and put on stand by. We ended up with an extra 10 hours of time spent waiting. In the end, we rented a car and drove 7 hours from the airport just to get home so we could make it to work."
"Verified Review | Newark to Berlin. I was excited to be on one of the first Polaris flights but turned out to be a total disappointment. First of all, United serves Champagne in plastic glasses - Plastic? The food was not great and the cabin layout neither. All in all not a good business class. The wines though were good."
"Verified Review | Flew Chicago to Bay City. This is worse than terrible. United does not offer First on these flights. You are squeezed into small planes. The bored stewardess walkes down the plane once to check that the belts are on. I sat next to the lavatory. It was smelling. The door did not shut well either. I found this experience really horrible."
"Verified Review | Houston to Amsterdam. We spent 8 hours at the airport while they tried to get the plane going - it was clear while we onboard the engines didn't turn over properly and no air conditioning was working . Finally they said we would get another plane and we had a new gate. Around 10pm they suddenly cancelled this flight. We were on the next day departure and they took our plane to give to another route and then we had to wait now for another 3 hours while this farce continues. United - this is disgusting. Enough is enough and I will never fly United again."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Newark. I am a mileage plus member and I paid my ticket through my card in order to avoid the check in fee. When I approached the customer service at airport, they made me pay for the bag as their system has incorrect expiration date of my mileage plus card. Very disappointing. After I reached my destination, it seems my bags never left Atlanta and they said I would get my bags by next day afternoon. After 24 hours they has still not located where my bag was. We were in the same clothes for two days. And since this was a holiday for a short time we ended up spending most of our time indoor rather than touring NYC worrying about our bag since we had everything in the checkin bag. I have had another very dissatisfied experience with united. Strongly recommend against flying united."
"Verified Review | Denver to Tampa. The passengers were boarded two times - one on a defective plane, second with pilots who expired their flight time. The flight was supposed to take off at 5:45 and it is 9:39 and now we are again at the gate waiting for a fresh crew. The flight attendants did not bother to provide us with water even if we stayed in the plane for over an hour. I had to ask for water. I had an injury at a leg and a flight attendant made fun of me instead of providing assistance. The overall attitude of United personnel is careless and useless."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Québec via Chicago. Flight cancelled. We have to extend our trip for 2 more nights - One in san diego and one in Chicago. No hotel or food compensation. They give us hotel rebate, not able to have room for four. Have to sleep on the floor at the Hilton Rosemont Chicago. Worst company, no customer services Dont ever flight with"
"Verified Review | Frankfurt to San Francisco on August 2, 2017. My flight was scheduled to depart from Frankfurt at 13:55 and we boarded the plane. After 2.5 hours on the plane with a faulty filling of fuel above tank level, the plane system shut down, upon restarting the engines a small fire started and they called the fire trucks to put it off. No maintenance was able to get the flight at such short notice while risking the lives of 550 passengers. We were shuttled back to the airport to spend the night at hotels. This is when the mess started - The instructions from service counter was not through a microphone; messages were mixed up and confusion about who is to go out and who is to stay in and what followed this chaos was really bad. We were told that we will be met by hotel representatives and will get meal coupons. I followed the United Airlines rep. And at passport control I was asked to go back to C terminal (after walking and riding trains to get to it, i found out it was Z and not C that I had to go back to). Some needed a visa to go out to the outside hotels and some didn't. After Finding my way back to Z terminal where United Airlines were supposed to be; nobody was there. Asked Lufthansa service desk and they said we have nothing to do with it. I waited for 7 hours to board this flight then ran around in circles for 3 kilometers and security checks and trains without food and water all day I lost it. I asked Lufthansa to help and find out where do I go for the night. They eventually told me to go to Z22. The United Airlines rep gave me directions to the hotel inside the airport and gave me meal coupons. Stating that the flight is tomorrow at 10am. I checked out of the hotel by 6:30am and waited for further instructions of Service counters which opens by 8am. There was no flight at 10am. They booked some passengers on the 13:55 flight and told us that our flight is now at 17:00. The UA flight 2720 left at 18:00 from Frankfurt. By the way, the UA planes are not equipped with screens and you are required at short notice to download their application to your smartphone and watch movies! Do you expect international travelers to be connected with internet to download applications on the plane to get to the entertainment of your flights? My iPhone was not able to connect and open any movie, barely a slow connection stopping every minute when you access a trailer version of the movie. A huge disappointment that I will never repeat."
"Verified Review | Washington to Hartford via Newark. Absolutely awful expirwnce. Flew back from DC at 6 am. Was required to get my carry on bag checked, and pay the money. Then the staff in the plane was very rude. Arrived at my stop in New Jersey. Confusing airport, but made it to my gate. They said the flight was on time, but we were not going to board yet. I went up and asked the guy st the desk if he knew the boarding time. He literally said \"sit down, I'll make the announcement when I do\". Got on the plane after a uninformed hour delay. Didn't take off for another hour, of just sitting on the plane. Rude staff on their cell phones. Finally get off and it takes me a hour to get my checked bag. Left feeling so stressed and a travel home at usual takes me a hour, took me 5 hours. Would not recommend, and will not fly again."
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Los Angeles. Another departure, yet again starting with a delay. I intend to post to this site every time I fly United. The comments will not only be made when I have a negative experience, which I hope is the case, but here we are again with a 90 minute flight home. More time spent dealing with the delay than it takes to complete the flight. Supposed to depart at 11.17am, yet here we are on the runway at 11.52pm."
"Verified Review | We were late an hour leaving out of Cleveland en route to Melbourne via Los Angeles on United Airlines. They scheduled the international leg to depart less than 45 minutes from the flight arriving from CLE. Upon taxiing into LAX they advise us our gate is unavailable due to another plane being there for maintenance; something they could have and should have known when we were in the air. We sat for 23 precious minutes on the tarmac and when we were released from the plane ran to our international gate where we could see our plane only to have the door slammed in our faces followed by an insincere \"I'm sorry\" from the gate crew. Then we had to wait in the customer service line at 10:30 pm for almost two hours to be given paperwork for another flight the next evening that amounted to nothing. The airline wouldn't pay for our hotel of which at midnight cost us $293 for the night. When discussing with United's customer service agent he continually blamed it on weather which was never even an issue. They lie, do not care at all about anyone's feelings, are unapologetic, and rude. We will never fly them again. United is a disgrace."
"Verified Review | Flew Ontario to Columbus via Denver. I only fly a few times a year, when I do, I confirm First class. I have a wide rump, so I pay for the extra room. This trip, United Airlines chose to change the aircraft, resulting in me getting bumped from First to Economy, even though I paid for First. They would only provide $250 for the forced move to Economy, which is less than I paid for the difference between the two classes. I can only assume that the original aircraft was not oversold... they downgraded the size plane, so they wouldn't have any unsold seats. United Airlines will forever be at the bottom. No more chances."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to San Francisco. Not sure how this airline still exists in modern days. The least you can offer is proper entertainment on an 11 hour flight. The only entertainment is connecting your own device (mobile, tablet or laptop) to their wifi. Now, imagine this: 300+ passengers trying to connect to the same wifi at once. I had to wait until they served the meals and everyone was busy eating to be able to connect. I have to say, later during the flight it was better, but i guess because most people were bored from trying and just went to sleep. I am not a tall person, and I never notice leg room, but not on this flight. It is noticeably crammed. Seats are old and torn in places. I unfolded the tray and seat in front was torn. They provide electrical sockets under the seat. However, due to short leg room, it is very hard to plug anything in, and to even keep it without knocking it out. Food is a disaster. Lame and old, and not properly packaged. It was just wrapped in a plastic sheet, not sealed. The quantity is small. I was never hungry at the end of a flight like this one."
"Verified Review | Will never fly with United again. Flew Chicago to Indianapolis. Was told at the terminal that there would be a slight delay due to cleaning and maintenance of the plane. Once this was \"completed\" all passengers boarded the plane. Then to find out there was still an issue. The service crew was called by the captain and they either ignored or blew off the call several times. We have been sitting on the plane for almost 3 hours, and are still waiting. This is utterly ridiculous. It is causing people to miss connecting flights and delaying others arrival home."
"Verified Review | Fly United about three to four times a month for the last two years and I cannot recall the last time my departing flight left on time. Maintenance, computer problems, crew issues, inbound aircraft issues, or flight queue problems seem to always lead to a delay."
"Verified Review | We flew United Airlines from Seattle, WA to Newark, NJ on July 1, and from there we were to have a connecting flight to Norfolk, VA. Originally our route was supposed to be Seattle - Chicago - Norfolk, but a day or two before our flight United changed the route to go through Newark instead. We arrived in Newark with no mishaps and when we went to a United counter to see what gate our connecting flight was leaving from, we were told that flight had been cancelled, but no reason was given. Instead, we were directed to a customer service counter with a very long line and only two agents assisting customers. Come to find out, United cancelled several flights from Newark that day. After standing in line for almost two hours (while also trying to talk to a person on the United hotline number while in line and receiving no help), it was finally my turn to speak to a desk agent. The agent was no help at all, and told me the flight had been cancelled due to weather, and since it was a weather issue, he told me United was not responsible to help with lodging, rental cars, etc. The soonest we could be booked on another flight was the following Monday, July 3. His solution was my family of four was welcome to remain in the airport throughout the weekend. That being an unacceptable option we, and apparently every other United customer affected by cancellations, went to rent a car and finally found a car available to drive to Norfolk. After cancelling our flight, the best they can offer is for us to stay in the airport for two nights and three days? No offer to reimburse, no offer to help with the rental, not offer to reimburse baggage fees. Not even some empathy form the agent. Not flying United again. And after relaying my experience to family and friends, neither are any of them."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Hong Kong. I am positive this was my last flight with United. Flight attendants had \"I hate my job attitude\". One gave a sarcastic remark when I asked if she still had the same drink available. They served 2 small meals that were over 10 hours apart with a snack in between. The snack was a small sandwich that was smaller than your palm and a mini bag of M&Ms so you feel hungry for most of the flight. Whole atmosphere was unpleasant - dirty bathrooms, uncomfortable seats, unhappy crews. I was hesitant to choose United but gave it a try because of cheap fare and my prediction was accurate. The entertainment screen was small and not in good working order."
"Verified Review | Pittsburgh to Orlando via Washington. Traveling with a legit (60lbs) service dog and notified the airline 45 days in advance. Told me they was seating me where the service dog would have ample room not to effect other passengers. On day of flight we load the plane and in the smallest area on plane squeezed in with another passenger. Guess that's what I guess for being conciderate and letting them know well in advance. Staff seemed like they could care less. Last flight with this airline."
"Verified Review | Upon approaching the customer service representative in order to upgrade my ticket to Business for my flight from Zurich to Washington, the rep was rude, abrupt, curt, and completely inattentive. I am a nurse and was landing in IAD directly going to work for my night shift. All I wanted to do was rest. I had explained that to the rep who didn't seem to really care at all. At that moment of contact with that Rep I chose to not upgrade as I felt that United does not invest the money that I would have spent to train its employees but rather allow them to get away with treating the passengers in an ugly manner. The rest of the reps at that station were no better. Every single one of the customers at the desk (total of 8), walked away grouchy and angry and I cannot blame them. I am severely disappointed especially given the ugly reviews of United as of late, thinking that more effort has been put into better customer service. This may be the very last time I fly United unfortunately as I would much prefer to support an American airline but not at this cost."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Shanghai. I was enroute to my wedding and their first craft was gate swapped with another. We had to deplane and move to a different gate and after getting on the new plane it just stopped there for hours. By the time we left it was 4 hours late. I asked if they could call the gate to hold my connecting flight since I can make it. All I need was 15 minutes. None of them cared. None of the flight attendent was willing to help. They are also a bunch of racist scums that sarcastically told me that I better run to my connecting flight across the airport. So if you wanna be treated like this then fly with UA. For me I'd rather fly with another, even if I have to pay more."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Chicago, Customer service is the worst. They're so rude. Had a small carry on from BNA - LAX, fine. From LAX - SEA, fine. On the way back from SEA to LAX, apparently it was too big and a $65 charge. I could have and previously did put my bag perfectly under my seat along with my purse. Crew members are rude while getting on and off and when boarding. Hate this airline, will never fly it again."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Portland via San Francisco. United Airlines has the absolute worst customer service. They are unhelpful and act as if they are doing all they can do just to take your money. Their rules for flights are ridiculous and cheap. Never again will I book a flight with united. They made a vacation into a stress filled week."
"Verified Review | Newark to San Francisco. Worst flight service ever! They are extremely unprepared. We got into the flight and the flight started moving at 6am which was the original departure time. After 5 min they realize that there were aircraft issues. They had no idea how long the issue was going to take to resolve. The staff were very rude and not at all helpful. The flight finally started left 3 hrs later! Never again United."
"Verified Review | Never again with United. Unreliable, unpredictable, unapologetic, and uncaring. I was originally supposed to depart from Rochester at 10:15am, stopover in Chicago, and then connect to Madison, but my flight from Rochester was delayed for an and hour and a half due to mechanical issues, causing me to miss my fight at ORD, which they resassigned me to a 3:50pm flight which is now delayed for an hour and a half. I was supposed to arrive in Madison by 1:30pm and now I won't get in until after 6pm. The entire point of my trip was to surprise my older sister at a dinner before she leaves for Indonesia for two years, and I now I won't even make it."
"Verified Review | Houston to Miami. You would think after everything going on with United lately, they'd get their act together but they still suck just as much. I had a flight this morning which was cancelled due to \"weather\" even though there are flights before and after that one that are still on. I was told it was probably due to weather elsewhere and so they couldn't get their crew or airplane here. They send me a message at 2am and my flight was at 10. I call and the wait is over 45 minutes. I only had the option to reschedule for 7 am and I was about an hour from the airport. I saw this message when I woke up and rushed to the airport. I actually had plenty of time to make the flight but I was told to make a line for about 45 minutes, even though I told the United Airlines employee that helped me that my flight was cancelled and I was on another one which departed in about an hour. After making that line I was redirected to a second one that took no less than 20 minutes. So, by the time I actually got to speak to someone, that flight was no longer an option. I asked her if she could send me on another airline (I know they can do that when they screw up) and she said no because it was due to weather. As if it was due to weather where I was at or as if them being so slow and having such long lines was also a weather issue. I am now on standby for a flight at 2pm which she told me I probably won't be able to get on because it's fully booked and there's nothing else available until tomorrow. Nice one United!"
"Verified Review | I traveled with United from Nashville to Boston via Chicago on Monday July 17, 2017 and back on July 21, 2017. They delayed both ways due to aircraft issues. On the 17th they caused me to miss my connecting flight on Boston keeping us on tarmac two hours due to air speed indicator malfunctioning. This is the worst airline I have ever dealt with. Don't fly with them!"
"Verified Review | Seattle to Boston via Chicago. Will give United Airlines a -1 star rating. The trip was awful, they made us wait 8 hours due to aircraft maintenance. Won't choose or recomend United ever and to anyone. Please stay away from United."
"Verified Review | I was traveling from Boston to Chicago with United and they refused to allow me a carry-on bag. When I flew with Delta to Boston, they sent me and email to confirm the night before and everything was efficient. Here, there was no email and they forced me to pay $25 for a small carry on bag. The airline staff were extremely rude. Should have looked at their past lack of customer service."
"Verified Review | Flew Orlando to Calgary via Denver. I've been to more than 25 countries, flying with many different airlines over the world and United Airlines is for sure the worst one I have ever been with. In 5 days a flight was cancelled, our bags got lost, other flight was late, making me lose a connection flight and making me stay one night in the connection city. They didn't even want to give us a hotel voucher because it \"was not their fault\". Most of the company workers treat customers horribly with bad manners and being rude, with some rare exceptions. The workers are never there to help you. When you ask for their help for ticketing or luggage issues they simply say: \"There is nothing we can do\". United Airlines managed to mess up me and my family's vacation in a few days. So my recommendation: Never fly with this horrible airline. Oh, and a small detail: mine and my whole family's tickets were for Business Class, and you still receive that poor kind of treatment. And when they change our flights, they put us on economy class. Such a joke."
"Verified Review | Newark to Providence. United Airlines is the worst airline in America. Two years ago I flew them and they delayed and cancelled my flight, after 7 hours of promising we'd get off the ground. United Airlines string you along in the hopes that no one asks for a refund. No regard for their customers, they should just be honest so that people can make arrangements early. Flew them again (no other flights ) last week, and low and behold, the same thing happened again. Fool me once I guess. On top of that, their staff was incredibly rude and dismissive. Terrible airline, avoid at all costs."
"Verified Review | Cleveland to Washington. This was the absolute worst trip of my life. This airline doesn't allow you to take a carry on larger than a backpack, so I had to check my small suitcase that any other airline would consider a carry on. My flight that was supposed to leave at 1:00pm was delayed 11 times and cancelled once. When I was finally able to fly out it was 10 pm. When I arrived in Washington I was told that they had left my luggage back in Cleveland and it would not arrive until 11 am the next morning. This was a problem because I had a meeting at 10 am the next morning. United said they would update me about my luggage, but they never did. I called at 11, when my luggage was supposed to arrive and they told me they would deliver it to my hotel in 6-7 hours. Needless to say I drove back to the airport to pick the luggage up myself. The entire trip I encountered rude and incompetent staff who seemed unwilling to perform the job they had been hired to do. I will never fly United again."
"Verified Review | United Airlines is consistently 2 to 4 hours late. Every gate that I passed today was delayed for no apparent reason other than what seems to be business as usual. Then they have the nerve of creating this Basic Economy class that limits you from taking on a normal carry on so they can charge you an extra $25 each way to check what would normally be a regular carry on. Today, before my flight from Asheville to Newark I passed numerous empty seats and overhead bins and sat on my 3.5 hour delayed flight. I will avoid United at all costs."
"Verified Review | Charlotte to Toronto via Washington. The worst customer service I have ever experienced, no regards to the customers time and concerns, not punctual, unfriendly staff. Disgusted with their services, and I will never book flights with them. They don't provide any kind of compensation for flight cancellations, not even a room. We had to spend the night in the airport."
"Verified Review | Kansas City to Hartford via Chicago. My flight (#1936) from Chicago to Hartford was supposed to depart at 9:17 on July 17th, 2017, and arrive in Hartford at 12:30 am on the 18th. Before arriving at O'Hare, many passengers had received multiple texts/emails stating the flight was to be delayed with significant fluctuations in the delay time with each message. After everyone had waited at the gate for 2+ hours, we were told that the flight was to be cancelled because there was simply \"no crew.\" The manager thought it was a proper compensation to just give $10 meal vouchers to the passengers and then told us to all get in a line for customer service. Almost all the passengers, including myself, waited in line for over an hour, being told that perhaps we could get a hotel room courtesy of United until the next flight out that wasn't already overbooked, which made many for around 9:20 PM almost 24 hours later than the original flight. As we were standing in line, an employee gave us papers telling us to call a customer service number that might be able to help us out, which had the majority of us on hold for 15+ minutes. When I was finally able to speak to a representative, the conversation was unhelpful as there was seemingly nothing that could be done. As the end of the line reached the desk, we were told that the hotels that United could offer rooms in were booked up and that they couldn't offer us that either. I managed to get on a flight out at 6 AM on the 17th as part of a standby with a few other passengers- out of the fully booked flight that needed to be in Hartford 6 hours prior. Overall the experience was disgustingly unprofessional on behalf of United Airlines, and I wouldn't fly with them again, even if I was paid to."
"Verified Review | Atlanta to Sacramento via Chicago. My wife and three children are flying United today cross country today. Three kids, two boys 12 and 9, and my 6 year old daughter. United refuses to sit them all together, making my 6 year old daughter sit by herself with strangers unless my wife can convince people to move. Will never waste another $ on them. Unfortunately they've clearly already done that math and don't care. I'll give them a 1 out of 10 for being on time."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Albany. This airline has no regard for customer service and are rude to their customers. I'm waiting an extra 7 hours for my flight with no compensation because they don't care. This seems to be happening time and time again with this airline. Can't say I will fly with them again. Very disappointed with the customer service. The flight attendant on my connecting flight looked like he had just rolled out of bed and didn't even come around to offer drinks or collect trash. Customer service was disrespectful and did not help at all."
"Verified Review | Flew Baltimore to San Diego via Los Angeles. Worst experience I've had. I will never fly with United Airlines again. Every flight was delayed by hours. 10 hours in total. Staff are unfriendly and rude. Still waiting on a refund. Totally and completely unprofessional. By the time we made it to our destination, we had missed lunch and dinner and I had a headache. I have no words to explain how terrible this was, but they'll never see me again."
"Verified Review | I have been traveling for quite some time and United Express is the pits. The constant delays are depressing. The flight from Houston to Cincinnati was suppose to leave at 820 pm then 915 pm now 930 pm. There awaiting an aircraft. Coming to Houston from Cincinnati on 7/19/17 was the same thing. My flight got delayed three times while awaiting an aircraft. I am so annoyed and will never fly this airline again. I will definitely stick to another airline in the future."
"Verified Review | First and foremost this was my worst flying experience ever! We started are day by being at the airport at 7.30am. in Harrisburg, PA. We boarded plane (American Eagle) and were pulled out on tarmac and we had to stop due to no flights in or out of Philly. Weather cleared, we pulled out and the crew had to abandon flight due to mechanical issues. That brought us to our only option of flying United Airlines to IAD at 2.25 in the afternoon to get to a larger airport with more options. We had to wait for an incoming flight from IAD which was delayed due to a foul smell but we finally left after 4.00. Before leaving Harrisburg we had to change our connecting flight to MSP thinking there is no way we will make it. As it turned out we did make the flight, just barely. The plane was loaded and the door shut and we were ready to pull out. The entire flight had to get off and re check in because of a computer error. We were reloaded and then we sat on the tarmac for over 2 hours, flight crew not helpful, we were finally told we had to go back to gate for more gas which was a lie. In reality the flight crew timed out. No other crew available. The United help desk was so not helpful and horribly slow to re-book passengers. After nearly half an hour to 45 minutes we were able to finally get re-booked on flight to Chicago and then we would have to stay overnight and fly to MSP in the morning. At this point it was after 9 at night. We flew to Chicago (O'Hare) and luckily the flight scheduled for MSP was delayed two hours so we were able to make it home at 2.30 in the morning. I have to say the only good thing about the whole day was the flight crew on that last flight. Thanks to them my 13 year old son was able to make it to his soccer tournament."
"Verified Review | Fort Wayne to Anchorage via Chicago. Worst experience I have had. Maintenance issue on the plane out of Fort Wayne to Chicago, they delayed it twice. The first time they delayed it, we were going to miss our connecting flight so we had to change our flight from Chicago to Anchorage. After getting off the phone the first time, I check my new itnerary and it didn't have my husband and I sitting together after I had told the lady we had a lap child. I called back to explain this again and she said for us to sit together I would have to pay to be upgraded. Meanwhile the flight out of FWA was delayed even further due to a part not coming in, and so I had to find an alternate route. She couldn't find me anything out of FWA that day, so we ended up having to drive to Chicago. Only then, when I told her we were driving did she upgrade our seats for us to sit together. On the way back, we cancelled the flight back from Chicago or Fort Wayne as our car was parked in Chicago. The desk in Anchorage said our last leg to FWA was never cancelled so our luggage was going to be sent there, I asked her to cancel our last leg and the lady at the desk told me I had to call to cancel it myself, and that they couldn't print off a baggage tag to have our luggage end up in Chicago. After being on the phone for 20 mins and the lady on the phone not understanding anything (as they never did every time I called, which was 5+ times) they were calling all United flights to Chicago to check in. So I finally gave up and had our luggage sent to Fort Wayne. I wouldn't recommend flying on this airline if you have a conncecting flight. I wouldn't recommned flying this airline if you have children. The fact that their plane was screwed up due to maintenance and the unhelpfulness of the staff to try and help us get to our destination was absolutely ridiculous. When she couldn't get us out of Fort Wayne on June 28th, the lady on the phone said she could reschedule us for July 30th! I had also gotten up to change my son's diaper in the lavatory. There was a drink cart blocking the lavatory in the front due to the pilots using the bathroom / getting coffee at the front lavatory and the pilot told me I had to use the back lavatory. So I walked back and the flight attendants were about 5 rows from the back with the drink cart, then the flight attendants said I had to wait until the pilots were done to use the front one. I asked if they could push the drink cart back for me to get through and I would wait to go to my seat until they were finished. She said I needed to wait to use the front one, I just couldn't wait up by cockpit. So I held my son for about 10 mins in the aisle before the pilots were done getting coffee to change my son's dirty diaper in the front lavatory."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Frankfurt. Flight attendants were chatting loudly with each other during safety announcements. Flight attendants were obnoxiously loud throughout majority of red eye flight as passengers were trying to sleep. Our row was 2 or 3 away from the galley way yet the flight attendants were still very loud. They were unwelcoming and borderline rude during meal times. The light in the galley way was very bright and made it difficult to sleep (not sure if it was allowed to be turned off). Pilot/flying was great, but flight attendants made the experience overall unenjoyable."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Orlando. My flight was cancelled and they put me on a different flight and I was delayed and had to switch my flight again because I was going to miss my connecting flight. We asked to be put on another airline and the lady said we couldn't do that (which isn't true). She told us to go to the website and email or call them. We went on the website and there's no email. We called and there was over an hour wait. I will never be flying United Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Chicago to Charlotte. Flight delayed muliple times, first 45 minutes, than 1.5 hours then 3 hours, due to mechanical problem. This seems to happens regularly on their flights. I was apprehensive when booking my flight but thought that that I would give them another chance since American acquired them but it's the same old routine! I'll try not to fly them again!"
"Verified Review | I have not travelled with United Airline for about a year. The policy has changed so much that it almost sounds like United doesn't want to retain cutomers anymore. On this flight from San Francisco to Phoenix, for basic economy passengers, not only they now want $25 for each carry-on they also force everyone to checkin the carry-on. This is a disgrace. First of all, the airline is greedy enough to charge carry-on fee. Secondly, they like to cause an incovenience to their passengers to have to wait for baggage claim after landing when it is carry-on and can be stored in the overhead bins. United Airlines is a prime example of corporations that wrongly put profit before customer experience. In my next time flying, I will surely stay away from United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Liberia to Portland via Houston. I've flown with United Airlines many times, and this one was the last straw. They are typically unresponsive, slow, and rude. This time was no exception and it resulted in a delay.that delay turned into a longer delay due to weather which wasn't their fault, so I was understanding about that. However, after an hour and a half, the crew didn't want to wait any more and went home. At that point, my 9:17pm flight got bumped to 8:30 am. United offered no compensation with the exception of a 40% off coupon for some hotel I didnt want. They don't care about their customers. That's all there is to say. I'm never flying with them again."
"Verified Review | 1.30pm flight to Houston originally, with a 9.30pm flight to Argentina. Our plane was delayed until 5.30 then 6.30 for mechanical issues, no updates from an agent after that. Plane that was supposed to bring the part to be replaced also had mechanical issues. We received updates by email that pushed the flight later and later, until 11.30pm, with 3 gate changes. Only received $75 off for another United flight as compensation, expiring in a year. While 9 members of our party are in Argentina, the rest of us have to wait until 9.30pm tomorrow to travel again. Most of us have been over 14 hours in the airport. We're just now finding arrangements for accommodations. Not a great experience."
"Verified Review | Portland to Des Moines via Houston. I will never fly with United again. They changed our flight route and time only a few days before our trip and never notified us by email so we lost valuable vacation time die to the changes flight time. When we were ready to board, they notified us that there was no more space in the overhead compartment so so we had to check our carry-on, which had fragile glass items inside. They labeled our checked bag with the wrong final destination, which was only corrected because we caught it. Staff were extremely rude and disorganized!"
"Verified Review | Where do I begin, before booking this flight from Portland to San Francisco with United I looked through the baggage policy online to make sure I was able to take carry on and personal item. Website showed nothing saying I couldn't. Upon check in I was told that we were unable to take a carry on and would have to pay $25 dollars per bag to be checked. So there went $50 dollars. Let me add how rude every employee I met for them was! Absolutely no help or care in the world. Then we get to the gate and I see almost everyone bringing on both. With normal amount of overhead bins in the plane. So there is absolutely no reason for them not allowing carry on bags. I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | We have been met with charge after charge flying with United. My husband and I originally booked our tickets to San Francisco and had to pay an additional $100 for the option to sit together and have a carry on! How does one go on vacation without clothes?! The trip fell through and we ended up changing to go to Cancun, Mexico instead. We were charged $400 plus about $50-100 in processing fees to change. Not only that, we were met with many additional costs that are new to us. I have flown many international flights and have always been given a meal. On this flight however, we were given a bag of pretzels and would be charged extra for snacks or a meal. I have also never been charged extra for a checked bag on an international flight. (We were actually allowed a carry on) Lastly, I have never been charged to watch tv. United offered no free entertainment and their directv option was $8. It was not a pleasant experience and I will absolutely be avoiding united in the future."
"Verified Review | It is a comedy to fly United from San Francisco to London. 11 hours flight without a personal screen and TV. I have never seen it in my life. The flight departed with 2 hours delay and I had to buy new train tickets. The food selections were limited and all the time the options were finished. A delayed flight, bad service and horrible experience."
"Verified Review | London Heathrow to Chicago. Four out of four flights have been delayed, missing all connections. So disappointed and cannot imagine how I could recommend United Airlines. Four out of four flights is no coincidence - perhaps poor planning, poor employee compensation, as well as poor service."
"Verified Review | I had purchased my ticket a week before my flight and paid double what it would have cost. I paid over $900 for a flight from Boise, Idaho to Detroit. I was forced to pay an extra $25 to check my carry on bag. I explained to the attendant that there is no reason to check my carry on. At the gate I saw everyone coming off of my plane with backpacks and carry ons. I explained to the attendant, that I will be arriving in Detroit at 1am and I could not spare an hour or more to walk all the way to baggage claim to collect this carry on bag that I could easily take on the plane with me. It was your typical, the customer is nobody attitude. She could not care less about my opinion. Obviously United culture does not value the customer. I ended up wasting 1 hour and 45 minutes to collect my small carry on. Does anyone at United care that I got home at 3am? I don't think so."
"Verified Review | Horrible. So many delays on this United flight from Minneapolis to Manchester, NH. After sitting all day in the airport, we finally start boarding and many of us are given tags for our bags to gate check them, saying they don't have enough room in the overhead compartments. There was plenty of room when I boarded the plane. I wanted to grab my bag so I didn't have to wait after landing for then to get it from under the plane. They wouldn't let me! It was sitting 4ft from the door! Needless to say it was a mad rush to the next flight. Not impressed."
"Verified Review | February 2017 UA1721 Moved to Hawaii, because of the time of year, locked in to using United Airlines PetSafe program. A fiasco. My recommendation is to fly a different time of year, use a different airline. United is more expensive than any other. We were told to be at the PetSafe cargo area 2 hours before flight, we arrived 3.5 hours early so we wouldn't miss the flight. The woman checking in pets was so slow that all of the pets ahead of us and ours got on the flights on time, we all got to the airport late. All missed our flights. A few minutes late to load luggage ruined the whole trip. Luggage has to be with passengers, pets do not? Put on another flight with 2 airlines, 2 airports, pets had to be boarded, needed a hotel, etc. until the next day. The price difference with the next booking was over $600.00 with no price adjustment. There is never enough help at the counters, people miss flights because of lack of employees. Pets are put in overnight boarding, an extra expense and extra stress on them. Money spent on hotel and food because you need to stay your first night on the island to pick up pets the next morning. Never again."
"Verified Review | Newark to Washington. I'm currently waiting at the airport in NJ. We where suppose to leave here at 8:29. They've cancelled the flight went back and said it wasn't cancelled, and they've re-adjusted the flight 10 times within the last few hours. We called customer service to see if we could be compensated for this major inconvenience and they say \"well your still leaving tonight\". They offered no compensation at all. Now they claim we are leaving at 2:09am. This is ridiculous and unprofessional. I had a 4 hour delay with southwest before and they compensated everyone on the flight and we didn't even have to ask them. They did it on their own accord. My husband waited on the phone for over an hour just to be told that they aren't going to do anything. This is why they're always in the need for their bad customer service."
"Verified Review | Knoxville to Boston via Newark. By far the worst experience I have ever had flying! Our flight was delayed in Knoxville for 4 hours, we were supposed to leave Knoxville at 11:15, we finally left Knoxville at 3 (no one could ever explain to us why) we landed in Newark, NJ, around 4:40. We were told we would be able to make the 6:25 flight to Boston (granted we were supposed to land in Boston at 4pm) our flight was delayed 2 additional times, we finally left Newark, at 9:20 and landed in Boston around 10:15. We lost an entire day. No one would/could ever tell us what the delay was. We spent a total of 12hrs in 2 airports. I have flown on numerous occasions and I have had minor things happen but I have never had such a horrible experience with an airline. Not only was the flight experience bad, dealing with the rude airport staff was worse! Customer Service is obviously not part of their training for the job. We only had one lady go out of her way to help us, she was at the Knoxville airport, she was the only good experience we had with United! She did all she could to keep all 6 of my family members together. One lady I talked to had my 8yr old on a separate flight with her 15yr old brother. It was an absolute disaster. My family and I will never use this airline again."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Denver to Los Angeles. Very dishonest business practices. I packed super light so I could fit everything in a small backpack since you have to pay extra to check a bag. Now you have to buy an upgraded seat to even use overhead space! I was forced to check my 7lb backpack for $50 round trip because it's too big to fit under the seat in front of me. Outrageous! I won't be flying with this airline again."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Los Angeles via San Francisco. I just completed four flights with United Airlines within a weeks time and will not be using them again. The ground service attendants were downright rude in all three airports. All of the flights were overbooked and slow to board. On the three of the four flights all inflight entertainment and wifi was by purchase only. The LA to Honolulu flight we could use the screens on the seats for free with a variety of movies. The other flights had Direct TV screens which required credit card swipes. The 5.5 hour flight from Honolulu to San Francisco only offered one beverage service and no food cart. The flight attendants came through only to ask for garbage. Overall the airlines came across as a penny pinching organization that didn't care about customer service and lost sight of the cost involved for families to travel."
"Verified Review | I am reviewing the Boeing 737-900 I flew from Chicago to Los Angeles with United. Basically a bad design (from the 1970s) with a new plastic facelift. No legroom for a 5ft 10in person - knees hit table metal, and no room for feet under Seat in front. Seat recline limited with entertainment screen in my face when person in front reclines. Use of laptop impossible! Now for my comments on the 1970 entertainment system, paid $8 and could not watch movies on demand - 5 hour flight, but always missed start of movies and tv shows - it's 2017. And then the controls for the entertainment system were located on the seat arm - needless to say that my neighbor got very upset several times after I changed her viewing channel Finally my expensive headphones could not save the poor quality 1970 audio jack plug and sound. Recommend going back to the drawing board!"
"Verified Review | Detroit to Newark. My mom has been working for United for over 28 years so when I fly I use her buddy passes. Using her buddy passes this means that I fly standby (which means I only get a seat if one is available). I decided to fly home for the weekend so I decided to fly from Detroit airport to Newark on June 23rd. There were about 15-20 open seats on this flight so I knew there should be no problem getting on the flight. There were a few delays due to air traffic control and that is normal and expected on a busy day like Friday. After waiting a few hours in delays, it was finally time for my flight to board. I stood right by the podium as I waited for everyone to board and once they finished I went right up the front desk to ask if any stand bys have been called yet. The lady said she wasn't sure and that she had to wait for one of the other agents to come back because she would have the answer. I waited about 5-10 minutes for the other agent to go back and I nervously kept looking at the screen to make sure that I didn't miss my name being called but the screen still said \"Boarding\" and my name was not checked off the screen yet despite all of the empty seats. The United agent finally returned and when I asked her about the stand by's she had nothing to say to me. All she said was that the doors were already closed and that I would not be making it on the flight. I did not understand what she was saying because there were no announcements made AT ALL about final boarding. Not only did the agent forget to call the whole stand by list, she never announced that boarding was coming to an end. Before the flight even began boarding, I specifically went up to the Agents and told them I was flying stand by and I asked them if they would be calling out my name so that I could receive my ticket. They assured me they would call me once everyone else was boarded. However, this was not the case at all. While this whole ordeal was happening, I was talking to my mom on the phone who told me that she never has seen something like this in her 28 years of flying. She was very upset by this as was I and instructed me to see if there was something else I could talk to. When I asked the lady if I could talk to someone else about this problem, she told me there was nobody else I could talk to about this issue. The lady then began to ignore me when I continued to talk to her about this problem. I was absolutely baffled on how an airline could just get away without giving a final boarding call for a flight. There was also another person on stand by who missed out on this flight because the agents never made the proper announcements. This was the last flight out for the day so it caused me to be stuck in Detroit for the night when this never should have happened considering there were over 15 seats open. Not only did the lady refuse to help or even tell me what happened, she failed to do one of her basic duties as an agent - which is make the proper announcements. I am a college student who cannot afford to pay to spend a night in a hotel so this left me in a terrible situation. I have flown United my whole life and I have never been so disappointed with them as I am today."
"Verified Review | Tokyo Narita to Houston. I've previously taken this route four years ago and I was expecting the same. Well, that wasn't the case. For a trans-pacific flight, the flight crew was not approachable or polite in any matter besides maybe two who did an excellent job. There was one who was very sarcastic and rude to a passenger and another who was not knowledgeable of the food she was serving. The food portions were rather small compared to a domestic trans-con flight. For dinner, they served chicken rice or pasta with a roll and a cup of salad, and vanilla ice cream. In the middle of the flight, they served snacks. Ice-cold ham & cheese sandwich with Asian-style trail mix and a chocolate. The sandwich was terrible. I gave praise to the crew walking around the cabin giving away water in between meal times. Then before landing, breakfast. Cheese omelet with a \"rubber\" sausage and hashbrowns or this Japanese chicken rice with this bourbon cookie. The crew was not very presentable and mediocre, some of the crew looked like they just lazily put on their uniform without a care of how they looked. There were only two crew who had a smile on their face the whole flight. Some had the expression of regret for choosing their career as a flight attendant, some were just tired and wanted to go back to the crew rest, and some had great poise. The seat was rather decent for a 12-hour flight. Great legroom and recline degree and the cushioning are comfortable for sleep - there were even pillows and blankets. There was also an IFE screen on each seat but none of them worked the entire flight. The crew tried their best to reboot and get it to work but it wouldn't budge. No movies or TV programs would work but games and the flight map did. It was a good thing there was in-flight wifi which you can connect to use the United app where you can enjoy free entertainment with latest movies and TV shows free of charge. Before I went on this flight I flew into Tokyo Narita from Manila and arrived at Tokyo on-time at 2:50 PM but this flight was due to depart at 4:30 PM. So once I arrived my boarding pass didn't have info on the gate number but there was a United representative giving info specifically about that. Approachable and polite. The overall flight experience was decent - close to mediocre due to inconsistent cabin crew and meager cabin product compared to ANA who fly the same route on a higher level of service."
"Verified Review | Dallas to Omaha via Chicago. My colleague and I were traveling for business this morning and had to be in Omaha by 10:30 AM. Our initial flight from DFW was delayed due to weather and that was going to cause us to miss our flight from Chicago to Omaha. We ended up cancelling the whole trip since we would not be able to make our meeting. I get it, no one can control the weather and flights had to be delayed, I'm not upset about that. What I am upset about is their solution to this series of unfortunate events. We were immediately shut down at the airport by the United concierge lady and she said that these reservations were non-refundable and there was nothing she could do. She suggested that we call the 1-800 number and they may be able to help us further. Once I got back into the office I called the United Airlines 1-800 number. Once I was connected to a live representative she said that she would be able to credit those trips back to both of us for future use with United ($128.80 each), but we would have to pay a \"flight change\" fee of $200 EACH. She basically told me that we would each have to give United Airlines $200 before we could use the $128.80 credit that each of us have. What I am taking away from this is that United Airlines does not care about it customers and the situations that they are put in. We had no intentions of cancelling these trips and only did so because we had no choice given the circumstances. They offered no help whatsoever and did not provide any sort of solution to the unfortunate situation that we were both in. My colleague and I wasted $257.00, and United Airlines said that we can still use that money with them if we give them an additional $400.00."
"Verified Review | Trying for a routine trip from San Diego to Jacksonville via Chicago. Plane left late, so I missed my connection. Then new connection delayed over two hours, so I will get in after my rental car office is closed. Customer service was no help at all. Inflight WiFi kept stopping. I am a United Mileage Plus member, and it gets increasingly more difficult to earn upgrades and flights. Wife is a big Delta Airline fan and gets upgraded all the time. Flew Delta last month and was very happy. Time to switch from an airline that just doesn't try any more."
"Verified Review | I booked a flight with United Airlines flying from PHL to JAX, with a connecting flight in Newark. First of all, I always fly American Airlines, but this time I decided to try out the cheaper option. This was a huge mistake. I signed up for flight updates twice, once when I bought the ticket, and once when I checked in for the flight ahead of time. I get to the airport and it turns out that they booked me on a train to Newark without making that clear. Luckily, I was early like I always am for my flights so I lugged my two suitcases to the train station to catch the train to Newark. After all this, I get to the counter in Newark and they tell me my flight was canceled. Mind you, I made sure my phone was on and charged all day to make sure I would be notified of any changes to the flight. The United employee told me the next flight out was for 7am the next day, but that they would not cover the cost of a hotel for the night, despite it being their error that put me in this position. I then ask if I can have them cover the cost for a train back to Philly, and they print the ticket out right there and hand it to me, and then they tell me if I want to get to Jacksonville (my original destination) that I would have to pay for a whole new ticket. When I make it clear that it's unacceptable for me to be forced to buy two full-priced tickets to the same destination, they tell me the ticket they handed me back to Philly was non-refundable. Then I ask if I can at least get on the 7am flight they mentioned before, but now they're telling me that it's completely booked, as well as the flight after that. The next flight I could be guaranteed a seat on is over a day from then, and again, they will not help with hotel costs. By now, I'm livid, and I talk to a supervisor and they take the ticket back, telling me they wouldn't be able to give me a refund on my ticket at all, despite it being their error that put got me stranded in Newark. After calling customer service I finally talk to someone who will give me a refund, but now I'm forced to buy a ticket for over a hundred more because it's last second, when I originally bought my ticket over a week ahead of time. They should have at least offered me the soonest flight from a competing airline, but they gave me nothing except a guarantee that I'll be paying hundreds more out of pocket for an absolutely terrible experience. I have been on several flights, both domestic and international, but United has by far been the worst experience I've had ever. Bad customer service, bad reliability, no notification system for flight changes, and little clarity in their system overall. I will gladly pay extra to fly with American Airlines (really any airline except United) from now on!"
"Verified Review | Flew San Francisco to Maui. Never again. Haven't flown United for years and now I remember why. Had entertainment that we were required to pay for and very uncomfortable seating. Of course, we only had a cookie and one drink going to Maui. Return trip from Maui was over an hour late boarding, and we are sitting on the tarmac as I type because the gate is blocked with a broken plane. Going on 30 minutes so far. We had no entertainment since wifi was not operating and the free entertainment was thus not available. I won't even mention the stewardesses. Not into their job. JetBlue, Delta, Lufthansa (for Europe) here we come!"
"Verified Review | Flew Chicago O'Hare to Jacksonville, FL. Basic economy, what a scam. Means you have no options, no rights. You cannot select a seat, it will be assigned upon your arrival, good luck. You cannot check-in 24 hours in advance. You have to check-in at the airport and hope you get a seat. I booked a flight under Basic Economy fare for $585 (not cheap!) not fully understanding the restrictions. My bad, buyer beware. You will be the consumer that is \"bumped\" when they are over-sold, which is the case on every flight. I am a Premier member and a loyal United customer for over 25 years. The member who would always select United over American, Delta and other airlines. I called for help. Answer: Sorry nothing we can do, the system won't allow us to override it. But, if you pay a $200 change fee plus additional $35 fare difference, we can cancel the Basic Economy and issue a non-refundable ticket. Now, no longer a United Loyal customer."
"Verified Review | As a long time Hawaii resident, I stopped flying them years ago for the same reason as everyone else. I decided to give it another try from Kona to Los Angeles and was really hoping for a good experience. It wasn't horrible but well below the standards of even Delta or Hawaiian.The aircraft is ancient and the only entertainment available is if you know in advance to download the United app. There is no advance notice of this, there is no WiFi at Kona airport anyway. If you haven't done this there is nothing. Unbelievably no one told the crew boarding had commenced and I walked into a dark cabin to find flight attendants sleeping in row 2. Embarrassing for all. Once they woke up the senior staff was actually fine with the minimum they are given to offer. Food was ok although oddly dessert consisted of a single piece of chocolate offered on the tray next to some crackers. No bread or salad was offered. This for a 5 hour flight in first class us a bit bizarre. The flight was on time, the crew was fairly pleasant, the seat minimally acceptable for 5 hours but really the experience was kind of bizarre due to all of the above."
"Verified Review | Flew Orlando to Washington. Nothing to write home about. No food, seat is the same as every other US Carrier, I dont know why they still call it First Class. There is no lounge in Orlando, at least to my knowledge, the plane was clean as expected, on time departure and arrival."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Washington to Cancun. Mediocre airline, seat is normal US \"first\" class. If we had breakfast, I don't remember. Plane was clean, on time departure and arrived in Cancun. If you compare to Qantas, Lufthansa or Emirates, United leaves a lot to be desired. I would fly United only if it is the cheapest."
"Verified Review | This is my first time using United Airlines and it is by far the worst. When I first arrived to print my tickets for Baltimore to Seattle via Chicago there was only one lady at the counter and about 7 customers waiting for her to take the bags, and it was slow. I didn't give it much thought, figured it was just one bad apple in the batch. Then I get 3 texts saying the flight was delayed a total of 1 hour and 30 minutes. Now I'm standing at customer service in the Chicago airport were they only have 2 people helping a huge snaked line. This airline is just a joke."
"Verified Review | United Airlines hasn't improved. This flight from Melbourne to Los Angeles ought to be the worst I have ever taken. Not because of the lenght, nor because of aircraft, simply because of the rudeness of most flight attendant on board. I think United should review their interpersonal skills with some of their staff. Only 3 staff were polite, the rest were just plain awful. Flight attendants going down the aisle pushing people without excusing themselves - really! I understand they have to work but could they have been polite. Working with public isnt easy, so if you cant do it: find another job. I had never flown United before and for sure now, never will. Next time I will go Air New Zealand again: \"They\" know how. You might as well be stuck somewhere than flying United. It avoids aggravation."
"Verified Review | I've been flying United for years and this was one of their worst flights ever. They fly a massive Boeing 777 on this Honolulu to Houston route and every single seat was sold. The boarding process was disorganized and unpleasant. Due to slight turbulence, the frowning flight crew weren't allowed to serve drinks until 2 hours into the flight. Once they got moving, they were constantly hitting into people and waking them up all night. There were no free meals, no AVOD, no smiles, and the flight crew were absolutely unapproachable and miserable. It's a shame that Americans are willing to tolerate such a disgraceful level of service from this carrier."
"Verified Review | United is the worst airline I've ever flown. Started out at 3:00 am traveling to Las Vegas to catch flight to Albany via Newark. I've never seen so many delays in my many years of flying. Still sitting here in Newark at 10:00 pm with no end in sight. The just keep delaying our flight. Who knows when we will get to Albany. Rental car and hotel booked in Albany and United couldn't care less. If you're planning a trip - don't fly United. I would look elsewhere. Horrible customer service."
"Verified Review | I always hope for the best when flying United, but I am always disappointed. Today our flight was late arriving to Houston, my sister's bag was not on board the flight and has to be delivered later to her home. I do not recommend flying this airline. I prefer Southwest. This is the third time my bag, or someone I was traveling with have lost their bags."
"Verified Review | Flew Dulles to Denver with United Airlines. The staff at the front desk were rude! They refused to answer any questions I had and wouldn't even tell me where I needed to go. They were unprofessional and forced me to check a bag after one employee said \"it's good it fits\", the other employee refused to let me past the desk. Then the person at the counter allowed 5 different people to cut me in line for no apparent reason. The staff were unprofessional and honestly due to the lack of customer service, I will never fly United again!"
"Verified Review | For my Portland to St. Louis flight with United, I was forced to check my bag when I had the correct carry on with me. I did not want to wait for baggage claim when I got home because I knew it would take a long time. They told me that the carry on was too big and made me measure it. (This is the same bag and belongings I flew with on the way here and it was totally fine). They bag was packed a little too big and I said all I had to do was move my belonging a bit around because I had just gotten something out of it and that's why it wasn't fitting correctly. I was told I still had to check it and no one seemed to want to help or accommodate. It was the worst customer experience I've experienced in a long time. I will not be flying United again."
"Verified Review | Flew from Salt Lake City to Denver. United Airlines is now joining the ranks of prestigious airlines like Spirit and Frontier where they nickel and dime you for everything. For the first time ever I was charged $25 for a carry-on bag and only allowed to bring my backpack. This is why I avoid Frontier and Spirit and now I'll be avoiding United."
"Verified Review | United's Basic Economy fare gives employees a mandate to treat customers with contempt and provide sub zero service. Unfortunately, United fare's from San Jose to Washington via Chicago was the cheapest. I work for the City of San Jose and have to book the lowest fare. I figured the fare was the lowest because of United's recent issues and as a result I would get at least okay service. This has not been the case. I've now learned that United has now created a new class called Basic Economy, which apparently does not work with self check-in. I did not realize that this fare meant, not only would I have to check my bag but would have to pay $25 or $50 if I took it to the gate. My seats get assigned at the gate by rude agents. As required by this fare I was the last to board and saw many open seats. I got all the way to the last window seat I was told with a huff that taking one of the many open seats farther forward would be a $119 upgrade."
"Verified Review | Due to United Airlines incomparable incompetence my arrival was inexcusably delayed almost 12 hours. For a company who's customer service is already hanging by a very thin thread you would think that they would be doing everything to make your flights as smooth and pleasant as possible. And yet, on this day at the end of a very long journey, I find myself inflicted upon by their abysmal brand of service especially in regards to scheduling, and accountability. United Airlines first moved my first international flight up, only to delay it when I got to the gate back to its original time. I faced frustration and boredom being trapped in San Francisco airport facing not one, not two, but what became seven delays? Delays that have been caused by runway maintenance. A almost four hour delay that could have been easily avoided if you just had things together and scheduled your planes around the affected runways. Let's not forget the additional delay caused when the flight crew simply couldn't be found to come to the gate so we could start getting underway! After the above delays myself and my fellow passengers were finally able to board our flight - only to be told by the captain that there would be another brief delay while we waited for another crew member because one of the pilots was near the end of their union hours. We sit on the plane stuck for another 20 minuets or so, only to be told they can't find anyone, and can we please get off the plane because our whole flight is cancelled. A whole flight full of people kicked off of a plane, the majority of them with no other flights to their destinations. There were other flights, my bag for instance was on one of them. I know this because it's now 11.37 at night and the airport is very full, as were the lines to the customer service kiosks. Speaking of the customer service, the kiosk I get to is uncrowded but understaffed and run by clearly undertrained employees. The ones I'm dealing with keep having to ask each other for help, and give advice/plans that contradict one another. (All of this happens while the loudspeakers ask for a last call to a last flight to Dallas - the city I'm trying to get to) one of them even takes what seems to be a personal call while 'assisting' me (could have been work, but there was a lot of giggling). When I finally get hold of a supervisor I have to plead to get the next flight out of this godforsaken place, which I am reluctantly given as its with one of your competitors. Almost 12 hours later I do finally make it home - thanks to American Airlines. "
"Verified Review | Corpus Christi to Houston. United Airlines is the worst airline. The people are unfriendly and do not know how to treat customers well. I will try at all matters to never step in again in a United Flight unless they improve their service. By the way, they charge for everything like checked bags. Basically, they are not competitive at all."
"Verified Review | Don't fly United! They always have delays for whatever reasons. I fly a handful times each year, and unfortunately, I have to fly United since they're based in Houston. I'm sitting at the airport in Vegas now waiting for our plane to be repaired. We all boarded, sat there for half an hour, then deplaned. Supposed to leave at 11.30 am, delayed until 3 pm, delayed again until 4 pm. Who knows if I'll ever get home. So many people missed connecting flights. While sitting here waiting for the plane to be fixed, I hear agents announcing that this flight or that flight is overbooked! This seems to be the norm with United. I've only left on time once in the past 8 flights. Some delays were due to weather, but most were not weather related. If you have options, choose another airline."
"Verified Review | The flight San Francisco to Singapore itself wasn't bad. The negative review is for the United staff at SFO. I am Star Alliance gold via Krisflyer but was using my MileagePlus. I was told I cannot use the priority lane or get a priority luggage tag because Krisflyer isn't Star Alliance. When I showed them the card which clearly says Star Alliance gold, they reluctantly gave me the priority tag on my bag. Upon arrival to Singapore, my bag is one of the last bags out (35 min wait) and does not have a tag. Furthermore the bag is all wet. The flight wasn't bad but the ground staff need major changes."
"Verified Review | United is absolutely ridiculous. For the price you pay you get no guarantee you're going to get there on time. After delays then sitting on runways for upwards of an hour to incur further delays on the next flight in Jersey. You pay a ridiculous price for a service expecting to get where you request at the time you request it. Totalling upwards of 3 hours of delays, a food shortage on the plane, overhead bins clearly designated for passengers instead crammed with United employee paraphernalia, they've clearly taken away what precious seat space was left as you will be knees to the seat in front of you. Wifi isnt free as they advertise, no it is only free to view their partnering sales advertisements. Don't bother making plans for transportation upon arrival as you aren't promised you'll arrive on time. So much of our time wasted. Planned on using the metro train systems upon arrival but that can't happen as our flight will arrive hours after close of major public transportation. So we will incur further unexpected costs in transportation, to make up for the mess United Airlines has left it's passengers in, with No regard to the inconvenience or disregard for their customers time. I suggest Delta or Southwest to this airline any day. Never again."
"Verified Review | On flight from Los Angeles to Washington Dulles the staff was extremely unpleasant. Not over concerned at that position not but then on arrival one piece of our luggage was lost. This was a direct flight and one piece missing? Came to find out that 10 people from our flight lost luggage. Several conflicting explanations were offered but after an hour we all left without our luggage. On our return flight was told after boarding that the only way to watch anything was by streaming thru our own devices and that we must download the United app. Of course that wasn't possible for the large number of attempts to access internet and App Store. Probably wouldn't complain but then we were delayed after we were seated. It was explained that they had no pilot or flight crew. Would drive to get us a flight crew and pilot ASAP. An hour after boarding we were told that the pilot Was at the airport and would begin preparing to leave. Still attempting to access App Store. I will never use United Airlines again!! By the time we back away from the gate we have already been seated for an hour and 20 + min. Most unprofessional travel experience."
"Verified Review | United is garbage. They loaded the plane from Houston to Tampa and we sat there waiting for the pilots for over an hour at the gate. Terrible communication. No remorse, poor planning and management. Try to avoid flying them. Worse then the budget airlines in my opinion"
"Verified Review | I am officially done with United Airlines and do not plan to use their service ever again. They are on the same poor quality list as Spirit Airlines now. Yesterday I checked in early for my flight from Newark to Raleigh/Durham via the United Airlines app and received a pop up message. The message stated one personal bag was allowed and a full size carry was not allowed. I was instructed to check in my full size carry on for the price of $25. When I attempted to bypass this message another message popped up stating if a full size carry on arrived at the gate I would be charged $25 to check the bag in and an additional $25 would also be added as a service fee for last minute baggage check. I went on the United's website where I saw carry on bags were allowed on the plane. Nevertheless I didn't want any problems so I checked in my carry on for a price of $25 when I arrived to the airport. At that point I asked a floor customer service representative about the notification I received regarding the full size carry on. I was informed that I was not allowed to bring a full size carry on because I purchased a ticket at a reduced rate on priceline.com. If I purchased my ticket through United at regular price I could bring my carry on onto the plane complementary. I could not believe it. To make matters worse when I arrived at the gate and they began to call passengers by group number, the representative clearly stated in her announcement passengers boarding with group numbers 1-4 may bring on a carry on luggage. I of course was in group 5, therefore I was disqualified. Although I saved money purchasing a ticket via priceline.com, in the end United made that money back by forcing me pay for my carry on bag. That is a clear Spirit Airlines move. You can get a cheap flight but you have to pay for other things. I see United still haven't learned how to treat their customers."
"Verified Review | Have flown United Airlines from London Heathrow to Detroit via Chicago several times over the last few years. The aircraft are old and the minute you step in you get the feeling of arrogance from the crew, old women about to retire and clearly fed up. Not enough chicken meals for everybody, had to get a tasteless pasta meal. My connection to Detroit got delayed by 6 hours and got an apology email with a silly $50 discount on the next flight. No thanks. Worst airline ever. Avoid United Airlines at all cost. Just appalling."
"Verified Review | Bangkok to Cancun via Houston. Narita to Houston return I paid extra for a Economy premium seats. In flight service was extremely poor, flight attendants on both flights were unfriendly, spoke in rude tones. None of them ever smiled or expressed a word of greeting. Snacks were thrown on the lap of passenger who was next to me since he was sleeping. Quality of food was extremely poor, no presentation, servings were small. Bun/sandwich served for snack was dry and hardly edible. There was absolutely no value for additional money I paid for Economy premium seat. It was uncomfortable seat, with hardly any difference of leg space in the ordinary Economy class. There was nothing pleasant about the in flight service of 12- 13 hour flights both ways. I have over 30 years of flying experience with difference air lines, United Airlines was the worst in flight experience. I will never choose to fly UA again."
"Verified Review | Chicago to San Diego. Service was great, Flight Attendants were friendly. Food was offered on our flight, I got a chicken wrap and it was larger than I expected and tasty. The seats and leg room were larger than on most planes I've been on lately so for a almost 4 hours flight it was comfortable. My only complaint is when did it become ok to \"Dip\" tobacco and spit in a bottle ? The guys next to me enjoyed dipping the whole flight, getting fresh dip several times. The smell (minty like malox) gave me a headache but that fact he was allowed to spit in a bottle while I was eating was just gross. I don't normally fly United and I have never had this happen before. Is this a normal allowed practice?"
"Verified Review | Frankfurt to San Francisco. This is the return leg of a flight I booked with Lufthansa. The first flight was both Lufthansa planes. This return flight from Frankfurt to San Francisco is United Airlines. I know they are sister airlines but I swore last December I would never fly United Airlines again. United planes are old and very dated."
"Verified Review | Extremely disappointed with the treatment of a first-class passenger. We purposely booked our 16 year old daughter in first class so she could feel safe with the attention of the airline staff since she was traveling a long way by herself (Denver to Boston). She was booked in row 3A, and upon arriving at the gate, was called to the counter. The gate agent said, \"We are trying to find a seat for you\". No explanation. She called me upset because she did not know what was going on. I told her to go back to the counter and show them her itinerary and confirmation. She did, and the same agent responded with, \"There is a broken seat in first class. We are trying to find a seat for you\". Again, no confirmation that she will get eventually get a seat on the flight. My daughter looks at the available seats being displayed on the monitor and notices middle seats available from row 10 and up. Thirty minutes goes by with no communication. Then my husband asks to speak to the agent via my daughter's cell phone, and the exchange was so heated, the agent slammed the phone down on the counter. My daughter picked up her phone and walked away from the counter without either gate agent saying a word to her. Simple, clear communication showing they care would have gone a long way instead of leaving a 16 year old in tears. I ended up calling United and the agent switched me to a manager right away. The manager said she was being assigned seat 21A window seat (even thought the gate agents at that point still hadn't said anything to her); or the reservation manager could switch her to a first class seat on the 12:30pm flight instead of her 9:50am flight. My daughter preferred to wait until the 12:30pm flight just to avoid the gate agents. A simple, caring, clear communication from the gate agents would have avoided a lot of anxiety, anger, and tears. I know she would have easily taken row 21A if she wasn't so upset, but now she never wants to fly United again, and I don't blame her. We'll all do our best never to take United again."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Denver. United continues to have no clue what their customers want. I attempted to fly standby on a flight in order to get home 1 hour earlier. Yes I was asking for a \"favor\", for my own convenience but i figured if there was room, why wouldn't an airline take care of its customers? After talking to customer service, they confirmed the flight to have many empty seats. Unfortunately unless I was premium status, there was a standby fee of $75 per one way flight. Wouldn't it be easier to keep customers happy whenever possible? Beyond customer service, this is bad business practices. The airline business is time critical; once a flight leaves, an airline can't make any more money from that flight for ticket sales. By moving up passengers to earlier flights, an airline can reserve the future potential to sell more seats on later flights. Why would an airline limit future growth potentinal? Especially when at the expense of the customer experience. My complaint is small compared to many news worthy stories, but just another example of continued poor customer service from United."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Los Angeles. United Airlines has the worst service. Having a trip with multiple intenarys I was told I needed to check my carrying on bag, normally I would not have an issue with this but seeing I had a flight to catch with a $1000 ticket this was not an option. The staff loading the flight were unwilling to cooperate and allow me to bring the carry on aboard or offer a solution to get my bag. They forced me to check my bag not giving me enough time to make my next flight. I will never fly them again."
"Verified Review | Kona to Portland via San Francisco. While checking in bags for a flight from KOA to PDX the credit machines /kiosks went down and though the ticket agent asked us to try several times (3 to be exact) we were not able to pay on the kiosk with a credit card. We waited patiently with the attendants and a growing line of passengers behind us for over a half hour. After the agent confirmed there was an issue with \"the lines for the machine\" and we were told \"it was being worked on\" the attendant said she would check our bags for FREE. She checked us in for our flight printed our bag tags and boarding passes and we went on our way, boarded, and flew home. Today there are three separate charges for $75 each on my bank card, for a transaction I was assured was free! Unacceptable. I was extremely patient and understand that tech issues happen but there is no excuse for poor customer service from the 800 number provided by the charging agent. When calling the phone number next to the 3 transactions on my bank account for customer service I was told that they can't help me! Why have customer service agents that cannot fix problems. I am currently waiting on the phone and have been waiting for an hour and five minutes for a resolution to this problem and will certainly be filing a formal complaint. To top it all off, during my call with customer service the supervisor that I spoke with tried to blame the ticket agent! All of the agents at the airport, physically checking passengers in did a great job under the conditions. With every kiosk down they managed to help all of the passengers checking in for their flights while dealing with technical issues. I'm certain there are several other passengers that have experienced the same problem! I stood at the counter and waited while the gate agent called for assistance and was told it was a system wide problem or slow age. She did a fantastic job and provided excellent customer service and I wish I remembered her name so she could be recognized for been extremely helpful while trying to check in my family of five, included three children, for a flight home. We will not fly United ever again after this experience. The only reason I'm giving them any star for a rating at all is because the page forces me to."
"Verified Review | All United flights between Saipan and Guam are operated by Cape Air aircrafts. Actually it's about 30 minutes flight and so I could put up with uncomfortable seat and average and unfriendly service. Anyway there's no alternative flights. Check in is quite quick and all other Saipan airport services as well."
"Verified Review | Washington to Dublin. Worst Business Class in the world, aircraft was a Boeing 757-200, in Business Class. This flight was advertised on the UA website and even on the boarding pass as new United Polaris Business Class, with \"Redesigned seating, luxury bedding and calming amenities offer the ultimate comfort for relaxation and sleep\". My expectations were quite high. You cannot believe my disappointment and disgust when I boarded the plane and found out the business class cabin was most outdated and terrible business class I have ever seen. The seats were incredible old, tired and dirty. There was no access to the isle for every seat. There were scratches, dents and dints everywhere in the cabin. The crew was working in the galleys without any curtain to the cabin. So we had the full galley light in the cabin at all time. Toilets were outdated. They were clean but the bins very completely full soon and have not been emptied during the flight. There was no mouth wash, hand cream, toothpaste, combs or anything similar which is standard for all other decent airlines. The food was kind of okay; the wines were actually excellent. The UA lounge at Dulles airport was the usual UA standard (slightly disappointing). At 9 pm there was plenty of seating available which was nice. There were two just soups on offer to eat; most of the alcoholic drinks you have to pay for."
"Verified Review | United would not work with me when my flight was cancelled due to weather. My flight in SPS was cancelled to DFW, which meant I could not make my flight from LAX to SBA because I was not able to get from DFW to LAX. American was understanding and worked with me to get me to my destination multiple times while United told me to pay more than what the ticket was worth or to just basically let it go. The insurance is worth nothing from both United and the traveling company used as the travel company has the same plan as United. I used to fly United all the time, but now I will be avoiding them like the plague. Im very satisfied with American Airlines and highly displeased with United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Flew Chicago to Newark. If you're serious about getting to your destination unscathed, do not fly United. I recommend not taking United to all of my clients and vendors. United lost my luggage twice and every flight I have been on has been delayed. I simply can't trust United for my travel needs."
"Verified Review | Most recently I was flying from Rome to Kansas City, via Turkish Airlines and United. Connecting through Chicago, my flights switched to United from Turkish Airlines. Turkish Airlines was able to ensure my bags made it from Rome to Istanbul to Chicago all in one piece despite multiple delays and a very long layover. United lost my bag in the 1 hours flight from Chicago to Kansas City. At the baggage claim the gentlemen said it was still in Chicago and would be delivered the next day. It was not. Unfortunately, they were still unable to recover my luggage as of 3 days after landing, forcing me essentially try to make excuses for not having the promised items at the meeting with my clients. I filed additional claims for my luggage twice, neither of which were even responded to. 4 days later, I called again, and was told my luggage was simply lost. I unchecked rechecked the bag in Chicago after arriving from an international flight, and they somehow lost the bag. Trying to get United to cover the costs of what was lost is proving to be even more nightmarish. The quality of service is astounding awful. I have had delayed bags before with United, but now having them simply lose my bag on such a short flight, and then fight me at every step when trying to claim the bag is shockingly despicable. If I would have known my Turkish Airlines flight was using United for the last leg, I would have never bought the ticket, as United is generally a terrible airline anyways for constant delays, uncomfortable seats, and delaying my baggage constantly. But this has trumped all other experiences regarding terrible care and costing me literal thousands of dollars for their negligence."
"Verified Review | This company doesn't deserve to be a Star Alliance member. I'm an elite member with Air Canada and United Airlines is far from being a good airline. First, no entertainment système and no power outlet in 2017 is unacceptable. Second, I had to change my flight and they switch my second flight with Air Canada to a United Airlines one without asking me. I had to make the change after I noticed it."
"Verified Review | I was forced to check my carry on because the flight was full. I told them I didn't want my bag checked but they told me I didn't have the option to bring it on board with me. They managed to lose my bag. When I filed the report at the airport they tried to put the blame on me, like I wanted me bag checked. Then they proceeded to tell me my bag had been located and it would be delivered early the next morning. The next morning came and went, no bag. I called to see what happened only to be told, \"we have located your bag and we will put it on the first available flight out and have it delivered to you asap.\" I was, confused and irritated. I explained that my bag was located the night before and should of already been delivered to me. They then told me I could go ahead and spend $150 to replace the items in my bag while they got this sorted out. I thought, well at least they are trying to do right by me. This game went on for 4 days! My bag was finally delivered after I returned home from my vacation and after several angry phone calls. They kept getting my delivery address wrong, my bag color wrong and managed to ship my bag to several different airports before it finally made its way home. Once my bag arrived, I called United to get the $150 refund that they promised me plus some compensation given all the hassle. They actually told me, \"sorry, looks like whoever told you that failed to make a note in the system so we cannot offer you a refund now.\" \"The best we can do is $125 travel voucher for your trouble.\" As if I'd want to fly with that useless airline again. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from these guys. The customer service is the worst I have ever encountered!"
"Unverified | Flew United Airlines from Hawaii to Chicago. Wifi is expensive and barely works. Only way to access inflight entertainment was through personal device and it requires United airline app. In order to get the app you must purchase the wifi. Purchased 1 hour of the wifi for 6.99 to download the app, only to find out the inflight entertainment isn't working. So I am instead using the wifi to write this review. Extremely frustrating."
"Verified Review | Portland to Mexico City via San Francisco. Scheduled departure at 6:55am delayed. Later we boarded and left the gate only to return to the gate and deboard. Told to wait in case we could leave. Left 3hrs+ late. Arrived in San Fran and learned we missed our connecting flight. Arrived at United Customer Service desk at 1:45am. The best replacement flight boards at 5:15am. No overnight accommodation provided. We will arrive at our destination 12 hours late! I am hoping that my two checked bags eventually catch up to me; I suspect I will need to make a return trip to the airport to get them. This is terrible service. United Airlines continues to provide poor customer service. There were over a hundred passengers that share my same sentiment!"
"Verified Review | Chicago O'Hare to Lexington. My flight got delayed a few times and then finally cancelled due to weather. The weather was not the fault of United. When standing in the customer service line in F terminal we were all told that there was another customer service center in B terminal if we wanted to go over there. Everyone stayed in the line waiting patiently to get helped. There were approximately 5 or 6 people in front of me. The supervisor was standing behind the counter and says they are going to be going down to one agent shortly and we could go to B terminal if we wanted. We all decided to wait where we were since we did not know how long the line was in B terminal. Then all of the sudden he says that this counter in F terminal was closed. He never pulled the strap and closed the line. We all said to him that he had told us they were going to one agent and we were all willing to wait. Why are you now changing and closing the counter wile there are people waiting to get helped. He made his staff leave immediately. I walked to B terminal next to him and asked him for his name. He said I'm not giving you my name. He told me that he had worked 18 hours and can't work anymore or he gets penalized. When we all arrive at the customer service counter at B terminal it was exactly what we were all trying to avoid when in B terminal, Long lines! He then proceeded to go behind the counter in B terminal and continue to work along with one of the customer service ladies that was at F terminal. He had told me when walking to B terminal that the staff that had been at F terminal had would too many hours and could not work more. That was clearly not the case since they started helping people in the line at B terminal. We could have all been helped where we were and much faster than having to get in a longer line. His attitude and actions are completely unacceptable! This type of customer service is what continues to give United Airlines such a bad name."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Chicago. I will never fly United again. I couldn't even upgrade my seat. They have this new thing called basic economy, that they will charge you for everything. I will never recommend it. Stay away. Definitely this will be the last time I travel United Airlines."
"Verified Review | I wish I could say that I was shocked by United and their lack of attention to detail. After having our flight from Newark to Boston delayed for an hour with no explanation why, finally boarded the plane ready to put it behind me. We get the amazing news that's the plane doesn't have up to date maintenance logs, which means we're not going anywhere. As if it couldn't get worse they announce that only one air conditioner was working so it's going to be stuffy. I will never fly United again. I will pay 200+ dollars to avoid sitting on a plane with no air for over 35 minutes. Horrible experience."
"Verified Review | This is my first trip I've planned with United Airlines in a very long time. My flight from Denver to Philadelphia was fine, I have no issue. My flight from Philadelphia home to Denver was awful. It was on one of their newer planes, and I had absolutely no room on this plane. I'm 6'1\", and I feel like I had to squeeze into my seat. I couldn't hardly move the entire flight, and after getting home, my body is still aching from that flight (two days later). I have a very limited budget and cannot afford the luxuries an upgrade has to offer. I can't help that I'm so tall, I don't feel like I should have to pay extra just to sit in a seat that won't leave my body hurting for days after. I've never had this issue on any other airline, even on newer planes of similar models. I'm not sure if this is a manufacturing defect, or they purposely made the rows so close together that I had to have my knees jammed into the seat in front of me (more so than usual), or the seats so tiny I could barely move or even buckle my seat belt. I am not an overweight person, I've never been this confined on a flight in my life, and I travel pretty frequently. This will definitely make me hesitant to fly United Airlines in the future, I've never felt this way getting off a Delta flight, even with their newer planes."
"Verified Review | My fiancé and I departed from Albany, New York for Steamboat Springs, Colorado over the holiday. United was seriously testing our skiing endurance. After sitting at the Albany gate for 20 minutes, the pilot informed us that the grounds crew forgot to load our bags! It’s not like we were the first flight. There was a United flight leaving at the gate over 30 minutes before us. My fiancé and I ended up running to our next gate because what was a 40-minute layover turned into a 15-minute layover in a different terminal. After sprinting up and down to the gate at Chicago, we arrived in the knick-of-time. We were able to grab salads at a stand outside the gate. After boarding the plane, we decided to eat our salads. Oddly we are able to finish our entire salad without moving. After sitting for 30 minutes, the pilot informed us there is an abnormal number of children on the plane therefore we were waiting for children life jackets. An hour goes by and we are informed from the pilot’s calculations we will need additional fuel, so we waited on the fuel truck. At this point all the young children who needed life jackets, are highly uncomfortable because the plane is becoming warm - over 80 degrees. It was an older plane so they could not turn on the AC. Think about all the poor parents! Scheduling is important to everyone’s well-being and we are now an hour and half late. If you can believe it, we were then informed the fuel truck put too much fuel in the plane! We are now waiting for another truck to take out some of the fuel. After sitting at the gate for an hour and 45 minutes, we were informed we will be leaving as soon as the second truck comes by because the first one broke down! We only sat at the gate on a stifling hot plane for two hours on what is normally a two and half hour plane ride. The 100-meter dash to the finish line was that half of all passengers bags on the plane did not make it to Steamboat ours included! We were in great shape to go skiing!"
"Verified Review | Norfolk to Honolulu via Newark. Terrible experience! I haven't flown United in years and I wish I had kept it that way. They booked my flight with a layover in Newark, I had a carry on that they said needed to be put under the plane due to no room in the overhead bins, the agent put a green tag on my luggage, when we landed and I tried to get my luggage the agent asked me for my \"green ticket\", I then told him I did not receive a ticket and everyone else on line said they hadn't gotten one either, he said \"well then you'll have to go to the carousel to pick up your carry on\", thank god another agent basically said to ignore him. After we got the luggage we had to take a bus to the terminal, when I got to the terminal I knew we were cutting it close so myself and 2 other passengers ran to the gate where we were supposed to catch our flight to Honolulu. We ran up to the terminal and the agent said ( with great satisfaction) that we were too late, even though it was 10 minutes before our flight was supposed to leave. Why United scheduled our flights with no time to get to our connecting flights does not make any sense. Our flight was on time to our connecting flight but we had to take a shuttle and the gates were pretty far apart, we landed at 7:10 and our connecting flight boarded at 7:10! There was no possible way to make that flight. They put me on another flight but tried to give me economy class instead of the first class I paid for. I called the 800 number and they were absolutely no help, the agents in the airport rescheduled me on a different first class flight. The flight to LA the plane was nice, the food was great and the stewardess was awesome but from LA to Hawaii the first class plane was lousy, no tv's in the headrests and not much more leg room then economy class. Because of their mistake I've lost a day of my vacation and probably gained a few gray hairs. Bottom line, stay way from United, they don't have a clue."
"Verified Review | This was my first time flying and I was so excited. I wanted to take my whole family (parents, my sister, her husband, and my three children) on a great trip. I am a single mom and this trip was a long time coming. It took me a long time to save up to pay for this flight (for all 8 of us) and to pay for a place for us to stay. We get on the plane to Newark from Pittsburgh and we had to wait 30 mins because they didn't fuel the plane. Now maybe it's my ignorance but shouldn't that be done before the passengers get on the plane? Why have people waiting after all the crazy things you have to do to get through security check with 8 people. While we were on that plane they delayed our flight to San Juan from Newark four hrs. Now if I was by myself I wouldn't be complaining but with a family of 8 this was no walk in the park. But once again maybe it's my ignorance but the flight was delayed because they didn't have a working plane. This to me is just unacceptable. This is all without any other compensation other than meal vouchers. Partly my fault because I was to naive to think I needed insurance for such a trip. Silly me! After five hrs of idle sitting my children couldn't careless about eating. But that's not the end of this great vacation that turned into a complete nightmare. Our flight was delayed yet again. And we are still waiting! I'm so disappointed. Thank you United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Punta Cana to Pittsburgh via Newark. The worst. Unfortunately, my family and I were unable to get a direct flight from our vacation in Punta Cana to Pittsburgh, we had to fly through Newark, NJ. After a 4.5 hour flight with no in flight entertainment (broken direct tv) we dealt with several gate changes and 6 hours of continuous delays with little information. The service individuals gave no information or options for passengers to have a positive experience. Currently still delayed in Newark."
"Verified Review | Had to fly from a Raleigh NC to Newark NJ due to my son having emergency surgery, he then had complications and was placed in ICU. I called United and asked if I could delay our flight by one day to return home and explained why. She told me they had seats available on the next day flight but we would have to pay the same amount as our round trip tickets for our one way return. This is outrageous! We were not there for a holiday and wanted to stay additional days. No compassion, there are plenty of other airlines."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Melbourne, and it was the worst flight experience I've ever had. Our itinerary was cancelled without any notification for missing a flight in the itinerary. This resulted in a chaos for our travel plans and we had to spend over 2 hours on the phone with customer services. After speaking to various supervisors our flight was reinstated, but all our meal selections and seat selections disappeared. Our family had to sit in different spots and with my daughter who turned 13 mid-flight could not be seated with her whole family together. Our food selection was also not available and as a result our family had to survive without much food. What a pretty special way to celebrate a 13th birthday. As a dad I was quite ashamed to fly my family on United Airlines! Also United planes do not have privacy filters on the TV screens and all the screens are visible from everywhere. With the person sitting next to our daughter watching \"R\" rated content it was also very disturbing. All they need on your screens is a filter and only the person sitting on front of it can see the information on their display while people on either side only see a darkened screen."
"Verified Review | I am a frequent flyer in United Airlines travelling about twice a month. It's extremely disappointing that I have been forced to check my bag time and again in while boarding, even when there is space in yet cabin. It is ridiculous! How can the cabin crew not communicate accurately to the people at the gate? I travel on business and so that I can move fast I travel light carrying only a cabin bag so I can zip to my destination as soon as I deboard as opposed to waiting at the carousel. This defeats the purpose. It's absolutely frustrating. And on top of that the lady at the gate was not courteous either: United certainly seems to be excelling at their growing reputation of pathetic customer service and it keeps getting worse. I wish I had more options to switch flights, I would want to avoid United. I have been patient but to go through this time and again is awful."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Houston. This airline has continually declined. I used to only fly United because the service was great. On the flight over my mom and I were separated despite booking over 5 months in advance. The gate attendees in Houston were so rude. They made us get out of line and offered no help despite the embarrassment and inconvenienve. Coming back, our flight was delayed by more than 45 min. I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | I am very unsatisfied. Not one of my flights from San Francisco to Mobile return via Houston was on time. My flight back to obile was even more horrible. First they couldn't find an airplane, the lady at the boarding ramp at SFO was very rude and not willing to help and wouldn't tell me her name. After arriving to Houston, I got put on a flight scheduled to leave hours later and then got delayed again for aircraft maintenance! And again the staff was rude. This was my first flight with United Airlines and will probably be my last. I am scheduled to be at work at the hospital in 5hrs and I have not had sleep from being stuck out of state at airports."
"Verified Review | Houston to Frankfurt. I was a frequent flyer with Continental that was forced to go with United after the merge. Service is horrible at United from booking to flight to baggage handling. My mother died in January and I had the rudest service when I tried to make an emergency trip to go to the funeral. It cost me a fortune. I was bumped to the cheapest flight, foreign airlines, worst seat. They lost my baggage, could not upgrade. No understanding at all, everybody was so rude. It is impossible to fly with United, fee for everything, penalty for any change completely disgusting. The only reason we keep flying with them is because they have a monopoly on the Houston market."
"Verified Review | New York LaGuardia to Denver. Another poor experience with United. Shabby plane with very uncomfortable seats, tortoise like speed of service (why can Southwest serve drinks twice as fast?) and then the inevitable delays. Having been on 3 or 4 domestic flights this trip it seems at least part of United's problem is the endemic lack of capacity at key US airports like LGA. Every time delays taking off, delays finding a gate on arrival. All very frustrating. I thought the UK was bad at infrastructure with LHR running at 99.9% capacity but at least there are only delays there when there's a specific problem. At US airports it seems routine. All pretty unbelievable really - I ended up pining for the ruthless efficiency of easyJet and Ryanair back home which I never thought possible."
"Verified Review | Costa Rica to Boston via Houston with United. First my flight from Costa Rica to Houston is delayed 2 hours and 50 mins. Then slowly turns into a 7 hours delay. My connecting flight in Houston departs at 3:52. After telling the flight attendant I have a flight right after we board and begging to be let off early he tells me I'm not the only one. Then after my flights gets into Houston at 3 and I run through the entire airport, which is not small, and took a train. Go through customs, immigration, re-checking bags and all that. I finally see the gate at 3:42 and me and 2 other women watch them close the gate and tell us they gave our seats away. Even though we have 10 mins till departure. Staff at the gate wouldn't speak to us. The next flight is 5 hours later. No mention of anything being their fault. I will absolutely never travel United Airlines again."
"Verified Review | I have just had a very frustrating experience with United Airlines. I bought two tickets for NY, mine with $, my wife's with miles + dollars both using my United branded VISA card. I called and asked the record to be combined so that she would also get her first bag free and was told by the agent that this was accomplished. However, when I went to check-in tonight I discovered that this was not done. After an hour on hold, I spoke to a supervisor who told me that this couldn't be accomplished and that my wife would have to pay a fee for her first bag! The supervisor told me there was no way she could waive this fee. This seems like a bait and switch operation for both United and Chase VISA. A poor way to treat a frequent flyer and high dollar user of the United branded VISA card. One more example of why many people, now including me will try to avoid United."
"Verified Review | I fly to Ireland twice a year now and use either United or American. This is the first time I flew in a 767. I was most interested in the new United Polaris Business class. It may be different on the larger planes, however, on this aircraft the cabin was no different and was not new. The food from the new \"chef\" was the worst I've ever had in business class on any airline out of the 4 or 5 airlines I've traveled on in Business class. Having read the glorious PR about their new \"chef,\" I was really looking forward to the food. I wouldn't serve it in Economy and they ran out of the Chicken dish by the time they got to me. The fish (my reluctant second choice) was over cooked and dry. The green noodles were stuck together on the bottom where I assume they were overheated. On the flight from Palm Springs to Chicago, I was trapped in Economy since there was no business class on that plane. I sat in the 3rd row and the attendant announced they were out of the cheese plate and cheese burger to the row in front of me. I flew two days after the huge PR disaster, dragging a customer off the plane kicking and screaming. It seems that is not the only problem. This airline is not run well. When the poor attendant in Business class announced to me they were out of the chicken dish I ordered, I was a bit upset and she apologized and said it had been a rough couple of days. My other complaint is an ongoing problem that everyone I know is dealing with. They keep advertising their frequent flyer program but when you actually try to get a business class seat, it is impossible most of the time. As an exercise recently, I tried to get a seat for the rest of the year--8 months!--and there were two flights in those 8 months that I could get a business class seat flying from Palm Springs to Cork, Ireland, and of course that only applies to the long flight, not the two short flights on either end which must be economy. I tried last August to book Business class seats both ways on this current trip and there were no seats available on the return flight--though online it shows 27 available seats in Business class. I'll be using American from now on."
"Verified Review | Houston to Amsterdam with United. Flight attendants were in a rush to serve dinner on this 8 hour flight. No smiles - just get it served and get it picked up. Since I spent 250,000 if my hard earned points to fly business on my first trip to Europe since 1986 I was anticipating a bit of a happier mood throughout the business cabin. Also, this was the vaunted new Polaris class which in my opinion was far from great. At 6'4\" I should have been able to stretch out flat, but because of the shape of the pods that could not happen. The seat was also very uncomfortable. This was some of the worst food I have ever been served on United. Thank goodness our flight back was on Air Canada which was a wonderful experience. Rest assured my new travel card will be Bank of America and where I not only earn more millage than with my current Chase card but also will not be stuck flying United again."
"Verified Review | These 757-300s are over 15 years old and should not still be flying. If you are sitting in the back, expect it to take at least 15-20 minutes to deplane. The outbound (BOS-ORD) plane, N57870, had no TVs. It was just overall a dirty and run-down plane. The return (ORD-BOS) plane, N75858, did have TVs. When I'm on a plane that has TVs, I usually watch a movie on my iPad and turn the TV to the map channel. It took almost 20 minutes for me to find the map, then while we were something like 15th in line for takeoff (because that's just how things happen at O'Hare), the screen told me that my \"free preview\" of DirecTV was up and I had to pay to continue using the TV for anything, including the map. Shortly after takeoff, I opened the movie on my iPad and saw that I had forgotten to rent the movie I wanted to watch (and I admit that this was on me). I decided to watch a movie on the seatback TV and just pay the fee. However, they didn't seem to want my money even when I was desperately throwing it at them. The credit card reader didn't work no matter how many different ways I swiped my card. Eventually, I paid for an hour of free internet on my phone and transferred it to my iPad. The flight was halfway through at this point. I fly this route (BOS-ORD and back) several times a year to visit family. American Airlines is absolutely awful, and the most ironic thing is that we booked with United out of spite for American. Both American and United are horrible, so no matter how early in the morning their flights to Chicago are, JetBlue, here I come!"
"Verified Review | This was my first time traveling with United Airlines, however it was frustrating. I was travelling with my family from Los Angeles to Maui which was a 6 hour flight. The services from the check point to the flight attendant was very bad. There was not a friendly person in the flight crew. We had booked the ticket 10 months ago and had payed high price for it, but still got the worst seat when flighing to and fro. One time we were assigned the last row seat next to the toilet and when came back they give the seat next to exit by the wing. Both the seats could not be adjusted. I don't understand how they assign seat? I had self checked 24 hours go, but I still got the worst seat. After paying a high price ticket they wanted an other 75$ if I wanted a better seat. I have travelled in several airlines but United airlines is the worst. I won't recommend this flight to anyone."
"Verified Review | Returning home from a family trip to Santiago (Dominican Republic) to Newark, I became very angry because having chosen our 4 seats together at time of purchase like I always have, we were separated by 23 rows. Having a 2 year old daughter and a 6 year old son this is sad. On top of that sitting on the last row with my daughter, I sent my wife and son on row 15 two lunches with the flight attendant, which never got to them. Food was given to someone else. Got out of the plane after landing to find out that they had no food the whole flight. I don't think we will choose United Airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | It started not too bad with the lady at the check-in being friendlier than expected despite the check-in facilities being rather uninviting. Next was the surprise that there's no lounge access for First Class passengers unless you're a frequent traveler. Yes, first world problem but with service-oriented airlines that'd be a \"no go\". Everything from boarding to disembarking goes by \"not yelling is already friendly enough\". Old 757 aircraft (not unexpected with United). Inflight entertainment screens the size of my phone and no on demand program. The real disaster though was the general condition of the aircraft. It was filthy. My personal highlight was the tray table. This one has not been cleaned in a long time. Although the flight wasn't bumpy, the coffee came in a mug that was clearly spilled over, but hey, who cares. Seated in row 1 as well gave me the pleasure of a free foot bath as obviously either the galley or the bathroom on the other side of the wall had a leak. Luckily it was only water soaking the carpet, my bag and my shoes. Here as well just shrugging shoulders when I asked for help. I really travel a lot around the world but there's no other airline that every time manages to underwhelm. United is a disgrace for Star Alliance who normally offers a premium product (LH, TG, LX, SQ, OZ and so on). After several disappointments and the latest incidents neither me nor anyone of my colleagues will consider United again."
"Verified Review | So not helpful and illogical. Showing up at the Aspen terminal for a flight to LAX, there were low clouds/ground fog that prevented the incoming aircraft from landing. Certainly not United's fault. Thus, this plane - intended to carry us to LAX - was diverted to the nearby, out-of-the-weather airport in Grand Junction. Those passengers were then bused up to ASE. Our complaint is that our flight group wasn't offered a \"return\" trip on that bus down to where the plane was residing (and wound up spending the night on the tarmac) at Grand Junction Reg Airport. No, we were all told - in spite of the inclement weather with promise of more to come - to \"come back early tomorrow morning; that plane will surely be able to get in here for you.\" Doubting this, we nonetheless secured an (expensive) one night unplanned additional stay nearby, awoke at 3:30 am Sunday, and got a ride back down to the still socked-in airport. Our intended plane went ahead and left Grand Junction not to come get us (it couldn't), but to head off to parts unknown. The weather was such that no plane wasn't getting in and the bus, was long gone. The bus that could have easily transported our departing group down to the plane in its nearby diverted location the day before. Frustration with the United gate agents at ASE led us, and several others, to rent cars (no easy task with such a limited inventory available at a small airport), and drive one-way to Los Angeles. Thank you so much, Hertz! 14 hours and $500.00 later (between the +1 night and rental car), United was out of our hair. The United gate agents seemed quite genuinely to not care a wit about the departing passenger's situations and needs. United bused the newly arriving folks in from the \"detour airport\", allowing that bus to subsequently dead-head off to who knows where. Why the devil wouldn't they get us out of the weather-plagued ASE location (which closes at night - no sleeping at the airport here, fyi) down to the plane. Our plane. Just sitting there. Why indeed."
"Verified Review | Flew from Warsaw to Frankfurt with LOT Polish Airlines and then to San Diego with United, with a transfer in O'Hare. Generally not a very pleasant experience. The aircraft was old and you could feel it - seats were almost broken, my screen of the entertainment system was broken as well (it recognised touch on the right part of the screen but not on the left part). Also the headphones were broken. Cabin crew was very welcoming and friendly, on the other hand. As for food, it was not so great but I've eaten worse. We started-off late from Frankfurt and I was a little worried because my transfer in Chicago was tight so it was a huge relief when the captain informed us we landed on time in O'Hare. Too early! It turned out the airport didn't have a gate ready for us and we were standing 45 minutes on landing field. Then my transfer become really tight and I literally had to run through the entire O'Hare. Fortunately, the aircraft to San Diego was waiting for me as they knew flight from Frankfurt had issues with the gate. My baggage didn't make it on time to the San Diego flight but United sent it over to my hotel a day later. Overall, compared to Lufthansa with which I was returning, United was an average experience at best. It definitely isn't the worst airline in the world."
"Verified Review | Newark to London. My first impression when checking in the staff seemed friendly but pushed for time meaning the service was quickly over, although it was fast it came across rude when they would hurry me and my travelling friends along. When boarding the aircraft we were welcomed by a lovely set of crew that were happy to point us in the direction of our seats, I was confused as to why there were not any other crew members in the centre of the aircraft welcoming us, like on other airlines I have flown with, all the flight attendants seemed to be in the back galley chatting amongst each other. After takeoff the flight attendants started the service offering drinks, smiling didn't seem like an option for many of the crew I was confused as I noticed across the middle seating that the other crew members were bright and cheerful. The inflight meal was rather poor, I had two options one that I was told was pasta and the other chicken, that's about as much information that I was given so I chose the chicken - it was hardly chicken when there was about four smaller pieces of chicken inside and some bread and a side dish the cheese sauce was vile as it was getting cold by the time the cart had reached me. During the flight two medical emergencies came up with the group I was traveling with, the flight attendants were quick to react and made sure that both passengers where okay. They asked for any medical professionals to step forward and the matter was resolved within around an hour after departure when a travelling nurse was able to help. I think the inflight entertainment system was really great to occupy those who couldn't sleep. Before landing the flight attendants brought out breakfast, this was disappointing because there was so little."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Houston to Los Angeles. The United customer service has proven to be unfriendly. I have received better support from ex continental employees than those of United and they are getting harder to locate as the new hires take on the persona of the sardine flight company that overlooks all of its flights. In calling to try and find a set of seats that we could sit together the only seats that they could find were at row 37 where we were split between row 8 and 25 previously. They also then wanted over 100 dollars to upgrade one seat where I was offered nothing for moving backwards in seating. They also offer no support for the consumer nor do they recognize those that have traveled most of their adult life, if it were not for all of the continental lifetime miles I would chose an alternative airline company to fly and if Alaska Airlines had a better connection out of Houston it would probably be the best of those I have flown recently."
"Verified Review | Due to fly from Newark to Las Vegas. I have never been on a United flight that departed or arrived on time. The majority of United Airlines employees are rude and act as though we the customers should be grateful that we are allowed to be in their presence. Bags have been sent to different states, or sent to different baggage claim #, without telling us, then when we inquire, the answer is never polite or helpful. It is always rude and abrupt, like we are interrupting their day. The last time, my husband's bag was supposed to be at a certain carousel, he waited for over 45 minutes while an employee \"looked for it\", then a completely different employee brought it to him and said it was on a different carousel, #9 in fact, and \"didn't everyone know that carousal #9 is where to look for missing bags?\" There was even a woman behind him, with an infant in her arms, whose bag was sent to a different state altogether and was told she could either wait a few hours in the airport (the infant presumably) or it would be delivered to her the next day, but that she would have to be there at her home to sign for it. When she asked what time would it be delivered, they honestly said \"sometime.\" Seriously. The woman explained that she needed a more concrete timeframe, so the employee replied with \"sometime before 5 or 6 pm.\" I am now sitting in the airport, waiting on yet another delayed United flight, one that says the plane has been here since 5 am, and so we should be on-time, as our flight is scheduled to leave just before 10.30. Unfortunately, and rather not surprisingly, that plane is now being \"changed\" and my flight is \"at least 45 minutes delayed.\" United is hands down the worst airline, with the worst customer service - you can't even call someone - and certainly not worth the price. I will be paying extra in the future to just to avoid flying United. In fact, I just booked a Delta flight and paid $20 more for it and I feel so much better knowing I at least have a chance of having an nice experience and being treated well in the process."
"Verified Review | I booked 2 tickets from Los Cabos to Newark in Business class. Ten minutes before flight boarded I was notified that there was a broken seat 4B in business class and one person in my party needed to be bumped to coach. This seat was broken prior to leaving Newark to SJD. I should have been notified prior to going to the airport so I could have found alternative flights in business class. I should have even been told when I checked in at the airport. There should be better communications with passenger if they are going to get bumped and not tell them 10 minutes before boarding. Furthermore I thought it was proper for an airline to ask for volunteers for compensation and not just be bumped which never occurred. United Airlines customer service is horrible and have zero care or concerns for passengers and I fly every other week, always in business or first class. I will only fly Delta and American Airlines in the future. United Airlines repeated complete disregard for passengers is clearly apparent and I will never put myself in this situation again. As well as long flight with uncomfortable seats, no pillows or blankets."
"Unverified | Cancun to Chicago. Flight was overbooked! We had tickets but didn't get seats (all seats were taken). Purchased tickets several months in advance. Gate crew couldn't care less and had to put my wife on a later flight (2 hours later) while the rest of us (1 adult and 2 kids) had to travel separately. Had to arrange another transportation from the airport and be late for the planned event. Looks like consumer fraud, selling tickets for flight and not providing service. Will not fly United again!"
"Verified Review | New York to Baja. One of the worst airlines I ever flew with. Quality of a low cost carrier for a regular price. We were on a 6 hour international flight (to West Coast Mexico) and they didn't even offer a free meal. Only overpriced sandwiches to buy. And on our way back the only thing they offered for purchase was Pringles and some other chips. Unbelievable! Very uncomfortable, very little leg room, no screens on the back of the seat in front of you. They suggested that we download their app to have some entertainment on our own electronic devices, but didn't offer headphones! I felt like they were mocking us. The pilot told us there's free WiFi on board, but it wasn't there! No pillows, no blankets. Extremely slow service. We were in the back of the plane, they had only one group of flight attendants serving everyone, so we had to wait for two hours to get something to drink. Very unpleasant experience"
"Verified Review | Hartford to Pittsburgh. The absolute worst airline you can possibly try and take. Drove to the airport at 5 am just to tell me that the $600 seats I purchased were OS. They literally waited until I was boarding to inform me of this! How does that make any sense at all. If you don't have the tickets don't sell them. To top it off they tell me they're not sure if they will be able to refund them. 5 days later after I called highly upset they magically get refunded back to me. A week later I'm in a pinch and give them a chance to redeem themselves. Flight gets delayed which is fine but they told everyone it would be delayed 25 minutes. The flight left 1.5 hours later. Nobody on the flight could make their connecting flights and they offered nothing for us! The staff didn't even care that people were upset and now most likely had to sleep in DC they just continued to take their good Ole time with everything. Can't wait to land and see kind of BS they offer me for causing me to now miss work and my family tomorrow. If you have a choice between horseback and United Airlines choose horseback you'll get their faster and have the actual service you paid for. If I could leave them less than a star for everything I would."
"Unverified | Flew United Airlines from San Francisco to New Orleans. I paid $242.00 for economy plus, thinking that like other Airlines, the economy plus package would include priority boarding. It includes 6 inches of leg room and a beverage. $242 for 6 inches of leg room and a beverage. United is the worst, greediest airline I have flown, they nickle and dime you for every inch. I will never fly this airline again."
"Verified Review | Washington to Zurich in Premium Economy, Seat 28B, an exit row. I am not sure the extra price of more than USD219 is really justified. Okay, you have plenty of legroom but you should be aware that the proximity of the Economy cabin lavatories means that you will have people tumbling over your legs the whole night. Apart from that the seat is lacking any cushioning (maybe because it is so worn after 16 years of service) so it becomes a pain after a while. And then you need to accept that all that premium eco thing does not buy you any better food service that is - compared with other airlines - simply really poor. Not that it tastes bad but the amount of food you receive is simply poor. Imagine getting a croissant in the morning coming along with a micro-sized jam pack but no butter. Imagine asking for a glass of wine >and< a glass or water and you will only have the choice between one of the two. All in all pretty disappointing, will try to avoid them next time."
"Unverified | Denver to Spokane. This was one of the most miserable flights I've ever had. We selected a seat in the middle of the plane yet when we arrived they saw fit to place us on the last row. I'm 5'9\", my daughter is 5'11\", and my fiancé is 6'1\". We all had to turn sideways to fit. I could not reach my bag under the seat where I brought a magazine to read. Could not lower the tray table because it was too close. It was miserable!"
"Verified Review | Flew UA business class Boston to Beijing in September 2016. Outbound was via Chicago, with a short [<2hrs] connection via Chicago scheduled on return. Given that my return time to Boston had become critical, staff at ORD suggested paying fee [$450] to return via San Francisco the day prior, which I then did. Beijing to San Francisco leg was delayed departing, and arrived at SFO gate with 50 mins before scheduled SFO-BOS leg. I made it to gate but was informed that my itinerary [in First] had been switched, to a coach seat 4hrs later. At this point, UA were still offering first class seats for sale [including mine] on both the original SFO-BOS leg and also the later SFO-BOS flight.  This generated some amusement from the UA baggage handlers and gate staff which was at best disrespectful. After 30 days back and forth they refunded the class difference sum [$220 from a total of >$3400] but refused to refund change fees or offer explanation regarding selling on available seats [including mine] or offering a First class seat option [which I had paid for]. As a result, this was my last ever UA flight. I have flown BOS-PEK and BOS-LHR eight times since this incident with other carriers and have been rewarded with premium level service in the air and on the ground. It would seem that corporate greed trumps customer service even on business/first at UA so this makes it a non-starter for corporate travel where relationships and dependability matter the utmost."
"Verified Review | On my return flight from Charleston to Newark United told me that even though I purchased a ticket three months ago, they overbooked the flight and if no one agrees to book off I would be bumped off of my flight. That's what happened so instead of having a direct flight home arriving at 6pm I now had to make a connection in DC and get in at 11:30pm. If buying a ticket doesn't assure you of a seat, how can you ever be sure getting to your destination in a timely fashion?? Will avoid United whenever possible."
"Verified Review | This is a horrible experience. My mother-in-law travel with United from Denver to Shanghai via San Francisco. The flight was supposed to depart at 10:50AM. However, it delayed to 2PM due to mechanic issues. What is more annoying is that they postpone the flight by every half hour, meaning that they said it would delayed to 11:xx. When it was getting closer to the delayed time, they delay again to 12:xx. Again, when it was almost 12:xx, they delay it to 1:xx. Several times! The most annoying thing is that they didn't even know when it could fly, and they came to ask your decision, if you wanted to fly today, or tomorrow! OK, if it was myself, I could handle it. But the traveller was a 72-year-old, non-English speaker. Because of this delay, she missed her second flight from SFO to Shanghai. She definitely needed assistance in SFO, either logde into an hotel or some place for rest. When I call United's customer service (headquarter), they couldn't connect me to their branch in SFO. My mother-in-law had to find the United counter by herself. When I asked what to do with her checked-in luggages. They said my mother-in-law needed to picked it up from carousel and re-check it! Isn't it you messed up the trip. In the past 2 years, UA has delayed my flight for at least 3 out of 5 times for mechanic issues. My advice is: stay away from UA and save your time."
"Verified Review | Every time I fly United I am delayed. Better yet, my final destination to Dayton, Ohio was delayed hours and coincidentally a direct flight to Cleveland was boarding right next to my delayed flight. In order to make my meeting on time, flying to Cleveland would have enabled me to make that happen. United wouldn't allow me to change my flight unless I paid $300, even though the flight to Cleveland wasn't full. Absolutely ridiculous. When Southwest has delays they take care of their customers with no penalty. United is horrible."
"Verified Review | Columbus to Washington. Boarded the plane at 6:00 am, supposed to depart at 6:20, they had us sitting until 7:00 then told us to leave the plane for mechanical problem. No instructions were provided of what to do next, they didn't get another plane so passengers were scrambling to find an alternative on their own. Staff was rude, I asked to take me to a different destination to catch my international flight, they refused, I asked for my baggage and took them an hour to get it back. I asked for a refund of what I paid for the baggage they said they do not do refunds in the airport."
"Unverified | Washington to Zurich. Being a night flight, I was trying to upgrade to Business Class using Miles & More miles. As Star Alliance Gold holder, I was very surprised to learn, that United gives zero priority to Star Alliance members outside of their own MileagePlus program. There was no way I could be put onto the upgrade wait list, although I had an up-gradable Economy ticket (B-Ticket). It seems United only allows their own MileagePlus holders to be put on wait list. For me this was very frustrating, as there were a couple of people who were upgraded to Business on the subjected flight. I honestly don't understand why United is even a member of Star Alliance if they don't treat all Star Alliance program holders equally. On top of that, the quality of service is mediocre and I cannot recommend United as carrier."
"Verified Review | I will never choose to fly United Airlines again. Just plain stupid that they would book such a small, uncomfortable plane for such a long flight (Maui to Los Angeles). Seats are ridiculously narrow with no leg room, air vents barely blew out any cool air. Oh yes, and they so generously served us a tiny packet of mixed pretzel / nuts for a 5-hour flight. This airline is cheap and not customer-service oriented. The outgoing flight was not any better. WiFi plugs did not work and no TV screens on such a long, boring flight. Flight attendants seemed put-out at the slightest request. I'm really dreading the last leg of this flight."
"Verified Review | Two nights in a row, March 1st/2nd United Airlines cancelled our 6:00 AM flight from Burlington to connect in Newark to an 8:40 AM flight to Santo Domingo because of \"crew issues\". On the second night we rented a car in Burlington and drove to Newark to make the 8:40 flight. The price of the rental and the loss of our first night's missed lodging in Santo Domingo was over $300. United reimbursed us $175 total for our two tickets on the the Burlington to Newark leg and offered 2 x $150 flight vouchers (which, after a minimum $15/ticket ticket servicing fee reduced the value to at best $135 each). The hassle, aggravation and lost vacation time were truly a disappointment. United's recompense was minimal. I've been a United mileage plus member for years. I've used my Chase Mileage Plus Visa card as my primary credit card. No longer. United, you've lost a customer."
"Verified Review | They forgot our bags in Houston. We were connecting in Monterrey to Hermosillo. My review is for their staff at the Monterrey airport. Since it was an international flight, we need to pass our bags for customs. We asked for help at Monterrey airport and their staff were lying. We were told our bags will be at our final destination. Once we arrived to Hemrosillo, we found out they forgot our bags in Houston. I understand accidents happen but do not lie to your clients."
"Verified Review | Beijing to San Francisco. The airplane was an old Boeing 747 not adapted to new onboard entertainment technology so you had just two options: you could either try to follow a movie through one of those old screens that was just a meter away to the left from my seat or you could watched though your laptop. Unfortunately, they forgot to tell that you needed to download a plug in prior to board so the option was useless. You had an additional option: purchasing wifi to download it. I did it, but the plug in never worked and no-one seemed to know how to fix it, of course. So I spent my flight watching FB (of course, when you leave China). The flight was packed with Chinese families that don't seem eager to educate their children to live with other people. I had to ask for help because a child was yelling and playing with his father endlessly. The hostess was successful in stoping the yelling but couldn't avoid the family speaking all the way to San Francisco. The food is the traditional bad United food, so don't waste your time expecting something better."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Aguadilla to Newark. Worst experience ever. Coming in there was no air conditioning, I literally roasted four hours. Coming back I thought I would miss my flight. The site said my flight left at 3am. I got to the airport at 1.15am, the attendant told me my flight was boarding because it was to leave at 2am so I ran so I wouldn't miss my flight to be told it was delayed to 4am. They are disorganized and have let things slide. I hope I never have to use them again."
"Verified Review | Burlington to Chicago. My family of 4 got involuntarily kicked off due to \"weight restriction\" of the flight. Since no one volunteered, we got chosen because of our \"ticket class\". So at 530pm at night with no alternative in sight, United Airlines decided to kick off a 7 year old and 13 year old due to weight restricted flight. When we got to our connecting city, Newark, person in customer service at first refused to give us the hotel voucher because he didn't want to listen to the story and promises united made in Vermont. He didn't listen until my husband came over to have the conversation."
"Verified Review | United Airlines San Francisco to Singapore flight was run by a very senior Continental crew with a flight time of 16.5 hours. I was given access to the United First Class lounge which was located closer to the boarding area of the flight. The Business Class section was 2x2x2 seating, causing window passengers to cross over their seat mates. The service was excellent and the food and wines were good, however, I did not get my first choice, fish. So much for ordering the white wine and ending up with beef. My main complaint was that the fasten seatbelt sign came on at least 12 times during the flight and it was a smooth flight. Several times one little bump would cause the fasten seatbelt sign to appear, which would trigger the recorded announcement, \"Ladies and gentlemen, the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign. For your safety and for those around you, please return to your seat and fasten your seatbelt.\" A flight attendant would then do the message in Chinese. The television monitors (many which were turned off) would all turn back on and with a bright white background with the message a special announcement is in progress. This certainly lit up the entire cabin. I would strongly recommend that if you fly on United's 787 aircraft, you bring good earplugs and eye shades. In short, United is not a good airline if you want to sleep on the flight. This was a smooth flight and the flight attendants were never asked to sit down but I was woke up many times during the flight. Singapore Airlines does this same flight using an A350, which offers more room in economy and 1x2x1 seating in Business Class."
"Unverified | Punta Cana to Newark. Worst airline ever! They canceled our 3rd March flight at 10:00pm due to not having a pilot (due to reaching their max hours for the day) after we were already boarded. The flight was already delayed to top it off. The reps at the airport were rude and refused to help. I called the United customer service number and they hung up on me. Finally after getting someone on the line supposedly the only flight they had was for us to leave at 3 in the afternoon on 4 March with getting us to Des Moines after 9 PM! As one gentleman (who was on a different flight but his flight got canceled for the same reason) put it \"They had all damn day to crunch the damn numbers\" and at 10 PM they figured this out. On top of this we got no hotel! We had to sleep in the airport. They had us running all over the airport to talk to their reps and fetch our luggage. In the end Delta had a flight that left Newark today at 6:55am est and had us home at 9:30am Cst. It was very frustrating to be treated like we are nothing and then got a flight with Delta and were treated very well."
"Verified Review | Houston to Santa Barbara via Denver. United Airlines is a disaster and has been for years. On time departures are unheard of. Very poor systems and customer service. I would love to say that I would never fly on them again, but due to the monopoly they have to most destinations in the country this is not a realistic option. I am literally in United Hell, with no end in sight. Avoid this airline at all costs if possible."
"Unverified | Chicago O'Hare to Saginaw. What an awful travel experience. Our first United flight out of Chicago we had to deboard due to mechanical errors and missed our connection, we lost a day of our vacation and we're compensated nothing but a meal voucher and hotel room for the night. On our return through Chicago we boarded the plane and waited, again due to mechanical errors. We sat on the plane for another 50 minutes before being told to deplane. All these mechanical errors definitely make me very uncomfortable with the safety of this airline. I will never fly United Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Houston to Belize. Absolutely the worst customer service I've ever seen. If you can avoid this airline please do at all costs. The people working in the kiosk check in areas are the most rude, unhelpful people on this planet of ours. I don't know where United finds these staff, but they are the most incompetent I have ever dealt with. I fly very often for business and I must say of all the airlines I deal with United is, without a doubt, the absolute worst."
"Verified Review | Aspen to New York via Denver. A family of 4 we were scheduled to leave Aspen airport 26th February at 7am. 5.5 hours before leaving, the flight was reported to leave on time. We arrived to the airport, checked in only 6 am at the gate we get to know plane is delayed till 9:30. We were lied that they had no crew but the plane is here. Its only an hour later we get to know the real story that plane never landed night before in Aspen and went to Grand Junction and now will arrive to Aspen for 7 am flight. None of that was reported on United website or app until 7 am and we had to wake up little kids at 4am and sit for hours in the airport not to mention missing the connection etc. What a disappointing way to treat customers!"
"Verified Review | Houston to Miami. Horrible smells through the plane. A simple air wick will make all the difference in this plane. Literally it smells rotten this flight. The flight was also overbooked. Better to pay a little more money and avoid united airlines. When trying to get carry on bag into the plane, was informed by an operator that the cabins where full and had to a check the bag for 35$ which I paid gladly, but once I smelled this plane all my patience went to hell. Never flying United again."
"Verified Review | Tampa to San José del Cabo via Houston. Never had such consecutive horrible flights with one company! Left 3 hours late from Tampa because of maintenance issues. Missed our connecting flight to Cabo and had to fly to Mexico City to board this Aeromexico flight and have mechanical issues and delayed again. It will be an extra 10 hours of being in airports - they made it seem like they were really doing us a favor by offering a hotel room if they couldn't find a new flight. But instead they gave the two of us $20 in food vouchers in case we got hungry. That seems like a great tradeoff for an all inclusive day at a resort where we were suppose to be, with my husbands customers! I can understand when weather causes isssues, but both of these were mechanical issues with the plane."
"Unverified | Denver to Atlanta. United Airlines does not care about customer service. I arrived early to Denver and there was an earlier flight to Atlanta. I had no luggage, there was an earlier flight with open seats. For a couple of keystrokes and $75 I could go on the earlier flight. This change would have made me happy and most likely someone would have been happy to take my spot on the later flight. This would have been win-win win with United being the hero. Now you are defined by your greed. I hope the loss of my goodwill and many others was worth the $75 you did not get."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Denver. United Airlines, tighten up on your service. We couldn't take off for 20 minutes because of equipment failure - understandable. We landed and spent 30 minutes trying to find a gate. Almost like they were surprised we showed up. Then we couldn't make it to our gate on time because they failed to notify the next gate because it 'arrived on time', which clearly it didn't. We arrived 5 minutes before our gate, they close it 10 minutes prior. But no worries, it's actually better business that they do these kinds of things."
"Unverified | Geneva to Denver. Absolutely horrible. We flew United for an eight hour international flight to our home in Colorado. Seat cushion was not attached properly and was horribly uncomfortable. Seats were far too close together (compared with Air Canada and others) and uncomfortable. Seat screen malfunctioning (both seats in the row). Staff was unfriendly (presumably because of the unhappy passengers and poor quality of aircraft). Such a disgraceful airline. Clearly United doesn't care because this is just one of many poor reviews and the custom satisfaction rating is quite low. Choose another airline for a long flight."
"Verified Review | United Airlines canceled the flight from Newark to Burlington because of aircraft mechanical problems. There are no more flights on any airline from Newark or La Guardia for 3 days. They refused to give a voucher for a rental car or a hotel. Instead gave us 20 dollars of food vouchers to use while we wait for a bus to be arranged. But no specific time or actual promise of this bus ever appearing. The food voucher is worthless as well because it's the middle of the night and nothing is open here. Also, after canceling several flights for random reasons they only had 4 people working the customer service counter and two of them got up and left while there was about 60 people waiting in line. Complete lack of common sense or caring about people."
"Verified Review | Washington Dulles to Hartford and a terrible experience! United Airlines totally screwed up flights, refused vouchers, and bumped other passengers for a whole day due to broken seats. United Airlines used to be a great airline, now it is the worst ever. Best to look at another airline before you subject yourself to this carrier."
"Verified Review | The flight attendants were rude and too busy socializing with each other to notices the guests. I had to try 9 seat power outlets around me to finally find one that worked that I could charge my phone on. I bought an hour of internet for $8 and it worked for maybe 20 minutes. I flew from Chicago to Honolulu (9 hours) and they only gave us a cookie. Will not be flying United Airlines again."
"Verified Review | My experience with United Airlines has been very poor. My flight was a 32hrs trip from Panama to Singapore with a transit at Houston and an ther transit at San Francisco. My partner and I couldn't get a seat next to each other except if we had paid extra for it. There was no food and no TV in the first two flights. In Houston we had only one hour and half transit, but we had to get our luggage, pass the immigration and get in again. It's been very stressful in 1h30 to do that. We arrive at the gate just on time before they close, and the company was giving / selling our place to other people! Lucky we get there on time because they would not have waited for us! Service was poor and we finally got food on the last flight San Francisco to Singapore. The food was pretty bad. When we arrive in Singapore we tryed to get cash out, and we couldn't because we've got charged twice on our account!"
"Verified Review | Washington to London Heathrow. A tatty and quite disgraceful ancient Boeing 757 for this transatlantic flight reminded me how far behind most of the world the US airlines are nowadays. Doesn't look like things will improve for either in the mid-term! I stuck with them for Star Alliance purposes, having flown out with Lufthansa - but what a big mistake. Staff at Dulles airport were brusque (if I'm honest they were just damn rude), boarding was very poor. Onboard, all I wanted was for the flight to end. A slop of a meal was served, but the worst part was gum chewing cabin staff who looked unbelievably scruffy, and 3 of them were literally bursting out of their uniforms everywhere. I love my trips to the USA and being there, but wow their airlines are stuck somewhere in the last century."
"Verified Review | United Airlines is the worst airline I have experienced. We were on a connecting flight Cancun to LAX to Melbourne. Arriving in LAX we collected our luggage to re check in, to then be told you have to now fly to Sydney because you will not make the Melbourne flight. The Sydney flight was 10 minutes later then the Melbourne one! We then had to sprint to the other side of the airport with all of our luggage. Thankfully we are capable of running as there would be no way less able, families or elderly would have got there in time! The Sydney flight was waiting for us, we boarded. My husband was at the front of the plane and I was right at the back. I had been a signed a seat that was already taken 39E (written on my boarding pass) I approached the hostess to ask for some direction/ help, which to then I seemed to be a bother to her. I was then told that I was wrong and my seat is 40E. This seat was already taken as well! I was then finally given an empty seat.. Throughout the flight the hostesses were rude, very unprofessional and made you feel like you were a nuisance. The older hostess bumped into me with her trolley and huffed like it was the worst thing ever. They all talk and giggle in the back like it's a teenage house party, chew gum, their hair is a mess and their attitudes are disgusting. I felt so sorry for the one brillant hostess, she's holding them all up! For over 14 hours this is the last thing you want. I have not one nice to thing say about United, they ran out of eggs- no apologies. Just slammed down some pancakes with a sausage. And don't get me started on the bathrooms."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Sydney on Boeing 787. As one of the newer aircraft to United Airlines fleet I had expected a lot better than this. Seats are well below comfort standards of most Asian airlines, and whilst I had experienced some reasonable serviced in a couple of United domestic flights, the flight attendants on this route were simply abysmal. When they were visible in the cabin they seemed to spend their time smirking and chatting to each other and customers were second priority. It was like watching children misbehave and just embarrassing. On the one hand their profits shoot up, but what customers get is terrible. I don't understand why US travellers stay loyal to such a faded, out of date and poor airline, but guess it's all about flyer points. Food was passable, IFE was quite good, but the bad service overshadowed all of this - never, ever again with United."
"Verified Review | This was the first and last time I ever travel with United Airlines, and will advise others not to travel with this airline. We have always traveled with Qantas and United you have a lot of catching up to do. Flight attendants were rude and unhelpful, the female attendants grooming was appalling, and food was the worst I have ever had on a flight. The staff were too busy playing on IPads rather than attend a passenger in need. The seat did not go back on a 16 hour flight and the volume on the tv did not work."
"Verified Review | Amsterdam to Newark. We boarded, they kept us for 2 hours sitting in the aircraft without pulling away from the terminal, due to a leaking oxygen bottle in the cockpit. Then they made us offboard the plane for 2 more hours, so in total 4 hours delay. United Airlines generously gave us a voucher for 2.5 euros, yes, 2.5 Euros. Coffee at Amsterdam airport starts at 2.80 euros. Worst airline and service I ever saw, this seems to be a trend in airlines from the US flying from Europe to the US, planes and service are far from our EU airlines."
"Verified Review | Newark to Fort Lauderdale. I fly about 150000 miles a year on United with well over a total of one million miles flown. I belong to their 1K frequent flyers. Among my many United flights I have randomly picked this one as an example. The airline has gone through many rough patches over the last couple of years. Poor management has led to very poor performance by the company as a whole. Unmotivated front-line employees, unresponsive customer service agents, older dirty planes remain a hallmark of United. Recently, the company has revamped their lagging international business class but the nicer pillows and blankets are not enough to cover up the many other deficiencies. The flight discribed here was a case in point: tired flight attendants, delays, lost luggage, helpless customer service agents lying about measures taken. This flight had all of the catastrophes that I have come to expect from United Airlines. Many people and United employees were hoping that a new CEO could turn things around. It didn't happen and in fact United continues on a downward spiral with no end in sight. I'm sorry to say that I can only confirm the many terrible reviews here on Skytrax ."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Kahului. We boarded what appeared to be a new plane, and prepared for our 9 hour flight. There were no televisions to be found on this flight to Hawaii, instead they want you to purchase their wi-fi. In addition they got passenger's seats wrong, families were broken up for family vacations and couples were split up who were on their honeymoon (us). No compassion, no staff attempted to right their wrong when we clearly picked our seats together before. Instead they left the scrambling passengers to swap seats, shuffling around attempting to get families and couples together. What a wonderful way to begin our honeymoon. Needless to say we will never fly United again. They clearly do not care about their passengers. Really no TVs on a 9 hour flight?! What a wonderful start to our honeymoon as I can barely see my new husband 6 rows in front of me."
"Verified Review | Orlando to San Francisco via Fort Lauderdale. They have probably the worst customer service possible. After talking to their refund department several times and being assured that I had a $212.10 credit for my ticket, when I called to make an new reservation with my ticket (please note that I cancelled my reservation a month and a half before the flight), they informed me that I was going to be charged a $200 ticket change fee, a fee that I was not informed of by the three refund department people I spoke to. What kind of refund customer service wouldn't tell you that they charge a $200 refund ticket change fee when the ticket is only $212.10 dollars. After talking for a long time to their customer service, I gave up, and am no longer going to use United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Flew for work from Los Angeles to McAllen via Houston. United Airlines did not give an excuse why the plane was late from the bay area to LA. That delay made me miss my connecting flight to McAllen. During this my luggage did not meet me at my final destination. Once my luggage arrived at my hotel it was broken. They tried to fix the problem but I still had to pay for new luggage. The return flight was worse - delay after delay and they had planes leaving to LAX. This airline needs to get their stuff straight. I will make sure not to fly United again."
"Verified Review | Yesterday I traveled from Barcelona to Newark and was supposed to fly onto Austin. Once we landed in Newark, I saw that our Austin flight was cancelled. I am here to complain about the level of service that they gave to try to get rebooked. Once someone's flight is cancelled, there should be appropriate staff to handle the volume. Every representative was rude, as if it is my fault my flight was cancelled. We were all treated like a nuisance. After going through customs, I was halfway directed to the customer service line. It was downstairs, so I tried to use the escalator across the way to go down with my huge international bag. An agent screamed at us that we could use the escalator right in front of us, to not use that one and clog it up. Well we told her the escalator is broken and we can't use it. She didn't care. For some reason we could not use use the escalator that everyone else 50m away was using. I am 7 months pregnant and carried my huge bag down those stairs. I unfortunately pulled a muscle in my stomach, I should have used it anyway but I didn't. She still did not care. We then found the line. 100s of people were in it with two agents to help. We waited for over 4 hours. I got sick from not eating or drinking and being pregnant, but if I got out of line, I would have to start over. 30 minutes later the two agents tell us \"well we are off now, you guys have to call. Bye.\" They left us. A man yelled \"I've been on hold with them for an hour and a half already!\" Most of us in tears from being there so long. I was there 4.5 hours, I don't know how long the people in the front were there. Unfortunately my phone was stolen in Spain, so I had no way to call. Simply stuck with no way to rebook. I finally found another flyer who let me borrow their phone. I understand cancelled flights, but you need to take care of your paying customers. I have never been treated that way. I am very upset, even today."
"Verified Review | Newark to Miami. It was snowing all day in New Jersey, and I called to confirm whether my flight to MIA was delayed or cancelled and I was told it was not. I get to the airport and they delay my 8:50 pm flight about 6 times, to the point where it's 1 AM. They tell everyone the flight is cancelled because they cannot find a pilot. On top of randomly canceling the flight after the many delayed, they do not bother to accommodate us with a voucher for a taxi back home or a hotel. They just simply said to call the airline and book another flight. Not to mention how rude and unprofessional one of the ladies at the gate was. When I asked her for information on booking the next flight she gave me an attitude and didn't even answer my question. When I called their customer service phone number and spoke to a supervisor he as well spoke to me in a very unprofessional manner and seemed very careless to hear anything of what I had to say. He didn't bother finding me any sort of accommodation either. It was so unfair that I had to drive to the airport in the terrible weather, to 5 hours later be told the flight is cancelled. And then that I had to pay for my own transportation back home. There were so many angry customers because everyone was pretty much stuck st the airport and United Airlines refused to help! Terrible experience and I will never fly with them again."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Chicago. First, we were late for takeoff by approximately 30 minutes, just sitting at the gate. While this isn't usually a big deal, someone came on the speaker and said \"I'm really not sure why we haven't been cleared yet.\" Really? Then why bother making the announcement? This lack of explanation was more concerning to myself and those was around me than saying nothing at all would have been. The seats were so close together, and I'm only 5'2\" and 110lbs. This airline offers no snack options for individuals with Celiac's disease/gluten intolerance. Instead of giving passengers options from the cart, one flight attendant was giving everyone small blue bags of some sort of trail mix. The flight attendant had a cart full of snacks he could have been offering. When I asked if he had any gluten free options, he said \"I can't tell you if it's gluten free but you can look in the menu and try to buy something.\" He couldn't be bothered with telling me the other options he had in his cart. When I looked at the menu the only completely gluten free option offered was a small bag of popcorn that costs almost $6. I asked the other flight attendant if there were any snacks like bananas, \"kind\" trailmix bars, or baked potato chips in the front of the plane. Her response was \"I don't know but the snacks for up front are you know, for up front.\" So instead of sacrificing one snack item from the front of the plane that probably costs less than a dollar in actuality, both attendants left me with no food for the duration of the flight. I flew with Delta last week and they were much more accommodating and pleasant. While they did not have gluten free snacks in economy either, the attendants did manage to find a banana and a \"kind\" bar for me in \"the front\" of the plane, after I only mentioned my gluten intolerance to them once. In comparison, Deltas entertainment system is also far more superior to United's. The only positive thing I can say about this trip with United is that my neighbor (after buying an hour of wifi for $8) did mention that the wifi connection was good. I've never had wifi connectivity issues on any plane though, so I'm not sure this says much."
"Verified Review | Awful experience - that pretty much sums up a seemingly amazing trip turned upside down when my flight was delayed. It all started with a simple 30 minute delay, which then crumbled into a mess. The original time was 6.40 pm and that time was delayed three times. After the third time they delayed it for good, meaning United delayed the flight for 13 hours. If that was not an inconvenience I do not really know what is. Not to mention that I was also relying on a connection flight that I also missed because of the unclear reasons given. United did me a \"favor\" by booking me another connection flight with a 7 hour layover. I needed to be home that day but instead I get to waste 7 hours of my day in an airport. What makes this even worse is the fact that they did not compensate any of the passengers on the plane. Fast forward and it's the next morning. You get up at 5 am and drive to the airport and get on the plane. The plane arrives at an airport where your connection is. Time is getting closer to the departure time and then it happens. The flight is delayed once again. This time it's for 3 hours (keep in mind I needed to be home a whole day ago). Now they apologize and say they can't do anything about it. This is probably the worst airline out there. United does not care about its passengers nor compensating the people they mess around."
"Verified Review | Very displeased with United Airlines. Our flight from Omaha to San Francisco was scheduled to leave at 7.30am this morning. At 7.30am no one had started boarding and no one announced anything over the speakers. The screens still said the flight was on time. The delay time changed on the screen every hour, pushing the flight time further into the day. I am traveling with my cousin and the only way we found out about the delays were through automated text messages sent to her phone. No one announced anything over the speakers to us while we waited at the gate. I am fine with a delayed flight, but it's been 8 hours. When we tried to ask about what was going on with our flight, the woman at the desk avoided all eye contact and walked away. We didn't see her again. We went downstairs to the main desk and asked about other flying options and the woman at this desk said we didn't have any other options. We hopped on the website afterwards and figured out we could change it ourselves. Very poor customer service. These workers don't seem too concerned about answering any of our questions. Our flight was delayed so many times due to \"maintenance issues\" eventually they gave up and switched planes. The plane we are now on is apparently having problems too. We are all sitting on the plane waiting to take off after waiting for this flight. At least the flight attendants and the captain are nice."
"Verified Review | Grand Rapids to Denver. Terrible airline, more times than not they are delayed by not only mins but hours when weather is perfect. One of my last choices. Air travel is good but don't expect to make your layover connection. I just not travel this airline when no other options for times due to work conflicts are available"
"Verified Review | Newark to Edinburgh. This flight was a disgrace. We arrived at the airport and the ground crew who accepted our luggage was as unhelfpul and impolite. Our luggage was one kilo to heavy and the guy was making a big scene out of it, afterwards we just through a towel away and he was happy. The flight was horrible. I booked my flight on the lufthansa homepage, and if I would have known that I'm flying with United I would have never booked it. Just a brief look at the Skytrax rating showed me what I should expect and the reality is even worse. The entertainment system was broken, my front seat pocket was ripped, one toilet was out of order so lots of waiting people standing next to me during the flight. The toilet was filthy when I used it and the toilet seat was broken. This was just a horrible, terrible flight not worth a penny."
"Verified Review | Newark to Minneapolis. I will never purchase a flight from United Airlines again. The overall experience honestly couldn't have been worse. I am an eternal optimist and frequent traveler, so it is very uncharictaristic of me to complain about travel experiences. Sadly, United Airlines has been a collasal disappointment. In one trip they have managed to delay flights for over 24 hours on the front end, lose luggage and currently delayed returning flights for 3 hours. Their customer service workers are incredibly rude and not helpful. I am honestly amazed that this company is still in business based on their poor customer service and apparent inability to run an efficient operation. Avoid this airline at all cost."
"Verified Review | New York La Guardia to Vancouver via Chicago. The New York to Chicago flight was nice trip and bumpy so service was suspended for safety reasons. Chicago to Vancouver a nasty air crew looking to upset customers. We sat in the third row or first of premium economy. We were ordered shortly after take off not to congregate or line up for toilets in the rear. Since we were up front making it to the toilet without anyone getting in front of you was impossible. Due to this fact I did not drink on aircraft as at 65 it can be painful to wait. We were offered no food as promised for our two hungry boys. They did get a third of a can of Sprite as this was their second long flight they asked for another drink of Sprite. They were refused. My wife asked for water instead politely. I asked for the purser to request an additional sprite as United advertises complimentary beverages. He did deliver. I thanked him profusely but now I was unbeknownst to me a marked man. I sat quietly until I was in dire need of a toilet. There were eight people in first class all sitting comfortably so I quickly used the front toilet. You would think I had threatened the aircraft. When I exited I was berated and demeaned by that same purser and ordered back to my seat. Where else I would go at 36,000 feet in the air was a mystery to me. I complied without incident. I did tell him quietly before landing he was a rude man for embarrassing me for using a toilet. On arrival the pilot came bounding out of the cockpit and had requested security at the gate. A toilet offense had apparently endangered the aircraft in some ridiculous fashion. He proceeded to lie about me talking to staff which had not happened. I was accused of blocking the aisle which had not happened. The security personnel dismissed the incident and we all went home. United is not passenger friendly and rather than attack or correct complaints they attack the complainer."
"Flight #5953 - Kansas City snow storm of Dec. 17th. Flight was to depart at 5:22 pm. Delay, delay, delay then cancelled shortly before 8:00 pm. The lines of people at the gates were long and moving very slowly as people were trying to get other flights and airlines arrangements. At 8 pm an announcement that the agents at the gates had to leave for the day, as they had completed their shifts.....all hell broke loose as people began running from the lines out to the ticket counters in the terminal to be closer to the front of the long line. There was about 200 people in line for one agent. Other airline's planes were leaving, but not United's. It was communicated to the passengers that the one de-icing truck United had for Kansas City had broken a line and was inoperable. So, without de-icing, no flying. A neighboring airline had 4 de-icing trucks, however, three of those were broken so United couldn't borrow one. Really, in Kansas City, no contingent plan for snow other than one truck. Waiting in a line that wasn't moving, called customer service to reissue tickets on a different flight. We were told no planes were going to fly out the next day, Sunday, but they could get us on a Monday morning flight. The employee lied to get us off the phone and move on to someone else, by just scheduling us on an easy flight without having to do research of flights that would get us home sooner. However, we took the scheduling and headed to the bank of hotels to find a place for two nights. At the hotel we did our own rescheduling and found a flight for Sunday on another airline, American and Mesa through Phoenix, AZ, at 5:50 pm. These also, were delayed and finally left KC, MO at 8 pm. United's service is very poor, we did not get our upgraded seats we paid for, nor have they offered when we asked for compensation. The professionalism is lacking and not being prepared for in climate weather is absurd. There is so much more to tell of this terrible trip due to United, but don't we all?"
"Verified Review | Houston to Nashville. Was rebooked and had to pay for my own hotel room when United Airlines made us miss our connection from Houston to Nashville, when the flight from Cabo arrived late. Now, sitting at the gate once again with \"paperwork\" issues (according to the pilot) on the rebooked flight. It's 20 minutes past the time the flight was supposed to take off. Of course, it's United. Will never take them again."
"Verified Review | Flew LAX to San Antonio. Just minutes before boarding a 7.15 pm flight, we were informed that the captain was not there due to a misunderstanding of departure time. Further delays occurred due to lack of an open gate. 7.10 pm has now become 8.45 pm. I will do everything possible to avoid United Airlines in the future."
"Verified Review | I boarded United Airlines flight UA 83 on my trip back to Newark from Delhi. They had a full house but the service was pathetic. The flight charging points were not working, headphones were not working. They had a deficit of non veg meals and forced passengers to go for the vegeterian options. The flight crew was unattentive to the customer requests and were tough to catch. They even refused to provide drinking water and said the supply was over for economy class passengers just prior to the landing in Newark. The meal choices were limited and compared to Middle East carriers was nothing. When I spoke with the manager, he said that he is sorry for the state of things but could not help or compensate in anyway."
"Verified Review | Vancouver to Denver. I wouldn't fly with United Airlines again. The service is bad and they just don't care about you. We wanted to get seats together, but that was impossible. They did not even try to ask the other passengers. We made a mistake with 1 letter of one of our last names and it was such a big deal to change it. It took the staff just 2 minutes to get it fixed but the drama they made. In business class you are not able to lie down. The food is okay - eggs and sausages, however not even a normal toast with it."
"Washington IAD to San Francisco with United Airlines. Despite my best efforts, my seat screen and remote control did not work. Finally, the staff reset the whole business but I was disappointed to pay $7.95 only to learn only a few very old movies were available, along with television shows replete with commercials. No thank you, United."
"Verified Review | Sint Maarten to Toronto via Washington. Upon arrival at SXM, we were told our 4:25pm flight was pushed back to 8pm due to late arrival of the aircraft. Understandable, considering the terrible weather throughout the US. After departure was delayed until 9pm, we were informed that the flight was canceled. Why? Depended on whom you asked: the crew was over their service limit; Customs in SXM wasn't willing to stay later to accommodate passengers; or The airline hasn't told us why. Passengers were told to find their own hotel accommodations overnight and to report for check-in at 7am. Upon returning to the airport in the morning, there were a couple hundred people in line and no United staff at the check-in counter. When they finally arrived, we were told that their systems were down. As they dithered over whether to check in people manually, our departure time was constantly pushed back. Crowd control at check-in was handled by other passengers. Check-in staff was surly. Departure was just after 1pm, which put us on the ground at IAD just after 4pm. As we deplaned, we went through the transfer channel as we were told only to find out that because of the manual check-in at SXM, our bags were only tagged as far as IAD. That meant our baggage was sent to another terminal. We had to wait an hour to be reunited with our stuff so we could re-check for the trip to YYZ at 10:20pm. But then around 9, we heard of another delay due to the late arrival of the aircraft from STL because of mechanical problems. We finally got off the ground at about 2am. When we arrived, we were parked at a remote stand far from the terminal. No bus arrived to transport us, so we had to brave through -20 weather in the snow. No apologies. No compensation. Nothing."
"Verified Review | Flight from Buffalo to Newark delayed due to air traffuc control. Attendant in Buffalo said not to worry about connection because there were a lot of people connecting with me. Got to Newark, missed connection. Supervisor was rude. United would not pay for food, taxi or hotel. I slept on the airport floor. Then they flew me to San Juan instead of Aguadilla. I had to rent another car to drive 4 hrs to my destination. I also lost 1 day on my hotel, rental car and vacation. United said sorry we cannot do anything for you. The Buffalo attendant could have offered us the choice of staying home in Buffalo and leaving the next day."
"Verified Review | Typical United flight running late from Little Rock to Houston. The worst part came when I was ask to leave my seat that I had paid an upgrade for and to go to the rear of plane so a family with child could have my seat. It's they way I was told that made me the maddest that I had to move. When I asked if I would get my money back I was told that I could take another flight. I always upgrade my flights always for more room. Now I am in the back with a crying baby. So what was so special about the baby that bumped me from my seat?"
"Verified Review | Made, confirmed and paid for a flight at 640p from Cleveland to Newark. Discovered less than 48hrs before departure that time/flight was changed by the airline to 8hrs earlier without notifying me. I called a spoke to two different customer reps. The first was not interested in addressing the changes to my flight and left me on hold for 1/2 hour after which I hung up. Called again 15 mins later where the second agent felt the need to provide misinformation, put me on hold and then hung up on me after a 20 min hold time. No matter what, this will be my last flight on United Airlines. They lack the ability to provide any degree of customer service even when they are in the wrong as clearly they are. They should be forced to close their doors and spare the consumer from even having them as an option for travel. I strongly suggest that the public avoid this airline at all cost. These types of issues speak to a greater problem United has."
"Los Angeles to Dayton. This was my first and last time flying with United Airlines. The customer service was horrific. My connecting flight from Denver got cancelled and I ran to the customer service desk to find a huge line had already formed and there were only 2 people working behind the desk. I waited for over 3 hours to speak to someone - when I finally got to the desk the woman was completely unhelpful and rude. She offered some inconvenient flights that wouldn't have gotten me home until late the next day. While in line I used my phone to find more convenient flights that I showed the woman and she says \"oh well I guess that would work too\". So I waited 3 hours to get absolutely no help. Since I was going to have to spend the night in the freezing airport, I asked if I could have a pillow and blanket for the evening (and I know they have them because they give bagged pillows and blankets to people in first class) - she told me that they don't provide amenities to people with cancelled flights. I also asked if I could have a food voucher since I was going to be at the airport for an extra 14+ hours that I hadn't planned on and she said they don't provide food vouchers to people unless their flight had been delayed for four hours. No my flight was not delayed for four hours it was cancelled and I was at the airport an extra 14 hours! So I ended up paying an extra $35 dollars on horrible, overpriced airport food because of my cancellation. I spent the night shivering, trying to sleep at the airport until my morning flight. My morning flight was then delayed for 2 hours \"due to weather\" even though the pilot came out and said the flight was delayed because of a lack of crew. But of course the workers told us we did not get amenities or discounts because the delayed was \"weather related\". Once I finally got back to Dayton, after waiting around the baggage pickup for 25 minutes-I discovered my luggage was missing and customer service told me it was still in Denver! Once again they told me they don't offer any compensation for the inconvenience. My bag didn't arrive at my house for over 32 hours."
"Newark to Rome. My wife and I were going to Rome to visit my son. Our flight was to depart on July 15th from Newark at 4:45 pm-to arrive in Rome the next morning. My flight number was LH7616, operated by United Airlines UA 40. After multiple delays, the flight was cancelled at approx 11:30 pm. United Airlines gave us a hotel voucher that took another 2 hours. Finally arriving hotel at 1:30 in the morning. We returned to the Airport the next day to attempt to leave once more. We were promised compensation by United Airlines and told to log in to their website under appreciation. Once I logged in, it did not recognize my flight number and could not proceed with my claim. My wife did write a letter to the airline and never received a response. This was 6 months ago and still have not heard anything. I will never fly United Airlines again."
"Verified Review | Chicago O'Hare to Calgary. I bought a first class ticket at full fare, which was at least twice the coach fare. I had my seat selected and confirmed and paid in full of course. On the day of the flight I checked in. While waiting at the gate I saw on their United Airlines screen the names of 2 passengers upgraded to first class. Shortly thereafter I was called and I was told I was downgraded to coach because they were overbooked! They said they would give me a voucher of $250. I was appalled and I felt that I was cheated by United Airlines. The staff at United gate said they were overbooked and I was downgraded because my fare was the lowest of all the first class passengers on that plane. But I paid full fare and it was the lowest probably because I bought the ticket 6 months in advance - but it was a full fare and it was still more than twice the fare of coach. The staff member said I could either wait 3 hours for the next flight or fly coach this flight. I asked why they upgraded 2 passengers to first class and downgrade me when I paid full first class fare. This staff member denied that they upgraded anyone. (Another passenger whom I didn't know later confirmed to me that she also saw on the TV screen 2 passengers upgraded.) I said I was going to complain because I felt that United Airlines cheated my money because I paid full fare for first class and they put me in coach for a voucher of $250. Their staff said, \"Go ahead to complain. I am just carrying out company policy.\" They never even apologised the whole time."
"Flew United yesterday and today from Chicago to Grand Rapids. Both had 3+ hour delays due to \"awaiting aircraft\". Hard to believe at one of their busiest airports or that other aircraft could not be used? When I went to customer service to switch to another airline to arrive a little earlier, I was told that they only do this when a delay is more than 4 hours. When I asked ab out the cause, I was told that weather was the main cause. When I mentioned that there had not been significant weather anywhere in the country for two days, the comment was that they were still recovering. I won't fly this airline again unless I have to."
"Verified Review | I flew UA895, 12/16/16 from Hong Kong to San Francisco, then UA 638 from San Francisco to Houston. UA895 was 12 hours long, and was advertised as having inflight entertainment and wifi when I booked it. The aircraft was old, so it had no personal TVs on the back of the chairs, just the main one near bulkhead. Not a big deal, but about 45 minutes into the flight, we were told the WiFi wasn't working. They tried resetting it, then called tech support, but could not fix it. We were told that because it was considered a \"premium\" item, we wouldn't be compensated. I didn't expect compensation, but on a 12 hour flight, I expected some effort to be made to make everyone more comfortable. Instead, there were 4 children in our cabin and they took turns crying for the entire 12 hours. I understand kids cry, and I felt terrible for the parents, they looked fatigued. The kids would only stop crying when the parents walked the aisles with them or stood where they could see the TVs, which obviously wasn't sustainable for a multitude of reasons. I imagine the flight would've been much more enjoyable for the parents, children, and other passengers if the wi-fi had worked. Additionally, even the entertainment on the screen near bulkhead crashed mid flight and had to be re-set, so even that was flawed. My second flight, UA153, was scheduled to depart at 12:05pm. At first it was delayed by 20 minutes, \"due to delayed incoming aircraft.\" I decided to look it up, and saw that the flight, UA424, Dulles to San Francisco, was originally scheduled from 08.50-12.06. Yes, the scheduled landing was for 1 minute after our flight was scheduled to depart. This is a terrible planning failure on behalf of United, who knowingly scheduled a flight they knew wasn't going to depart at the scheduled time. Our flight didn't end up departing until close to 2pm, after loading up around 1.15, and then taxiing for a long time. Multiple people on our flight had connecting flights, which were missed or they narrowly made it to, especially since United didn't accommodate or prioritize their exit from the aircraft. This is extremely frustrating, especially knowing that United knowingly did this. There were over 100 people on the aircraft, all delayed an extra 1.5-2 hours, plus the people who missed their connecting flights and were even further delayed. United wasted 200+ hours of people's time that day. It seems extremely fraudulent that they knowingly did this. Last, I'm taking time to write this review this time, as every time I have flown United, I have experienced a delay of at least 1 hour. It is extremely disappointing as a customer. For example, on our flight from ORD to HKG, we were delayed by almost 5 hours. On a flight I took from DFW to XNA once, I was delayed by 4 hours. Unfortunately, this just seems to be something you have to expect and plan for when flying United."
"Verified Review | Seattle to Orlando via Chicago. As an American citizen traveling domestically, over the past 15 years, I've come to set the bar about as low as it can get for flying. That said, I will never fly United Airlines again. Enough is enough. My boyfriend and I had pre-selected our seats, yet did not have seat assignments after checking in. It's the holidays, so lines were long at check in. There was a woman in line with several suitcases, two of which were less than 4lbs over the weight limit. Instead of just taking pity on her and expediting the line by accepting her suitcases on the first, second, third and fourth times she repacked them, employees felt it was a better option to continue to hold up the line and create confusion as she kept having to drag her suitcases back and forth. Know when to just cut your losses. Because of the seating issue I was not able to sit with my boyfriend on the second flight. Upon landing, we learned that one of our suitcases was not on the plane, leaving my boyfriend with none of his things. We were told that it would be delivered to our hotel (2 hours away) by the end of the day. I am sceptical, but will see. My own brand new suitcase's retractable handle is now completely broken and won't budge from its retracted position. I was curtly informed that they are not liable for this damage. I have degenerative disc disease in my lower back, so it's very uncomfortable if not painful to try and drag my suitcase around without a retractable handle. So thanks a lot for that, United. We paid $25 per bag for this \"service,\" but no refund was offered. And they'll gouge us again on the way home. These weren't cheap tickets, with the time of year. My money will never go to United again."
"Verified Review | Aruba to Washington. This has been by far the worst experience ever. I have never had so many hiccups in one day it's ridiculous. I arrived to the airport 6 hrs early because of an emergency and I was not able to be moved to an earlier flight or wasn't given the option to fly standby for \"open\" flights without a $75 fee. I waited for my original flight which wasn't until 5:15 pm, just to get a text stating the flight was delayed one hour and fifteen minutes. The lady at the counter refused to look up my flight info and give me any options or additional information. I get on the plane at 6:07pm and sit until 7:45 because of issues with lighting. At this point I am now over 2 hrs behind schedule and the only accommodation they gave us were 9 movies to choose from for a 3 hour flight! The cable wasn't available for free (as they stated) until the last 30 minutes of the flight. Once we land of course my connecting flight took off without me due to us being 2 hrs behind schedule. We landed at 10:27 and my flight left at 10:00. I waited in a customer service line until 12:00 midnight. The people at the desk were taking people out of order and had attitudes when questions were asked. I was refused a voucher for a taxi home the next day and told to go online. I was accommodated with a hotel that I didn't get checked into until 1:40 in the morning with a shuttle coming to get me in two and a half hours. I was not able to locate my bags so I had to travel and stay at a hotel with nothing. I will never fly this airline again. They don't accommodate you for anything. Their customer service sucks. I had to walk away from 3 employees because of their rude attitudes. The delays are uncalled for and a big inconvenience. Neither delay I had were due to weather!"
"Santiago to Denver via Houston with United. Today has been the most ridiculous travel day of my life. It started in Santiago as we boarded a plane for Houston. We ended up having a 3 hour delay due to a lack of \"maintenence papers\". Needless to say we missed our connecting flight to Denver. We were given another flight which we also missed because the bags took an hour and a half off of the plane. We then tried for 6 hours to get onto standby flight in IAH but we're unable to, a fault of none. Busy travel days and large airports make for difficult travelling for everyone. The food or the seats on the plane weren't really a problem either seeing as it should be expected that airlines are a pay to play service. Customer service, however, was unbelievable. We were lied to, ignored, spoken to rudely. Customer service lines took 3 hours to get to the front of and there was no noticeable attempt to fix it. However, not all of the customer service has been bad. The man who booked us our first two flights moved heaven and earth to re-book our first flight, and then get us another flight, with great difficulty, that same day. Besides him however, the United staff has been egregious. There is a line between doing the bare minimum of one's job and taking away from the business that a certain employee works for, and I feel many of the employees are toeing, if not well over the line. I wouldn't recommend United to anyone."
"Verified Review | Omaha to San Francisco via Denver. Our flight was scheduled to depart on Dec 17th, 2016 at 6.10 am via Denver. Due to extreme weather conditions the flight was cancelled. After a long wait of 3 hours with only a single person to rebook all customers in other flights, we finally got our turn to speak with the staff. We were given only one option that is, \"You have flight only the following day and there are no more available for today\". I understood their situation as they could not provide me with any flight for that day as there are no seats available. After long waits we finally reached home with boarding passes for the following day. We woke up early again in the morning and checked the status online on United Airlines website. It mentioned there is a delay in flight timings but the scheduled time of departure is still shown at 6.10 am. I thought they will send an email or a text message incase if there is really one. And once again after paying for the cabs and reaching there on time we found that the flight is delayed by 4 hours. I felt deceived. I spoke to an attendant as to why I was not informed about the delay and she told I will get back to me in a moment and went on serving the customers at other kiosk without ever bothering to respond me. I then waited for 15 minutes to speak with another one and she asked how I made my resevation and I explained her it was through Priceline. And she tried to blame them as it is their fault and they have to inform me. I told her that these were new boarding passes which were issued by United Airlines at the kiosk. Her response \"Yeah right. I dont know\". I told her it is not a problem if there is a delay but it is your responsibility to inform me so that I would not have come early. Her response, \"I know but i cant do anything. You could wait at the airport or leave and then come back at around 9.30 am as that is when the boarding starts\". Is she going to pay us for the cabs? Cant they see what efforts we might have gone through to come to airport in the icy conditions with heavy luggage? She then tried to blame the weather when I told her the flight to and from the same locations in Southwest is running at scheduled time. Then she said, \"I don't control anything here. I don't know why the scheduled time in website was not updated\". In the end, I have to leave the counter with frustration. I dont see an inch of regret or an apology from their side for their mistake. We just sat there doing nothing and looked at the timings of other flights. There were few other flights whose status is either cancelled or delayed and all of them belonged to United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Denver to Kansas City. No matter how many times I've flown with United Airlines in hopes their services would improve I have been constantly disappointed and today it reached my limit. Delays back to back with false hope for 6 hours. Their customer service is terrible, doesn't compensate for their shortcomings and is so confused and mismanaged. Customer service doesn't try to work with the customers plans which is frustrating and this largely falls on the head of management for not considering how much money the customers spends and they should up hold customer values instead of diminish customers probability of ever flying united."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Tulsa via Denver. I thought I would give United Airlines one more chance. Nearly every past trip with them has turned sour due to delays caused by flight crew absences or maintenance issues. I am now 6 hours delayed in Denver, and have talked to other people on this delayed flight who have been in this airport for over 38 hours! In my experience, United Airlines consistently fails to get their planes off the ground on time. In addition to delays, I always have a better quaity experience with other major airlines. For instance, during my 6 hour flight last night from Honolulu to Denver, we were brought drinks 2 times, and no snacks were offered. Last month on a very similar (yet longer, approx. 8 hour flight) trip with Delta, they provided two complementary full, hot meals, many rounds of drink service, and they even came through the cabin 4 times with individual 16 oz bottles of Dasani. I will never fly United again if given the option."
"Verified Review | Manchester, New Hampshire to Norfolk VA via Newark. Extremely disappointed, only took one flight out of 4. Three cancelled flights due to \"weather\" on a non windy, rainy, or snowy day. Missed a once in a lifetime event, had to rent a car and drive 6 hrs to get to Virginia Beach, then on the day I am supposed to leave and return home had to buy a ticket through another airline because my original flight was also cancelled. Have been calling United since Friday (now Sunday) and still haven't been able to get a hold of an actual person to discuss all the delays. I would not recommend this airline to my worst enemy, spend the extra on a more reliable airline."
"Verified Review | Houston to Chicago. I'm extremely disappointed with the customer service and the fact that every time that my son or I fly with United Airlines, the plane is delayed due to aircraft maintenance. Why schedule flight when there is maintenance to be done? Additionally, today I was rushed to the kiosk after I told the attendant that I had a minor traveling alone. I had to go out of my way to get checked in and the young lady who helped us seemed confused with the process and wanted to charge me additional fees that I had already paid when I purchased the ticket. I will shop around for other airlines since my son travels at least four times a year, and I don't want to deal with this repetitive pattern again."
"Boise to Atlanta via Houston. United Airlines just cover their mistake.The flight was delayed for 13 hrs in Boise Idaho. Part for the delay was the weather and the last 3-4 hrs it was for maintenance. Counter customer service in Boise updated the new departing time over and over, repeating that there were doing maintenance. They promise that if we lose our connection I will have a hotel and vouchers for food. When I arrived at the United customer service at Houston Airport, they said that It was not a record of the maintenance. So weather does not pay for the hotel. They denied that it was maintenance. They said that airplanes usually have a few minutes or maintenance, not 3 or 4 hours. But that was that the counter people said maybe because they were anticipating not to pay us for the hotel"
"Flew from Washington, DC to Frankfurt. The flight took off at 10.00 pm and the dinner arrived 15 minutes later. The first drink service arrived 7 minutes after the meal arrived and the fasten seatbelt sign was removed after another 7 minutes. If you are expecting cheese and crackers, metal tableware, a hot disposable towel and a free after dinner drink, you are on the wrong airline. United does not provide this. That did occur on my Lufthansa flight the next night. United provided a second drink service with a glass of wine complementary. A red sherbet dessert was provided along with a small bottle of water but the sherbet contained so much red dye, I was sorry that I ate it. Lights were out quickly after the second drink service. Breakfast was a piece of bread, yogurt with a third beverage service. If you are trying to maximize sleep, United might be the airline for you. I would have preferred a beverage before the meal arrived."
"Louisville to Reno via Denver. We were in a group of 22 people headed to Reno for vacation. Mechanical problems delayed our flight to Denver by 2 hour 30 min, resulting in missing our connecting flight to Reno. The United Airlines staff manager tried to get Denver to hold plane but to no avail. She announced that once we reached Denver go to the United customer service and that accommodations would be provided for us and United would find flights for us the following day. We did just that and we were told they knew nothing of that. Customer service proceeded to tell me and my friend that they had 2 seats to San Francisco and a 5:52 flight to Reno. We arrived in San Francisco at 4:30 pm and was told the flight to Reno was cancelled, and the 10 pm was booked. We were on standby and they delayed the Reno flight until 4:30 am. We finally got to Reno at 6:30 am - I am using my time not Denver and California. It took 24 hours 30 min to reach my destination."
"Verified Review | Newark to Phoenix. Every step of the way, United appears to have no interest in customer service. Telephone representatives make no effort to be helpful. Crew, for the most part, are not friendly and perform minimally. Extremely uncomfortable planes made even less comfortable with such poor attitude on the part of crew members. No way to reach anyone in Customer service by phone. They simply show no interest in pleasing their customers. The worst airline experience."
"Verified Review | Syracuse to Ontario via Newark. I arrived to my flight 2 hours early. I'm active duty military so I got through TSA fairly quickly, and proceeded to my gate. About an hour before boarding I got a text that said my flight would be delayed till 11pm (5 hour delay) due to \"awaiting aircraft.\" This made me slightly mad due to the fact that I don't understand why an airline is selling tickets for a flight they can't even provide an aircraft for. I was then told I could fly down to Washington DC at 11pm, arrive at 1am and have to sit there till 830am to make my next flight. I was supposed to be at my final destination in California at 730am, so I accepted it and went to the USO to relax till my 11pm flight. A couple hours before that I got a text that said my flight had been cancelled due to \"operations.\" I won't be getting home until 3 in the afternoon now. United Airlines needs to get their customer service up to par. Don't sell tickets if you can't get your customers to their destination. If it was bad weather I could understand that. But not having a plane available? That's unacceptable in my eyes."
"Verified Review | Well both my flights from SAT to ORD were late departing which resulted in me arriving an hour and a half late. When I got to the airport they changed the departure gate 3 times without any notification, I thought I had signed up for the flight text alerts. I could have possibly missed my flight if I had not asked someone where they were going after sitting at the wrong gate for an hour. Finally I get on the plane where the flight attendants were really rude for no reason about people changing seats when the airline had over booked the flight. It was just a mess and next time I will be flying Southwest."
"Verified Review | Raleigh Durham to Washington. United Airlines is one of the poorest airlines I have flown. Ground staff don't have a clue about when delayed flights are leaving or how you might get information. Flight crew couldn't even tell me the duration of the flight, even after departure and walked up and down cabin while explaining emergency procedures making it impossible to understand. Seats were most uncomfortable I have sat in. The backs seem to keep you leaning forward with an odd curve and the leg room is very tight. This airline should be shut down. The only reason I will ever take them again is because they are cheaper than others, but unfortunately this comes with great compromises to comfort."
"Minneapolis to Charlotte via Chicago O'Hare. How a 40 minute layover turned into five and a half hours. After a late arrival, a shuttle to a connecting flight 350p that left early. Not to fear, United Airlines rebooked me on a flight leaving 2 hrs later. So I thought. The new flight was delayed 5 times before I called customer sevcice to find another flight. I was then booked on a 3rd flight out of Chicago, the CSR never sent the confirmation I requested. Finally at the counter to check in for a 9pm flight arriving in Charlotte at midnight, I was greeted with an attitude, my question ignored and now I sit waiting for boarding to begin late. Terrible!"
"The Polaris disaster with United Airlines. Washington IAD to Zurich on a 767-400ER. Same seat as before, but with a bunch more stuff, including a “polar bear” teddy bear, so there’s no space to put anything. Of course, having a teddy bear didn’t guarantee that I’d have a menu (which I had to ask for) nor an amenity kit with ear plugs - which I sorely needed because the guy beside me started to snore loudly just after takeoff. Once the bell indicated that the crew could get out of their seats and start the service, I used the FA call button to ask for an amenity kit to get some ear plugs. The FA working in my section came to me and said that I should not to use the call button because it was loud and would disturb other passengers. His telling me that woke up the guy beside me. So much for not disturbing other passengers. I was amazed and annoyed. I’ve never been told in a premium cabin on any carrier not to use the call button. Why did I have to use the call button? I got on board and had no menu, no amenity kit yet somehow I had a teddy bear, pillow, two blankets and a rude flight attendant who told me to just signal him when he’s in the aisle. I did that and got an arms crossed “what would you like” rude stare. The movie selection consisted of exactly six movies. My tray table would not come out, so I had to leave my seat while the same FA who told me not to use my call button yanked on it to the point where it finally ejected from its slot, but, in the process, toppled over my drink. Now a piece of the siding underneath where the table is stowed is unhinged and flapping loosely. Who’s got a piece of tape? To top it off, my appetizer was frozen (including the salad) and the bread was cold and stale. Good luck, UA, with Polaris. So far, not impressed. Same miserable UA crew with bad attitudes (although the Cabin Service Director was polite and apologetic when I told him what his colleague had said to me about the call button). This has been a rude awakening after regularly flying Qatar Airways for the last two years. While this flight is qualifying me for 1K status for all of next year, fortunately, it is the only UA-operated segment I have on this around-the-world work trip. Good riddance, United. You blew it with this otherwise loyal customer. A dreadful experience all around."
"Verified Review | ROC-ORD-SFO-HNL-GUM-PVG, economy I feel United has lost its plot. It used to be the best US airline but it is clearly not anymore. I had a single ticket for 5 flights and had lots of issues. After receiving my tickets in ROC, my name did not appear on the boarding list in SFO, thus I had to wait for nearly one hour before getting a seat. There was no IFE in most of flights: although Wi-Fi was supposed to provide access to movies, it did not work in any of the flights I took. On the flight GUM-PVG the IFE was in the form of small screens at the back of the seat. Movie selection was poor. Flights were mostly late: SFO-HNL was more than 1 our late. I was upgraded to premium seats on the SFO-HNL and HNL-GUM flights. Seats are OK. Although we were supposed to receive a meal on the GUM-PVG flight, I did not receive any food. The positive aspect is the cabin crew, that has always been attentive and professional. The flight cost was OK."
"Verified Review | I was flying to Chicago for a conference. My flight was to depart from San Diego at 1.30 and arrive at 7.30 local time. Upon arrival at SD I was informed the plane was experiencing \"mechanical issues\" AKA \"we undersold the flight and are going to merge it with another\". The attendant offered online vouchers which he said would be available after the flight had departed. They weren't. I am a celiac and I did not pack food because I was having dinner in Chicago that night which, I missed. Airplane food at best is inedible but add gluten free and you're stuffed. I packed nothing because I didn't think I was going to need to. Error! The flight landed in O'Hare at 10.30pm and of course everything on a Monday was shut. By the time I got to my Hotel room and went back out to look for food it was 12.30. Upon return that week I wrote to United as speaking to a human is impossible. Anyway they were so generous in offering me a whole $50 dollars in flight vouchers. Luckily I won't be able to cash them in because I would never fly (voluntarily) United. It was the second time this year and the last for a long time I hope. The few dollars saved just didn't add up the the trauma of flying with this outfit. Never again."
"Verified Review | I will never fly United again and this is why. I was to depart Cleveland to Chicago on 26 November at 6:35pm. We did not leave the runway until 8:25pm for a fuel overfilling. I have never heard of such a thing! There 4 updates given and they were not timely and obviously they were not accurate. We arrived in Chicago at 8:38p. My connecting flight was to depart Chicago at 8:50pm and boarding stopped at 8:35pm. I asked several flight attendants if my gate could be called and I was told they couldn't control that. It seemed like I was the only person on this plane with that connecting flight. There were others going to Istanbul Turkey that United called ahead for them not to miss their connection. An announcement was even made that they didn't need to rush. When we landed in Chicago I had to run from gate B14 to E1. I have never run so fast, in heels, in my life. When I arrived at E1 the plane had pulled away. I was livid! I went to a customer service counter for assistance and was told there were no more flights leaving Chicago to Milwaukee that night and that I could take a bus. A bus? I didn't want to but I was ready to go home to say the least. The time then was 9:00pm. I was told the bus wasn't leaving until 10:45p and it was the last bus. Arriving Milwaukee at 12:30am. I inquired about my luggage and was given instructions on how to get it. After going to another service counter, I was able to get my luggage, 20 minutes later. The second service counter attendant told me the bus shuttle was right outside the door and to follow the red Bus Shuttle sign. She even pointed to a Coach bus going by telling me that's where I'd get on the bus. I hadn't been on a bus since I was 12 years old. She offered and gave $20 worth of food vouchers but I didn't use them. I was too distraught. I sat in the terminal waiting to go to the bus stop. At 10:15 something told me to go and find out exactly where I needed to stand. I asked an airport shuttle driver and he told me to follow him. He pointed to shuttles/buses that were across the street and about a 10 minute walk away! I had to run again, this time with luggage. As I entered the bus terminal there was no one available to ask which stop, 4, 5,6, etc, I was supposed to stand near. I asked the transit cop and he told me to stand at #4. I asked what time was the bus coming. He said the bus usually gets there at 10:30pm. My watch said 10:32p. He then said he must be running a little late. I didn't want to take any chances so I stool outside the terminal, right in front of the #4 stand, waiting for the bus. Once on the bus, the driver announced since this was the last bus of the night he had to wait an additional 10 minutes before departing. I arrived at the bus station in Milwaukee WI at 12:38am. For a travel trip that should not have been more than 50 minutes in the air, I ended up spending almost 9 hours to reach my destination. To say this is unacceptable is an understatement."
"Verified Review | Phoenix to Bangkok via Tokyo with United Airlines. I purchased my tickets predicated on scheduled departure, layover time and cost. After committing to my flights 5 months prior to the departure date the departure and layover times were changed 4 times. I contacted my booking agent and United Airlines and neither were sympathetic to my problem. They have you sign off on each change to ensure you don't take advantage of the accumulated delays which would warrant some compensation in the form of changing flights more to my requirements. Now for the entertainment on the flight. The video would stall every 10 minutes and you would loose 10 seconds of the movie. Overhead old style screens made it difficult to view from my window seat. United online movies would have been an option but without a power charging jack it was not an option. Food was terrible on the United leg of the flight. Soggy breaded chicken swimming in sodium laddened gravy. The ANA flights provided exceptional quality on both food and entertainment. Price was good but I question the true value. I will opt to fly on a more expensive higher quality airline next time."
"Verified Review | Original flight with United Airlines flying from Leon/Guanajuato to Los Angeles delayed due to mechanical problem. Delay was supposed to be 3 hours, then 5, then overnight. We were rebooked to the next morning. Sent to the Hampton Inn with many other from the flight, which overloaded the Hampton Inn. Terrible shuttle and check in. Better co-ordination is necessary."
"Verified Review | The Thanksgiving I never had, to the one I spent stuck in a hotel in Houston that I paid for because of United Airlines. Our flight from Washington DC to Liberia (Costa Rica) via Houston first gets delayed for 6 hours under the pretense of weather, to only be cancelled at 2 pm when guests were expecting to board without any advance notice. We had a family member that flew on Southwest and were able to travel and at no point was the flight cancelled due to weather. Same departure city Houston, same time 9 am, same arrival time 2 pm, instead we are not only kept in the dark but left with the responsibility of finding accommodation until tomorrow - meanwhile we are now paying for two hotels, one in Houston away from family, and in Costa Rica where we should have been. I expect a better solution and outcome then a deeper hole in my pocket. This is unacceptable."
"Verified Review | Charleston to Hancock via Chicago. United assumed operations to my hometown from Delta a few years ago and the service has become garbage. Almost every flight I've been on has been delayed or canceled. Every time I fly there it's a toss up whether or not I make it and chances are good I won't make it back to work on time. If given the option, take a different airline. In addition to their inability to manage the flight leg, their planes have uncomfortable seats and are usually too hot. If anybody from United reads this, you should go talk with a Delta rep and learn from them. Service wasn't this terrible when they managed the flight."
"Verified Review | Flying United Airlines from Oklahoma City to New Orleans. Got up at 4.30 am to catch my flight for 6.25 am. Didn't get up in the air until 7.40. Next flight from Houston to New Orleans was scheduled to leave at 9.45 after delays. Around 10.20, after waiting on the ground for over half an hour, they tell us they need to refuel the plane. Currently waiting for them to finish. Scheduled to arrive before 10.00. Looking more like noon now."
"Knoxville to Milan via Washington IAD with United. First flight delayed for an hour leaving me 8 minutes to get across Dulles Int to my connecting flight. Upon landing at Dulles, the ground crew took forever to get the stairs to the plane. When I got to my gate the flight had departed. Had to visit their customer service and have never been treated so badly in my life. Several people already lined up for the agents and when I finally got to the agent, she informed me that she wouldn't help me because she was now off duty. I had to get back in line and wait even longer. They did book me on another flight but left me waiting in the airport for 19+ hours. Absolutely the worst I have been treated in 30 years of travelling. I will never book another flight on United again."
"Flew IAD to BRU with United. United business class is really substandard. The seats are very cramped and not comfortable at all. They put 6 seats in a row (very narrow seats, no privacy, no place to rest your arms) which means United Business Class is more like a Premium Economy but sold at the same price as the much better business class seats offered by airlines from Europe or Asia. The food and service are also rather poor. The lounge is poor (they even charge 5 US$ for a Sam Adams beer even for passengers that paid international business class) with little choice of food and no pre-dining options. Avoid flying United Airlines if you can. Airlines from Europe or Asia have a much better product to offer for the same or lower prices."
"Horrible customer service. Our inbound flight arrived on time in Dulles and we made it to the gate with little time to spare. After 20 minutes we had a flight delay of 2 hours. While waiting in the customer service line for quite some time the flight changed again and again and yet again. Apparently the plane had already been sitting for 3 hours with mechanical issues. The flight was ovebooked by 5 seats. One by one all of the PA flights were getting delayed. We just wanted to obtain our luggage, get a rental car and go home. The very rude customer rep basically told us we were crazy saying it was overbooked and it was impossible to get our luggage. Finally our flight was canceled. We were offered a bus service. All we had to do was go here, then there, then here and then there again. United had very little contact with the shuttle service people and did not want to deal with us any longer. After a total wait of 4 hours getting the run around and lied to and treated like this was our fault we were finally on the road back to PA. While we should all be tuckedd away at home at the early hour of 1 am we will be lucky to make it to HIA and then get home before the sun rises. Any travelers looking to utilize United, do yourself a favor and choose a better company."
"United Airlines from Albany with a connecting flight in Newark to Montego Bay in Jamaica. We got to the airport early, boarded our plane on time (United Express Plane), first flight of the morning, and had to deplane due to a hydraulic pump failure. So all 11 of us went back into the airport and we're told it was a quick fix. About a half hour later we got back on the same plane, took off and we were in the air for 10 minutes, and then told we had to go back to Albany due to the same pump failing again. Why was this not tested in the morning before the first flight goes out? Why would we get back on the same plane with mechanical issues? So after getting off the plane for a second time we went back to speak with the gate staff who were less than helpful. None of them knew what was going on, no updates were provide and none of them spoke English clearly. We ended up mapping our own way from Albany to Philadelphia, Philadelphia to Miami, spending the night in Miami, and getting to Jamaica the next day by noon. All of these inconveniences will be paid for by United, and they even sent us each $50 vouchers, which we will not be using because we plan to never fly with United again. The story doesn't end here, our flight from Jamaica to Newark boarded late, no big deal we got there. As soon as we landed we were notified that our final flight from Newark to Albany had been delayed over 2 hours with no explanation. So, we sat in the airport for another 5 hours, not receiving updates as the gate staff still did not speak English, and were sarcastic and rude, as if our questions were stupid. Finally we boarded the express plane (that smelled like it had never been cleaned before) at 10:30, just making it out of Newark for the night and landed in Albany a little before midnight. We lost a day and a half of our vacation, spent hundreds of extra unplanned dollars and even considered just going home all because of United Airlines. We will not be using our vouchers they gave us because we will not be flying with them ever again. We will be flying with Southwest from now on like we used to. We tried United due to the travel agent and the package selected by our family members. United was an absolutely horrific experience. Their planes are old and they have an incredibly unfriendly staff."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to San Francisco with United Airlines. Flight attendants rude - had multiple flight attendants bump into me with carts with no apologies. Offered 1 complimentary soda, with optional water now and then. Seat tv controls were located on top of the armrest which provided no room for my arms to rest without adjusting multiple aspects of tv. That was only if the any type of entertainment was offered for the 6 hour flight. Had to use my ipad for entertainment. On the way back they would not offer internet due to unavailable for transocean flight, (even though it was on the previous flight to Hawaii) which price for both flights were identical. United offer a direct tv option only with excessive credit card charges. It should also be mentioned that they even showed pricing for flights that were over 2 hours were charged more per movie. Boarding agent almost would not to let me take my normal sized carry on, due to space limitations. When all I had was on small bag that fit in all there metal measuring racks. After telling her I was not checking my bag got on the plane and there was so much space in the overheads that some remained open after passengers were all seated. I cannot believe how far standards have dropped for airlines."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Venice via Newark. We sat on the tarmac in Orlando for 2 hours with very little air conditioning. The delay was because of lightning and I do understand that but we were given a plastic cup of tepid water during those 2 hours. When we spoke to the flight attend to let her know we had a connecting flight in Newark to Venice (there were others on the flight who also had connecting flights overseas). When we told her she assured us that because it was another United Flight they would call ahead and let them know we would be delayed and to hold the flight. She also told us we would be arriving at the same terminal as our departure terminal C. She assured us she would allow the passengers with connecting overseas flights to disembark first. None of this happened! The fight arrived at 6:35, we arrived at terminal B, she did not get us off the flight first, and no one had called ahead to hold the flight. I have heart problems and my husband And I ran through the airport where I started to feel like I was going to have a heart attack. We managed to wave down a cart and he took us the rest of the way. We got to the terminal where our flight was leaving from at 6:45 the lady at the desk said run down and get on the flight - only to find the door had been closed. The flight departure time was 6:55! I was so worn out by this time we walked back to the front desk and she said she would call operations - they got permission to open the door and let us on. When we went to find our seats there were people sitting in them so we stood trying to see what to do. Eventually I said to a flight attendant who was ignoring the situation do you think you can help us. She came and walked us round and round to try to find seats for us. I spotted two seats across the aisle from each other and said we will take those seats. I would also like to remind you that we booked this flight and our seats in May 2016. Not very happy with the experience and have written to United Airlines head office with no response at all. I guess they are thinking we will go away. That will not happen I will put this on social media I can find until I get a response."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Oklahoma City. Horrible, garbage airline. The only reason I opted to fly United for my annual trip to San Francisco on the anniversary of my mother's death is because I had a $120 voucher from my last United flight experience being so atrocious. Flight was due to depart at 10:45 this morning; it's not 1:20, I should be landing in OKC right now. Instead, I'm still in SFO airport because of the laundry-list of things that have gone wrong with United today. Crew wasn't in the airport until after noon, with no back-up crew. Boarded at 12:20; de-boarded at 12:30 due to \"maintenance issues\" that were not elucidated upon. (No one could have checked the plane that was sitting on the runway for two hours during the first delay?) Issues \"should\" be fixed by 1:45, but at this point, I'm not exactly holding my breath. No offers of compensation/complimentary alcoholic beverages, etc. All this just compiles my last two horrible flights with United, where my luggage was lost twice and customer service just stared at me like cows chewing cud when I asked if I could be compensated for that mess. The hardest-working people for United are the outsourced staff in Pakistan and India, who were the most helpful people I have spoken to when I've had to contact United customer service. This airline is abysmal, unfriendly, and not worth your time, money, and business. Run, don't walk, to another airline."
"Verified Review | This was the worst airplane experience I have ever encountered. My friend and I were going to Orlando and chose United Airlines because they were most convenient. On our way down to MCO we had a connecting flight in Newark, NJ. We boarded the plane as normal in Hartford and we were on it for 2 minutes before being told to get off because there was something wrong. We departed the plane and was out for another 2 minutes before telling us to reboard. We couldn't take off right away which made us late and when we finally did we knew we weren't going to catch the next flight. They told us to just go to customer service and get a new flight. When we reach Newark, we did just that. We got another flight pretty close to the other one. We boarded like normal, and five minutes in, they tell us they have to change the brakes. They said it would be a 30 min job. After that, they said they had to change a tire. That was supposed to be another 15mins. After that, they broke a piece and we weren't going anywhere. After that, they got a new piece and we were going. 20 mins after that we were finally in the air. We didn't land in Orlando until after 2pm, when we were supposed to be there at 11am. They offered us free alcoholic drinks because of the long wait. When my friend and I ordered she rudely asked for ID like we were lying or something and then made us split a drink instead of giving us one each. 4 days go by and it was time to go home. I received a text the morning of my flight (3am) saying that my flight will be delayed. This was the 3rd flight to be delayed. I had to go to Newark before Hartford as it was my connecting flight again. When we arrived at the airport and got to our terminal we asked about the delay and what to do about our connecting flight. The man at the desk said, \"I believe you will still make it, I can move your seats closer to the front to make sure you get off the plane in time.\" We obviously believed him. It took us a while to get in the air and when we landed we rushed off and ran to our gate. It was closed. When I asked the man at the counter about it he said \"listen, I didn't work the flight.\" I never asked if he did. I was then told to go to customer service. When I did so, the woman said she would put us on the 9:30pm flight to Hartford since that was the one leaving next. I was supposed to be in Hartford at 4pm. I didn't want to be in the airport for another 6 hours and get home by 10pm. I mentioned renting a car because Newark was 2 hours from my home and she said that United will not pay for it because they're offering me a 9:30pm flight as compensation. She then stated, and I quote, \"Well, you know what, you're here. At least you are here.\" I was not only taken aback by the airlines ability to have broken planes every time I was supposed to board one, or the fact that they kept making me miss my flights, but I was unbelievably astounded at the constant rudeness, unhelpfulness, and overall attitude I received the entire time."
"New Orleans to Seattle via Houston with United Airlines. My flight was supposed to be total 7 hours and I've been delayed in New Orleans for 3 hours and I've been delayed in Houston for an extra hour. I've never been thru so many problems and delays with an airline before. Plus their tickets are non-transferreble unless you pay $200. Long story short I've spent half a day or more at the airports. I could have got an cheaper ticket if I didn't mind being in the airport for so long but I do. I will never fly with United again. Southwest from here on out, free checked bags and free transfer - what was I thinking flying with United Airlines?"
"Pensacola to Las Vegas, first and last time with United Airlines. This was our first time flying, it was my birthday so we flew out to Vegas. Flying out our flight was delayed 2 hours. The flight was scheduled to make it to Vegas at 10:50pm, it did not make it until 2am which threw us off one day. We were too tired to do anything. On the returning flight from Las Vegas to Houston. The flight was an red-eye so this ment we had to walk around Vegas from 11 am until 11pm. Houston flight delayed once again. Having been up 24 hours. We were to make it home 10:55 but the inbound crew was late which was just wonderful! Hungry, cold and now 24 hours and counting. United Airlines did not make a good first impression."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Washington. Flying to Honolulu was fine for our honeymoon but getting back home was a nightmare our flight was delayed, so they offered me and my wife coach seats (booked in first class) or wait until 7:20pm when our flight was supposed to take off. At 3:40pm we said we would wait but then they said we would miss the connecting flights so they got us a new flight, but me and my wife would have to sit in different seats - one of us in first class which was what we paid for, and the other in coach. I wouldn't recommend to anyone to fly with united."
"Pittsburgh to Honolulu via Denver. We were really disappointed in the service, or lack thereof, provided on our United Airlines flights to and from Hawaii. It is quite ridiculous that the only food available on an 8 hour flight is offered for a ridiculous fee. The cramped seats are also deplorable and the only solution seems to be to pay a fee to have a reasonable amount of space. I would rather pay more for a ticket and have reasonable accommodations than pay not much less for a trip that sucks. Unless I am in a situation that this is the only available airline for me, I will never fly United again."
"Chicago to La Guardia and another zero star effort from United Airlines. I volunteered to give up my seat on an overbooked aircraft. There was no one at the gate so I went to United customer service. This must have been the first time the idle group of 15 workers have ever heard of an overbooked flight as they could not process (cognitively) what I was offering. After a few minutes, they referred me back to the idle gate (which we could see no one was there). Realizing that this was idiotic, I walked to one of the other NYC bound flight gates as we have 3 major airports in the US's busiest city. The good news was that there was a half empty flight leaving in 30 minutes! The bad news was that United said it would be too difficult to swap with such short notice. Despite being 8 feet from the jetway and presented with a situation which was both beneficial for myself and United, this was yet another insurmountable task. The lady was kind enough to tell me that my overbooked flight (which I have a ticket for) is going to be 2 hours late though. I fly for work every week. I have to take the cheapest airline as a company policy. Why can American, Delta, JetBlue, Southwest and even Frontier figure it out, yet 100% of the time, United has excuses and animosity towards its customers? I feel bad throwing United employees under the bus because the only real difference between them and the other airlines workers is a lack of training. This total disregard for service is a corporate culture. How many scathing get reviews need to be written before anything is ever rectified; until United surprises us one time for the better?"
"Lexington to Boston. 3 of the 4 flights were delayed, which seemed to be a scheduling problem. It seemed very unorganized. On our way to Boston, our 2nd leg of the flight kept getting delayed by 45 minutes multiple times. This made it difficult to coordinate with family at our destination. On our way home, the flight was delayed and when we got to our final destination, we had to sit on the tarmac for nearly an hour because no gate was available. The only thing positive was a very friendly funny flight attendant on our flight from Lexington."
"Worst airline ever. I have a $561 credit with the airline and they are making it impossible to use. When I finally was able to reach an agent that spoke English, I was told that I had to physically pay United $200 to just use the credit. The $200 was not taken off the original $561, rather, must have been paid via credit card. The flight I needed was $170. On top of the $200 United already wanted me to pay, they were going to charge me an additional $200 to change the flight, $100 to book the flight through United and not a travel agent. In essence, I would actually be paying United close to the $561 credit owed to me for a $170 flight. Additionally, I spoke with three agents and all of them were rude and disrespectful. I was hung up on twice and the first person I spoke with could not speak English. I'm stunned that I have to pay to use a credit owed to me. It's not surprise that the airline is rated the worst airline and will most likely be bankrupt within the next few years. This company is crooked and I wouldn't recommend this airline to my worst enemy."
"Newark to Los Angeles return. My flight to LA was fine and had no hiccups. My flight back home from LA however is another story! My flight was at 9:55, my friend and I were waiting at the gate (the gate listed on United's app which was verified by the employee's of the airport). At 10:00 we are looking at each other wondering why boarding or no announcements were made on the PA system. We go to customer service to find out that they made a last minute gate change (this happens often in airports and I've never had a problem catching flights using the App or listening to PA system). We were told we could be put on standby for the last flight that evening or have seats for an 8am flight the next day. Due to the fact that the gate change was not announced or alerted through the app we were not the only passengers having this problem. We later realized that they never made the announcement because they have over booked multiple flights and needed extra seats! After we were not able to get on our standby flight - due to overbooking, they asked for volunteers to give up their seats to be able to fit other passengers- We had to sleep in the airport (we asked for hotel accommodation and were told we would be reimbursed however the \"volunteers\" got vouchers right away). After sleeping in the freezing cold airport and finally boarding our flight, while giving our boarding passes we were told our reservation was canceled! The look of complete shock and anger was extremely difficult to hide and the customer service/flight attendant informed me that, \"If I wanted them to help us I would have to remove my attitude\"! I did not even utter a word out of my mouth towards them to be met with such a comment? I let them know that it was their job to help me and no one was doing any favor's here. How appalling to have missed your flight, through no fault of your own and to be tossed around being reassured your tickets were confirmed and that everything was going to be okay only to be served with sass?! Mind you the entire customer service experience from since we missed our flight was horrible. Everyone had an attitude and blamed the passengers for their experience. I've never had this kind of experience when I've paid for a service/goods. My recommendation would be to give customer service and flight attendants courses on how to deal with customers. Overall I will never use this airline again. My only good comment would be for the staff on-board the plane. They were very pleasant and thoughtful."
"Our flight from New York LaGuardia to Traverse City was delayed for approximately 2 hours which caused us to miss our connecting flight in Chicago. Understandably bad weather, mechanical difficulties are things you just can't predict or change. However the reason we were given was that we didn't have a pilot as our pilot called in sick and it \"slipped\" through without another picking it up. After boarding we were told to get off the plane and then mid disembarking we were told we didn't have to. I will never fly with United again. Nice planes but the 66% reliability they receive as an airline isn't worth the extra frills."
"United Airlines cemented its place as the worst airline company I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. Other than small things like not giving us the seats we chose or putting my wife and I together, we had multiple delays, a very hard landing, unfriendly attendants and customer service. The whole experience was horrible and my wife and I were glad it was almost done with when we landed in SFO, our transfer point back to Tucson. Unfortunately it wasn't. I am now waiting for an hour or more for my bags as our flight was cancelled and I am now booked for another flight tomorrow to Denver and then finally Tucson (lets hope). The service reps were the most rude and unfriendly I have ever met and nothing was done to help us after the cancelled our flight. To make matters worse our flight was cancelled awhile before we were ever notified. The costs we are incurring due to them is not worth any amount of saved money for a cheaper ticket and we now have 12 hours of flying to get from Cancun to Tucson not counting the several hours of layovers. Luckily our trip other than United was amazing but I would not get on another flight from this company even if it was half the price of its competitors. I cannot really come up with a good point from the company except price and its partners airlines. Breakdown of review categories: Value for money is lowest possible because I don't find any value in their service. The price was good for our flight if they met any expectation but failed in all categories. Ground and Air Service were both rude and I would have given the air service one star if it wasn't for the ground service being significantly worse comparably. Seat comfort was normal for an American airline company but still far behind all foreign flight companies I have flown with. Beverages and food options are a bare minimum. There was pretty much no inflight entertainment with a couple of movies (at least this was free because of the many mistakes and delays they had already caused but normally very overpriced and outdated.) I hate knowing that when I book with ANA (my favorite airline) I have a chance to be stuck with flights from this company and may switch my primary airline to avoid this. (Sorry ANA) This review is only regarding my recent flight. I had several negative experiences prior but the relationship with ANA and price kept United as an option until today."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Phoenix with United Airlines. 7 hour delay. The plane has no phone charger and flight is 2+ hours. The plane offers personal device entertainment but there is no way to charge your phone, and no back of the seat screens. I'm a average size male and there is no leg room and very uncomfortable."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Chicago. We were seated in the business class section of this plane, although the ground staff referred to our seats as first class. We were in seats 1A and 1B. The male flight attendant on this flight very obviously did not like his job - he never once smiled, never once said thank you, please, your welcome - it was if we were an inconvenience to this man. I have never in all my years of travel, encountered a more surly flight attendant. Once we arrive to Chicago (we were on route to Toronto) we deplaned the aircraft and went in search of a board to see what our next gate would be - none were immediately available to us and we walked quite a way in terminal 1. I asked a United ground staff person how we get to Toronto and showed her my ticket, and she proceeded to send us to Terminal 5 - which is outside the security area and at the far end of the airport. This required taking the train, walking a fair distance, and once we arrived the ground staff at the entrance to this terminal advised us we needed to return to Terminal 1! Needless to say, we were not happy. Our flight was scheduled to depart 1 hour after we arrived at this airport (Chicago) and when we finally cleared security (again) and made our way back, the flight was already boarded and our overhead bins were full. And we were flying in seat 2b and 2d (I may have the seat numbers incorrect, but you get the idea - we were again in Business class.) This flight was a treat - the flight attendants were very pleasant, and had to deal with my ranting about being sent all over the airport by United ground staff. The flight was uneventful, but much better than the LA to Chicago route. United needs to get their people trained properly. I will not be flying with this airline in future if I can help it."
"Newark to West Palm Beach. With Mathew hitting Florida, West Palm Beach Thursday and Friday the resorts are closed and evacuated. We were told they hope to reopen early week if the damage is not severe, Our hotel is cancelled, (graciously). United refuses to accommodate us at all in terms of moving dates to next week or refunding. If we choose to travel by July 2017 they will gladly charge us a $200.00 up charge fee per passenger (on a $108.00 ticket!) to use. United is disgusting and I will never book anything with them again!"
"Verified Review | Charleston to Denver. This would have been my first time flying United Airlines and it will never happen again. Hurricane Matthew is supposed to be hitting the charleston area on Friday night. My flight scheduled of course for first thing saturday morning. The entire city of Charleston is being evacuated. Highways are being reversed in the direction out of Charleston on Wednesday at 3pm. We are forced to leave and as a result, will not be in Charleston to catch this flight. As if being displaced wasnt bad enough, United's \"policy\" will not allow me to change my departure city without paying the fare difference. Flying out of the same city early isn't an option because were being evacuated. Flying after the storm means I miss my sisters wedding. Changing cities is now on me as if im not doing everything i can to make this flight. Unreal. No other airline has ever been this insensitive or unaccomodating."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Chicago. Check in was difficult because the staff was having trouble with another customer. Fortunately, I did not have any luggage to check, so the self check worked fine. Lunch was horrible. The roast beef sandwich was soggy and tasteless. I also did not receive a receipt and had to call three times to have a receipt for lunch emailed to me, not immediately, but within 10 to 14 business days. No receipt available on board. Not a problem, because in the future, I will not buy any food on UA."
"Verified Review | Milan to San Jose via Newark. We get to Milano Malpensa to find out that our flight has been delayed 1 hour 40 min due to mechanical problems. The lady at the counter said that since we were arriving to Newark and probably missing our connection to San Jose, Costa Rica she gave us boarding passes for the flight we were \"Supposedly booked on\" , and for the flight the next morning, since the flight we were booked on was in the evening. So, after the 4.5 hours of delay we were finally called to board. The flight was good, and we hoped to find that the flight in the evening got delayed so we didn't have to stay in an airport hotel and hop on the flight the next morning. So, we get to Newark and realize on the United app that our flight to SJO had taken off 2 min before we landed. We passed through security, which took 1 hour 20 min, we went to the counter and asked for a hotel room to spend the night and hop on the flight we had already been booked in for SJO the next morning. The whole flight was in there, trying to do the same as us, so we spent another 2 hrs shouting at the counter lady who didn't want to give us a room. We argued until she did and we suffered a long line before. When we got to the hotel in a shuttle, we noticed this place was old and nasty."
"We flew Chicago to San Francisco for my wife's cardiac procedure. Since we wanted good seats, we booked early and got seats on the two-seat side very far up in Economy Plus. (That plane has a 2-5-2 configuration.) However, when we printed out our boarding pass the day before the flight, United had left my wife with the window seat but moved me about 25 yards back in the 5-seat section. We were shocked. There was no change of equipment, which might have explained it. No explanation, no apology. When we got to the airport, I said to the attendant at our gate that we chose our seats well in advance, so by rights those two seats together should be ours. She gave me a sly smile and said, in effect, \"No, you have no right to those seats. United retains the right to reassign seating for no reason or any reason, and that's what we've done.\" Chalk it up to declining competition in the airline industry. With so few competitors, United feels they can treat their customers like pawns that they freely move around on the board at their whim. Last April we flew on United from Paris to Chicago non-stop. Once the doors were closed and the pilot taxiing to the runaway, the flight attendant said, in effect, \"You think we're flying non-stop from Paris to Chicago. We're not. We're flying from Paris to Newark where this flight will end.\" The explanation: the pilot's maximum flying hours expired when we got to Newark. We were delayed many hours at Newark before they lined up a plane for us to take to Chicago. Again, passengers are just pawns."
"Verified Review | Columbus to Chennai via Washington. Worst experience with customer service. It took me 4 hours to finally get to an agent who took time to listen to my concern. I accidentally clicked on Cancel instead of Change and called them immediately to help me with the situation. But instead of helping me, they told straight that it will be additional $300 change fee (the previous consultant told me was $200 only). I was on call with them for 1.5 hours - out of which I talked for only 20 minutes hardly and they had be on hold for the rest of the time. Accidents like this happen, the airline could have helped me out, but that was not the case. I don't have an option to get out as I dont want to lose so much money which I already paid."
"Verified Review | My daughter and I flew to Heathrow from Lexington and our first flight via Chicago went well. Plane departed and arrived on time. Unfortunately, the next leg of the trip wasn't as good. We sat in the plane in the heat for over an our before the plane departed. Once we were in the air, I took off my shoes and unfortunately slipped on the plastic runner under my seat and broke my toe on the seat in front of me. I mentioned it to the flight attendant who said I could have a wheelchair waiting for me at the gate in Heathrow - I declined as I felt I needed to at least try to walk, this was the beginning of my vacation with my daughter. The next thing that happened was that my special food order (gluten free) wasn't available. They said they never got the order although I had specially made the order on-line before my flight. I had to make do with another meal and the same with breakfast. The exact same thing happened on my return flight to the U.S. even though I'd made sure the order was done on-line once again. On the return flight, the flight attendant went to first class to get me some fruit and cheese. The plane was so old and tattered (both ways), the bathroom had ashtrays inside. The entertainment was non-existent with a tiny screen on the seat in from about the size of two decks of cards. All of the movies started at the same time so we were unable to choose anything that hadn't already started. Even if I'd been able to choose something, it would have been impossible to hear as the plane was so loud that my ears were buzzing long after the flight. Everything was old and tattered. What has made me even more irritated is that I received an email asking me to rate my journey (both ways). I mentioned these things and haven't heard a word from United. The reason I've given this review three stars instead of one is that three of our four flights were reasonably on-time with no lost luggage."
"Verified Review | Honolulu to Memphis via Houston with United Airlines. The worst flight experience I've had in a long while. First, the charging plugs on my entire row was not working. All the flight attendants said was \"oh I'm sorry, I'll write it up.\" I had to press the issue until I was given an alternative to getting my devices charged. The next thing was discovered when we landed in Houston, was that we was not going to make our connection to Memphis. So we was directed to customer service. We were given a later flight, but they failed to inform us that that flight was delayed as well. We found it out while on our way to our gate, by text message. They knew that that flight was delayed long before we got our flight rebooked. They allow flights to be booked too close together so there is no way the connection can be made. And they fail to inform people about delays until the last second. Then all they can say is \"I'm sorry\" So empty, so sad. Now if we do not comply with their rules and schedules, they can decline our flight, without refund. Now how is that fair? They can mess up in every way and nothing is done except to say \"I'm sorry.\" Not a happy camper - all my plans have been changed due to United Airlines messing up."
"Los Angeles to Newark with United Airlines. This has been the absolute worst experience I have ever had with an airline. My flight was cancelled after sitting on the plane for 2 hours (this is not that bad part), and I had to scramble to get a new ticket out to EWR. I was able to get an American Airlines flight out (through United customer service). For my return trip, somehow my ticket was cancelled and no one at United could help. I spent hours on the phone and all I got was \"sorry we cannot do anything to reissue the ticket, and you need to contact AA\". I spoke to about 5 separate people, who put me on hold for at least a half hour at a time. Finally I called AA, and they called United with me, to try to understand how it became an AA issue. All of a sudden, United figured out the problem (after another 45 minutes on hold with the AA staff). Travel with American Airlines - they'll actually help you figure out the problem best they can, instead of dismissing you like United!"
"Verified Review | Vancouver to Chicago. Just the worst round trip ever. 6:30 am departure cancelled and have to route through SFO at 8:55. Arrived in Chicago at 9pm, a good 8 hours late. Coming back, flight delayed from 12:20pm to 1:40, then to 4:05, then 6:30. Tracking the planes flight - it was coming from Providence, RI and would have been impossible to make the 1:20. They like to slow play the delays on you. One thing is that the App is very helpful keeping track of delays, cancellations and gate changes. Which is the only thing that is for sure. Boarded the plane and waited over an hour for pilots! No air con, no wash water in the toilets. Just the most poorly managed airline out there. Could be Chicago O'Hare in general, but see lots of other planes coming and going so don't think so."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to San Francisco to Cancun. I will never fly with them again. It was my first and definitely my last time. I was 8 hours early to my flight and when I got to my destination my baggage was not there. I filed a report and they told me that my luggage is still in San Francisco! I waited over 24 hours for them to bring me my luggage. I was told by phone that I could purchase a couple of things that I needed for a maximum of $100 dollars until my luggage arrives and that I would be reimbursed once I sent them a receipt of what I purchased (along with a couple of forms). I went ahead and bought a swimming suit and a shirt. All together my total was $65. It's been a month later and they haven't got back to me! I called them over 5 times and have emailed them with all the forms they wanted 4 times. If you need to call their 1800 number don't even bother, they are unhelpful and inturrupt you before you finish your sentence. Also my luggage was 56 pounds on the way back and they charged me $168 dollars for it. I get home and check my statement online and I notice that they charged me $168 twice instead of once. Overall this has been a vacation from hell. I encourage you to spend the extra money and fly with an airline that cares about their costumers."
"Verified Review | Flew from Chicago, IL to Omaha, NE. I am not particularly picky when it comes to flying, because I have flown a lot. I had to review United Airlines, though because of how bad of a trip this airline caused me. The flight attendants were rude and completely inappropriate. One attendant shouted at a little girl for tapping her because she needed a drink. If you are in group 5 when boarding, you can kiss any overhead space goodbye because it will be gone and you will have to check your luggage. This has happened to me every time I had flown with United which is at least 5 times. Yes, the tickets are cheaper, but you might as well pay a little more for a better experience."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Omaha. Literally the worst airline and service I have ever flown. I am not particularly picky when it comes to flying, because I have flown a lot. I had to review United Airlines, though, because of how bad of a trip this airline caused me. The flight attendants were rude and inappropriate! One attendant yelled at a little girl for tapping her because she needed a drink. If you are in group 5 when boarding, you can kiss any overhead space goodbye because it will be gone and you will have to check your luggage. This has happened to me every time I had flown with United which is at least 5 times. Yes, the tickets are cheaper, but you might as well pay a little more for a better experience."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Sioux Falls via Chicago. I have been flying United twice a week for business. United never seems to be proactive to check their carry on bags, so a group of people typically has to deboard the plane to go up and check their bags. Usually they have two extremes where they check everyone's or no ones. Let's standardize, United. During this flight, people asked to check their bag and the boarding lady denied them, causing a big back up. She seemed clueless and new without any help. When I got on the plane after I checked my bag, people were still trying to leave the plane to check their bag. The flight attendant yelled at me to slide into a seat when I got to my row and already asked my seat mates if I could get to my window seat. The flight attendant then gave me a dirty look-exactly how I wanted to start my morning. I just hope my return flight leaves on time, which is only on time 40% of the time (source: United.com). I have been thinking about matching my status to Delta because United has not lived up to its friendly airlines motto."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Chicago with United Airlines. What an ordeal. My first flight from Monterey to San Francisco was delayed due to fog which is completely understandable. The attendant in Monterey did an amazing job rerouting my flight and giving me back up options. However, when I got to SFO, it was a different story. The connecting flight did not make it in on time so I needed to reschedule yet again. The staff member at the customer service desk was incredibly unprofessional. They were telling jokes and speaking in a different language on their cell phone while they were with customers, and we're just downright inattentive. The customer service in SFO was terrible. Luckily the flights went smoothly from there on out, but my experience in SFO was absolutely terrible."
"Verified Review | Cincinnati to Geneva via Washington / London. Worst experience ever! I knew most US based airlines were not good from several past experiences, but this time United went far below any expectations. Boarded a plane that the crew knew had a problem, and had to unboard after they could not fix the problem. - This because these planes look old, worn out and not appealling, or reassuing to fly. - Had no certaintiy whether flight would be canceled or not until 3 hours after initial take off time. Got rerouted and was not given option to take earlier connection which had a 1h40 mns transit time. Instead, I was given a connection time in Heathrow of 4.5 hours! Little details like your meal choice cannot be satisfied as they do not board enough meals to give people a real choice. When I complained about this to the hostess, I got a cold answer: \"How would we do business if we board more meals than passengers to give everyone in business class a choice?\". I answered her back: \"well, may be you should ask all the other airlines I fly how they do it: European, Asian, Middle Eastern\". I have a senator status with Star alliance, supposed to be a valued customer. The worst airline experience - I highly discourage everyone from flying, and I obviously will never fly again."
"Verified Review | Our flight, 415 United, supposed to leave at 11:15 pm from LA to Newark, was the worst flight experience I have had and I am appalled at how United handled this. We first waited 25 minutes outside in the dark to go through security due to the construction. Our flight was delayed by 3 hours. There were no seats at the gate since there were multiple United flights that were delayed. Later our gate was changed with no announcement from 74 to 72. When we asked an United employee at the first gate, she had no idea which gate was correct. It was finally determined gate 72 was the correct gate. When we went over to gate 72, there were no lights and they were completing construction with drilling, jack-hammering, and shouting right next to us. It was extremely loud, we were sitting in the dark, with no United employee in sight. Our flight, initially delayed to 1:15 am continued to get pushed back. When I went to use the restroom before our flight, the restrooms were disgusting. When an United employee finally came to our gate and I expressed my concern that not only were we severely delayed and sitting in the dark with an absurd noise level, but now there weren't even restroom facilities available, she told me there was nothing she could do and dismissed me. Due to United's delay, our arranged transportation home from the Newark airport had to be adjusted causing significant inconvenience. I could not believe the lack of communication, unsanitary conditions, disorganization, and the complete lack of professionalism we experienced from United. It was the worst experience and a complete disgrace at the end of our honeymoon."
"Flew from Tucson to Denver. After many miles with United, I have concluded that: 1) The company and most of the employees just don't care about service. 2) They will cancel flights at the last minute when the planes are not full. 3) They have a lot of \"mechanical problems\", and the lie about the expected departure time to prevent you from making other arrangements. 4) Their attitude is \"take it or leave it\". I suggest you take the latter option when you can."
"Oslo to Savannah via Newark. Flight was on time both leaving Oslo and arriving in Savannah, but both planes were dirty with trash left in seat pockets and dirty tray tables. Toilet didn't flush properly because it was so full. Food was very disappointing, and I am not a fussy eater. In Newark we waited almost an hour for our baggage to be delivered on the carousel, causing some passengers to miss their connecting flights. We barely made ours even though we had plenty of time. We re-checked our 3 bags for our short flight from EWR to SAV, but only 2 of the bags showed up in SAV. One was lost and delivered to us the day after we arrived. One of the bags that made it all the way was ripped in transit. I will avoid United flights in the future if possible."
"Verified Review | Nashville to Houston. Literally every time I fly United it is the worst flight experience. Not only are their planes horribly outdated, but the staff and flight attendants are rude. I flying to be at a wedding this weekend and I'm horribly sick. I asked a flight attendant for help lifting my carry on bag and she rudely said if I couldn't lift it myself I'd have to go back and check it because lifting baggage isn't her job. I politely told her I'd take care of it. But seriously, where is the excellent customer service and just general kindness anymore? I don't plan on ever flying United again after the multiple bad experiences that I've had with them."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Kauaʻi. What a way to ruin the start of my vacation! To be laid over 6+ hours, first \"maintenance\" and now the cleaners! I was willing to overlook the first 2.5 hours but now? I am Not happy and to hear just \"sorry\". Not good. I read the reviews before writing mine and was convinced to add my own dismay! No mention of how any of us will be compensated for this situation. The difference between a first class business vs second class. Lost a whole day thanks to United."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to London Heathrow. Upon check-in, I was extremely surprised to see that my seat hasn't been assigned and it said 'see agent' instead. I spoke to one of the customer service representative who informed me that this is what happens when the flight is oversold and that they will assign me a seat at the gate. She also said that the only seats available are middle seats. It is the first time something like this happened to me and I was really shocked, especially when buying the ticket I requested for a window seat. Does that mean that request are then being ignored, the company oversells flights and does not care about their customers (while flying 11 hours)? Well, that's how it looks like."
"There are not enough exclamatory adjectives in the English language to describe how I feel about United Airlines. The airline - specifically its customer-facing operations - is simply terrible. My flight was from Moscow to New York on August 31st. On August 30th I get an automated email saying that my flight is scheduled as planned. I noticed that they had the wrong time of flight in the email. So, I went online and verified the correct flight time (a flight at the time they sent me didn't exist). When I arrived at the airport and began the check-in process there was no record of me in the system. The kiosks gave me \"not found\" and the personnel at the counters confirmed the same. My flight was in two hours and I was starting to panic. I called United Airlines and got an agent. I explained my situation, told the agent that it was urgent and I was about to miss my flight, and asked if I could speak to a supervisor. The agent put me on a very long hold and then disconnected me. After a number of similar calls to the call center I finally got an agent - an hour later - that told me that somebody at UA had deleted my record from the system on the morning of my flight and I no longer had a seat on that plane. Really UA? Wow. Given the number of long holds, disconnects, and agents not able to correctly diagnose and resolve the problem from the start, I missed my flight. I had to take a later flight that day which made a mess of my plans. I will not use United Airlines again. It bends my mind that an airline could simply remove a paying customer from a confirmed flight without notification and leave him to sort out the mess at check-in. A mess that was met, not with any apologies or concern for my predicament, but with endless hold times, disconnects, and supervisors that are \"too busy at the moment\". With so many choices, why chose an airline clearly doesn't give a damn about its customers? I certainly won't."
"Verified Review | Newark to Cincinnati. I have now flown with United three times, the first was delayed 4 hours. The second was cancelled, then had to wait for 5 hours for another plane that was apparently overbooked then flown out on a plane the next morning. Finally the fourth time, I am here sitting in the plane delayed 3 hours and sitting next to the gate. I have had horrible experiences with United, there will not be a fifth time. They cannot keep a schedule and do not offer anything in recompense. Do not fly United unless you do not value your time."
"Verified Review | Salt Lake City to Chicago O'Hare. Terrible at keeping flights on time or listening to customers. I came four hours before my flight, I was going to work from the airport. When I arrived at the airport I received an email saying my flight was delayed, this delay was going to make catching my connecting flight very unlikely. I approached the counter and told the woman of my concerns, if there was a flight I could catch sooner, fly to a different hub, etc. she said I would be fine. My reply was that if the flight was delayed even 1 more minute I would miss my connection. 4 hours later were supposed to start boarding and I get a new notification saying my flight was delayed another hour. I was going to miss my connection. I approached the desk, there were now no more flights that could get me to my destination, none even in the same state as my destination! So I had to rebook for two days later. I wasted my PTO of two days, shortening my vacation, wasted money on cab fares to and from my house and back for my next flight, they don't reimburse and just frustration that they couldn't be proactive in the situation to find a solution. So here I am two days later, didn't get to choose my seat, I'm checking in and notice there are aisle seats further up than mine that are open and I ask the woman at the desk to please change my seat. She said to do that at the gate. By the time I got through security and up to the gate all those seats were gone. More frustration. One small change could have improved today but the lack of care and sense of urgency from the United team has made my respect for the company vanish. They don't care how you feel, they don't care about your time, your money, your enjoyment of their services. Somewhere along the way they must have forgotten it's their customers who make them."
"I purchased a ticket for my daughter from Oslo, Norway to Seattle, via London and San Francisco. Her United Airlines flight out of London was more than five hours delayed, which made her miss her flight in San Francisco. The plane from London to San Francisco was without any entertainment, on a flight that took more than ten hours. I joined her on our flight from Seattle to Oslo, via San Francisco and Frankfurt. The flight out of San Francisco was almost two hours late and they managed to arrive late in Frankfurt. We barely made our flight to Oslo, but our luggage did not. The worst part of the UA experience was the flight from San Francisco. There was no entertainment and the promised wi-fi did not work. Some of the flight attendants promised to help with the wi-fi, but never returned. Some of the flight attendants were nice, but some were also rude. In the future, I will go to the greatest lengths to avoid UA and will definitely warn others against using this airline."
"Our flight was supposed to be leaving Washington DC at 8.15am. Once we boarded, the captain informed us we would have to get off because they were having some problems. First the re-boarding time was 9am, then it changed to 10.30am, then to 1pm. Upset, I went to the help desk to see if they could put me on a different flight or give me any information at all. The woman I spoke with was extremely rude and no help whatsoever. Halfway through our conversation she actually walked away from me to go ask someone when she could take her lunch. She gave me a food voucher and shooed me away. Extremely upset and disappointed."
"San Francisco to Newark with United Airlines. UA added a $150 unaccompanied minor fee for my nearly 16 year old daughter and almost cancelled the flight on me. If you are going to charge this ridiculous fee, let your customers know up front they have to pay it. My 15 year old who has flown all over the world and has never been charged a fee but could not fly alone on a non-stop flight to SFO. You should not add a fee on after and threaten to cancel her flight. I have a half a million United miles on my accounts and have been loyal for years but after today I have to say I will never fly United if I have a choice and will happily spread the word about this terrible customer service."
"I had a horrible experience with United Airlines and will not be flying with them again. The staff were rude at all encounters. Firstly, I was told the cabin was too full for my carry-on bag so I had to give it to a crew member to put it with the checked baggage. My connecting flight from Newark to Halifax was cancelled until the next day due to the weather. We stood in a line for an hour and half to talk to an incredibly rude staff member, who told us they would do nothing to help accommodate us for the night of expenses. They refused to return my checked luggage to me which I needed, and assured me it would be on my flight the next day. When we were on the flight the next day going to Halifax, we paid the fee to rent a movie, as United Airlines does not provide free movies like other airlines. We then found out that even if you pay you cannot start at the beginning of the movie, you start wherever the movie is at, as they run on a repeating cycle. Therefore we accidentally watched the last 5 minutes of the movie we paid to see. Also want to mention that of the four planes taken on this trip only one had a TV which was not free. Two of these flights were two hours long and two were five hours long. United Airlines also advertises free wifi on the plane, which doesn't work. Upon arriving to Halifax, of course my bag was lost."
"Verified Review | I am sick and fed up with United Airlines. I have taken an internal flight from Portland to San Francisco and to Singapore. I have clearly indicated that my mileage are to be credited to Kris Flyer account and it is printed on my boarding pass. However, when I checked my mileage, United made a mistake and credited the miles to my United account instead. When I reach out to their customer service, all they can do is to say that they cannot do anything at all. This level of service is totally unacceptable."
"Cleveland to Birmingham via Newark with United Airlines. Since the merger with Continental I have never seen a company go so far downhill in its customer service. Having flown for a number of years on this route I can actually compare. I am shocked, disappointed and extremely angry by the customer service provided on the ground. Flights delayed (no shock there, we were at Newark) but the inability for ground staff to give any information. Then we come to the actual flight. When I see these advertisements on T.V I am beyond frustrated. We pay a huge chunk of money to fly transatlantic and get put on planes that are old. No space. and we then pay this huge amount of money to feel like sardines in a can. We are lucky to be treated like people, spoken to like idiots, and then have to watch a fantastic safety video (on a screen that probably doesn't work), which also cost millions to make. We are then told that all these changes make our flying lives more comfortable. Tired, disappointed and supremely angry. Unless I have no choice, I never want to fly United again."
"Verified Review | Washington to Amsterdam. This was one of my leisure travels where I was traveling with family and a younger sibling. BusinessFirst\" does consist of nice lie flat beds, you can lie flat and sleep for the most part; as well as the meals being consistently nice. This is something that I can say that United has done well over the past few years. As for the negatives. The businessfirst cabin is cramped. Cram as many people together as close together to the point you can't but help to stare at your neighbors. Economy plus has a little bit more legroom but hardly worth the extra money if you have to pay for it. This older 767 has dated IFE, screens that are 4 inches wide and may you be lucky if they work. Seats in Econ+ are old, and often broken and hindered in legroom by the IFE boxes. That being said there is extreme value in the price of a UA ticket. The tickets are often $200 cheaper than competing airlines. Furthermore the cabins are grungy, dirty and not clean. You notice a felling of stale air and dirt the second you come into the cabin. I flew with my sibling who is a minor, very much a minor as he is still in elementary school. He was booked in United Economy on an award ticket, I in United Businessfirst paid. I asked the United Agents at checkin if he could sit with me in the business cabin as there where plenty of seats in the cabin still available. I was declined because of the \"scarcity\" of meals and asked once again when boarded if he could take an empty seat. The purser was kind enough to ask and with some humiliation, when I pressed him for an answer, he answered that there were not enough seats. As for experience onboard with the staff, it can vary 50/50. Staff are usually quite friendly in the business cabin; but this can also be a polar opposite with glaring stares, cold shoulder treatment and curt responses. Delays on United are not a surprise, they are the rule. I have missed countless engagements, meetings etc because of United's inability to stick to schedule. Again this flight was no different. We boarded, and were advised there was a faulty fresh water valve failure. We were on board for 1 hour before the pursers and FAs advised us to deplane and wait outside whilst they resolved the issue or found a resolution. I went to sit in the Global First Lounge - every other lounge that I've been to is nicer - to await the resolution. Another 3 hours progresses before we are able to board another plane (aircraft swap) to continue on our way to Amsterdam. Albeit this isn't the most disappointing trip I've made with United, the narrative does become a golden rule to flying with United. Hope this helps others make informed choice."
"Verified Review | My wife and I just returned from a trip to Portugal that started at Newark Airport on August 6th. We have never experienced such a bad quality of service. After boarding a plane and been ready to take off at 8:25 pm, we had the announcement informing us that we had to go back to the gate due to a computer problem in order for the technicians to fix it. After getting the OK from maintenance, the plane was pushed back, but it stopped a few moments later. After another 30 minutes waiting, we got the announcement from the cabin telling us that the plane had to go back to the terminal because of the same problem. Back at the gate we were told to disembark and take all our belongings because it would take at least a couple of hours to fix the problem. A few minutes later the crew starts leaving the plane and we asked why? The lady says: nobody told you yet? The plane is only leaving at 7:00 am because the crew already used the hours and the pilot can't fly the plane. Then the announcement comes from the counter, but they also tell us that there are no hotels in the area to take everybody, so we will have to stay in the terminal. What about food? A $10 voucher when a sandwich costs $9:99. The night was over. Let's board again and be on the way to Lisbon. We had to wait for another 2 hours, in the plane, for the paperwork from maintenance to clear the work that had been done overnight. We finally took off at 9:30 am, 12 hours later. Just out of curiosity: United claims to be one of the biggest airlines and doesn't have another plane and a crew on standby to respond to this kind of situations? We didn't see one single supervisor in 12 hours."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Chicago to Las Vegas. The employees seemed unconcerned and unmotivated that this flight was 2 hrs late. 2 gate changes and three departure delays. There was no explanation or apology. They fail to realize the hardship of missed connections and the costly time consuming consequences. United fell to the very bottom of my many choices to fly in the future."
"Verified Review | My wife and I have just returned from a trip to the USA (Newark to Sydney via San Francisco) flying United Airlines business class. We’ve flown a lot over the years but have never experienced an airline service quite as bad as this one. After a long flight from Sydney we faced a 6-hour delay in San Francisco awaiting a connection to Chicago. At one point we boarded a plane and were preparing for take-off. The plane was actually waiting on the runway for the go ahead to fly. Astoundingly, we get a cabin announcement informing us that we were to be taken back to the terminal as the pilot had gone over his assigned ‘flight hours’ and couldn’t fly the plane. You couldn’t make this stuff up. Confusion reigned for the next few hours while United staff gave conflicting information. Firstly, we were told to stay on the plane and wait for a replacement pilot. We were then told we’d need to disembark. One said we'd definitely be flying that day while another said we might not as they might not be able to get a pilot. Eventually, a pilot did arrive and we did fly out that day. Unfortunately, the return leg didn’t improve. We were scheduled to fly from Newark airport to San Fran where we would catch another flight to Sydney. As time was tight between when the flight from Newark was due to arrive and our connection from San Fran was due to depart, we decided to arrive at Newark airport early to see if we could change to an earlier flight. We were told by a rather surly United staff member that all earlier flights were fully booked. Strangely – when I checked my baggage in, the check in screen told me that for $75.00 I could take an earlier flight. After passing security, we decided to go to the United lounge and ask service staff about any other options for taking an earlier flight. When staff saw the tight connection time between the two flights they were in disbelief. They told us that this was an illegal connection and we should not have been able to even book it. They then offered to put us on standby and as it happened, we were able to get an earlier flight. On arrival at San Fran, my wife noted that an email had been sent to her from her work. When we hadn’t boarded our ‘booked’ flight from Newark our flight from San Francisco to Sydney had been cancelled. Service staff confirmed this and notified that our booked seats had already been sold and we might not be able to get seats on the flight. We were eventually assigned new seats but we might as well have saved our money and gone economy. Passengers were walking through the cabin all night and we had to put up with a screaming baby and the stench of diaper changes. The service was woeful and I’ve had better in economy on other airlines. Our seats hadn’t been cleaned properly - there was rubbish and the screen control device was so sticky and dirty my wife had to wipe it down herself. Finally, when we arrived in Sydney we went to the baggage claim. After waiting an hour for our baggage we decided to check where it might be. Surprise, our baggage was still in San Fran. This despite asking United staff numerous times that our luggage was on the flights and receiving their full assurances. The service person in Sydney noted it was a common occurrence with United. When we turned around there was a line of United customers with the same issue. I realise others have had far worse flight experience, but ours wasn’t great. You come away with the feeling that the dollar is definitely a priority over the customer."
"Verified Review | Another huge disappointment with United. I was traveling to Sao Paulo on August 13th. I understand weather related issues and the 1 hr delay but once again the communication with United is just terrible and don’t get me started on the attitude from the United personnel. They kept us on the plane for more than 1 hour because they couldn’t move the gate bridge and maintenance was working on it. After weather and Gate Bridge delays, we left 140 minutes late but the problem is that 40 minutes after takeoff, pilot announcement was extremely disconcerting. “Ladies and Gentlemen, we have a problem because we are getting some warning signs and the Autopilot doesn’t work so we will have to get back to the closest mayor airport but we will not declare any emergency”. Once again having problems, I don’t know if it’s just me that I travel too much or just bad luck. Unfortunately I have had more and more issues with United and for once I realize status doesn’t mean anything as some United representatives are rude and disrespectful and they can’t resolve problems. I guess I didn’t get any compensation because I decided to cancel my trip as I was only going to be in Brazil for 36 hrs after all of this issue. I had 3 customers by themselves in Brazil and this was really costly to the company but I guess United doesn’t really care about it. If this was a onetime thing, from time to time, it would be fine, but its almost every international overseas flight a take (7-8 a year) and then, several domestics as well."
"Verified Review | Flew Houston to Ottawa via Newark. The previous reviews I can vouch for. This airline is uniformly dire and I question why Air NZ places its passengers on this carrier if not for Star Alliance. In same league as Air China, which is also Star Alliance. On the plus side, my bags made it from NZ to Ottawa. Now for the negatives: overbooked cramped flights (offered usd 400 and usd 150 on both flights to take later flight - no thanks). Service with a snarl. Thanks to unexplained delays at Newark, my trip became 26 hr ordeal rather than a 23 hr ordeal. Zero service on the late night flight to Ottawa (like I said, just glad my bags arrived). Star Alliance should enforce minimum quality standards amongst ifs members. Clearly there is a disconnect."
"Verified Review | Baltimore to Los Angeles via Chicago. This was one of the worst travel experiences of my life. They overbooked the first flight by 19 people and even though I was in group 2 for boarding did not give me a seat number forcing me to be the last on the plane and making me check my bag due to there being no storage space. Once we arrived in Chicago we were out on a very old dated plane with torn seats. We they say for hours as they tried to out safety signs onto one of the doors. They for some reason did not have these signs and stickers in stock so they had to manufacture them. Completely unacceptable. The cherry on top being the rude agents working the gate area that could not be bothered to answer simple questions or do anything but okay on their cell phones."
"Verified Review | 1st June. Domestic flight with United Airlines. Economy class. The aircraft was an Embraer 175, it was not that comfortable for an almost 3 hour flight from Newark (EWR) to Memphis (MEM). They did serve some types of soft drinks, juice and water for free, but if someone wanted a beer, it was expensive (7.99 USD). The cabin was ok and quite clean, but not up to the standards I am used to. The crew were anyway polite and efficient."
"Took my sister on her very first flight to visit my brother in Maine. Booked a flight on United Airlines and expected this flight to be no different than all the many other flights I have taken, but never with United. It was not only the worst flight I have ever had, it was a total nightmare! We left Austin, TX on time no problem. Arrived at O'Hare and the was the last of what was supposed to be a positive experience for my sister. When we arrived we proceeded to our departing gate, C7. No one ever came to inform us that the flight had been delayed. I go to a customer service desk, leaving my sister to watch our carry ons. Our flight was to depart at 7:20pm, it was 7:00. By the time I reached the customer service area the line was snaked around and way down the hall way. I stood in line for 4 hours! When I get to the front I was then informed that our flight had been canceled and we would be on stand by for the next available flight to Maine. When I asked when that may be she rudely told me that it will not be tonight but tomorrow morning. When I asked her what we were supposed to do she gave me a voucher for a discount to a hotel, but we would have to be back at the airport by 4:30am to be on stand by. Why bother going to a hotel? We would only get about two hours of sleep if that. They didn't even offer blankets or pillows! When we finally were informed that we would be called for the next flight I found out that only one of us would be called. I told them that we were together and we will not be separated - that was not what I paid for! My sister was terrified that we would end up on separate flights! Acting like we were severely inconveniencing him he told us to take a seat and wait. We finally were called and boarded, but in separate seats. Needless to say, this was not a very good experience for my sister and I was beyond upset. When I called the next day to change return flights for a day later, again I was made to feel like I was being an inconvenience. The return flight was not as bad, but we were delayed at O'Hare again and we did not get to sit together - again. Never will I fly United Airlines again!"
"Verified Review | Tucson to Ottawa via Newark. Although the aircraft is relatively new, the sardine layout makes it feel very cramped. At the end, it took 15-20 min for the exiting line to reach rows 32-34. It is that difficult to exit as the middle and window seats are unable to get ready at all. More annoying however, the 3-4 hr flights are without infotainment, except the one you pay via WIFI. Considering that UA dropped me and many others, on connecting flights that commence boarding 5-10 minutes before landing, it is obvious that you have no time whatsoever to charge devices - not if going from UA to UA flight. Besides the lack of USB or any other ports, they want you to download their own apps and software, and hopefully be sucked into an UA wifi spending spree. Food? What food? There was water at some point. Given the narrow lane and 3x3, yes it took 60 min for the water cart to make it midway."
"I recently planned a trip with a friend to Colorado then on to California. All flights were with United. Circumstances caused my friend to have to change to an earlier flight and leave for California without me. Since I had made all travel arrangements I called United's customer service line to make the changes. They said it would cost $200 to change flights. I said that was no problem and they gave me a departure time and flight number. I got off the phone relieved that I was able to get a flight for him at the correct time. Some time later I realized that I had not been asked for any payment information. That couldn't be right so I called customer service back and spoke with an agent who assured me that the flight was confirmed and paid for. I repeated to her that I was supposed to be charged $200. She said somebody must've made a mistake and I got lucky. I was told I would receive confirmation by email. Over an hour passed and no email. Called customer service again. I was told that they didn't know why I didn't get the email and again assured me that everything was confirmed. Next morning we drove over an hour from Colorado Springs to the Denver airport. I dropped him off and went back to my hotel in Colorado Springs. About 4 hours later I got a call from my friend. There were no flights confirmed! No one had any idea what he was talking about or how that could possibly have happened. He had to wait over 5.5 hours hours in the airport beyond his scheduled departure time for a flight that he would not even have gotten had someone not canceled at the last minute. How on earth could this happen with a major airline. Never again on United Airlines!"
"Verified Review | Chicago O'Hare to Denver. A window seat was booked and when I checked in I got an aisle. They also put me way in the back where the distance between the seat is slightly shorter. Can't even tilt seat back this is the most uncomfortable ride I have ever been on."
"Verified Review | The ground screening service in Toronto was the longest ever experienced - 45 minutes and we had not moved inches. Then the two United Airlines employees realized and felt the need to split the lines into a \"Denver\" only route and \"non-Denver.\" We had started -3h check in, we were 1h20 from flight and still had not cleared check in! It is as if deliberate to be slow. Eventually, a short rush and was through. Take off was punctual, staff was efficient, but aircraft a complete disappointment. 5 hrs of flight in two legs, no entertainment and no food - Welcome to the 'new United,' where no expense is wasted. Makes no sense, and severely retrograde versus anything else in Europe."
"United Airlines from Atlanta to Bangor. I am writing this from a cot in the Chicago airport. Weather in Chicago and my destination means my connecting flight was cancelled. I had to wait in line for five hours to be told that no, they couldn't do anything for me (no hotel voucher etc as the cancellation was due to weather) and my best bet was to try to hop on an earlier flight in the morning. Well, I guess I got a bag of toiletries for my trouble. The flight wasn't exactly terrible; we were diverted to refuel which took forever but it's not United's fault. The flight attendants were nice but seemed untrained or misinformed. My main complaint is having to wait in line for five hours to be told they couldn't do anything."
"Newark to Las Vegas via Los Angeles. My initial flight was supposed to leave EWR at 9am. We didn't leave the gate until 10:05am and we took off between 10:40 & 10:50am. The flight staff stated that the delay was due to a mechanical issue with the door. My connecting flight at LAX left on time which I missed because the layover was one hour and one minute long. My flight arrived to LAX at 12:54pm, 1 hour and 20 minutes late. United changed my flight to a Delta flight that was to depart at 3:22pm but is now departing at 6:30pm due to extreme heat conditions. I contacted United who kept me on hold for over 50 minutes and ultimately spoke to me for less than 3 before abruptly hanging up. The customer service representative refused to make any adjustments, offered no compensation, didn't apologize, and refused to acknowledge that the initial United flight delay because of mechanical issues led to me missing my connection and subsequently being stuck at LAX. His only suggestion, before hanging up, was that I speak to someone at the counter (I am no longer at the United airlines terminal, which he was aware of) and to go to their website to leave feedback about my feelings. I should have been in Las Vegas by 2pm, the latest, and now I'm hopeful that I will arrive by 8pm. I am missing my cirque du soleil show that was to start at 7:30pm."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to London Heathrow with United Airlines. A complete unprofessional airline provider that is not trustworthy. Waited more that 5 hours and they kept moving the departure time 1 hour at the time. Was supposed to leave LAX at 5.45pm. First delay was set to 10pm then 10.15pm then 11.15pm and they don't help at all. They give you a 10$ voucher and tell you to go buy a meal. There staff leave the counters and there is no crew or staff that can help you. A big failure to fly with them!"
"Montego Bay, Jamaica to Huntsville, AL. Absolutely the worst flying experience to date. First flight delayed 2 hours due to mechanical issue, after switching our plane, the next plane was delayed 30 minutes for mechanical issues. Missed connecting flight in Chicago. Went to United Airlines Customer service desk, was told hotels were full, they couldn't help us and \"good luck\" . Had to stay 45 mins out of city that night because no flights out to destination until 14 hours later. Ran up hotel bill, taxi, food bill and missed a day of work. United did get us on flight next day, but never any apologies. Horrible, non maintained aircraft."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines round-trip between Orange County - San Francisco during 4th of July weekend. Flight from Orange County was delayed, but the automated text messages by United on my phone kept me updated. Boarding on ERJ-175 was done from a gate that did not use the Jet Bridge. The jet-engine noise inside ERJ-175 cabin was significantly louder than what I am used to on other domestic flights, but thankfully, it was a short one hour flight. Since I was seated in the rear of the aircraft, the plane had started its descent by the time beverage service came around."
"San Francisco to Monterey with United. Of the 6 legs on a round trip flight, 5 were more than 2 hours late, crews and airport personel were rude and uncaring, this last flight from SFO to MRY was delayed 3 times and then cancelled at 1am leaving us stranded in SFO. The customer service reps said the most they could do was see if they could get some blankets for everyone, no refunds, no bus to get us home, no vouchers, nothing, most people ended up renting cars and driving to the destination. The explanation was 'weather', they gave this standing in front of a Doppler radar map showing no clouds or weather anywhere in the west and the plane was supposed to be coming from Burbank. People in line checked weather apps for Burbank, SFO and Monterey, it was clear and beautiful in all those places and everywhere in between. They use weather as the excuse so they don't have to refund the tickets because it's beyond their control. United employees are so rude it's obvious that they are unhappy and tired of lying to passengers. Staff onboard stood chatting in the galley and are rude to passengers, no please, thank you, etc. Won't take this airline again."
"Verified Review | I have flown United Airlines several times, and they have shown incredible consistency in being the absolutely worst airline. My negative experiences with the airline date back to 2007. As for the present trip under review from New York LaGuardia to Chicago, here are the most relevant issues. First, the flight was delayed leaving the airport by over two hours. There was no explanation given for what led to the delay while we waited at the gate. Second, the space between seats is simply unfairly small. I am a 5' 10\" man who is not at all overweight. And yet, my knees were pressed firmly against the seat in front of me, and the space was so small that I could not open my laptop computer to do work on the flight (my laptop is a MacBook Air, the thinnest model). Third, once in Chicago airspace we were told we could not land and circled the airport for close to an hour. When it finally appeared that we were going to land, the landing was aborted at the very last moment and were re-routed to Detroit. The problem: no information was given that we were heading there, just a little surprise when we arrived at a different airport. Upon exiting the plane, there were no gate agents there to help with booking connecting flights, only the personnel who dealt with lost luggage. I could actually say more negative things about this flight but am limited by space. Suffice it to say that I will absolutely never fly United again unless they are literally the only option in getting to my destination city. I would happily pay double to avoid getting on a United flight."
"I have been flying United Airlines very often from MBS (Saginaw) to ORD and back. Recently since a new company took over the previous ground handling it has been terrible. I have only flown 3 times in the past 3 weeks. The agents at the counter don't help with much at all. The ground handling is very slow. At a small airport like MBS with 3 united flights a day, you should not have to wait for ramp staff to come outside and meet the plane. The previous company AirWis had some of the greatest agents I have ever met and were always very respectful and good at their jobs. The new people need some more workers working a flight at a time so they can turn one on time also."
"Verified Review | Having flown on many different airlines whilst travelling over the years, my family and I decided to opt for a little more comfort while taking an overnight flight from Sacramento to Newark via O'Hare. It turned out that economy plus on United Airlines is a scam to make you pay more money for very little else. We ended up having to pay for checking in bags, the seats were uncomfortable and the added 'leg room' was laughable. I had some box under the seat in front of me that meant i had to move my feet to the left for the flight, very uncomfortable. Staff on the flight were not interested in the economy plus / economy cattle behind the curtain and I was told a flat no when i asked if they had a spare blanket for my son who was freezing. I would never fly United Airlines again, save your money and book another airline that have genuine perks and benefits for your money."
"Verified Review | The United flight 841 from New York JFK to Los Angeles in August 2015 was a so called \"premium service\" one and the flown class was branded as \"BusinessFirst\". Thus led to high expectations which were not met at all. After an efficient boarding process the first disappointments. The cabin made an outdated impression and signs of abrasion were found everywhere; cables fixed with tape, worn armrests and not working lights were just a few of them. The cabin staff was split half-in-half: 50 per cent were very friendly and seemed to care about passengers, however, the other half behaved like their job is a tremendous burden for them and customers seen as a factor of distress. The selection of food found in the menu was good but the quality of the served meals was bluntly put an impertinence; especially the meat was flavourless and rubber-like. The beverages were much better, though the coffee was another letdown. On the positve side, the IFE was very easy to handle and the provided films, games, and music covering a broad palette of tastes. In addition, the price-performance-ratio was straight. Overall it can be stated that there is a lot of space for improvement."
"Verified Review | Flew with United from Denver to Kansai via San Francisco, or at least that was the plan. Before I start, I should mention that I am still a minor, with limited cash on hand and no credit card. I was and still am a relatively high-ranking frequent flyer member with Star Alliance, and this trip was bought with those miles. Straight off the bat my flight was delayed by 2 hours in Denver. There was no explanation as to why it was delayed, but I was directed to the customer service at Denver. There, I was told that I would miss my initial connecting flight that was supposed to take me directly to Kansai, but I could still take my delayed flight out of Denver to catch a flight from SFO to HND, where they would then put me on a flight from HND to KIX. That wasn't ideal, but was better than nothing so I took the offer and left Denver. When I arrived at SFO I was now told that I could not take the flight to HND, because the plane was flown by ANA, not UA. All they tell me is that there is nothing they can do. In the end, their alternative is for me to fly out on a 7:45pm flight from SFO, and then to fly out from HND to KIX at 8am next day. In total they made me wait 7 hrs in SFO and 10hrs in HND. I asked them to book a hotel at HND to spend the night, and all they would tell me is that I should do that at the UA counter in HND, but surprise, surprise the counter at HND was closed as HND is not a 24hr airport and I landed at 10:35pm local time. I ended up having to walk and take buses around HND at midnight. Calling hotels while carrying 4 bags for 2 hours trying to find a hotel that was open. I barley had enough money to pay for the night, and UA wouldn't reimburse me because “I went and booked it myself, not through UA.” If this had been someone that didn't speak Japanese, this probably would have been a far worse experience for them."
"Washington Dulles to Mexico City. We have a round trip from and to DC - the first flight was in economy class, it's the worst economy class I have ever been to, the seats are super super small! I'm 5 ft 9 and my knees were touching the front seat! The second flight was in economy plus and I recommend you flying in this class more than other. It has good leg room and comfy seats. The United ground staff at Dulles are rude, one staff member in the check in area started shouting to us to move. Good thing that the flight attendants were very sweet and cordial. The worst of all is that our plane was supposed to depart at 5:15 we depart at 7:30 - 2 hours of delay!"
"Flew Denver to Detroit. Numbers don't go low enough to rate my review of my experience with United Airlines. My family was scheduled to depart at 11.10am - 5hrs later, two planes taken out of service. A flight crew that walked away from the flight (and passengers), rude gate staff, we are now being told if they can find a replacement flight crew we might have a departure at 6.30pm. If anything can be learned by this experience - don't fly United."
"Cartagena to Edmonton via Houston. Despite some people complaining about United's track record on passenger luggage, all of my luggage was accounted for however I did not like how much of the food and inflight entertainment cost extra. The cabin crew were courteous and the luggage allowance was decent."
"I travelled from Denver to New York and return with United. Very disappointing customer service at the gate and check in. Flights are delayed both ways. You get tiny nuts packet and the staff will not even give one more packet when asked for."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines, first class from Los Angeles - Chicago and return. Service was appalling, other than the wider seat, it may as well have been a coach trip. Shortly after take off, I asked one of the flight attendants for a second serving of nuts, to my shock, she said (actually \"snipped\" was more like it) \"no, we have only one serving per person\". For a first class ticket, you can't get a second thimble of nuts? When lunch was served, it seemed like it took forever, two or three passengers were served after which there were long intervals before the next few passengers were served. There were those who were finishing before we'd even started. As to the preparation - there was not even an attempt to cover the fold up trays with a linen of any kind and the food was not good - unappetizing coach grade cafeteria fare. Internet in both directions was available for a charge - something like $3.99/hour. This, I've never heard of especially in first class. Nonetheless, I paid for the entire flight and could not get it to work in either direction. $20.00 wasted. The condition of the plane felt ok, solid and relatively new - though the electric plug at my seat was loose, and wouldn't hold a cord, the entire socket tipped out with the weight of the electric cord so that was unusable as well. The only redeeming value on the flight were the more comfortable seatings and the fact that the pilot seemed experienced. My question on this flight: other than the more comfortable seats - what did I pay for? This was a very poor excuse for what was supposed to be a first class flight."
"Verified Review | Washington DC to Chicago O'Hare with United. From the employee who checked our bag before entering security in IAD to the final woman who said \"see ya\" in a demeaning tone as we exited the plane in ORD, I have never had more rude customer service through an entire trip in my life. Will never book with them again."
"Flew United Airlines from London Heathrow to Newark, USA. Flight was early and took off early which was great. Lots of room as flight half empty. Cabin staff came round with drinks x 2 quite quickly into flight, then not seen again. Seen sitting at back of plane chatting on trips to toilet. On boarding plane I banged my face on window in between walkway and plane. Large egg came up on my eye. I reported it to cabin crew who were not interested in my discomfort. Staff looked smart in appearance but was not impressed with attitude. Entertainment good enough. Food below average, could have gone without."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to London with United. Worst lounge and worst food in Business Class that I have ever had. The company I work for always selects the cheapest business class flight from LHR to SFO and so I have tried quite a few - BA, Virgin etc. Apart from the seat that goes flat, United should be embarrassed to call this Business Class. I even had to pay for a Gin and Tonic in the \"Club\" Lounge, which was more full and far dirtier than the main airport. Never again. My team makes 200+ flights to SFO a year and I'm not going to let them go on United."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Maui and I will never use United Airlines again. Seats so small I can't move. No padding at all. Service left a lot to be desired. The price may have been a few dollars less but I know learned comfort means so much when you are coming long distance. This airline is all about lining their pockets and no care for customers."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Paris CDG with United. Business class seats that are well behind competitors. 8 abreast, 4 in centre and required to step over to exit to WC. Narrow, cramped and minimal privacy. These are \"economy premium\" seats, nothing more. I would never choose UA again voluntarily for transatlantic flights. Ground staff were excellent: I had an involuntary re-rerouting and the assistance was great. Shame the commercial guys believe 8 abreast gives better economics than competitors six abreast. It won't. Occupancy will be lower."
"I'll say first that the flight itself from Seattle to Newark was very pleasant. Both the outgoing and returning aircraft were newer, departed on time and arrived early in each instance. My review is going to focus solely on the support staff in the terminal, prior to security screening. My family arrived at Seatac airport roughly an hour and a half prior to our 6.19am flight. We checked our first bag, then attempted to check a car seat at the United Airlines terminal. It took them damned near a half hour to check a single car seat. What would have been ample time to make a flight had been cut by a third to do something that should have taken 5 minutes. Now for Newark. Same issue with checking the car seat, except the customer service specialist that walks up and down the check-in area, who's job it is to assist customers with their trouble checking in and checking bags, practically ignored me until I had said \"Ma'm\" about 5 or 6 times. At which point she gave me a \"Why are you bothering me\" look and continued walking. If at all possible I will not be flying United Airlines again, especially not if I have anything more complicated than a boarding pass and a carry-on bag to deal with. Clearly that is more than they are equipped to handle."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Houston with United Airlines. By far the most awful experience I have ever had! We were delayed due to sever weather and I know that was not controllable but we had a 4 hour layover in Houston and would have made it if the pilot and the crew didn't time out and they would have had a crew to take us, which by the way the crew would have times out in the air during the flight. We get to Houston and they have no outgoing flights at night so we have no way to leave until 8:45 am the next morning but they won't put us up for a night because according to them it isn't \"their problem, they cannot control the weather!\" We spent the night in an airport that was locked down, no food or restaurant open except for some sandwich shop and we hadn't ate since 9 this morning because we should have been home hours ago. Horrible customer service! The lady at our gate called for back up to help at least five times and not one person came. The only nice thing we had happen was the night janitor got us some blankets because it was freezing in the airport and we had 9 hours to wait for our next flight. I will never take this airline again!"
"WaShington to Honolulu via San Francisco with United. Crew to SFO not so friendly. Not bad, just not friendly or welcoming. San Franisco airport boarding was late and there were no seats in the waiting area, so it set up a chaotic atmosphere. The flight was totally full and I had to check my carry on, even though it fit in the size checker. Annoying, since I did not have any other checked bags, and it was not an issue on any of the other flights. Won't book with United again as the airline lacked customer service."
"Verified Review | My United Airlines flight departed CVG on time. However, upon arrival in Chicago I began receiving emails (I believe it was 5 in total) each one pushing my flight back later and later. There was no gate agent or anyone to assist me. In fact the pilot showed up and was as baffled as the passengers. I was supposed to land in Norfolk around 2122 hrs but did not land until after midnight. As a result the rental car company and I was forced to rent a car from another company. To add insult to injury the luggage was delayed coming off the plane. There was no one else at the airport so why the luggage would be delayed on top of the everything else is beyond me. Luggage and additional car rental fees aside, the delay impacted the amount of time I could spend with my family. The return trip was no better. I was delayed out of Norfolk with no communication letting me know of the delay. I was also delayed in Newark New Jersey. They had a plane with no crew. I was supposed to be back in Cincinnati by 1555 hrs. on Friday June 24. In actuality, I did not get back until 1940 hrs. To add injury to insult my luggage was on a separate flight which did not land until 2040 hrs. As a United Mileage Plus Explorer card holder and a member of their frequent flier program, I am extremely disappointed in the lack of service, communication or concern. I will be cancelling my membership and credit card and taking my business elsewhere."
"Shanghai to Chicago with United Airlines. An appalling flight and very cold. Passengers were dressed for tropics of Shanghai (June) and shivered for 14 hours in considerable discomfort. Pleasant flight attendants far more interested in socilaizing with each other, could do nothing. Food was even worse than usual."
"You'd think it would be so simple flying from Tampa to NYC, both being on the same coast, but United Airlines complicated it to a whole new level. Let me put it this way: I would have gotten to NYC sooner if I drove the whole way. I was only supposed to be traveling for about 6 hours during the day, but this trip with United required an entire day of traveling. I left Tampa around noon, and didn't get in to NYC until 2 in the morning the next day. On top of that, they managed to lose my luggage, and they still haven't found it after a day. My flight was continuously delayed until eventually they randomly decided to cancel it. I had to wait in the customer service line for well over an hour, and the representatives I tried calling were so unhelpful - it turned out there was actually an open seat on an alternate flight with a different airline leaving at an earlier time, but they didn't realize this until too late and ended up re-booking me for a red-eye flight flying out of a different airport. So I had to spend $30 for a shuttle ride to the different airport which took well over an hour. Once I got there, even the new red-eye flight got delayed by over 2 hours."
"Verified Review | My return journey with United Airlines from San Francisco to Frankfurt of about 11 hours was unbearable. Seats were cramped up. I had difficulty with both arm and leg space. I had difficulty having my food and by the way the food was awful. There was no infotainment systems, as their so called WIFI enabled personal infotainment system never worked. It was noisy and washrooms smelt. Their so called online check-in system did not allow me to select any seat expect for the one auto assigned to me and provided no options at all for the next flight. Their random check-in system was so bad even family members booked on same ticket were given far away seats."
"Newark to Venice with United. Flight has been delayed 3 times now for different reasons. Customer service was good, but doesn't mean much of the airline adheres to a lackluster on time policy. Couple hundred people having to rearrange log distant tracks plans because of food stocking, staff planning and now maintenance issues. As I'm writing this we are waiting to be rerouted back to the terminal for another unrelated issue."
"Verified Review | Chicago to Houston with United. I fly over 150 segments a year with United. My complaint is not with the crew or flight attendants. They do a great job despite the problems. United continually has flights that are delayed and cancelled. And because all of their flights are booked to 100%, the delays cause serious problems getting to your destination. Many of these delays are mechanical or personnel in nature (awaiting pilot or crew). Obviously, when you are so heavily invested with an airline, they've got you. It is hard to give up the status earned over the years. But if I knew then what I know now, I would have invested in a different airline. Hopefully, you wont make a similar mistake."
"Verified Review | United has been horrible with delays and lack of information to customers. When it was Continental it was more predictable and better overal service. I have traveled back and forth from Italy and on each time delays for multiple hours with lack of information. Today I am traveling from Milan to Newark, flight UA18 with delays after delays for 3 plus hrs. Plane arrived at 9.27am for departure at 10.40am. It had damage to door but the took pictures and waiting for authorization from headquaters. Its almost 1pm and we are still waiting. No work on plane. Just crazy and lack of concern for their customers. United crew has told me no problem with plane. Now they just announced 2pm maybe. They had hours to adjust or change flights. This is the third trip they have done this. Don't fly them."
"Verified Review | I am so sorry to report what a big, and I mean big disappointment this was flying First Class with United Airlines from Kalamazoo, Michigan to Oahu via San Francisco. We paid an additional $2500.00 for these seats and only once did we go left rather than right. Only once did we actually have a place to put our feet, only once did we not have to sit and watch 200 plus people board and crash into our seats, and only once did we have television screen to watch a movie. Also not even a pre-loaded movie device was provided on our way home from San Francisco to Chicago. Also on that flight, even though we had the first two seats on the plane, when breakfast was served, I received oatmeal instead of the omelette that I had requested. For the premium price we paid, this was not at all what I was expecting. So very disappointed in United Airlines."
"Verified Review | Rolled off the pad at Heathrow quicker than expected, touched down at Newark about 45mins early. We like! So not having flown with United Airlines for a while but flown quite a few others, I was a bit let down with the entertainment system. Tiny screen about the area of a large cellphone but without the picture quality. So the announcement comes when I'm sat down that you can use their app to stream it from airplane wi-fi to your tablet. Excellent, my tablet has a great screen, I just have to download a 60mb app before we take off. 4G drops and it chugs along but I get the app before we take off. The app works fine but United, please, if you offer wifi streaming because you scrimped on the seatback screens it's tight-arsed in the extreme to not offer any method of charging the damn device like a USB port."
"Verified Review | My experiences with United has been the worst out of all my travel experiences. My flight was delayed out of Houston, they put me on another flight in order to catch my connecting flight, that got delayed 4 more times, they put me on yet another one, I got into Newark, where I was suppose to connect to Buffalo. I missed that flight. The next flight gets in at 2am. So I opted to just fly home and forgo my trip. It was a hell of a day. To top it off, my parents were stranded in Japan overnight when they flew with United. My whole in-law family got stranded in Italy for overnight this past summer with United. There seems to be a very sad consistent theme here. I will try all I can to avoid United from now on."
"My fiancé and I purchased tickets on United Airlines thinking there would be no problems, but there have been nothing but them since we boarded. Our flight to Maui was delayed for over 2 hours due to mechanical errors. We ended up waiting on the tarmac for that time without even an overhead announcement, a great way to start a vacation. On our way back to Portland we are being delayed again due to mechanical issues and our barely booked flight has now turned into fully booked due to combining another flight going to portland due to mechanical issues. Sounds like United needs to pull themselves together. I am not a happy customer and will never fly with this company again."
"Verified Review | When I booked this flight I thought I was getting a deal. This flight was booked in Dec 2015 for a departure date of 20 May from Milwaukee to Honolulu. The seats I initially selected were not provided even though I paid the bill. What a mess and a headache going on for 3 hours getting this cleared up. I did not like the method for the WiFi connection. I had to pay an additional charge just to receive a video and still no Internet connection. The use of my own device and no way to maintain power. When I purchased food it was awful. I have traveled to Hawaii and back 6 times. This was the worst. Never will I utilize United Airlines again. At one time it may have been good, not anymore."
"Verified Review | Houston to Pensacola with United. The lack of punctuality is very disappointing for a multi-billion dollar company. Communication is essential in today's thriving consumer market which United Airlines fails to display on the event of delays. As a \"valued\" member of other airline companies, my first trip with UA is very disappointing. I am very dissatisfied and will not recommend this poor airline service to any of my colleagues or family members."
"Verified Review | Quite simply the worst in cabin service in the industry. Catering - meagre, mean, and distributed across the flight in a way that makes no sense and leaves you wondering who from United has actually been involved in this experience. 14.5 hour flight from Melbourne to Orlando via Los Angeles - 1st service less than an hour into the flight - a tiny main meal at 10.30 am in the morning. Eat it because you will be waiting another 12/13 hours before you will see any more food, and when that finally comes - look at what is delivered - a bread roll and an egg frittata. I thought I would distract myself with movies and TV but no, the entertainment system was not working - so was hungry and bored for 8 hours. The actual aircraft was nearly brand new and was terrific - a pity the only variables that United have to differentiate themselves with are all to the negative."
"Verified Review | After missing one flight to reach our final destination, United Airlines connected us to London (out of course), to reconnect again to Athens. The rep at United Airlines who booked our tickets to London said she also booked our tickets for Athens. Upon arriving in London, Aegean had no tickets for us to leave for Athens with the 12.15 (we had arrived in London at 11.30), they then put us on the 4.30 flight. Finally, we make it to our final destination at 12.30am, over 12 hours later because of United Airlines. Now we have no luggage and everyone is putting the fault on each other. United is not taking any responsibility for my luggage when the last time I saw my luggage was when I handed it over to United."
"Verified Review | United Airlines flight delayed over two hours into Chicago. Missed flight into Dublin by 1/2 hr. When we got off the plane the wait for customer service was about 3 hours so any hope for a rebooking the same night was hopeless. When we finally got customer service they said the earliest flight they could accommodate was Sunday arriving Monday (it was Wednesday). Our total time in Dublin was only 4.5 days. After much persistence they booked us through Delta for us to arrive on Friday. Because of their delay we lost a day of our trip and had to pay for a hotel in Chicago. Now the real fun begins when we tried to address our luggage. The luggage department said they made arrangements for our bags to be transferred to Delta. Delta didn't have them when we went to check in. They called United who said they put them on our connecting flight that we missed. 4 days and 6 phone calls later I was told our luggage was in Dublin if we wanted to pick it up. We saved for a dream vacation and paid for a nightmare."
"Fresno to Pittsburgh via Denver with United Airlines. I am so tired of delays on United. 2 weeks ago I was delayed out of Fresno and missed my connection to Frankfurt, causing me to lose a whole day off my trip to Africa. Today, yet another delay, again out of Fresno, making me 8 hours late to my final destination. In the last few years I have spent 2 unplanned nights in Denver, been reduced to tears of frustration on 2 other occasions, and have been late by more than 3 hours many times. With airline profits soaring, you would think that they wouldn't be cutting resources so closely that I can pretty much assume I will be delayed on most of my itineraries."
"Verified Review | Taipei to San Francisco with United - absurd and filthy are what come to mind each time I step onto a United flight. The flight attendants are rude and completely inattentive. The food is mediocre and I'm not expecting much. The cabin itself is a filthy mess. A visit to the restroom midway across the Pacific and the floor is wet, it's smelly, there's tissue paper and seat covers all over the floor - I feel terrible for the individuals whom are seated next to toilets. The seat recline is next to non-existent and the seats themselves are hard and uncomfortable. I'll never fly intercontinental on United ever again and Domestic US travel is because of my desire to accumulate milage on Star Alliance carriers - otherwise I'd fly Delta."
"Verified Review | Flew Houston to Los Angeles with United Airlines. 2 hour initial delay, then 2 more hours. 4 hours of delays due to maintenance, we were told too late so we couldn't get an earlier flight. Had to book a different rental car in LA which ended up costing me 100 dollars more than my intial car due to last minute reservations. 8 hours spent in the airport so I had to spend money on expensive airport food. Explained that to customer service, no apology, nothing. Maybe this is normal for United. The plane itself was fine, to be fair. Good space and friendly service in my experience. It's inexcusable to me not to compensate our flight in some way for this huge delay. Never flying United again."
"Verified Review | United Airlines flights from Chicago to Birmingham, AL delayed. Flights originally at 8.50 delayed until 12.00am because there was not enough aircraft's. At 11.37pm, we were told that there was no working crew for the flight and that they needed to call in a different crew. Can't blame the informer but this is ridiculous. The flight is only one hour and thirty minutes and I would rather reschedule but they won't let me unless it is delayed for more than 4 hours."
"Seattle to Little Rock via Denver with United. Several hours leaving Seattle due to mechanical problems and missed my connecting flight to Arkansas. Waited several hours for another flight, but missed our rental car time and took a taxi. Two days later on return, hours late leaving Arkansas, so missed connecting flight in Denver. Waited so long that when we finally got to Seattle, we missed our bus and ferry home, and had to spend the night. Ten days later, our daughter flew from Seattle to Fargo, ND, with a stop in Denver. Couldn't land in Denver due to weather, so missed her connecting flight to ND. Of course United would not pay for her hotel and she had to wait until next day. Then on return, got stuck in Denver again and had to stay overnight. A day late both ways. Will never use United again."
"New York to San Francisco with United Airlines. The flight was supposed to leave at 6:00am in the morning, the boarding procedure was done but we were made to sit for 1:30 hours inside the flight as there was a maintenance issue that they were trying to resolve (after boarding). Then they decide that it cannot be resolved and asked us to board another flight and we had to wait in the queue forever for the boarding procedure to be repeated. After boarding there was another wait of 30mins. The flight finally leaft at 9:00am. We spent another 40mins waiting for a gate for arrival. In short, I was supposed to reach my destination at 9:20am and here I am still in the flight at 12:40pm."
"Verified Review | Landed at Newark on UA18 from Milan–Malpensa, I had to board my connecting flight to Orlando UA730 scheduled for 2.55 pm. Despite an early landing in Milan, due to the lenghty custom procedures and the unavailability of the United Airlines personnel to assist me in expediting the process, despite my desperate running through the airport, I reached the gate too late for boarding. I had to take the later flight at 3.55. I missed a meeting in Orlando. The staff at the UA customer service desk were very unpleasant and were not be co-operative at all. I have to add that the 8.5 hour flight from MXP to Newark was also very unconfortable with poor quality food and noisy company. I complained to customer service and received a free ticket for a future flight with United for the value of 150 US Dollars. However, 6 days later, when on my way back to Italy from Florida I asked the UA personnel at MCO-Orlando to upgrade my ticket from Newark to Milano Malpensa UA19 to a business class ticket. The attendant at the counter told me that there were seats available, but an upgrade for my ticket was not available nor could I use the free ticket United gave me. If I wished to fly business class, I had to buy a new ticket. On my return flight (UA19) to Milan MXP from Newark on May 26, 2016 I again tried without success to get a more comfortable seat than the one assigned 45C (the very last seat on the rear right next to the lavatory). However, the cabin was full and the overbooking issue caused a delay in the departure. Despite my express request not to be seated near children or babies, I had a newborn sitting a couple of rows ahead of me. Luckily, he did not scream at all during the flight. Meals were of poor quality, as it was on the other flights of UA, were served and the crew ran out of red wine very early on. Due to the very overcrowded condition of the flight, I could only sleep a couple of hours thanks to the courtesy of a flight attendant who gave me earplugs."
"My family and I were traveling to New Delhi, India in May from Newark and we were looking for a direct route from America to India to save time. The choices were between Air India and United. As we have tried Air India before, and we have not flown long haul with United for a long time, we decided to try out United's much touted \"new cabin experience\" in Economy class, where a \"three course meal\" would be presented, as well as improved services for Economy passengers. We had hoped United had improved since the last, disastrous time we flew them in 2013, but alas. It is the same lacklustre airline. Check in at EWR was relatively painless, and the TSA, is the TSA. We boarded and left relatively on time, and so far, things looked alright. And we were wrong about that. The 777-200 was old, to say the least, and in a shabby condition. The seats were worn and my recline didn't work- needless to say, for a 14 hour flight, this was simply not good enough, United. I was given a free drink to compensate, but a drink doesn't help you when you're stuck in an upright and uncomfortable position for 14 hours at 6 feet 3. My second gripe with this flight was the crew - and what a surly bunch they were. The \"three course meal\" much touted was not there - instead, we got served an awful mix of barbecue sauce and chicken, rice, and uncooked vegetables. There was no initial drinks run, and everything was served on one, tiny tray and due to this, our portion sizes were far too small. My son (aged 9) didn't eat anything for 12 hours. Breakfast was little better, with a choice between an uncooked omelette and an Indian vegetarian meal. The only saving grace of this flight was the IFE, but the screens were worn and did not respond to touch controls and the remotes in the armrest did not work. We have flown flights of similar length on Qatar or Emirates, and it is important to note how wonderful the food was, on those 16 hour voyages, and the plentiful snacks (I say \"snacks\", they were literally meals), and the courteous crews. There was none of that on a United flight of similar, or even longer length. The abysmal meals, disinterested and indifferent crews (who were nowhere to be seen after the initial meal service), and the shabby, worn condition of the plane and seats mean that I do not recommend United on such long haul flights of more than 10 hours. It's hard to believe that this airline is from Continental Airlines, which was (in my opinion), the best airline of America."
"So disappointed. Very unsatisfactory flight from Kona to Los Angeles. Told it was a Continental plane now flying under United name. No comparison to our flight going in the other direction. Business section smaller, less leg room, no TV or video equipment at all. Seats not customizable. Attendant stated before take off, when you could not hear the muffled slurred comment something about downloading the United app to get TV or movies. She never said clearly and specifically the we needed to do so prior to take off. Once in the air, no way to see movies or TV on an almost 5 hours flight. Why should I have to download a United app, what if I had not had electronic items with me? Paid the same for a far different experience. On the other plane they handed out a portable tablet to watch entertainment. Come on United, get current. Food offerings were both full of dough, either ravioli or a calzone. Service adequate but not personable and acceptable. United you have lost me."
"San Francisco to Hong Kong. I was looking forward to my first time flying with United in an International leg. I have enjoyed their Domestic/Transborder route quite a few times. I've read on their website the improvement they made on their in-flight services so I was excited to experience it. But I knew my excitement will short-lived when I stepped into the boarding lunge to take my flight. Announcements after announcements were made by the gate agent that the flight will be full and that all big carry on must be check in. The boarding process itself was chaotic and the UA gate agents in SFO seemed annoyed and you can hardly see anyone smiling and genuinely greeting travelers as they board. They all look like they just want to get the boarding over and pass it on to the flight crew to deal with the guest. Once onboard, I was looking for the \"Plus\" in what United called their \" Economy Plus\" seats section. The seat pitch is just what other Airline like NH/CX/SQ offers in their regular economy section. The aircraft is an old 747 and it is quite ready to retire. Seats looks and smells dirty and really really old. I am a short person (5'6) and my knees almost touch the seat in front of me.There is also in IFE box under the seat in front which limits my legroom. Food service was the one I was anticipating and see how United made an improvement. The first meal service was a total disappointment. I wish I am lying right now when I say the food was horrible and inedible. I didn't finish my meal and only consumed the bread and veggies. THe second meal service was even worse. Noodles with no meat and it was so salty. Inflight entertainment is OK but on this aircraft, you have to download their Apps beforehand on your mobile device or else you will watch the Big Screen TV only that shows movie every 3hours. Flight Attendant are like robots and do a job without any emotion. Person next to me ask for another Ice cream and water and the FA told him that only one per passenger then left. FA's are nowhere to be seen after they turn off the lights after the meal service. I get up almost every hour on a long flight to stretch and not once I saw an FA. They re-emerge 2hours before landing to serve the meal. FA's are the worst I experience thus far travelling on an international flights. Now that I experienced UA International, I would pay extra to be on a different airline especially the Asian Carriers."
"La Guardia to Los Angeles via Chicago with United Airlines. Bad information and bad handling of passengers after a severely delayed plane. UA 556 8:13pm from LGA. The departure's departure was severely delayed, by more than 1.5 hours. Sms messenges from UA did not reflect any of the information about the delay. After embarking a 25 mins delayed we would sit and wait in the plane for almost an hour, while we were let to know in different ways that we are ready to leave soon. Upon arrival, again little information, even though all conducting passengers obviously had lost their flights' departures. After waiting in line on an under staffed customer service, we were given the usual tricky hotel voucher trip and sent on a mission to find out how to get there. First on our way to a bus stop with such bad descriptions that almost all passengers were lost on the way to find the shuttle bus. Maybe because no one would actually think that we were supposed to cross an insecure road and go through a road construction site for finding it? After asking bus drivers from other hotel services we waited for 25 minutes for the shuttle to the Weston hotel. Now time had gone and the kitchen where we could use the 10 dollars worth coupon for 'a meal' where there happens to be no meals so cheap. As a partner of United Airlines, this hotel also comes without a complimentary internet connection service. I will not trust UA again unless they change information and passenger handling significantly, and I will as much as possibletry to avoid flying with them. United Airlines must be the worst airline in the Star Alliance."
"We flew from Buffalo, NY to Chicago and then to Maui in May 2016. The airline charges per suitcase. The female employee who was checking boarding passes at Buffalo was extremely rude. She got flustered when I pointed out that she had not given my niece's passport back to her and she stated, \"I thought you were all together! Next time you need to get here earlier. I almost unseated all of you!\" To which I replied that we had looked up what time to be there on United's website and it stated to be there an hour and a half before your flight, which we were. There was no entertainment available unless you brought your own hand held device. If you had your own hand held device, but didn't have earbuds or headphones, they didn't have any for you. It took my son six hours to watch a two hour movie because the WiFi kept shutting down. They charged us for the meals on a 9 hr flight - charged us for the Italian sandwich, which is what we ordered, but they gave us the turkey sandwich which was cheaper. If the food has improved (as I've seen from some reviews), I would have hated to eat it before. The seating was cramped and uncomfortable. We tried to upgrade and were told we couldn't. We were traveling with six people all together. They ruined 3 of the suitcases, one of them brand new. The steward staff on the return flight from Maui were very nice, polite, and professional, but it did not make up for all that we had already experienced. I won't take United again if it can be avoided. In short, United charges you for everything, but doesn't give you much in return."
"Verified Review | Hong Kong to Tokyo Narita. United's service has been on a continued downhill spiral since United bought Continental Airlines. I was a loyal and proud Continental Airlines customer before the buyout. I have reluctantly continued to fly United because the connections from Houston are still the best there is. However, the service is appalling. On this most recent trip I was changed a hefty 2nd bag fee. Even though my expensive United Club card allowed me 2 free bags and the code-share partner, ANA allows for 2 free bags. United has lost my ticket. As well as many other instances of mishandling by United. I hope that United listens to its customers and improves the service to the same level as the old Continental airlines, where I felt like I was treated like a human."
"Our United Airlines flight from Lima to Newark was fine, but the service was terrible. The flight attendants served dinner shortly after take off and never came around again until shortly before we landed in the morning, when they handed out a muffin. We did not get anything drink for breakfast because they waited too long to start the service and only managed to serve drinks to half the passengers. Not being offered anything to drink for 7 hours is simply unacceptable!"
"Puerto Rico to Boston with United Airlines. I have never gone so far as to publically give a rating or review in my 45 years of being on this earth. However, sorry to say I just had to this time. We recently were returning from vacation where my sons anxiety disorder worsened considerably and we had to get home quickly. We had the worst flying experience in all of our flying history. We had never flown United before. Never will again. My son has a medical issue as I mentioned. I planned ahead and paid for premium seats to assure we were all sitting together. Our flight before that came in with about 10 minutes to spare for us to board this connecting flight. By the time we got there, people were still in line to board. However, the desk agent \"removed\" us from the trip. They quickly realized that this decision was a little premature so they offered us some open seat tickets. None of course were next to each other. However, this is why I spent an hour on the phone with United the night before...to make sure we were together in case something happened with my son. I asked if they would be willing to talk to the other customers(travelers) and see if anyone would be willing to switch seats with us as it was the agent who removed us in the first place. He simply walked away. When he came back, I asked if we could resolve this. Apparently the lady next to him was already assigning the extra tickets now to someone else. We now with no choice of our own had to wait for the next flight which I luckily had pre-booked the night before just in case we truly did miss the connection. Only because united had sent us an email that the first flight was already delayed by an hour and a half. All during the process of this the desk agent kept talking to other people, never once apologized for the stress he was causing. He was extremely rude, and said that unless my son has a heart issue or has an oxygen tank that it wasnt his problem. When my son heard this, it immediately hit a nerve and the guilt of us having to deal with this agent in this way and the frustratingly awful customer service sent my son into a debilitating anxiety attack (looks like a seizure). Yet still the agent continued to be defensive. Not one apology, or assistance from anyone at that desk. Clearly, the trouble I had for over an hour on the phone with United the night before made no difference. When I asked if there was someone I could speak with to get further assistance I was told \"yeah, its called online'. Once we boarded, the level of professionalism was atrocious. The flight attendants could be heard talking about the men they dated, rammed the drink cart along passenger seats multiple times, could barely be bothered to actually listen to your order, forget about asking for a blanket. Thank you for your sympathy United for an already very tough situation."
"San Francisco to Fort Lauderdale with United Airlines. For a red eye flight this plane was so dated and uncomfortable, very uncomfortable. The plane looked like it had seen better days, cigarette trays in the arm rest will give you an indication of its age and it looked as thought the leather was about as dated. Check in staff were not so friendly or helpful. I was a fan of Continental back before the merger, and thinking United would uphold some of the standards I have taken them on a few occasions - but clearly I'm mistaken and sadly disappointed with staff and specifically aircraft comfort and appearance. For a ride back in the 70s this is your airline."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to Oklahoma via Denver. I recently flew with United to Oklahoma to visit relatives, in May. When we did our self check in. We all had separate seats even my 3yr old daughter! I went to ask for assistance and was given the \"we can't assist you with your seats, then she points to the sign \"bag drop off only\". She then said go sort yourself out at the gate. we got to the gate, and waited for someone to assist us at the service desk. When someone finally appeared. We asked if they could help us with the seating arrangements, because how could they seat a child on their own. We were told they couldn't help with seating arrangements we needed to go to the ticketing desk, which was on the other side of the terminal! we were told we can go ask people to move so we could sit next to my daughter. Frustrating! Then before boarding we were stopped by the gate boarding attendant and was told we had too many bags! We are allowed two bags per person. There was four of us, we had seven bags. She made my mum ruffle around to consolidate our bags, but I told the attendant that my daughter is a person and we paid full price for her, She (my daughter) is allowed two bags! 2x4=8! The attendant then looked at me blankly and just let us through not even apologising for her mistake! Rude! A week later my parents return trip from Oklahoma was booked with United airlines. When they got there (their English is limited) they asked for assistance with the self check in. The two ladies that went to help them, told my parents they had too many bags. Again! My mum had two bags, dad the same. Mum was holding her jacket and a travel pillow for the flight. They bullied my parents to the point, that my mum said she didn't want any more hassle and was happy to pay for the baggage fee. My mum had only cash, but they told my mum they don't accept cash, only credit card! By this time it was almost boarding time for them, then a supervisor of the airline came to see what was the fuss, the supervisor told my parents that they can go because they have the correct amount of bags - just plain rudeness! No customer service! Would never recommend anyone to fly with them! United airlines horrible! If I had a choice I wouldn't give them one star!"
"Shanghai to San Francisco with United Airlines. I chose to fly United as I couldnt face a China Eastern flight over such a distance and thought it would be nice to fly a US carrier for a change. Sadly dissapointment started when they took my bottle of water just outside the plane - (no bottled water given on board). I was quite suprised that the aircraft actually looked older than I did - not a good thing. No in seat entertainment and the premium economy seats were exactly the same as economy but you got a couple of extra inches legroom. There were instructions on how to use your own ipad and the United entertainment system but you could only do so if you had already downloaded the app - thanks for telling me in advance. Or I could pay $15.99 for wireless to download it. The food was awful, the pasta was rubbery and had a very odd taste, so on the way back on the same terrible plane got a sandwich from the deli near gate 102 - much better. Was it worth the money to upgrade to premium economy - no, except that I had an empty seat next to me on the way out. Will never fly United Airlines again. Only positive point the hostesses were very nice."
"Verified Review | Flew United Airlines from Kona to San Francisco. The problem with this flight was the seats. Everyone around me including myself was trying to hold their heads up by placing them on the seat in front of them. The seats do not recline very much and were so uncomfortable. The service was fine, we were on time but it was so uncomfortable and we were all talking about it. I am going to find someone else to fly back home to Kona with."
"Verified Review | Flight was originally scheduled for a 1.30pm departure from Chicago O'Hare to San Francisco. Was delayed to 2.30pm because the flight was delayed from 'Cancun'. Was further delayed until 4.15pm. The plane arrived at another gate and was 'coming right over'. The plane arrived at 6pm and was suddenly determined to have mechanical problems. Another plane arrived at 9pm. We finally boarded. The conveyor didn't work to load the baggage and the crew were not around to unplug it in order to restart it. It's 10.30pm and we are still stuck at the gate. We've had to book a hotel in SF and forget about our 2 hour drive home tonight or should I say tomorrow morning. This after having to upgrade to a premium seat for my wife because her seat was never assigned when the flight was booked online. Our current compensation for extra $ spent in the upgrade and the $150 needed for the room and the 9.5 hour delay - a $10 food voucher. No fault of the nice people at the desk and on board, but never flying United again."
"Verified Review | Newark to Munich with United Airlines business class. The whole experience feels cheap and anything but Premier. Had to wait 45 mins for security at Newark despite Premier lane access. The lounge was overcrowded with hardly a selection of food and drinks all served in plastic; staff were unfriendly and most alcoholic drinks chargeable. Onboard the plane was showing its age, the BusinessFirst seat however is comfy. Staff decent but it took them ages to complete dinner service on a flight of hardly more than seven hours. No pre take off drink offer nor water at seat so left thirsty for more than an hour after take off. Thankfully flight was on time. Overall would not repeat nor recommend."
"Verified Review | Washington to Munich with United Airlines, and this is by far one of the worst airlines I have flown. Their online check-in did not work, so for our 8 hour long trip to Germany my husband and I ended up sitting in separate rows although the flight was not full! The airline was trying to squeeze $169 per person out of us to sit next to each other in Premium Economy, but gave away free seat upgrades to Business class! How is there not something wrong with this picture? The worst customer service."
"Flew United Airlines from Sacramento to Boston. The seats on the plane were unbelievably small and the airline changed our itinerary and moved our group of four all apart from each other and all in middle seats even though we had selected better seating when we booked the flight four months earlier. The customer service on the phone when we called to change the seating back was rude and very unhelpful. The staff at the check in desk were able to help us on one of the flights and we were able to at least not all have middle seating. Even with a window or aisle the seats are the most uncomfortable with zero leg room."
"Newark to Dallas Ft Worth with United Airlines. Paid extra for a 6:30 flight when 8:30 was much cheaper, but because this is a work related trip I didn't want to arrive to Dallas after midnight. One boarded we were asked to unboard due to window issues, then we were told that a swap of aircraft is needed. 3 hours later still waiting for the aircraft. No vouchers or complementary water, tea, coffee as provided because the delay was under 4 hours. Even though it was 3.5 hours delayed and people paid extra for this specific flight versus any other flights. Awful customer service!"
"Flew on United Airlines Boeing 737 aircraft from Seattle to Kahului return via San Francisco. Updated slim seats that gives medium sized economy passengers more legroom. Satisfactory drink service and moderately cheerful FAs who went about their business. The aircraft on both legs were on time and even a bit early. United’s new “zesty ranch” snack was too spicy, salty and generally inedible. There is now paid DirecTV service on 737 seatbacks with non-stop advertising running in a loop from the minute you board the aircraft constantly nagging you to swipe a credit card. Sadly, neither DirecTV nor in-flight wifi worked over the Pacific, which made the whole entertainment system pointless for the 5 hour crossing. It also looks like United has also removed the music channels, including my personal favorite, flight deck chatter. For those used to the Alaska Airlines “Mai Tai” service on Seattle-Hawaii flights, that’s a hefty $9.99 on United. In short, United will get to your destination and back safely, and that’s about it. Keep your expectations low about everything else."
"I arrived early for my 3:13 pm departure United Airlines flight from San Diego to San Francisco. At my gate, I asked the attendants if I could have my skateboard checked like a stroller, but I was told no, and that it wold have to be paid for as baggage. I didn't want to do that because last time I did, my board was damaged. I politely tried to tell them this, but I was continually ignored or told they couldn't do that, in a rude and unfriendly fashion. I decided I would simply pay rather than leave my board, and got onto the plane. I then sat on the plane, which was already delayed from 3:13 to 3:30, for over 2 hours while totally uninformed of what the issue was or when we would depart or arrive in San Francisco. We eventually left around 5:50 and I subsequently missed my connecting flight to Seattle at 6:51. I will not be flying United ever again."
"Seattle to Orlando via Houston, and this was my first time flying with United by myself and connecting flights. The flight from Seattle to Houston was not the greatest since we had to be diverted to another city due to weather and lack of fuel. The flight was super bumpy and this caused me to miss my connecting flight from Houston to Orlando, but United gave me a partial voucher for my hotel accommodations and I was just grateful to be safe. I also had the hope of making an early flight the next morning so I could return home and get back to work from the conference I was attending. Due to weather conditions and staff shortage, I had 5 rescheduled flights delayed then canceled. I was even about to board 2 of the 5 and the staff just said, \"Sorry, these are canceled,' without any further explanation. I received no hotel voucher the second night, and since I was trying to get on several flights throughout the day, the hotels got full and I had no where to sleep. Fearing that I would face a 6th canceled flight, I made other travel accommodations and finally got out of that miserable city. I get that many airlines were canceling flights due to the horrific weather conditions, but I was astonished at the lack of communication, empathy, kindness, and understanding we received from the United staff. I understand that we may receive full vouchers or refunds due to weather but at least be courteous. I then come to find out that my refund request for the ticket seemed to come back approved but upon further investigation I found that I will only receive a partial refund since United technically got me to one of the two cities. I just wish I got more understanding and communication throughout the process, and that's the main reason why I'll never fly with United again and will encourage those around me to not choose United either. I for sure will never fly through the Houston International airport (IAH) as well. The whole experience was traumatizing and unforgettable."
"Verified Review | Newark to Dallas Ft Worth. Paid extra for a 6:30 flight when 8:30 was much cheaper but because this is a work related trip I didn't want to arrive to Dallas after midnight. One boarded we were asked to deplane due to window issues, then we were told that a swap aircraft is needed. 3 hours later still waiting for the aircraft. No vouchers or complementary water, tea, coffee as provided because the delay was under 4 hours. Even though it was 3.5 hours delayed and people paid extra for this specific flight versus any other flights. Awful customer service!"
"Houston to Denver with United Airlines. Horrible process with carry on bags! 2 flights of my trip my bag was taken saying \"it was too full\" and as I walk on there is so much overhead space! I pack smart, never checking a bag. Such a poor respect of passengers time and effort. Apparently done for time and not space - me throwing a bag overhead will not delay a flight. Will avoid United going forward."
"Verified Review | New York to Guatemala via Houston return. If you are ever traveling in a hurry, do not travel with United Airlines. On my way there I lost an entire day due to maintenance or something wrong with the plane. But they wouldn't tell you until is too late to catch another flight. At the end I was supposed to be at my final destination at 11 am - I made it until 11 pm. To compensate my lost day United Airlines throw me a 2 digit quantity voucher. I guess is the best they can do for you if they feel you deserve it and that's what you are worth to them. On my way back I had the same issue I was informed right before getting on the plane that they were going under maintenance and we were going to be delayed again. Although we made it on time, I had to share my experience."
"Verified Review | We had 4 flights with United Airlines, first flight was from Manchester UK to Newark. We were promised a baby crib at check-in, then told that they only had one onboard and someone else had it, no infant seat belts so baby just sat on your our lap - dreadful service. On 2nd internal flight from Newark to Miami, 3 seats allocated to us were scatted throughout the plane, we are a family of 2 adults 1 child (5) and a baby. This should not be allowed and after complaining they gave us 3 together. Service onboard was much better than the international flight with great attendants. 3rd internal flight Miami to Newark the worst with very rude staff on the check-in desk who ignored us for about 10-15 minutes. Again we requested an infant cot for our international flight and were told we had it as we were one of the first to check in, flight delayed and only just made our connection to 4th flight by seconds. Asked for our sky cot only to be told sorry someone asked for it on the plane and they had given it to them. I said I was unhappy as we requested it 6hrs ago and were met with very rude cabin staff. A very unpleasant experience throughout."
"Our flight from Chicago to Boston with United Airlines was unacceptable, from start to finish. To begin, our flight was changed at the very last minute, and our seats were changed/not assigned. We called the airline immediately for information, and the only information we received was that they were unable to do anything until we were at the gate, forcing us to go to the airport much earlier in order to figure out what was going on. Once we arrived, we were misinformed about placing ourselves on the standby list in regards to the fact that we were even able to be on the list with checked baggage and we would be provided a refund. When we asked about what would happen to our checked bags, we were then forced to be taken off of the standby list, thus, not using this service. The service quality while on the flight was not horrible, but the service leading up to the flight was not acceptable. Once we were charged for the standby list, the service we received was even worse. We were told that we would not be able to receive a refund, and then told we would have to submit a request online. All of the individuals we spoke with were rude, confused, or both. If you are adamant about flying with this airline, please do yourself a favor and understand everything that you need to have before/during/after your flight (checked bags, times you need to leave by, WiFi which is NOT included, etc.). As new flyers, I have to say that this airline was not helpful at all."
"Melbourne to LA on United Airlines. Smooth check in and boarding facilitated by very pleasant ground staff. United uses the Cathay Pacific lounge in Melbourne which is small and has a very narrow range of amenities. On board, the aircraft had a nicely appointed interior. UA uses a 2x2x2 configuration in business class which feels cramped. The seat was fairly comfortable but lacked storage space. The FA that looked after our section of the cabin was disengaged and uninterested. Lunch and breakfast were mediocre and the mid-flight snacks were simply abysmal. Wine selection was limited and labels available were well below what a business class offering should be. Part way through the flight I enquired if the aircraft was equipped to offer espresso coffees. The FA said it was but they were never supplied with the pods and that UA was planning to rip them out. This is a clear sign that UA is simply not interested in providing a differentiated service. IFE had a decent range of movies but music selection was not great. Toilets were not attended to very frequently as evidenced by the clutter and lack of supplies. Overall a disappointing business class experience."
"Verified Review | I will never fly United again. Flew from Minneapolis to Chicago O'Hare. No seat assignments either way, very rude and careless staff at the gate, harassed to check bags when entire flight ended up being able to get their carry ons in the bins. Every element of my one experience with this airline was less than desirable and downright inconvenient. I fly a lot and typically with Delta - I will not switch to United."
"Verified Review | Worst airline I have flown! I flew from ATL to EWR and back again 5 days later. Each flight was delayed by over an hour. They book flights to close together trying to get in as many as they can which causes all of the flights to be delayed. They also overbook the flights with no space for carry on luggage. Passengers are squeezed in like sardines with no leg room unless you are on a isle seat and put your legs in the isle! Due to the delays and cramped conditions, many passengers are irritated and make the flight frustrating for all others on board. It's like a powder keg just waiting to explode. Definitely will not fly United again. If you are thinking about flying with United, think again."
"Fresno to San Francisco via Boise with United Airlines. This airline is the worst I've ever flown on. They constantly strand you by booking the flights too close together. So if one gets delayed? Then your entire trip is now totally screwed up. This is the second time in the last 3 months that this airline stranded me somewhere! The first was in Chicago, IL at nght and my connecting flight was even delayed and in the gate right next to the gate I was in. But my bag made it on that flight, but I didn't. They didn't even pay for an overnight hotel. So I was in Chicago overnight with nothing! Now they did it again, but this time in Fresno, CA. It is true, you get what you pay for! I will gladly pay more money from here on out to fly any other airline. Heck, I'd drive before flying this airline again."
"Worst customer service experience. I understand that flights get delayed and cancelled. There is a way to handle them when they do. We had a connecting flight from ft. Lauderdale to United's hub in Newark today. After we got off that flight everything was handled poorly - our flight was cancelled without even a hours notice or any explaination why, we were offered standby on two flights to Detriot and a 3rd option of staying the night(without compensation for a room) in Chicago and going to Detriot in the morning(3 pretty poor options). We were told no flights would be able to connect us to Detriot until the following day. After both of the standby flights were delayed we asked a different customer service desk to put us on a flight to Grand Rapids, which they were able to do. Once we arrived in Grand Rapids, our only checked bag was not on the plane. At no point was the staff willing to do the right thing. It is clear United's policy is to make a quick dollar and run over customers to do so. Will never use United again."
"I flew out of Newark on 3/26 to West Palm Beach, Florida and back from Atlanta to Newark. Both flights were delayed and there is no inclement weather in the forecast both days. The plane going to West Palm Beach was so uncomfortable, my husband who is only 5\"10 complained that his knees hurt after the trip. The plane coming back was slightly better but not a lot. My daughter who flew the same time we did via Southwest - both her flights going and coming back home were on time. I will not fly United again if I can help it. I will spend extra money just so I can fly on another airline other than United. Gas has gotten cheaper and the airline could not forego charging for luggage check which further delays the flight since everyone wants to carry their suitcases with them to the plane to avoid the fees. We were in Group 5 last night and people who had their suitcases with them had to check them in for free because there was no more room available for their bags in the plane and I think this is not fair because my husband and I checked in our small bags and we had to pay for them. It seems this is a punishment for people who check in their bags and for those who did not and then at the last minute had to check them in because of lack of room for their bags for FREE! What kind of a system is this?"
"Verified Review | The worst customer service I have had and I am not one to complain. I had a 6 am flight booked to go to Houston then Cozumel an hour after. We were then told the flight was then delayed by 8 hours (supposed to leave around 2 in in the afternoon but I later checked and and it didn't leave until 5). No one expalined the situation until 2 hours later. There was no apologies or complimentary coffee to help make the long wait bearable. I understand that is always a risk when flying but I waited in line for over 4 hours to be rebooked onto a flight and given a hotel voucher so vague not even the staff at Dallas could tell me what to do (I would be in Cozumel a day late). No information on the hotel number or address or shuttle. Just the name and there were two in the city. Not being from the US I then had to use roaming charges to try and find my reservation. There was no reservation at either and no shuttle according to the hotel. Just take my advice and pay a little extra if you can for a different airline because I would not wish this situation on anyone."
"San Francisco to Sydney, travelling on to Auckland. United Airlines are the worst airline to travel with - they only allowed to check in one bag, although they are flying for Air New Zealand. The flight service was the worst - in 15 hrs flight they gave us one meal, nothing in between until the breakfast. I also was not given the requested meal, not even water or soft drinks. Even the return flight for the baggage is limited to one bag, even though we are with Air New Zealand. Called the airline and the answer is that you have to go with United rules of baggage and can not pre pay for excess baggage - you have to pay at the airport $200.00 against $1.00 which Air NZ is charging for excess baggage as a promotional. Will be the last time to travel with United Airlines."
"Sad to say after today's encounter with United Airlines, we will never be using them again. We books a round trip flight from Los Angeles to Kauai, HI and had a connecting flight in Honolulu both legs of the trip. After arriving in Kauai we looked again at our itinerary and noticed our return flight had a missing leg from Kauai back to Honolulu. Hoping United could assist with an error that was made by their booking agent, we gave them a call. After nearly an hour on the phone, the supervisor told us there was nothing he could do except to rebook the trip. This would cost us $288 per person for a 45 minute flight back to Honolulu to Kauai plus a $400 change fee. Totaling just under $1000 for a 45 minute, 1-way flight. After being rudely spoken to and blamed for a mistake we couldn't have made, we were told to \"have a nice day\" and promptly hung up on. We immediately called another airline, we were on the phone for less than 10 minutes and booked a connecting leg from Kauai to Honolulu for $178 total. Easy to say the customer service and reliability with United is completely shot and we will never use this airline again. Travelers beware!"
"Tel Aviv to Los Angeles via Newark with United Airlines is very uncomfortable. The plane is crowded. The entertainment screens don't work well (screen get stuck or not responding properly to touch). The worst thing was that my luggage was gone due to a change in flight schedule and the help I got was very limited. I was rescheduled for the next flight because I missed my flight (delayed at the airport just because it was too busy), so I had to spend the night at the gate with no help nor compensation from their representatives! I don't want to experience this day again!"
"Tampa to San Francisco. I hate to give a bad review but my latest experience with United Airlines was not a good one. I flew from Tampa to Denver to San Fransisco. My evening flight was very full and about 45 minutes delayed. The staff was not equipped or prepped for this. They were unpleasant and neglectful. My seat was by the window for the 4 hour flight with an elderly couple on the aisle side and absolutely no room to move around. When they got up to use the restroom, I took the opportunity as well. There was a snack truck on one end and it wouldn't allow anyone through so I went to the front to use the restroom. As I was waiting, the flight attendant told me that I needed to wait for the snack cart and use the back restroom. Since the older couple was done, I didn't want them to have to get up again and had to wait until we landed to use the restroom. I have been on Southwest before when a full flight was delayed for 20 minutes and the passengers were all given access to all channels but nothing was done on this fight. But the worst part about this flight is still sticking with me and I pray that this man is okay today. As we were departing the plane, a man was obviously slouched over into the aisle. It was clear to all of the passengers around that this man was not asleep but unconscious. A passenger was taking his pulse and another yelling for help. There were no attendants around to help with this man or with anyone else on this very crowded flight. That kind of service is inexcusable. Because of the delay, I missed my connecting flight which had been bundled by United. I went to customer service and there were about 50 people in line. I called customer service while in line and the lady booked me for what she said was the next flight at 5:58 am-7 hours later and offered no accommodations. My husband called and they put me on a flight that was boarding as I stood in line and only 2 gates away. I was relieved and tired. I got on the plane and found it way more comfortable and with more leg room-would have been nice for the previous full flight. I was having trouble lifting my carry on to stow it and had to ask an attendant to help as he watched me struggle with it. By this time, I still had not used the restroom. This flight was delayed and I had to wait even longer. As I sat down to rest, the cart came by with drinks. The lady didn't even ask me for a drink because I guess she assumed I was asleep. She did however splash me with juice for someone else and didn't say anything. I will try my hardest not to fly with United again!"
"Houston to London with United Airlines, and the plane broke down causing over 2 hour delay. Very basic plane with narrow, uncomfortable seats. Offhand staff serving almost inedible food. As I went to Costa Rica and back via Houston I actually went in four different airplanes of different types, but all were just as bad. Add this to the rude and inefficient staff at Houston airport and I would not fly United Airlines or via Houston again. Not a nice end to an otherwise super holiday."
"Orlando to Denver with United Airlines. We upgraded to first class tickets. When arriving in firat class we were told the seat I had did not recline, but I could still sit in it. After 10 minutes of waiting for everyone to board I was then told I couldn't sit in it. Myself and 4 year old daughter were told we had to move to coach. That was fine, but we were told to talk to the gate when we arrived to get a refund. When arriving at the gate we were told they can't help us we have to call United.com. We called United.com and after waiting on hold they said they can't help us, we have to do it online. After trying four different spots online to ask for a refund we were told everytime our request could not be processed. Horrible customer service and no one will help us."
"Phoenix to Boston via Houston with United Airlines. I sat behind a family with two toddlers who stood on their seats, ran up and down the aisles and screamed the entire flight. I understand airline staff can't do much about the screaming, that is the job of the parents, however even when staff had to ask for the kids to be removed from the aisle so they could get the beverage cart from one end to the other, they never reminded the parents to keep the kids seated. Right in front of these \"parents\" there was a mom with one kid the same age and he was a perfect angel the entire ride. So to the parents who could not control your horrible children - a fail! To United Airlines for not caring about the safety of these two brats and those of us that had to get hit in the shin with the seat belt one of them was swinging around - even bigger fail!"
"Verified Review | This is a critique of a United Airlines Business Class trip Toronto to Hawaii return. The inflight entertainment was inoperable in all of the segments which is indicative of how much United it letting it's equipment fall apart. The business class seats to sit in are comfy, but the recline pitch is so insignificant that we were unable to catch any sleep on what was a very long trip. Being 6ft 2 inches my leg room was primarily found under the seat in front of me. When my seat mate needed to go to the washroom, the dynamic was equaled to the struggles of the same issue in economy. We got only one meal outbound and inbound and the rest of the time is was saly snacks with only one attempt at beverage services. It reminded me of what the economy class used to be. Paying big money for this service is unethical. So now it's time to take my business elsewhere. Travelers be warned!!"
"Verified Review | Newark to Cancun return with United. If you find a cheap ticket, by all means take it, but you have to forget about customer service. The attendants are not going to give a damn about you. I asked for a glass of water and I was told to wait until they would come around with the cart which happened half an hour later. They promise wifi but most of the time it doesn't work. Even if the aircraft has TV's they do not provide a single free movie or show to watch. They do not give you a snack for a 4:30 hr flight, and the seats do not recline. Just be prepared for a few hours of torture."
"Washington Dulles to Tokyo Narita with United Airlines. I had high hopes that a US airline would be a better choice but it was one of the worst flights I've ever been on. It was a 14 hour flight and the seats were hard as a rock and they provided no way to charge your devices unless you wanted to pay for first class. Our second leg from Tokyo to Bangkok was with ANA and the flight attendant service was much better - United needs to take some lessons from them. I tried to do the inflight survey but that didn'the even work. I give United Airlines a big fat zero all around."
"Verified Review | United Flight 4914 from EWR to AVP, March 24 2016. Our flight was delayed for something like two hours because of United's incompetence and inability to have a plane and crew ready for a scheduled flight. When the plane finally arrived at about 23:40 (the scheduled departure was 22:06), we were put onto a bus that drove us 50 or 100 yards (walking distance) onto the tarmac. We were then stranded in the bus for 35 minutes with no explanation, and not allowed to get off the bus. In other words, United doubled down on its incompetence and unreliability by further inconveniencing its passengers by directing them to board a bus and then demonstrating what I construe as willful and intentional contempt for the passengers by stranding them in the bus with no explanation. I recall that one person had to ask to use the toilet before the flight left because, even though most people probably did so before being told to board, the delay due to the airline's incompetence and disregard for its customers resulted in the need to do so again."
"Flew United Airlines from Birminham UK to Nashville with a connection to Nashville via Newark. No problems there. Before we were due to board at Newark, the flight got cancelled. We tried to get some answers from some of the United ground staff but we were told different reasons. One mentioned technical problems and others said it was a weather problem. However, other airlines took off for the same destination. After some time we were told that we could get a connecting flight the next day and we had to find some chairs to sleep in overnight. The next day the flight was cancelled again and we were offered an alterative flight to Memphis, which we took. Arrived at Memphis to find that our baggage was somewhere else. Tried to get information at Memphis about our baggage but hit a brick wall. No one there could help or take resposibility over our problem. After a few hours and some phone calls, we found that our baggage had been flown to Nashville. We hired a car from Paylesss Hire at Memphis for the day and got ripped off for hundreds of Dollars for one day hire to Nashville. Got the car back to Payless at Nashville airport after a few hours and they tried to rip us off for another fifty dollars. The problems continued and all I can say at this point is fly with a different airline, because when we got to Nashville, some of the baggage was still missing."
"The trip to Denver was good. However, leaving Denver was not so good. On the flight out they cancelled 4 of my flights. By the time the final flight got cancelled it took 3 hours to rebook and United rep stated we could not get out till Saturday midday. I finally agreed to that flight. I then asked if they would provide any voucher for hotel or taxi because we were stuck in Denver for 3 days. They said they would not because it was weather related. So I had to flip the bill for the next few days. I then spent the next 4-5 hours on the phone with United to get a better flight time. To sum it up, United Airlines was not very helpful at all."
"I was scheduled to fly to Providence through Newark on March 17 2016. My first flight was from Toronto to Newark at 11:05AM. I arrived to the airport at 9am, and so I had an hour before the gates closed. Unfortunately it took 40 mins to find parking, and by the time I got to the check-in, I had 15 mins to spare. There was an agent chatting and paying no attention to customers, so given I had very little time left, I thought I'd use the self check-in machine. Those machines are not very user friendly at all! It wouldn't recognize the name of the city where I was staying and the name of the hotel. I was timed-out after trying 3 times, and only when I exasperated loudly did the check-in lady look up and nonchalantly say, \"If you're having trouble go over there.\" Over there was the other end of the booths, where an agent seemed oblivious to her surroundings. By the time I rushed to her and handed my passport, she told me that I was late and wasn't going anywhere. Then she pointed out that I had a checked bag and so I was definitely not getting on this flight. I raised my voice out of despair, and explained to her that I had spent 15 minutes trying to figure out their machines. I was even the one who \"apologized\" saying it wasn't her fault. Instead of her apologizing for being inconvenienced by the airlines for whom she works, she had the nerve to look up at the other agent and ask her if I was telling the truth! She then told me she could get me on a flight that'll get me to Providence by 11:55PM. That's when I told I needed to be there in the afternoon because I had a rental. Of course, she wouldn't override the system and open the gate, claiming it was too late even though it was an hour before boarding. She then sai, how about the flight through Chicago that'll get me to Providence by 9:55. Asking me like I even have a choice in the matter. The agents were unprofessional, rude and not paying attention. The self check-in machines are horrible."
"New Orleans to Los Angeles. I rode United Airlines three times in the last two weeks. Two out of three planes had problems with the plane engine or hydrology and caused a delay. The first flight waited until all passengers were boarded before the mechanical safety announcement. Delay wasn't too bad, maybe an hour; the attendant had no idea and no information to give to customers. The second flight was a delight, and by delight I mean there was no delay - the seats and service is pretty sub par compared to other airlines. The third flight waited until it was boarding time to tell us there was mechanics on the plane and that we cannot board, no reason given. About an hour later, with everyone waiting in line, they told us that there was a leaky hydrolics and they would need to send in a part from either Houston or Chicago, they weren't sure. The attendant said maybe 2 or three hours, she wasn't sure. Overall, too many problems with a faulty checking system that should be happening before boarding time or just regularly in general."
"Chicago to Austin with United and they gave away my \"confirmed\" window seat, and stuck me in middle for an almost 3 hour flight. Person at gate counter was beyond rude and flat lied to me about assigning a window seat to another economy passenger right in front of me. I was the 2nd person at gate, a full hour before flight and was told just because my reservation had an assigned seat, that it wasn't guaranteed. (What is the point of making advance reservations?) Some airlines seem to have forgotton about customer service and the fact our money keeps them in business. I will not fly with them again."
"Rating would be 0 out of 10, if this was allowed. We left home at noon on Thursday, with an expected arrival time in Greensboro of 6:45pm Thursday - tickets for a concert Friday night. In Toronto, we pulled away from the gate on time, and sat on the runway for over 90 minutes, with the pilot telling us periodically that there was \"bad\" turbulence in Washington, and we'd be advised as soon as he heard anything. After 90 minutes, he turned back to the gate for refueling without having heard anything more. Some passengers were able to get rerouted immediately but the ground crew told us no issues - if there was bad turbulence, our connections would be backed up too. After 45m on the ground we went back out and eventually landed at Dulles. But our connecting flights had all left, so waited another 45m to get an alternate flight (Friday at noon). CSR said the issue was air traffic, not turbulence, so not their problem that we haven't any place to stay here and an expensive, paid-for hotel room waiting for us in Greensboro. After being questioned more insistently, the CSR grudgingly gave us a voucher that got us a discounted (not free!) hotel room. Back to the airport today - at 10:30, 11, 11:30, the board still showed our flight as \"on time\". After the scheduled boarding time of noon came and went, checked with the gate agent - flight is now delayed to 3pm. We can only hope, since if they cancel it (the flight isn't full) and put us on the 5pm flight, we won't make Greensboro in time for the concert. I'll hopefully never fly United again. Ultimately, we could have driven in the time we've spent in airports so far, and probably could have driven from Washington to Greensboro in the time we've spent at the airport today."
"Tokyo-Narita to Boston Logan via Chicago O'Hare. I was returning from a study abroad trip to Japan and it was taking forever to board the plane and get into the air. Seats on the old Boeing 747-400 were uncomfortable and there was so little space for me to stretch out my legs. There was no inflight entertainment except for one big screen that showed movies. Food service was okay, I enjoyed the chicken katsu curry they served. Flight delayed a bit at Chicago, but when we were finally boarding, the flight was full so they had to take carry-on bags and stow them with the checked luggage. Pretty disappointed that United Airlines couldn't find a way to fix that problem. Flight was really crowded so I felt squished in and couldn't move that much. In total, I wouldn't fly with United Airlines again."
"Shanghai to Chicago. The flight itself isn't bad - it's efficient and direct. But, right after you board with your group, and they scan your ticket, they will lead you to a Second Checkpoint. This checkpoint will relieve you of liquids. Note that since you've already gone through the airport security which removes all liquids, everything they take from you was bought or filled right there in the secured area of the airport. And this includes liquor bought from duty free. On the flight water bottles are passed out twice for most of the cabins (during the 15 hour flight), but the poor souls back in economy have to Pay to get water. I have to assume this second checkpoint policy is about extracting more money from you both in concession sales and duty free."
"I flew United Airlines from Paris CDG to Raleigh, NC, via New York. Terrible experience. The flight was delayed two hours at Charles de Gaulles. An unplanned refuelling stopover was added at Bangor because of strong headwinds over the Atlantic. Arrived in Bangor in the evening, around 7pm. Stop was supposed to be a matter of 45 min but the crew announced there was a mechanical issue and a mechanic had to intervene. Waited for mechanic in the plane for two hours. After two hours were told to disembark because finally, the crew could legally not fly anymore. Were told to go into the terminal. Waited there for about three hours after which we were told we would do our immigration clearance in Bangor. Did immigration clearance but were then told to basically sleep over at the airport as our plane would only take off at 9am next day. So basically, all passengers slept on the floor at Bangor airport till the next day. Avoid United like the plague. That airline is just awful. Rating other aspects of the airline low as the plane (757) is old and cannot understand why they fly it between Paris and NY if it can barely make the distance non-stop."
"Las Vegas to San Francisco with United Airlines - non-existent customer service. Airport staff said call toll free number, phone agent said talk to airport staff. When I ask the phone agent to hold on so she can talk to airport staff to stop the circling they hung up and transferred to staff in the Phillipines. I had vowed years ago to never to fly United and I will remember from now on."
"My friend and I were flying to and from London Heathrow for our spring break from Pittsburgh and flew United Airlines. In both directions, our flights were either delayed or we were unable to get on a connecting flight due to long lines. The airline put us on two different standby flights, and customer service said they would not pay for a hotel if we did not make it on the flights. Service was rude and condescending. I had a similar issue when I flew United a few years back, but suffice it to say I will not be flying with this airline again."
"Tokyo Narita to Newark with United Airlines. Terrible service, had no blankets in the seat, ask the stewardess for one and received a reply of \"don't you have one in your seat already?\" said no and she insisted that I had one, was told to wait. 3 hours later still no blanket, had to talk to another stewardess for one, took 5 mins. That's pretty lousy for a 12 hours flight. Only had one option of food."
"Delay after delay. Nothing happens without a delay with United. United has decided that making people sit for hours in an airport is what they do best and they do it over and over. I always arrive early enough to navigate security and check in then have a less than hour wait until boarding, but with a new delay every twenty minutes you find yourself growing frustrated, agitated and then hungry. Of course United has no concern, they are not accountable, you always can pay for airport \"food\". My flight from George Bush Airport to Philadelphia Airport was also delayed multiple times. They claim to be on time more than they are not, but I a unable to verify more than 100% of the time there are delays. Service is mediocre as well, with staff seeming bored or tired of their jobs."
"Honolulu to Toronto. United is by far the most incompetent and disorganized airline. Start to finish everything went wrong. Many people missed flights because of how grossly understaffed they were. Not one of my four flights left on time. On the 7 hour flight they ran out of food in the first 25 minutes. And the food they did have was disgusting. United couldn't even get my checked baggage to my destination on time then went on to lose it entirely on the way home. Now, months later I have no bag and no compensation for it. Don't even bother calling customer service, there's usually at least 30 minute wait times. Never again."
"Lincoln, NE to Los Angeles via Denver. I take this route monthly because the small airport listed only has service by two airline. Therefore I have attained a \"premier status\" on the worst airline in the world, which is of course United Airlines. Stay far away from United Airlines unless you have no other options"
"Medford to New Orleans. My second flight had no less than 20 seats empty in premium economy class. I am so used to Delta upgrading at the gate for free if asked if no one has purchased these seats. Apparently United doesn't care if they are just empty. If you don't pay, you may not upgrade even if the seat is empty during your flight and no one is purchasing it. Nice way to treat your customers. Now I know why I prefer Delta. I also found that the counter people seemed to be dismissive and uninterested in helping. I got an attitude from one counter person because I interrupted her conversation about her vacation when talking to another counter person. Sorry."
"Fort Lauderdale to Newark. The seats and the plane was fine. The employees were the worst I've seen in years. From the ticketing agent to the attendants, they were was rude and dismissive. As a regular traveler, I've learned not to expect much in the way of customer service from any airport experience. I keep my head down and expect some bumps along the way. There is little recourse no matter what happens when up against these types of companies. They know full well they can throw you out if you don't comply. We were yelled at and if we didn't answer in time, they would quickly repeat the question over and over getting louder each time. They were very busy, but that is the job. They need to train their employees to better handle pressure while being gracious."
"I booked my flight from Anchorage to Pittsburgh 4 months in advance. We picked the specific dates and times based upon having multiple children including a baby and to be able to make a family reunion. United turned around and changed our flight to only give us a 4 hour layover from a 1.5 hours, they also made us miss our family reunion. On top of that they changed our flight home to go from having our flight be 5 hours to almost 10. They had no empathy, had nothing to offer and was not willing to give me any type of compensation. This is the second incident that have encountered with them. My recommendation would be to never fly with United."
"Old aircraft (and it's showing), food inedible, seats are fairly comfortable. The crew were attentive and seemed to genuinely care for passengers' comfort and the purser was apologetic when I complained that my eggs and spinach had a terrible bitter aftertaste. Both flights with United Airlines from Newark to Roatán via Houston departed and landed on time. They charge for Wi-Fi in Business which I think is an outrage."
"A party of 4 of us flew out to New York from Heathrow with United Airlines, and we had a great experience going out, everyone was so friendly and helpful. Coming home was a totally different experience, we were ordered (not asked), to join one queue then another several times after waiting in line for ages. It seemed that security staff didn't have a clue what was going on. Manners cost nothing, and maybe this needs to be the first thing in their training."
"My daughter, was flying United Airlines from Austin to Eugene with a change of plane in San Francisco. The flight from Austin was late taking off (airlines fault) causing my daughter to miss her connection in SFO by mere minutes. She now has to layover a night and miss an important meeting tomorrow morning. If Southwest Airlines can hold a planes departure for late connecting flights why on earth can't United. This should be a requirement for all airlines. United, you need to start thinking like a customer."
"So many issues with United. My 18 year old daughter booked a flight via United. This was her first solo flight. Her flight into ORD was an hour delayed for departure into SFO, which threw off all her connections. United's solution? To reroute her to Seattle and offer no hotel vouchers, or meal vouchers, so that she was forced to sleep in the airport from 1:15 am to 8am. They also made her check her bag in GSP, not because of size or weight, but because of her tight connecting flight in SFO (which she was unable to make due to the hour delay in ORD) So, all for $551, plus $25 bag fee, plus anxiety and stress for a first time, solo traveler. And to add even more insult, her bag won't even arrive when she does! She has to wait an entire day for her bag to arrive in RDM. We will wait to see how they respond, but given my part experience, it will probably be minimal - maybe a bag refund. But even that will be a stretch for this airline."
"Our family of five was traveling for a cruise. The flight was two hours late leaving San Francisco to Houston and two hours late on the return from Houston to San Francisco. Both times it was apparently due to maintenance. Both times other planes had to be brought in. In Houston, United has three terminals and yet, when no one is leaving their gate, there is nowhere to sit. We chose them because it was a non-stop flight, event though it would have been closer for us to leave out of San Jose. Lesson learned."
"My wife and I had a horrible experience in a round-trip international flight with United Airlines. In our departure flight, when we wanted to check in at SFO, United staff told us that United would not deliver our baggage in our final destination and we would need to pick up our baggage in our second stop, Dubai. When we tried to pick up our baggage in Dubai, airport staff said UAE visa is required to go to baggage claim area and since we did not have UAE visa, they didn't allow us to pick up our baggage. After lots of negotiations and asking several people for advice, we found out that we would need to pay $84 to transfer our baggage. Our flight back to US was supposed to be operated by Austrian Airlines (we bought the round-trip ticket from United) with 2 stops in Vienna and Zurich. When we went to airport, Austrian Airlines staff didn't allow us to check in. They said that flight from Vienna to Zurich is a domestic flight in European Union and would require Schengen Visa. So, we had to reschedule our flight with Lufthansa, we paid $1000 and could get another flight for 2 days later. If United had informed us about those issues when we bought the ticket or even at the airport, none of those problems would have happened. I asked United to reimburse us for all those extra costs but they only offered us two $150 flight certificates, which are basically useless, most of the time United tickets are more expensive than other flights and those $150 dollar certificates hardly have $20 cash value each. They don’t even have a phone number for complaints. The only way you can contact them for complaints, is email or voicemail. I think they have so many complaints that they cannot handle, so they have decided to just offer $150 to $200 to anyone who fills out a complaint instead of hearing the details and trying to improve their customer service. Be very careful when you fly with United. Check all the single details of your trip, take some food with you in long flights and do not expect them to answer their phone. The moment you pay for the ticket, you are on your own."
"I am a frequent flyer and somehow have managed to avoid flying with United Airlines until this last trip, only now do I realise how lucky I have been. Simply the worst airline I have flown with. This was a (5 flight) short vacation and each of the five United flights were overbooked so sitting near your family was never an option so it was inappropriate to share with the unfamiliar passengers beside me how rude the cabin staff were. United managed to add to our itinerary a 12 hour delay due to malfunctioning aircraft, included in this delay were a few hours on that unbearably hot and uncomfortable plane, without even a drink being offered, before being ushered back to the gate now completely void of any United Airline staff and therefore information. A $15 food voucher (1 airport priced sandwich) was the compensation for the day lost from the vacation and $100's lost in missed excursions. We were told that customer services would have a full record of the events and on our return we should discuss the possibility of an upgrade on our longest return flight. At the customer service desk at Newark they said that they had no details of our journey and couldn't / wouldn't look into it but suggested phoning customer services, remember that we were standing at the customer services desk! The only thing I can be positive about United Airlines is that they eventually got us home."
"Departure flight delayed for hours due to United Airlines not having a crew. Paid $220 to drive to Chicago to make connecting flight. Boarded plane and sat for over an hour. Return trip lay over in Chicago and again delayed due to crew issues. Waited 3 hours for the pilot to show up. Horrible airline will not fly with them again."
"I'll never fly United again, unless the deal is beyond spectacular and/or they're the only possibility. Flew from Seattle to Puerto Rico, I'd never flown domestic business and I've since learned it's not worth it from all reviews (to put it mildly). It started with the lounge. It was about 6.30 pm when I got there, and I had run out of the house without dinner, assuming I could get some snacks in the lounge and dinner on the plane. The lounge had about 6 crackers scattered in a bowl, a couple of cut up strips of bell pepper, and 4 warm cheese cubes. When I asked the bartender if they had some more crackers, or maybe even some cheese and cold cuts (the empty dishes had little leftover traces of what appeared to be cold cuts), I was told \"what was out there was what was there\". I took my 6 crackers and 4 strips of bell pepper and went to log on to the WiFi. It wouldn't accept the password and when I finally got logged on it was dial-up slow. When I got to my seat on the plane (which wasn't terrible, but wasn't anything near what I was expecting, again, I'd only used business for international flights previously), I was disgusted the find the middle console/arm rest covered in crumbs and something sticky. I was annoyed at this point so I took a picture and posted it on their Facebook, and someone did reply within an hour or so, but all they did was ask for the flight number, there was never any other follow up. It would have been nice just to get a quick, sorry about that reply. The service was ok, the food was better that what you'd get from economy, but that's about it. Coming back was also less than smooth. I understand Newark is a busy airport, but the gates were awful. They changed gates at the last minute and their app didn't update, so when I left the lounge I started walking to where the app said they gate was. I was about halfway there when I saw a screen that listed the correct gate and had to backtrack. I guess the fault in that was mine because I should have, as they say \"trust[ed] but verify[ed]\" instead of assuming the app would have some sort of auto-updating feature. They were boarding groups 1 and 2 with the business class group, so the line was long and not pleasant (though nowhere near as long or chaotic as group 3/4/5 and 6/7 lines - they didnt have dividers or anything, so the lines were mixed together and people were squabbling with other people who walked up to what they assumed was the end of the line and wasnt). All in all, compared to the foreign airlines I've used, United's standards were sadly lacking and showed their age/indifference."
"I flew from Denver to Houston with United Airlines in a cast with crutches and was left in a seat at the rear of the plane. No wheelchair offered. It was only after I was still sitting there that they thought some help was in order. I was taken by cart to my connecting gate and when I asked if these was a possibility for a restroom stop and a bottle of water I was ignored. The driver dropped me by a wheelchair and I had to ask if he could please put my bag on my lap. Still needing the facilities, I pushed my wheelchair forward two feet and crutched to it until I made it to the restroom. A passer by assisted me with getting a bottle of water. I am so disappointed and will never book again. I informed the gate person of the lack of help and also the first flight attendent in the plane. No apologies. So, here I sit in row 31 wondering what awaits me at the end of this leg."
"8th & 9th January 2016, LAX to MEL, United Airlines flight 98, Aircraft 789. Over Dec to January I flew with United Airlines on four flights in total spending over $3,500. I was scheduled to return home to Australia on the 8th of January, which turned into the 9th of January. People had boarded the flight ready to fly to Australia, little did they know they weren’t going to be on the plane for a further 24 hrs. After further mechanical delays (four hours later) to determine if the plane was fit to fly. United decided to cancel my flight to Melbourne. During this whole ordeal I was told different information from United Staff. We were accommodated for in terms of accommodation for the night, and were handed vouchers. The problem was United Staff were adamant that you could use the vouchers anywhere, but in reality when you showed people these vouchers they would not accept them. I had to pay for the extra day over in LAX out of my pocket. Originally I had a premium economy aisle seat on the first flight on the 8th January, on the return flight I received a faulty seat at the back of the plane in economy. I had been told at the service desk that my seating would not be downgraded. Not only was my seat downgraded, the seat I received was faulty. After talking to United staff on the plane, to my surprise staff didn’t try to accommodate myself. This 24 hour delay resulted in me missing a day of work. The experience I received was below a budget airline, and can confidently say I would never recommend or fly with United Airlines again."
"San Francisco to London with United Airlines. When I checked in on-line the flight appeared to be only half full in BusinessFirst. Once at the gate I saw that all 14 of the upgrade requests had been accepted. The cabin was now completely full with a resulting slowness in the service and delay in lights out for sleeping. The seat itself coverts into lie flat but does not seem to be much wider than the economy class seat as they are arranged 8 abreast. Feet have to be put into quite a narrow slot that makes it difficult to turn over. A lot of the flight entertainment movies were old James Bond titles. The evening meal was OK but nothing more than that. I am not sure why they feel offering ice cream for dessert is something special. Unlike some airlines there was a full hot breakfast. Arrived a few minutes early but then had a very long walk to immigration."
"San Francisco to Vancouver with United Airlines. My flight time was changed without any notification to me. At check in the staff were so incompetent that by the time they worked out my booking, the flight was closed by 5 mins. The manager and the staff did not try and help get me on the flight. The manager then stated it was my fault for not checking that my flight hadn't changed. He said it was not United's policy to notify people when the flights change, in this case, bringing it forward 1 hour. They could not then get me another direct flight, so now instead of being in Vancouver at 10am it'll be closer to 4pm. So the plane was older than me, and once we are all on board they say a seat is broken and we all need to get off so they can fix it. The worst bit was the lack of empathy and customer service."
"Minneapolis to Los Angeles via Denver. United Airlines screwed up our family vacation and cost me $1400.00. As a relatively frequent traveler taking several flights a year I have picked my flights based on cost and convenient times and dates regardless of airline. After my recent experience with United, I will no longer book United flights. Our family traveled to Los Angeles for New Years Eve and the Rose Bowl. My boys who both had recently started new jobs could only get a limited amount of time off so I flew them out on New Years Eve to meet us for a long weekend. On a night with perfect weather conditions their flight from Minneapolis to Denver was delayed due to mechanical problems and they missed their connecting flight to Los Angeles by a few minutes. They called me very distressed because the United agent told them they couldn't fly them to Los aneles until January 2, the day they had to return home. Our family then went on line and found an Amercan flight that would get them to Los Angeles in time to get to the Rose Bowl game on New Years. In the aftermath I contacted United costumer service, The person I told my story to on the phone said “Thats unfortunate we have an agreement with American and should have been able to get you on that flight.” They told me how to online apply for compensation, so I submitted my claim. The person who responded to my claim said they could refund the unused portion of the ticket to Los Angeles but they could not refund the flight we had purchased on our own. So in summary on the day of the flight United was unable to get my boys where they were supposed to and said they couldn't get them there for 2 days. We were able to find a flight that salvaged part of the trip on an airline United had access to. Then they refused to reimburse me for booking the flight they should have found themselves. I am extremely disappointed in Uniteds lack of effort in trying to get my boys where they were scheduled to be. I am also extremely disappointed in their customer service response to my request for fair compensation."
"When I looked at this United Airlines flight this morning it was pretty empty which always worries me. The airlines do not like this. Sure enough, when I arrived I saw that they added additional flights from other airlines to this one to fill it up. Delayed due to aircraft arrival they said. First delay was 45min, then an additional 45 mins. They told us it was due to severe weather in Eugene, OR for this second delay. I looked it up, no delays in that area at all, no weather. Then came the second delay, another 45mins! And I checked the seating chart, now almost full. Just another episode of the airlines not caring about anyone else's schedules but their own. Last month they outright canceled my husbands early fight sometime middle of the night from a smaller airport. It was not full either and I'm sure they couldn't do this same trick due to location. No other flights available either. I will be looking at other airlines but do not have much faith in any these days."
"Manchester to Newark return with United Airlines, and I was very disappointed with this airline. On the outbound flight staff were grumpy, food was processed, the best part was cheese and crackers. We had a morning flight on the way to Newark and were served pasta for breakfast. On the return flight we was served dinner at 9pm USA time and 2am UK time. The lights in the cabin were left on until 11pm USA time (4am UK time), and were turned back on 2 hours later. I would have thought long haul flights would be accustomed to helping their passengers by promoting sleep when changing over time zones! Again, the food was horrible on the return flight, I will not fly this airline again."
"I had 3 cancelled flights in one round trip with United Airlines from Wichita to Providence via Chicago. Ground staff were not well trained and couldn't really help to appropriately re-book my flight. When the first flight was canceled on my outgoing flight the next option would have been to either fly two days later from the same airport or 1 day later from another airport (which cost me $100 to get to). On my return journey, the first flight was cancelled again. They tried to book me onto a Delta flight but didn't manager to transfer my passenger information, so I missed the flight. They then rebooked me onto a 12 hours trip from Kansas to Texas to NYC to Rhode Island (original trip time was 6 hours). I had a 4 hours layover in Houston, TX when I went to the United Airlines service desk to ask for any shorter options. They told me that I wasn't even on my next flight anymore because the NYC to Rhode Island flight was cancelled. Nobody told me that, I just found out by accident. They finally put me on a direct flight from Houston to Boston (which meant another $100 bill for the taxi to Rhode Island. Very poor customer service."
"Washington DC to San Francisco, and United Airlines is the worst airline I have flown. No customer service on the ground or in the air. Five hour flight - no audiovisual entertainment! The two flights I have flown with United we were told at the time of boarding that the flight was overbooked. On this flight our seat numbers were designated xxx. Everyone except us and two other customers had seat numbers it seemed. They said we booked very late (7 weeks prior!). I refused all offers until eventually they relented and a few customers took up offers of $400 and a re-scheduled flight. On the plane it was evident that there were empty seats (premium and business) - so they would rather fly with empty seats and pay people not to fly!"
"I was not impressed with United. I flew from Ho Chi Minh City to Providence with a layover in Hong Kong. I ended up having a delay in Hong Kong for over 4 hours. We were supposed to leave at 11.15am but were told it wouldn't be until 5.15pm - but then we suddenly boarded at 3.15pm without the departures board changing from 5.15pm. The crew was grumpy and on several occasions one of the stewards raised his voice in annoyance at an older man who spoke Chinese and was having trouble with his entertainment system. My inflight entertainment was unresponsive unless I jabbed very hard at the screen (which I wasn't going to do because there was someone sitting in front of me trying to sleep). They restarted the system but it did not help. And I was told condescendingly that I was just pressing too many time and the screen was freezing. I was purposely pressing the touchscreen slowly once and waiting and waiting. But they couldn't be bothered to assist me. Seats were uncomfortable. I did not like the food. Usually I like airline food. The chicken rice dish was watery and goopy. I definitely would not recommend flying United Airlines."
"Our Atlanta to Chicago United Airlines flight was cancelled but we were not notified until we got to the airpport. It had been cancelled hours before. The airline made no effort to assist us with another flight. We had to drag it out of them. We were offered a flight late the next day which would not work for us. We ended up flying to another destination and arranged ground transportation home at added time and expense. We were denied any compensation other than a reduced fee on booking yet another flight with them. So give them more money in exchange for a mythical $50 fee reduction. This is a second class airline with rotten customer service!"
"United Airlines cancelled my Seattle to Chicago flight due to imaginary weather. I don't know the reason reason for cancelling my flight, maybe another flight that was more full had mechanical problems, what I do know is that no other airlines were having any trouble getting into SEA from ORD, in fact no other airlines were having any trouble getting anywhere that day (2nd January 2016). I was forced to pay for a hotel, I was very disappointed in their lack of honesty, and I will not fly United again."
"Louisville to Lihue. My first time flying with United and it was the worst experience ever. Our flight delayed and no staff was around to help answer or inform us the flight status. Later on after I landed in Lihue I went through my messages and noticed there was an email notification about the flight change. I guess electronic messages is the new customer services? I had a 5hr flight from SDF to Denver and 7hrs flight from Denver to Lihue. The flight attendant showed up maybe twice for us to order our cold, horrible meal. No one else showed up after that to even collect the trash. Nor even to offer water. Myself and a lot of the passengers had to take our own trash to the bathroom. Fast forward to today - I had to extend my stay and I was told it will cost me a total of $600-$900 to change it. I paid $1200 for a round trip ticket and they are going to charge me $700 for fare differences and $200 change fee - and the funny part is that I can go and book the exact flight online for $345.00. It blows my mind on how this monkey business situation is operated. Now, I just booked my return ticket back with Alaska Airlines."
"San Juan to Houston. I've flown with a variety of airlines and I would have to say United Airlines was probably the worst. No free flight entertainment (usually atleast one movie will be free to watch on other airlines), no free snacks on a 5 hour flight, and the worst part of all was the fact you had to pay to watch the flight tracker! Who does that?"
"What a disappointment. I regularly take United Airlines flight from Eugene to San Diego which connects in San Francisco. Typically there is only about 15 minutes to get to the connecting flight in SF before the plane takes off. Today, my dad took this same flight and has been waiting in the SF airport for 8 hours because the plane from Eugene was a few minutes late and the flight to San Diego left without him. Since United does not offer vouchers for \"weather related delays,\" my dad was pushed behind about 20 other people on standby to catch another flight to SD, even though he was one of the first people to be placed on standby because the other people apparently paid more for their tickets. What a joke! After not being able to catch 4 more flights out of SFO, he is still stranded. This trip was a gift for my dad to come and see me and now he has had to spend most of it sitting in SFO airport, watching other people on standby get on flights to SD before him because they paid more for their ticket. Why can't United Airlines partner with a \"sister\" airline, to accommodate these kinds of absurd incidents where their guests are left stranded at the airport? Also, why would United regularly plan for only 15 minutes to catch a connecting flight in San Francisco of all places - an airport that is famous for weather related issues? Used to be my favorite airline but after this fiasco, I'm so over them."
"San Francisco to Dallas, and United Airlines is an absolute joke of an airline with no idea about customer service. Uncomfortable seats and demotivated staff. Arrived at the gate 14 minutes before the scheduled departure after having checked in, and my ticket had already been given to a staff member on standby. If you don't board your United flight 15 minutes prior to the scheduled departure you risk losing your seat to United staff members or someone else on standby. Flight was full and had to spend an extra night in San Francisco. Staff was unapologetic. Will not fly United again."
"Portland to Keāhole. I live in a United Airlines family. My grandfather worked for UA for 60 years. My family has stayed true to United ever since. No matter how much money we would save by flying with other airlines, we never do. It's for this reason that I take it so personally that United Airlines customer service has gotten so poor. 6 weeks ago I had to reschedule a flight due to a medical emergency. Rescheduling was no problem, and they handled the situation very quickly for me. I was supposed to receive a refund 10 days later. It never came. I've tried calling the past 2 days. Yesterday. Although I was on the line before closing time, as soon as closing time hit my call was dropped. Today, I waiting for 18 minutes just to have a rep \"transfer\" me to a dead line that said \"your call cannot be completed as dialed. Goodbye.\" I'm now calling back a third time. This matter could be handled so simply if only the telephone customer service agents cared. I will not waste my time or money flying with United again, I just don't have the patience anymore."
"Phoenix to Vancouver, and United Airlines is the most unorganized, unfriendly airline I have ever flown with. They really need to focus on hiring friendlier and more helpful staff. From check-in, to getting on the plane, to the young lady serving us on the plane, they all had attitude and were extremely rude."
"United Airlines is such a disorganized company, it would be comedic if I wasn't stuck at their gate. They've managed to ruin my flights twice in one trip. When laying over in Denver to Colorado Springs, they forgot our flight attendant at another airport! After they couldn't find a replacement, they tried sending another plane to fetch us. Being delayed every hour on the hour (was only supposed to be a 30min flight), they cancelled our flight at 1230am, due to engine failure, with no compensation. An Air Force pilot was so generous to have stood up and announced he had rented a car to drive to COS and had three empty seats. He was not affiliated to UA, in any way, and had no obligation to us. This moment, I am on my way back to NJ, laying over in Chicago, and our flight has been delayed 2hrs, so far. Apparently, our plane needed maintenance and has been kept in the hangar. How can this happen twice in one trip? All I want is to get home safe and on time. Our new plane has just arrived at the gate, unlikely to leave even at the new delayed time, and the engines are smoking. I just want to leave this airport, already. This is the worst traveling experience in my life and I used to fly with American Airlines. So, to anyone planning a trip in the future, just pay the few extra dollars for Delta. It would be well worth it. Also, please refrain from putting objects in the overhead compartment that will fit under the chair in front of you. People with real carry ons need the space for the one compact bag with everything we brought."
"Bogota to Houston. Very disappointed in the level of service provided by United Airlines both into and out of Bogota. Into Bogota, the flight was delayed several hours, causing me to miss my connecting flight within Colombia. The United Airlines office in the Bogota airport was hard to find and the United staff were not helpful to deal with headaches caused by their airline. Similar on return flight, not very helpful and disputed office hours posted on the office door in the Bogota airport, they were nowhere to be found. My concern was the possibility of missing my connecting flight in the US due to their delays and the short layover they booked in Houston. Again, no one cared or tried to be helpful. And missed flight, lost baggage and standing in another huge line trying to get things figured out! Will never recommend United Airlines."
"I flew from Chicago to San Francisco on one of United Airlines many daily flights between the two hubs. It was a typical United flight: delayed by an hour, no sense of urgency as plane was being boarded. Seat comfort was fine. My power outlet couldn't hold a plug without it falling out constantly, which made doing work difficult. A few things I did enjoy : pretty good customer service, effective internet that priced by the hour (which was a bargain for me, because I only needed to use it for a couple of hours)."
"Houston to Birmingham via Newark with United Airlines, and not what I expected at all.I paid for upgrade to premium economy, not actually sure it was any different to economy. There was a little extra legroom but apart from that I didn't see anything different. I have been on many flights as travel a lot with work and have to say most economy seats I have had in the past have been even better than this. All seats seemed very old and could have done with a good clean! The service wasn't particularly bad but I wouldn't say it was good either. If I have a choice I won't be flying with them again. Lufthansa premium economy is miles above United, I am so shocked by the difference!"
"I took UA742 from Palm Springs to San Francisco. The 1hr 45 mins flight ended up taking 3 hours due to general incompetence from United. Several issues occurred. There was an unannounced gate change that was never updated in United's system. The only indication that we were boarding at a different gate was a paper sign hung by the new gate that said \"SF.\" This resulted in several passengers boarding the plane late because they were at the wrong gate. Flight attendants allowed passengers to continue trading seats even after the flight was ready to depart. I understand trying to accommodate families that want to sit together, but once the plane is loaded we should have gotten on the road! Gate agents never asked anyone to gate check, but then (predictably) there wasn't enough overhead space for everyone's bag, so several passengers had to exit the plane, gate check, and re-board, which contributed to the flight delay. The flight itself was alright, but it was just ridiculous how poorly managed the boarding process was."
"Philadelphia to San Francisco, and United Airlines boarding system is archaic and ridiculous. Don't pick an aisle seat or you will end up getting on last and there will be no overhead space for your bag. When I was boarding, the Group 3, 4 and 5 lines were lined up for a long time since no one pays attention to this system knowing that they're going to get screwed if they try to get a bag in the overhead. I was a 5 and when our turn came, they suddenly announced that everyone (1/5 of the passengers) had to check their carry on bags at the counter because there was no overhead space available which caused complete chaos. After going through security and always getting x-rayed and patted down for no reason, facing this boarding madness feels like torture not to mention the long flight ahead. I did pay for the extra leg room but you get no priority boarding for that - you're just like the people who pay nothing extra. The crew look miserable and I can't say I blame them and the passengers seem sullen and depressed after the regimen they've been through. If companies like United Airlines want to encourage repeat business, they're going to have to realize that you can't treat people like animals and sometimes you might want to give them something to comfort their stress in flying - not even peanuts - they're so cheap. Then I had to find my bag in the carousel - that took another 45 minutes."
"My husband injured his back the night before our United Airlines trip from Boston to Maui. We arrived at the airport with him in a wheelchair. We were ushered to the gate by an airport representative - all was well. We had forgotten we booked exit row seats and the gate agents didn't realize the issue until we were boarding. We were in row 7, and I completely understand that, with my husband's injury, we could not remain in the exit row. What I am taking issue with is the manner in which the agents handled moving us. They made an announcement over the PA and offered our seats to the entire plane. All they asked was that 2 people sitting together exchange seats with us. We paid over $100 each to be in those seats and, at most, the seats should have been offered to other passengers in EconomyPlus seating. Instead, the PA announcement caused mayhem at the gate with many people rushing the counter. Our seats were exchanged for two seats in row 27. So, my husband was rolled to the plane in a wheelchair and then had to almost crawl to row 27. They could have offered the seats to passengers in row 8, for example - at least for starters. Seems as though this would make the ADA shiver. Once the agents realized we had to be moved out of the exit row, we became an annoyance to them. This is a huge fail on the part of United. To add insult to injury, once everyone was onboard, an announcement about the availability of economy seats was made! So, I hit the flight attendant call button, explained what happened and was told we could not move - that there really weren't any seats."
"I decided to start flying a lot more than I had before in the past and I chose United Airlines due to their credit card rewards and prices of the flights. I will give credit for one thing, the mobile app is amazing and saves a lot of time. I have been on quite a few flights and had some minor complaints but nothing big enough for me to ever voice or make me want to change airlines. Well, that has changed. I flew with United Airlines from Little Rock to Dallas to San Diego to San Francisco to Las Vegas to Houston and back to Little Rock this month. On my flight to Vegas I noticed there were a ton of extra seats in the front, the flight might've been half full at most. So I asked the flight attendant before boarding if I was able to move up seeing as I flew with often and I wasn't feeling well. She flat out lied to me and said \"those seats are reserved for employees tonight\". I had absolutely no problem with that and told her I completely understood. Well, I was seated by 2 men on the flight to Vegas and at take off all of those seats were empty. That flight attendant was onboard serving everyone but the other seats that were supposedly \"taken by employees\" weren't actually taken. I was appalled that she had the adauctity to lie to my face. Also, another problem is the $75 same day change fee. I changed my flight that day to a later departure time and it cost me $75 to do that even though the flight wasn't even close to full. Needless to say, I'm changing airlines and do not plan on flying with United again. Southwest is doing it right with their no change fee, might want to look into that."
"Chicago to Manila. Out of all the flights I have taken from the United States to Manila, United Airlines is the worse I have taken. Buying a round trip ticket that is about $2000 and not having no inflight entertainment really sucks. I have to buy the United internet service to be able to get any type of entertainment on my own electronic device. I will not ever go through United Airlines again."
"Indianapolis to Los Angeles via Houston. I had to call to make my reservations, because the website couldn't make them for me (on the phone for 45mins). I had requested the travelers insurance when I booked, and the agent failed to apply it as requested. If you fly United I highly recommend getting the travelers insurance!! I had to call back, the person that made my reservations, entered my lastname as both my first and last name (another 45 mins on the phone). Then my original booking got changed without notification. I was originally to be routed thru Houston and got routed to Dulles in DC. Then my flight got cancelled while I was in DC, due to weather, which is understandable. The customer service was a very pathetic attempt at customer service. I waited in line for over 2 hours, and there were only 25 people in line in front of me. I was told that there were no flights out to L.A. til 2 days later and that United would pay for 3/4 of a 200+ a night hotel, that was their hotel of choice, I was told they wouldn't pay for anything else. After telling them that was not acceptable, and fly me back home, the person next to her found a flight to LAX for a person behind me in line and I was still stuck in DC. The customer service agent then found a flight out to San Francisco, so I took that flight, because I wanted out of the airport after being there all day. Since San Francisco was not my original destination city, I had to take a Greyhound from San Francisco to Los Angeles. I lost 2 complete days due to travel, between cancellation and not getting a correct flight. This also caused for more money out of pocket to get me to the correct location. I don't understand how they hadn't planned for something, since the plane was coming from Chicago, and it is winter. I was just very disappointed with my whole experience with United. Seating was not designed for people of taller stature, I am 6 foot tall with an athletic build, and could not sit comfortably on any of my flights. My return trip was not as bad, but flying coast to coast and then back to the midwest seems like a waste, especially since United's hub city is Chicago."
"Once again United Airlines messes up, travelling from Los Angeles to San Diego. There was not enough room in overhead for my luggage they said. So they made me green tag it and drop it off and the end of the terminal - about 10 feet from the plane. They forgot to put our Bags on the plane. How could they not see before shutting the doors that the bags were just sitting there. This is not the first time this has happened. How is this company still in business?"
"United Airlines cancelled our trip from Toronto to Denver (our connecting hub to Santa Fe). United re-booked us with Air Canada. When we got to Santa Fee, we 'lost' our checked-in box of edible stuff! We had to spend 2 days tracking the package, and American Airlines was the replacement airline to get our package from Denver to Santa Fe. SO it was an American Airlines employee who went beyond her duty to take copious notes and actually contacted the tracking office in Santa Fee. All Lost Luggage calls to the tracking office (outsourced as usual and the agents were not able to help us except to say they could only do their best) produced no results. We travelled on Wednesday December 16 and finally got the package on Friday December 18 by which time some of the food stuff had gone off. Then on our return flight on January 8, 2016, our flights were all delayed, starting from Santa Fee and at Denver, it was a nightmare for my mother and I. She needed wheelchair assistance and we had to request for it twice because the gates got changed, like 5 minutes we were dumped at the first gate. At the second gate, we were advised on the Departure screens that the gate was now somewhere else, even further from the original gate. In the end, my mother got fed up and walked to the last gate where we finally got a rep who was very professional and patient. The information on the Departure screen was confusing as both United and Air Canada were shown to be departing at the same gate but with 5 minutes difference. The flight was delayed by 4 hours and instead of getting into Toronto at a reasonable hour of 10.30 pm on Jan 8, we only got home at 3 am! We have determined not to fly United Airlines any more as this experience has left a sour note."
"My wife and I booked a flight on United Airlines from Seattle to San Antonio to attend our son’s graduation from Air force Basic Military Training. When we got to Denver to change planes, the nightmare began. We were stranded. United didn’t have a cockpit crew (which they described as operational difficulties) and all other flights were already overbooked. We received text messages about every half hour with a new update. This took place for 7 hours and finally at 4pm, United cancelled the flight. Hours later we got an e-mail saying they booked us on a flight the next day, leaving us to miss our son’s graduation. So at that point, we might as well of gone home. Determined not to miss it, we booked a rental car and planned to drive all night to make it. Thankfully my wife found a flight on Southwest and we made it in time. Today I received an e-mail saying we would be receiving a $150.00 credit for each of us to use on a future flight, with United of course. A nice gesture, but if it hadn’t cost me $522.63 (not to mention approximately 14 hours) to fly from Seattle to San Antonio, I could buy my own airline tickets. Very disappointing customer service."
"United Airlines from Seattle to Washington DCA. I didn't know until the night before my flight that I couldn't bring a carry-on item (I had a backpack and a laptop bag, nothing bulky). I was rushing to the airport. Thought I could just pay a small fee but at the desk I believe the cost was $50. $50 for a laptop bag?! I ended up barely shoving the laptop bag into my backpack which was bulging and jammed it under my seat, making it impossible to open the backpack. All the while, the overhead space was almost empty and gone to waste. As soon as I sat down, I heard 3+ announcements about ensuring personal items fit under the seat in front of you, which was obnoxious and draconian. Seats were mediocre in terms of comfort. Then, I began watching the little TV screen. But 30 minutes in, the show I was watching froze and I was asked to pay to continue watching (well, that's lovely). And lastly, there was no complimentary beverage. Not even free waters were offered (evidently you had to specifically ask for a cup of water if need be). Absolute worst airline I have flown with. Only benefit was that it was slightly cheaper than other airlines, but still not worth it."
"San Francisco to Chicago. When you pay $95 annually for a Mileage Plus Explorer credit card, you're supposed to get one free checked bag for flights purchased using the Mileage Plus card. Don't believe it! When United changed the credit card number because that card was apparently compromised, United refused to allow one free checked bag, because the credit card we had at the airport did not match the card used to purchase the tickets (which had since been cancelled). It's a sneaky way for United to get an extra $50, but it's also a clear violation of its policy."
"United Airlines from London to Orlando return via Washington Dulles. Flight from London was prompt, seats allocated at check in. On getting to Washington, our flight to Orlando was delayed by 5 hours! Unbelievable. To add insult to the injury, the airline did not even announce the reason nor did they apologise. Rather, the announcement was for volunteers to check in their hand luggage as the plane was completely overbooked. They also requested for volunteers who would offer up their seat since they oversold ticket! The flight back from Orlando was much more horrible, flight was delayed from MCO and this almost impacted on the connecting flight at Washington. No seats were allocated at check in, we had to wait and wait as they kept increasing the duration of the delay of the first leg of my journey. Went to the customer service who didn’t deem it fit to apologise, but said there should still be 40 mins for the connection and she can’t promise there won’t be any further delays. Plane arrived eventually and we now fell on another queue at the boarding gate to get checked in for seat allocation. This delayed the flight much longer. So in all, we had to thrash the first boarding pass given at check in without seats, and got another boarding pass by the boarding gate. On landing at Washington, we had to race out of the aircraft and onto the other gate as there was no plan for the plane to wait and we couldn’t afford to miss the flight as there was no other flight to London by United. And we still had to obtain another boarding pass with seats at the boarding gate. They were unable to sit us together because the attendant said she has been calling our names and we were not there. ‘How would we be there when our first leg was delayed?’ was my question, she works with United Airlines and should have seen that the first aircraft hadn’t arrived. So she almost gave our seats out if not that we were lucky to have reached the boarding gate within the few minutes prior to departure. With the horrible customer service experience, it was obvious those guys can leave us unattended if the plane had left for London. Flight attendants were horrible, attended to us as if they were told to go fight on the plane."
"This review pertains to the Customer Service Reps at the United Airlines counter in Omaha. I realize that when a flight gets cancelled, the result is usually panic, confusion and frustration. However, being in customer service, I felt that there are other ways of alleviating the stress of their customers. While I was in line for over an hour, I watched one rep point and yell at the customers, one after another. I overhead her tell people that she's heard it all, vacations, family gatherings, job responsibilities. She showed absolutely no empathy for any of the customers with their concerns. She didn't refrain from just yelling at customers, she shared the same love with the employees. \"I only have 2 hands, you'll have to figure it out on your own\". I felt so bad for everyone that experienced the \"help\" of this woman. This woman was the supervisor! It's a wonder why the other employees didn't feel the need to provide good customer service. It was simply, the flight is cancelled, we can get you there on the 2nd. That wasn't an option for us and they didn't provide any other solutions. Except another rep did suggest that we take the Amtrak down to Texas to catch our connecting flight. After hours of sitting in the airport trying to come up with a solution. We thought, how about driving to Denver? So we reluctantly went back to the counter to inquire on flights. Thankfully! We spoke with a male agent who was efficient and polite as possible, he booked our flight with a smile. It was reassuring that he took the time to explain to us the procedure. We left knowing that we had another option. Ironically, while waiting in line for our confirmation, I saw the supervisor walk by with a smile! However, the smile was because she was criticizing someone for duct taping the top of a water bottle. She was shaking her head and name calling. But from afar, one would think she actually liked her job. I am hesitant to ever fly United again. Constant cancellations and delays. According to Supervisor lady, it's always due to weather. When in actuality, it was due to the fact that they had no crew due to the 8 hours wait time. If they weren't short staffed, the weather excuse would not exist. And Supervisor lady would have to come up with another reason to point and yell at people."
"United Airlines from Dubai to Dallas Fort-Worth via San Francisco. Checking in on a fully paid itinerary, I was told \"you have a seat but your children don't\" - really? After 1 hour 45 minutes, we finally got boarding passes. The food from Dubai was less than good, but the main issue was the lack of food. 16 hours inflight, we were fed at hour one, and again at hour 14.5hrs - the \"snack\" offered was a tiny gross sandwich. We were totally unsatisfied by the offerings. Never have I been so hungry on a flight. To add to that, on the Washington to Dubai flight all food offerings inflight were spicy, and not a single pre-order meal was acceptable for a vegetarian child!"
"Seattle to Phoenix via San Francisco was just a horrific experience. United managed to screw up the most basic thing - scheduled 2 flights on the same gate with one aircraft. By the time they resolved the issue, I missed my connection in SFO and had to get the next flight which was 4 hours later. The worse thing is the United Airlne employees acted as if it was our problem to figure out how to get to our destination. It was just horribly frustrated. It was no better on the trip back to Seattle. The flight from Phoenix to SFO was 75 minutes late and the flight SFO to Seatte was 90 minutes late. The whole trip was a nightmare. I don't usually write review, but this unpleasant experience with UA was so significant that I thought I should share. It is no wonder that UA ranks the worst in customer satisfaction. And UA is proudly stand up to the reputation."
"Houston to Salt Lake City flight itself was alright. However, not only did United Airlines delay my checked baggage without telling me, baggage that I had specifically paid for, but then lied about the amount of time it would take to get that baggage back to me. I arrived at 5:00pm, the baggage didn't come until 9:30pm (I was told 8:00pm). Now it is 10:30am the next day and I still have yet to see my bag (I was told it would arrive 10:00pm at the latest). Needless to say, I won't be flying United again."
"Flew return flights from Birmingham (UK) to Newark in December 2015 with United Airlines. Plane was 1 hour delayed leaving Birmingham due to issues with luggage being stored in the hold however no announcement was made by the crew until 50 minutes after the scheduled departure time. The cabin crew on the way to Newark were rude and lacked basic customer service skills, even a smile and eye contact seemed to much. Rather than offer drinks, the trolley was swiftly marched down the aisle not stopping unless you caught their attention. My entertainment screen was also broken when I asked one of the female crew members to look if anything could be done I was told no and she wouldn't do anything. I understand it wasn't the end of the world as I had a book and my iPod but found her response unhelpful. Food was okay for airline standards and seats had a reasonable amount of legroom although we had upgraded to premium economy. On our return journey I was shocked at the rudeness of the staff at check in, we were using the self check-in system at Newark which I found clever and fast however the United Airlines attendant assisting passengers showed some of the poorest customer service I had ever seen, I'd advise not to ask for any help at this stage to anyone using the United Airlines Self Check in at Newark. The overnight flight back to Birmingham though was far more pleasant, it shows the difference a nice crew can make to your journey. Overall I wasn't massively impressed with United Airlines and probably would not use them again if it came to it. It's a shame the efforts of some staff members are overshadowed by others."
"We were booked on a 1230 (Wednesday) flight to Las Vegas to celebrate New Year - spent the night at the CLE airport to catch the 6:50 am flight. Checked flight status at 5 am - listed as 'on time'. Went to the airport amidst the insanity of their construction and continued to check flight status - still 'on time'. At 30 min. before the departure we got a text that the flight was 'cancelled' - raced to Customer service along with every other passenger on the full flight, only to find no reps there yet - even though we were the second person in line, the rep said that 'we can't get you there til January 1st Friday\". And our return was Saturday - sounds phenomenal. Then she proceeded to tell us that the plan never arrived from its previous location----yet 30 min. before departure they were listing it as 'on time'. Waiting on the 'full refunds' they promised us - not holding my breath. As an aside, I have to laugh at the absurd sales pitches their FAs give regarding their 'new improved IFE system\". If you like watching a movie on your cell phone or want to schlepp a laptop along, you'll love it. If you don't, you're just out of luck. Our CLE-LAS flight stated it had NO IFE at all. This is shameful. United Airlines actions indicate they could not care less about their customers."
"Houston to Newark with United Airlines. First my daughter was partially at fault for getting Starbucks so close to departure, but we all had boarding passes and were at the gate 15-20 min before takeoff. The family had already boarded and they decided my daughter and another minor should have arrived sooner, held them back and gave the seats to non-revs. Our daughter called and alerted us so we deplaned and were held at the end of the jetway. A manager came down to speak with my wife who was beside herself saying \"You can't leave us on the plane and make our child stay behind alone.\" The manager's response: \"Mam, we'd leave a 3 year old behind!\" Luckily another passenger was commenting on how bad the gate agent was treating our daughter when an Attendant overheard and told the Captain he needs to make it right, which he did by ordering a non-rev off the plane and my daughter onboard. Continental Airlines never treated customers this was. They are truly missed. The flight crew was awesome by the way, but I have to give a low rating because of the Gate Agents and Manager. I can't support an airline that proudly states it would leave a 3-yr old behind and treat my daughter like that."
"Newark to Raleigh Durham. I made the reservation two weeks before to my travel date, to fly on 31st Dec 2015 at 5:53PM from EWR to RDU. I reached the airport on travel day, and doing check in at one of the kiosk, the message showed up as 'Flight was overbooked would you like to take $150 travel certificate and take next flight'. I select no and did the check in. When I reached the gate, the agent says no more seats available and asked to contact United reservations for next available flight, that were available following day after noon. I went to United Airlines customer care desk; the response was very rude as if that was my mistake. They were very rude, unfriendly and the reservation process was senseless because my reservation was confirmed but there are no seats when I was there to fly. Later went to Chinatown in New York to take the bus from New York City to Raleigh, that was the only option I had on 31st evening."
"On 27th December, we were on a direct flight from London Heathrow to Newark and were delayed by a 'maintenance issue' by 18 hours. They did inform us promptly and were put into a hotel for the night and flew us out the next day. We were given a photocopied sheet of instructions of our rights and how to claim back compensation, but when we followed the web address, it led us to a feedback sheet which was had to be submitted online and there was nowhere to file a complaint via email. When we got home, we searched the United web site and there is no complaint department which I find shocking. We have searched high and low for help and advise on how to proceed. We have found nothing but negative feedback especially about United appearing to shirk their responsibilities when things go wrong. The flight itself was ok - but only ok. The cabin crew ranged from lovely to rude (one female crew member was incredibly angry towards me when she tripped over my sleeping husbands leg which had crept out into the aisle area). I thought the food was nice for aircraft grub and they did give a complimentary glass of wine. The plane was rather shabby - a length of trim came off the overhead locker and the crew struggled to stow it and a trim panel in the toilet came away completely when I pulled off a piece of toilet tissue. A large section of the plane was left without their entertainment screens which could not be fixed, and I was unable to connect to the inflight entertainment even though I had downloaded their app before the flight as instructed. Whilst I appreciate these things are not safety related, it did not inspire confidence in their maintenance programme. I will, like many others not fly United again unless life and limb depended on it."
"Gunnison to Austin via Houston. On this particular trip we flew economy plus. Our flights were delayed due to weather, with which I have no issues. It was when we got to Houston that we ran into issues. We got on our plane, backed out of the gate and then proceeded to sit on the runway for two hours. The pilot announced that he was attempting to leave to Austin before his allowed flying hours terminated, but was stopped and declared an illegal flight instead. Thus, there were no gates for us to return to. I do want to say the flight attendants were more than accommodating, but with two children under the age of 3 with us, sitting on the runway was a nightmare. When we finally got to the gate, our flight had been cancelled. So, as we deplaned, a United rep. was waiting at the gate handing out customer service number cards. She was rude and not willing to answer any questions, including: how do we get our luggage? She made no eye contact and would answer us in short, irritated responses. At the very least, United could have instructed a more sympathetic employee to stand at the gate while we deplaned. This was the beginning of customer service at its worst. The customer service line was packed, so we decided to rent a car in order to drive back to Austin, without any help or recommendations from United. The next step was to figure out how to get our baggage, and on 5 different attempts we waited on hold for assistance for two hours each, even with the Gold Member extension. When we finally were able to get an answer, we were told that our baggage would not be delivered to our home because the flight was cancelled due to bad weather, which we know not to be true due to what our pilot said to us (as stated above), and in the fact that flights were taking off around us while we were waiting on the tarmac. Moreover, on our drive to Austin, we did not have a single drop of rain, nor did we see any storms or feel any wind. That being said, all could have been forgiven if the United reps were more patient, United was a little more honest, we had a quicker answer, and United was willing to bend a little when it came to getting us our baggage (which meant an extra hour trip for us to the Austin airport to pick up our luggage). Ultimately, our greatest disappointment was in the lack of care in customer service."
"Kansas City to Denver. Decided to visit my girlfriend for New Years and got to the airport at 4:30am on Dec 30th to check in (departure at 6). At 4:35, we are told that the flight was canceled. The pilot was sick - I don't care if you got a sick pilot, you need to be responsible and find someone else or compensate us for the trouble and canceled plans. I was fortunate enough to quickly rebook online with my phone and was on standby for the next flight. I can't say the same for the other 100 people, which had to wait until after New Years to get a flight out. As I waited for the next flight on standby in hopes of a seat, I find that they have overbooked the flight by 17 people. A family of 7 who had planned a trip to Cancun could not make it there to enjoy the vacation. Even Frontier is better than United, and it's a fraction of the price."
"San Diego to Detroit via Houston. This was the return leg of the trip we started on December 25th. Of the 4 legs we had, only 1 leg was our family of 5 kept together. Usually my youngest minor child (13) was placed somewhere else on the plane apart from the rest of the family. Having purchased these tickets in February 2015, I find it very hard to believe that the flight was so full at the time of purchase that my family couldn't be kept together. United had my $3000 for 10 months before the flight as I paid at the time of booking. Then, when we arrive in Houston 18 minutes early,we sit on the runway waiting for our gate to be cleared. Then when the gate gets cleared 10 minutes later, they decide to change gates. What should have been a 1 hour layover is now down to a race to go from terminal c to terminal b. We double check the Airport Board to make sure we have the right gate and that the plane is on time. We do, and it says it is. We race to B76 and stand there. And stand there. Finally 10 minutes after we were supposed to start boarding we are told that the flight is delayed because they are short 1 Flight Attendant. 10 minutes later we are told the Flight Attendant for our flight called off sick, after we were told that the flight attendant was on the ground. This process continued for almost 2 hours, while they \"searched\" for a flight attendant. The time was continually bumped by 15 minutes, then a half hour, never really allowing any of us an opportunity to go get food, even though many of us had not eaten since breakfast. On top of all this, I was originally scheduled to go from San Diego to Chicago to Detroit, and the airline changed my flight without my knowledge 2 days before we departed. Because of the airlines delay I was forced to rent a car in Detroit as my arranged transportation couldn't meet us after a 2 hour delay. This cost me an additional $100 as it was a last minute car rental on a holiday. I find the lack of customer service, the unfriendly seating of a family of 5 in 3 different sections of the plane to be unsatisfactory. Once United Airlines have your money you are at their mercy and they do not care. This will be the last time this family flies on United."
"Los Cabos to Newark return with United Airlines. The flight was on time, new plane and comfortable seats, but the problem is that in a 5hr 30min flight you had to pay for food - food was also very expensive, and there was not enough food for all the passengers, so I bought the last two snack that very tasty chips and disgusting nuts. Flight attendants took more than a hour to serve everything. On the return flight EWR-SJD, when we got to the airport staff told us that the flight was canceled, but it wasn't. On the flight the same issue, food for purchase on a 6hr 30min flight - another problem was you had to pay for your baggage. On both flights there was no entertainment. Flight attendants friendly and did their job professionally."
"Birmingham UK to Orlando via Newark. Having pushed back from the gate we were told that a fuel pump had failed so rather than return to the gate and let us wait for the repairs in the lounge they parked us on a stand away from the terminal (Cheaper that way). Two hours later we finally left Birmingham. We noticed a 'Check Pilot' leave the flight deck to sit behind us for the flight to Newark. As we approached Newark the 'Check Pilot' re-entered the flight deck. He must have made either the Captain or First Officer nervous because we came in way too high and had to abort the landing, so around we went again by which time we had no chance of catching our flight to Orlando. The Captain informed us that the aborted landing was due to 'wind'. Yeh right, don't insult your passengers intelligence! On the ground we went to the United desk to get seats on the next flight down to Orlando. Desk clerk informed us that although we had four 'first class' seats booked and paid for, there were only three first class seats available, therefore one of the party would have to take a seat in 'coach'. OK these thing happen but we would obviously get a refund of the difference (about $250). That was in March 2015 - we made the claim in April 2015 on our return to the UK. Our travel agent received an offer from United of $100 and chose to make up the difference because of the trade we give him. We are still waiting for the refund from United! I travelled regularly between Birmingham UK and Jacksonville FL when the company was Continental with no problems. Since United have taken over, the airline is a disgrace. Having had a rubbish flight from London Heathrow to San Francisco on United a few years ago I was dubious about flying with them again. My doubts were well founded. Never again! The senior management should be looking for other jobs, preferably not in the airline industry."
"United Airlines is the absolute worst airline and their staff at SFO mirrors how they operate as a company. I booked my flight to cancun a few weeks ago and was flying out yesterday morning. Upon arrival, the plane was overbooked with 120 passengers and only 100 seats. I was of course the odd person out. I was rebooked this morning for a flight out, same time and same flight number. Woke up at 4:30am to take the train to SFO and arrived to find out the flight was cancelled. At this point, I am finished with United Airlines and done with this horrific mess of a situation. I talked to an agent to cancel my roundtrip flight and tried to search for my checked bag (which I checked for my original flight yesterday). Turns out that despite promising me that my bag would not leave to Cancun without its passenger, it ended up going yesterday morning on the overbooked flight. Now I sit here, with my holiday travel plans destroyed and a lost bag. I have to go back to SFO for a 3rd time tomorrow or Friday to pick it up. They ruined my new year and hopes of an exciting vacation."
"By far the worst experience I have had with an airline. Flying United Airlines from Melbourne to Mexico through LAX, the flights were delayed for 6 hours. Had a similar experience on the way back and United lost our luggage! The customer service is rude and unhelpful. While waiting in the long line for customer service at LAX I overheard one of United's customer service agents joking about how she directed one customer to take the long way around the airport to intentionally cause him grief. My advice is to do anything you can to avoid flying with United Airlines. The small amount of money you may save with them is not worth the trauma. This is an airline offering the poorest quality service they can get away with."
"Newark to Atlanta. I am so disappointed with the service United Airlines provide. The customers service reps at Newark are so rude and disrespectful. There were only three reps working and I was sent to two different lines and had to wait in the lines at least 2 hours and I was more than early for my flight. No one informed me that my flight was cancelled. I didn't get a call email or text. I spent 90 dollars for a cab. Her words were \"oh well that's not happening tonight\" and \"your flight is non refundable so\". I ended up having to choose a different airline. I've never had such an unpleasant experience. United Airlines workers are of no assistance and have the worst attitudes when you need help."
"Pittsburgh to London via Chicago. I am American, but live in the UK, so I make frequent trips to the US with my 6 year old daughter. I make an enormous effort not to fly any US carriers when I travel because the inflight experience is on average materially worse than virtually any other airline I know of. United however takes the cake as the worst. The reason I write this review is not because we were stranded overnight somewhere or held up on a tarmac for hours on end. I write this review because of the simple, every day occasions where United flight attendants and staff make flying unpleasant. On one flight, I sat with my sleeping daughter in my lap, call light on, for about 20 mins just to request a cup of water. I finally get the attention of a flight attendant, and she boldly waves me off and never comes to offer assistance. On my last flight, the flight attendant was so impolite at my request for 3 beverages between my daughter and me, I wondered if she was personally bearing the cost of the drinks. Today, I'm connecting through Chicago, and my minor daughter and I are not sitting together. At bag check in, they couldn't reseat me. And at the gate, I swear the steward took pleasure in not being able to do anything to reassign our seats. Instead of offering apologies, he blankly stared at me and repeated - word for word - a useless statement that I'd have to ask for assistance on board. Not only did this leave my 6 year old daughter crying, but after asking 4 people already, I'm to believe that the crew on board are going to do anything? It seems reasonable that United Airlines should be able to ensure children aren't flying alone; but even if they can't, you'd think their staff might not be so put out by their own jobs that they're wholly insensitive to the distress they're causing passengers. If anyone at United - or more importantly, the unions - is reading this review, it might help to prepare your employees for a career in public relations, or perhaps train them in being less hostile to paying customers."
"I was travelling from Tokyo Haneda to Pittsburgh, and I'm giving this review because of the way United Airlines handled its business in light of a few storms that made travel difficult. They people need to plan better for who is going to be available to assist with bad weather operations. In Las Angeles I had a delayed flight that caused me to miss my connecting flight. I know its the winter months. A lot of people traveling and some potential for delays. However I plan for that. Something United Airlines failed to do. When I learned my flight was delayed and I would miss my connection, I went to the service desk. The line had about 30 people who were having the same issue. The two women working behind the desk were assisting about 1 person every 40 minutes. I'm sure you can do the math on how long this process took. Why United Airlines couldn't have more than 2 people working during the busiest months of the year when you're charging that much for a flight is beyond me. The only thing keeping United Airlines going is lack of choices. Also after being hung up on by your help desk, if I could help it I'd never fly with United again."
"Our flight leaving New Hampshire was delayed 2 hours which put us behind for our connecting flight in Newark. We were told not to worry, that we would be sure there would be time to connect. Watching the time in the air, we were late to land and rushed off the airplane. We consulted with an airline assistant and she assured us the plane was still here and directed us to a gate change. When we arrived, there was no record of a flight change and headed to customer service. We were then told the flight already left and we would be on the next flight at 6am : they rebooked us on a flight to Tampa (where we would have to rent a car and drive to ft Myers). We boarded the flight to Tampa, waited 40 minutes on the plane when a voice came on the speaker and alerted us that the flight had been canceled. There was no pilot to fly the plane. We were told to go again to customer service or we could call. We called and again, a representative confirmed we would be on the next flight to Tampa so we slept in the airport, on the floor, me being pregnant and traveling with my 2 year old only to find out when the attendant arrived that we were not on the flight. So here we sit, not knowing where we are going, stuck in Newark. Not one United Airlines employee has been able to give us accurate information to help us or get us where we need to go. I'm very frustrated and do not wish this fiasco on anyone."
"My wife and I were returning from Cancun on December 28 flight (UA1277) and it was delayed almost 2 hours. Then when we got to LAX we were told our connecting flight UA480 was also delayed until midnight 11:55pm. We waited, and around 12:30am we were notified the flight was cancelled. The next flight that was available was on Wednesday, December 30th. That's is two whole days later. We were not offered any hotel accommodations and we had no choice but to rent a car because my wife had a medical appointment (that was scheduled during our trip) that she could not miss. It was very disappointing because we waited a long time to find out the flight was cancelled. Had they told us earlier we could have found other alternatives of getting to SFO faster. Not to mention, we had no other option but to seek alternative expenses requiring us to make an additional expenses such as car rental, food, gas, and additional long term parking fees at SFO because United Airlines failed to notify us about the cancellation in a timely manner. We were not giving clear information about the refund process, they simply told us to go online and submit a request. It was the worst experience ever. I will never fly though United Airlines again. I do not recommend it to anyone. The Wi-Fi was not available either from Cancun to LAX"
"Newark to Tel Aviv with United Airlines. This is an airline that overtly wants to demonstrate that they don't have any regard for their customers. This is for an upcoming flight. I had booked weeks before with a seat assignment for 2 people. As though it was a class magical act, the seat assignments disappeared. I attempted to receive an assigned seat and could not do so. We paid over $1000 for these seats and the UAL agent and supervisor could not, or would not, assign a seat. We are told we cannot get a seat assignment unless it is the day of departure from the airport. Unless you want to pay an extra $209 for an Economy Plus Seat. Not wanting to chance getting stuck in seats between very large travellers for 10+ hours, we accepted the ransom price!"
"Guadalajara to Seattle. Drove 2 hours to the airport and showed up about 3 hours in advance to catch a 6:50am United Airlines flight to Houston and then catch a connected flight to Sea-Tac. The flight to Houston was delayed to 1pm because apparently the crew never showed up and the weather was bad in Houston (that part is understandable). I was forced to wait for 6 hours at the gate. Inflight entertainment was mediocre at best, but the seat comfort was acceptable. Flight attendants were friendly so the entire experience wasn't ruined. Still wouldn't recommend it due to the huge delay."
"Amsterdam to Newark. It goes like this - 1:25am \"Your 915am flight to Newark is delayed due to awaiting aircraft. UA71 now departs Amsterdam 955am and arrives 1220pm\". 2:00am Update: UA71 to Newark now departs at 1035am and arrives 1pm - after three more updates it's now 7am. Update: UA71 to Newark now departs at 3pm and arrives 5.25pm. I start fearing about my connection before midnight. The lady tells me not to worry about it, this is the final delay! 3 hrs later - 10:05 \"Update: UA71 to Newark now departs at 6.31pm and arrives 8.56pm\". So here we are all of us stranded at the airport in Amsterdam, watching the target for boarding moving by the minute! The plane had maintenance issues and it got so long that the crew missed their working hours slot. That was the story until the 3pm delay, the funny thing is nobody knows here how to explain the further delay until 9pm. 12 hours late! I don't know why I did this to myself again. Last trip with United Airlines had been a mess as well, looking at the conditions of those old 757 planes it's a miracle they don't have more issues."
"I was supposed to be on a United Airlines flight from San Francisco to Cancun last night at 10:45 pm. I arrived at the airport 2 hours in advance, everything was going great, I was supposed to be taking a red-eye flight and arriving in beautiful, sunny Cancun when I woke up. That was until one of the staff members announced that the flight has been canceled and it has been a downward spiral ever since. I don't even know where to begin. Let's see - the flight was canceled and not even rescheduled. I have been on hold for 2 hours waiting for a customer service representative from United to answer. Then the call got disconnected, and now I am on hold yet again, with estimated wait times of 60 minutes. I'm just overjoyed. But my personal favorite is the fact that even though the airplane never even left the airport, I am unable to get my luggage. It is almost 3am. I cannot get ahold of a representative, I cannot get my luggage, I was not offered any concessions for my inconvenience, and I cannot change my flight online. Word of advice - if you want to actually make it to your vacation and not spend your entire night in the airport terminal, fly with anyone else. Too bad there's no option for negative stars. Way to ruin my vacation."
"Our United Airlines flight from Colorado Springs to Houston was delayed due to mechanical issues. The staff in Colorado Springs did a great job of re-routing everybody because we were all missing our connecting flights. We decided to go ahead and at least get to Houston because they were giving us hotel and meal vouchers. When we got to Houston, they send us to a horrible hotel. We tried to use our food voucher less than 24 hours later at the airport (the vouchers were supposed to be good for 2 days), but they were denied at airport restaurants. Also we paid for an upgrade in seats when we booked our trip and have yet to receive those seats. We will never fly United again."
"Puerto Vallarta to Nashville via Houston. Poor staff management on United Airlines end caused dozens of people to miss their connecting flight in Houston. Had to spend an extra 22 hours in Houston because that was the next available flight. Started off with a 30 minute delay in Mexico, which turned into a two hour delay. The original crew told us they were, \"not legal to fly\". So, they swapped out with a different crew. Forty five minutes later, that crew announces they are not the correct crew and that they are bringing the original crew back. We wait some more on the ground. We finally take off. When we get to Houston, we wait on the taxi way for an additional 15 minutes because our gate is blocked by equipment. Well we finally make it through customs, but our flight left 30 minutes ago. United had the audacity to tell a couple passengers that they will not refund their money or get them on a different flight because it was US customs that caused their missed flight."
"It is common knowledge that United Airlines has slipped behind both American and delta on virtually all service parameters, but their PS service decline is especially alarming as it was the market leader for a few years. Took flight 497 from Newark to San Francisco on 25 December in business first and it was very disappointing. No amenity kits, flight attendants told other passengers that there was absolutely no food available during the 3+ hour gap after breakfast, although they stood in the galley eating snacks. For a good half hour after meal service the front galley was blocked by carts so both pilots could use the facilities and socialize with the flight attendants. All passengers finished eating and trays sat uncollected. Eventually someone had to ring call button and was told off and instructed to use economy bathroom. Both front cabin attendants were unfriendly and one openly hostile to passengers. Absolutely no contact with passengers for much of the flight. Have used the new transcontinental service of American Airlines and Delta and they are much better. This is all on top of shifting PS flights to Newark which is a chaotic mess - basically a cheap mall filled with poor signage and long lines. I had the impression that every passenger in the front cabin was unhappy."
"Los Angeles to Rio de Janeiro via Houston. United Airlines is the worst airline. From their seats, to their ticketing process and flight attendants. First of all, they didn't let us purchase an upgrade to business class although the class was half empty. We paid $189 a seat for \"premium\", which was the biggest joke. The seat barely reclined. I've never ever been so uncomfortable during a flight. I couldn't lift up the armrests between me and my kids, the seats barely reclined and when they did, they wouldn't stay, and the width was smaller than normal. I am a regular international traveler and this is the last time I will fly with United."
"I have mixed feelings about United Airlines. The few upsides of the flight from San Francisco to Boston were the fact that it was direct, cheap, and punctual. Also, for some reason, I was able to use Wifi without paying. However, I was not impressed with the cabin service. We started off the flight with an announcement that there was something wrong with the plane, which is never good news to hear. My seat had a disgusting stain and felt like cardboard. There was no complementary dinner even though it was a night flight, and the price was very high. The inflight entertainment system was nonexistent, and the flight attendants did the safety introduction the old-fashioned way: acting it out in the front of the plane. Unfortunately, I was in the back. United is a so-so airline, one that should be avoided unless it's the cheapest or the most convenient. Other than that, I do not recommend it."
"Chicago to Sao Paulo, and United Airlines is the worst airline I have ever flown, with poorest in flight service. Flight attendants look annoyed. After 3 hours of flying a crew member ask me if I could leave my seat for a family with a kid since there was an empty seat next to me. He was giving me the window seat behind me, but there was someone else seating there, and that person was being rudely moved from that seat, so I told the flight attendant that I would take the other seat instead, I don't need to be watching that drama. They should be a little bit more considerate, and respect people paying for their flights. Other thing I hated about that service is the fact that they charge for spirits, they shouldn't be charge because that's a 10 hour international flight. I would prevent people that I know from flying United Airlines, and for myself, this is the last time."
"Vancouver to Singapore via San Francisco. United Airlines is a horrendous airline. Flight got delayed over 4 hours, trying calling to arrange for rerouting or rescheduling and after 2+ hrs of talking and waiting, they weren't able to do anything and suggested we head to the airport. Once at airport, finally managed to get rerouted through Cathay Pacific, but got stuck in airport for over 12 hours and United Airlines provided no accommodation, lounge access or compensation. Rude and disinterested customer service as well, never flying with them again."
"Vancouver to San Francisco on United Airlines. This airline is a complete disaster, my flight on Christmas eve continues to get delay after delay, almost 8 hours at this point. The gate staff are rude and uninterested in helping, the excuse for the delays is laughable with the airline being unable to find the flight crew, but they assure us they are ringing the hotel!! Never again"
"Flew from Jakarta to Hong Kong on Cathay Pacific, and then on United Airlines to Washington DC via Chicago. Although Cathay is partner airline, could not reserve seats or obtain boarding pass in Jakarta. Arrived Tokyo and had to wait for two and one/half hours for United Rep. Only then could I proceed to upstairs eating establishments. Flight from Hong Kong to Washington was torture since gentleman next to me in aisle seat had light on all night. The light shined directly in side of my face. Food was tasteless, staff were polite throughout fight. Have been United frequent flyer for years and often fly from IAD to Far East. With recent changes in United's frequent flyer rules and United's relentless efforts to reduce costs at expense of quality, I am searching other airlines."
"Manchester (UK) to San Jose with United Airlines. A 5 hour delay then lost bags. Tracking number for bag didn't work and could not get through on the phone. Had to re-visit the airport twice. On holiday now and still no luggage, we have been given 2 new times for delivery of bags but both deadlines passed and no bag. It seems the bag was re directed to Texas! Why I don't know, and neither did the airline."
"Every flight departed one hour late and we were unable to make reconnecting flights and were given a $ 7.00 meal voucher. Try buying a meal in Chicago for $7.00. Will not fly United again. The service representative did not seem concerned over our missed flight as it must happen over and over again."
"Worst airline ever. Four + hours of delay for a one hour flight. Two other flights to Burbank were cancelled. Worst experience with an airline I've ever had. The airlines offered no explanation, compensation, or anything. The most ridiculous flight experience I've ever had. The amount of waiting at the airport plus the flight time is equivalent to how long it would have taken to drive there. Ridiculous is the only word to describe the experience I've had with this airline. I recommend using a different airline."
"Seats are horribly uncomfortable, as the headrest is poorly designed, especially for short people. The crew were impolite. The connection flight was delayed for over 3 hours, and they kept making it longer and longer. At first the departure time is 8, and then 8:30, then 9:30, then 10:30 - with an absurd reason: air traffic. Will try my best to avoid at all cost. If I'm a little bit richer, I'll definitely go with another airline."
"Flight on December 19 from Dulles to Paris CDG was mediocre. The check-in and boarding process was quick and expedient but I rarely check in luggage so I cannot speak to that. In-flight service is definitely not one of United's strengths. The flight attendants look annoyed and rarely smile. Anytime you ask for something, you are greeted with a sigh and a look of discontent. Also, there is very little professionalism. A passenger a few seats ahead of me made a request to use the restroom before the seat beat light was turned off citing a medical concern and the flight attendant nearby repeated the medical issue out loud to another flight attendant so that everyone could hear it. I always end up taking United not for the service but because it is in the Star Alliance and I gather miles. Otherwise, I would fly another carrier."
"Newark to Munich with United Airlines. The worst customer service ever. Entire problem started at check-in with electronic non-working registers, no representatives to assist. Finally one arrived, asked lots of irrelevant questions - you definitely do not want all this when rushing for a plane. 2 planes where delayed. Onboard awful service, inappropriate attitude and language, hearing 2 stewardesses chatting loudly about dates and boyfriends, not to mention small details like no greeting on plane entrance and presonnel chewing a gum in front of the passengers. The only professional in service crew was its manager who took my complaints in very friendly and respectful manner. It seems that top-management of the company does not their job properly, do not motivate employees - very easy to run out of business."
"Yet another cancelled United Airlines flight with a few shifted delays in between. Cancelled after 4 hours total delay. No hope for customers with international connections. Poor communication - cannot guarantee the seats you paid thousands for the next day. Employees always claim they can do nothing. Not the first time this would happen. They simply tell you flight is cancelled and you miss your connection. You are on your own. Why does the Government still allow them to fly? This airline is a big time rip off."
"Never again will I use United Airlines. I always used Continental for this trip from Belfast to the northeast Coast of the US and had not major problems. But they merged with United and not for the better!! There were only two toilets on the plane, something I had never encountered before and I was in an aisle seat right near them so that for 7 hours people streamed past me, brushing into me. Screaming children in front of me and to the right for the entire flight and a crew that looked like they had staggered in off the street. The return flight was delayed by 2.5 hours with nothing on the PA nor the board so we all were running about trying to get information. The officials dealing with it were curt and in some cases rude. We kept getting bits and pieces of information as to what was going on. And both flights there was problems with the videos onboard which all did not work. The return flight had no room for my overhead and I had to wait till almost lift off for someone to take it from me and put it in the hold. Most nightmarish flying experience in my life."
"Houston to Honolulu. Never again will I fly United Airlines. Cabin crew that I struggle to describe in polite terms. Friendly in a folksy manner. Premium Economy worth the price for the extra leg room, but many of the seats were in need of repair. On a 8.5 hour flight I was offered complimentary drink service twice. No food service - they offer snacks and light bites for sale. What I saw was less than appetizing and overpriced. The flight was on time, the pilot landed smoothly and safely in HNL, and my luggage arrived on the same flight. In the future I will make every effort to avoid United Airlines."
"London Heathrow to Newark. Horrible flight and service - will not fly on United Airlines Boeing 767 business class product again. I am a Global Services member and had not flown business class on United's three class product in a while. Hard product was cramped with no privacy. Staff was completely unrefined and felt similar to an economy plus service level. Food wasn't terrible but overall meal service was horrible. Only saving grace was wifi service and decent entertainment system. However, going forward when there isn't a F ticket for purchase I will fly Delta or American Airlines - American has a beautiful 1-2-1 product with wifi."
"I travel often for business and this is the second time I've taken United Airlines from Paris to San Francisco. The service and staff are really lacking sophistication. I saw everything from a lack of manners (not using please, excuse me, etc) to hanging over customers on aisle seats to tend to customers in window seats. On both flights this happened. I usually fly Air France and one feels like they're in a fine dining restaurant. Not the case with United at all. It feels like a horrible diner. I ordered a gluten free meal, which typically is lovely on other flights but with United it's basically an economy meal. Worse, is that the hostess came over and showed me the tray and started unwrapping it and taking it apart. Not asking me but just saying \"What do you want me to do with this\". I tried to suggest that's her job. If you're looking for fine service, do not choose United."
"I understand that things sometimes happen which are beyond the control of the staff, and delays occur. However, my experience with United Airlines today was highly disappointing not only because of the delay (approximately three hours), but because of the lack of professionalism demonstrated by the staff. Our flight attendant was not apologetic about the long, expected delay at all, but was very rude toward several passengers. One of these passengers included a woman with a baby, from whom the flight attendant grumpily took a purse and roughly shoved it into the overhead. There were no apologies from the flight attendant as we de-boarded, after another smaller delay as we waited for a free gate, and she was not pleasant toward anyone, from what I observed. This is the fourth time I have experienced unexpected delays while flying United during the past four years or so, but the first time I have ever experienced such poor service."
"I had two issues flying with United Airlines from St Louis to Honolulu. Firstly they rearranged our seats after I had checked in and had moved it so that none of the seats were seated together, which I then had to waste time trying to fix since I was flying with my husband and our two infants who are both under the age of 2. The employees who were trying to fix this problem, were nothing but rude and acted inconvienced at the fact that I didn't want my 1 year old sitting by herself 3 rows behind me. My husband and I were traveling with two small infants, one who was a lap child and the other had her own seat. For her seat we brought her car seat, which for a child her age (1) is a large seat. When we asked to board first in order to avoid hitting anyone on the head with the car seat we were met with rude responses about how it's not policy to let families board first, and that we should just be more careful while boarding. Policy or not you risk people getting injured by not letting us board prior. We are just asking to get situated so others are not inconvienced by our child's needs. We in fact waited to be the last off the planes for the same reason. While traveling to St. Louis, we flew American and they had absolutely no issues with letting us board first for this reason, and were extremely nice and understanding about it."
"My husband and I used United Airlines for our honeymoon. The night before we left we noticed that my husband's name was wrong on his boarding pass. When we explained the situation, the reps were very nice, they seemed to be working as quickly as possible and they got us on the earliest flight possible. The trip home: Our itinerary was SFO-Newark, NJ - Portland, ME. Our flight from SFO was delayed. We land in Newark and sprint to our gate with minutes to spare and were told \"that flight was cancelled\" and directed us to customer service. We wait in line for about 5 minutes before a rep states to the crowd, \"we are closing, you need to go to the other customer service line.\" We wait for about 45 minutes in the new line. When we get to the counter, the rep asks how he can help us, I state, \"We'd just like the earliest flight to Portland, ME please\". He asks if we'd be willing to split up and we explain that we'd rather not. He suggests a flight to Boston. I tell him we have no way to Portland after that and he says to call family (it's past midnight). I say that's not an option, but the rep still pushed it. 5 minutes later he suggests a 10am flight for us, we ask for that and give him our boarding passes. He scans mine and says, \"so how were you planning on getting to Portland?\" I say, \"what do you mean? with that boarding pass I just gave you.\" He explains that the flight was cancelled due to weather, which at this point we had known for hours. I say, \"yes, that's why we're trying to get on the 10a flight tomorrow.\" He says that our flight ends in Newark. At this point my husband and I were extremely confused because our passes clearly stated Portland. He suggests a rental car. We sleep in the airport for a few hours and rent a car. He never gave us boarding passes, and almost lost my husbands baggage claim ticket. Our TA spent a long time going back and forth with United customer service. We were confirmed for a 6am flight, despite not receiving boarding passes. She tried to get them to refund us for our car but United stated that they \"don't reimburse for rental cars\". What they did was reimburse for our last leg ($45 each) and gave us each a $100 flight voucher to use within a year. We won't be using them again."
"Tampa to Manchester via Washington with United Airlines. Travelled from UK and allowed baggage was 23Kg. Checked into Tampa for return flight and female assistant informed me that I was 2lbs overweight with my luggage. She said allowance was 50 pounds (ie 22.67Kg) and I had to remove 2 pounds before suitcase was accepted. She was totally disinterested when I informed her that I had travelled from the UK at 23Kg and why was that not accepted here in the USA to return to UK. All she could say \"2lbs must be removed\". I asked could I pay for excess and she said yes it would be 100 dollars and I agreed to pay. She then said no, it is 200 dollars and at this I said I would not pay for excess of 2lbs. I took my suitcase away, this I found to be embarrassing and removed excess. I was most upset to have to carry this 2lbs around with me all the way back to the UK. I only had one handbag for cabin luggage and this was probably about 5Kg - about 13 Kg under what I was allowed to take onboard!"
"Slightly old looking plane were my first impressions, but we departed on time and arrived in Manchester 30 mins ahead of schedule. United Airlines cabin crew were great, and provided great service. Drink services and complimentary beer and wine. Spirits were charged at $7 each! I was shocked at this. It seems a Like a budget airline to me. I'm told this is the same for other US airlines. All long haul flights I've done with Emirates, Air France, KLM have all been included. The card payment machines weren't working of which couldn't buy duty free and couldn't accept cash. Inflight screen wasn't brilliant but worked well and had to be rebooted once."
"On this United Airlines trip, I had 2 stops each way then final on a round trip. The flight portion from PDX to DEN, the Captain / First Officer were, but the wifi did not work, and I was needing to get work done. On my return flight, MCI to DEN, the hostesses were very rude. DEN to PDX the wifi did not work again, but they were pushing to sell Direct TV. If the wifi did not work, then why would I take a chance of swiping my credit card to attempt to watch tv? The flight was delayed from MCI to DEN due to the plane setting overnight and frost had built up on the wings. Well, if you know it's 20 degrees outside and you have a 6am flight, would you not de-ice the plane before everyone boards to prevent delays? I almost missed my flight change from DEN to PDX because the flight was delayed due to frost. When I complained at PDX on my return part of the trip, I was told \"sorry, maybe it'll be better next time\" - seriously \"maybe\" was their best answer. If they would have said, I will let my supervisor know, or what can we do to make things better, would you like to file a complaint, etc would have been much better than, \"maybe\". What happened to Customer Service, or we value you as a customer?"
"United Airlines has become my least favorite airline to fly. This trip did not exceed my low expectations. The first leg of the trip was cancelled because of \"crew issues.\" I appreciate the ticket agent being able to re-route me via AA to DFW and then to Denver and then to my city in Montana. But on each leg of the trip, the United sardine can was the same as it always has been: uncomfortable seats placed too close together accompanied by minimal service."
"Honolulu to San Francisco on United Airlines. What a disaster - after a dated useless lounge and staff, the aircraft was delayed 6 hours, only to board a dated poorly equipped Boeing 757. The first class seats (1A) are extremely uncomfortable. No entertainment system, they claim Wi-Fi that never worked. Horrible food accompanied by non-existent service. One of the worst flight experiences I have ever had."
"Unacceptable customer care. My elderly parents missed their connecting flight in Chicago. United Airlines cancelled next flight that goes to the destination. My parents had to wait till next day afternoon to catch a flight. United Airlines didn't have courtesy to offer a decent hotel for these elderly folks to stay overnight. I would not recommend this airline to anyone."
"My 90 year old father flying United Express out of Houston to Jackson had his tickets marked needing assistance due to lack of mobility and being in a wheelchair. He had Air Serv attending him, but after asking about boarding 4 times he was left at the gate. This almost happened the year before but I as his son was at the gate and finally got the United agents to board him when they were just about to close the door. In reporting this I telephoned United and finally got someone on the phone. They said I would have to talk to a CRO at the airport. I talked to 3 people at the airport terminal and they said I would have to talk to the CRO at the gate. I got to the gate and could not determine who was a CRO. I went to the gate (Terminal B gates 1-11) to ask the security United agent if this was the right gate. She tried to answer, but with a large amount of food in her mouth could not speak and was spitting it everywhere. Really good way for personnel to be. I finally got my father on the plane and went to the Customer Service Counter. Told I had to do things online as they management will not talk over the phone. One agent did say on the sly to contact the Federal agency over airlines for help. Another agent on the sly said they just don't have enough people working to help the volume of customers they have. It seems the staff working recognize the problems, but the airlines does not. If I had a better choice I would never fly United again and I have flown them back as far as the Continental days when they were a real service oriented airlines. If you have elderly I would suggest going to the gate with them. I will never allow my 90 year old father to go alone or anyone else young, old or need special care as United and AirServ do not care about the people they are working for."
"United Airlines from Chicago to San Francisco. Departed on time. Ample leg room in economy plus, even though one has to pay for it. Came through the cabin once to offer drinks / eats. FA's projected an image of not wanting to be on the flight. Same attitude on one of the last flights I had on United years ago. No change. Certainly nothing remarkable except we arrived on time and safe."
"Purchased tickets well in advance for a trip to Hawaii from Chicago. Upgraded tickets to First Class knowing that special perks are included (free luggage, etc). Over the months, United Airlines sent me a number of schedule changes and most were not an issues. However, the return flight from OGG to ORD via HNL has become a problem not only because they kept moving the time earlier and earlier (remember, I'm on vacation in Hawaii), but put us on Island Air which only offers economy class and charge for baggage ($80.00 for our 4 bags). This is unacceptable and in my opinion, quite unfair. I called UA's customer service and am so disappointed with the level of customer service or lack of that I received. The agent was difficult to understand due to her heavy accent and was in some ways, quite rude. Take or leave it attitude. Although she offered to move our flight to a different connection through LAX, she stated we would have to pay the difference since we upgraded to first class. How is this right? She told me that she couldn't do anything and when I explained that I have a 3.5 hour layover and that I would have to pay for bags, she didn't have any solutions for me. Rather she argued with me, told me she would talk to a supervisor, put me on hold only to come back and say that it was going to a considerable hold since her supervisor wasn't available and then continued to state she would be happy to cancel my flight altogether and refund me, but I would lose my upgrade that I used. Then she tells me that my husband's status means that we get one bag each checked free. I inquired how does this help me if I'm flying a different airline? She had no answer and again offered to cancel my tickets for a refund. How is this a solution? Her last solution was to call Island Air. Honestly, United Airlines used to be such a great airline - what has happened? Where did customer service go? What benefits do you get anymore for being loyal to an airline and actually paying to maintain a higher status (silver)? We are so disappointed. And I know that there is a very high chance that my comments will be ignored, as they have in the past when I have participated in surveys and given very honest answers with no care or response from United Airlines. I hope that this time is different."
"Offered a cheap upgrade to United Airlines first class. On time departure, seats were comfortable. On board service not remarkable. Offered a drink before the meal. Meal was served with water, but the FA never asked if there was anything else that was required - throughout the whole flight. I had hoped for better, but as I figured, it is the same old uncaring and poor overall service. Now I know why it was a cheap upgrade to First Class. Stay with American or Delta. They actually treat one as they should!"
"United Airlines is the worst airline to limit upgrade. I had four years in a row to have so call Global Upgrade Coupon and have never had the chance to use it. They said my booking on \"P\" class of Business Class. It is really bad. I had spent similar amount of $$$$ to purchase the Business class in other airlines, such as American Airlines and Eva Air. I always can get the upgrade while I use their upgrade coupon, such as American Airlines' Systems wide upgrade and Eva Air Upgrade coupons. I just had a trip on American Airlines and got upgraded while there is seat available with my systems upgrade coupon. United Airlines is not only limited certain class to use global upgrade, but also they charge big amount of money while they allow you to upgrade. The service attitude from their cabin staff in general are sometimes quite rude and not so friendly. I was not so happy with this neither. United is the worst airlines ever in the world on such upgrade programs. I am considering to drop off United Airlines in 2016 and on."
"United airlines is by far the most insensitive airline I have ever taken. I have a service animal and requested a window seat months ago to which they said none were available after guaranteeing me the seat when I first booked my flight. Besides this, the process for taking a service dog on their airline is so complex and takes 48 hours to process I almost was unable to assure my service animal could accompany me. By paying for a flight I got nothing but greif and felt shamed by customer service for having a service animal. If anyone from United airlines actually reads this please know I will never be taking one of your aircraft ever again."
"My wife and I booked flights from Dulles Airport to Addis Ababa via Frankfort and then returning through Paris with a layover of 6 days in Paris. The incompetence of United Airlines was evident from the outset - although we made our reservations at the same time to travel together, my wife and I were given separate confirmation numbers, which complicated any later transactions. We were told that our travel included 2 bags each with no charge, but we were charged for our second bags on each leg of the journey. Our flight from Addis Ababa to Paris was on the night of November 13, the night of the terrorist attacks in Paris. We attempted to change our date of flight to Paris, which was on United's partner Ethiopian Airlines. After 5 hours with a person in the US talking to United and a person in Ethiopia talking to Ethiopian Airlines, and after being told by each that any change had to be made through the other, we gave up on trying to make the change and instead purchased new tickets that ultimately brought us back through Frankfurt rather than Paris. United Airlines refused to refund the unused portion of our original tickets and even though we paid in full for the unused tickets, we cannot even get the miles added to our mileage plus accounts. In short, United Airlines has taken our money, was able to sell the seats again if there was a demand, and won't even award miles for the thousands we paid for the unused tickets. Even the email response to my refund request demonstrated the incompetence of United's employees, telling me \"Upon our investigation, the partially used ticket does not eligible to our Exception Policy; therefore, we are unable to refund.\" Really? Even a form email cannot be stated in correct English? United Airlines has earned its poor rating as an airline and travelers should avoid it if at all possible."
"United Airlines from Geneva to Newark. This was the most disappointing flight in a while. While it was not possible to check in at our starting airport we only got our boarding passes prior before boarding (and gladly could sit together, because I could not make a seat reservation - well I did and then I saw after one week that suddenly my seat was a \"preferred seat\" (23A) while my friend's (23B) was not, so I was booked on 29C. Strange. The aircraft: well, if you can sleep during a flight and don't care about the inflight entertainment, you're fine. The monitor was so small and you could see so many pixels and in addition you could switch channels. But you could not stop your movie, so when you left your seat you missed part of your movie. All in all, it was so 1990's that I was looking for my Walkman instead of smartphone. The service was good though, nice staff. Food was good too."
"I have traveled all my life and United Airlines has continuously provided the rudest service people in the business. I was on a business flight from Tokyo to Chicago and we had a large number of US Marines coming from Guam to the US. The flight attendants over-served these men alcohol and didn't care if they were under age or not. They eventually became rowdy and then set up a gauntlet along the route to the bathrooms on the port side aft and were harassing women going to use the facility including using foul language and sexually explicit comments. I complained to one of the senior flight attendants and was met with hostility that I would say anything against the US Military and these (young men who she said were not doing anything wrong). I considered taping the event with my phone, but decided that if the people being harassed by drunk service men were not going to complain, then why should I. As I exited the aircraft after arrival in Chicago and was insulted with off the cuff comments by the attendant I complained to and her coworker. In Chicago, I had been denied early boarding even though I had a disability placard and was told by a really nasty desk attendant that prevented me from boarding that \"Anyone can get one of those anywhere\". I have always been treated horribly by service personnel at United especially in Chicago and all I have ever gotten with a million travel miles to my experience is a rude attitude from United. I pay more to avoid United Airlines. I note in the feedback here that this must be common and I guess that the management is just like these employees."
"Nashville to Tegucigalpa via Houston. Positive: me and my bags arrived safely to our destination. Negative: charge for snacks, charge for in flight movies (featuring arguably the worst movie of all time: Fantastic 4. They delayed our flight 30 minutes, then 1 hour, then 1.5 hours to change out a 9 volt battery in the bathroom smoke detector and didn't let us off the flight so we could give our patronage to a decent company like Cinnabon. Instead, they make us sit on their plane allowing time for everyone to get a little hungrier, so they can extort another $4 from us for a bag of peanuts. And on top of it all, they had to file paperwork for the stupid battery before the flight could take off."
"The seat space is so small I could not pull down the meal tray, which probably didn't matter much since United does not provide a meal on a 9 hour flight from Chicago to Honolulu - not even a bag of peanuts - everything is pay as you go. I have never had a good experience with them, but they have many routes locked up these days. I would avoid them at all costs. Also, it used to be if you had a Chase Mileage Plus card you did not have to pay for the first bag - not any more - you have to have the Explorere Card."
"I'm an American living in London. I travel often to the US to visit family. The last two times (the only times) I've used United Airlines over BA, I've regretted it. Both times, the plane was severely delayed. 1st time was delayed to the next morning and the second time 4.5 hours due to mechanical failure. Both flights were also overbooked and both flights had poor service with no smile. Never again."
"United Airlines is the by far the most disorganized flight service I have ever been on. The first flight when I needed to come back to a military base, they booted me off my flight. When I went to the new flight that I was supposed to be on they tried to tell me my ticket was no good and tried to boot me off again. It took me pulling specific paper work from the military to get onto the flight. Now for my flight tomorrow, I had booked a reservation probably 5 months in advance. However, once again they somehow didn't have my reservation. When I called the airline sent me to a automatic robot thing that was no help at all. It wasn't until the supervisor actually went in and reinstalled my reservation. I'm sorry but I don't think you can just hit delete on a reservation that has been made 5 months in advance. United airlines is the most frustrating and disorganized joke of an airline and unless I am planning to use my ticket voucher, I plan to stay as far away as possible from this airline."
"Mexico City to Melbourne via Houston and LAX. Worst airline I have ever flown and I am not the type to leave negative reviews. Firstly our flight from Melbourne to LAX boarded on time but then we sat on the tarmac for 4 hours due to 'computer failures'. Finally we took off, and an enormous amount of water poured through the aircraft ceiling and landed on a passenger near me, soaking her completely. We missed our connection from LA to Mexico City and were put on another flight. On the way home things really got bad. We had booked a flight from Mexico City to Melbourne with one connection in LA. We received an email from United saying they had changed our itinerary to Mexico City - Houston - LA - Melbourne, with no explanation. There were also very short transfer times in each airport. Of course, we missed our connection in Houston (where we were also instructed by United to pick up our bags and recheck them, which was ridiculous given the timeframe), and then were put onto another flight from Houston to LA, which gave us 20 minutes in LA to make our flight to Melbourne or else we would be stuck there for another day. When we asked if we would be provided with a hotel, we were told \"Sorry, none of this is our fault\". We rushed and somehow made the flight to Melbourne in 20 minutes, which was incredibly stressful. Arrived home thinking it was all over, and they had lost one of our bags. Worst customer service given the repeated inconveniences."
"Anchorage to Taipei via Denver and Tokyo returning to SFO. This itinerary was a comedic failure of customer service on United's part. While confirming flight status with a United Rep in the Philippines the rep was constantly mixing up past, present, and future tense. I was not going to get off the phone until I understood my itinerary changes. Frustrated, she screamed at me for not understanding and disconnected the call. On the return flight from Osaka to San Fransisco an elderly lady next to me couldn't use her in-flight entertainment and it was stuck on a program she found disturbing (it is fixed into the seatback). She was ignored by flight staff repeatedly and I had to assist her for the duration of the flight. The cabin crew pointed at my tattoo and asked if it was Jewish (it's not, but who asks something like that). A glass bottle of whiskey broke in my bag and it was returned to me at SFO in a clear garbage bag with a booze puddle at the bottom. The staff didn't help, but just said \"We aren't responsible for this\" and set it at my feet and walked away. No napkin. No \"Hey I know this stinks but here is a trash can where you can pick the broken glass out of your clothes.\" No, \"We can't take responsibiliy for the breakage but we are really sorry this happened.\" Just \"Here\" I boarded my next flight the following day in whiskey-soaked clothes. Anchorage to Denver, I mistakenly sit on the wrong side of the isle boarding and the stewardess told me \"Remember, just like elementary school, A, B, C, D\" which is an inappropriate way to talk to an adult. Overall customer service was careless at best, actively rude at worst. I will not put any more miles into their frequent flyer program and have cancelled my credit card."
"I flew from San Diego to Chicago to fly to Buffalo. First, they cancelled my flight to Buffalo. I reached Chicago at 4am. They gave me the next flight at 10:47 so I waited for 7 hours. Then everything started after. They kept changing the time for departures for 7 times, adding 15 minutes each time. And that woman at the desk. - kept saying thanks for your patience. I will never fly this airline again."
"I called United to book a one way flight from LA to Dallas, but the person I spoke with could not speak English very well. After repeating, again and again the date of travel, this person finally managed to check the schedules and found a morning flight. I listened carefully, without interruption, to the flight times and flight numbers. United's agent said, \"OK, sir, I have you booked on flight XXX from LA to NY to Dallas. Can I have your credit card information please? I thought it strange that a United flight would travel across the USA to NY, turn aound and then fly to Dallas. I asked the agent if there was a more direct flight available and he replied, \"No.\" I then said to the agent, \"Why is it necessary to fly first to NY and then to Dallas.\" The agent replied, \"Sir, this is our schedule. A short lay over in NY and then to Dallas International.\" Dallas International? I lived in Dallas for many years, and always knew the airport as DFW/Dallas Ft. Worth. Are you talking about Dulles International (not Dallas) in Washington, DC? The United agent replied, \"Yes sir, of course.\" I said, \"No thanks,\" and hung up the phone. I was seconds away from giving this United agent my credit card information for an incorrect flight because of his inability to understand English. Last week I again telephoned United and was again connected to an agent with less than perfect English speaking ability. I hung up the phone. When I spend hundreds of dollars, if not thousands, on a particular product I become more cautious. And when I have trouble communicating with a vendor about such products because of a language issue, then I become wary and concerned that my questions and/or instructions will be either misunderstood or ignored. Find another vendor. United needs to understand that it's employees become their public image. And employees that cannot communicate properly will give the public a bad impression of United. United apparently does not understand that poor communication means poor customer service. And poor customer service always means a loss of business. Another issue is trust. It is my choice where to spend money, and with whom to travel."
"I must be insane. I keep giving United Airlines a chance, expecting its service and commitment to getting a flight to take off on time right. And it is always the same. Incoming flight late for some undisclosed reason, various mechanical failure like light out, toilets not working, etc. Been the same poor customer service the past 10 years. United is a joke and not a funny one. How about a 2% refund for every 10 minutes the flight is delayed."
"I originally flew out of Portland International Airport to Denver. The flight attendants coming from PDX were great, very friendly, courteous and respectful of all those flying. However I had a connecting flight from Denver to St. Louis, that was delayed by 2 hours due to maintenence issues. That's fine I know things like this happen and am always prepared! However the boarding attendant in Denver told everyone over speaker that they had been dealing with the issue for 3 days. My question is if you have had a broken down plane for 3 days don't you think you would consider finding an alternative solution to this problem prior to your booked flight checking in? So we get on the plane, fine we had a bit of delay still not angry except for the attendants with nasty attitudes! The only person that was halfway decent on this flight was the lady handing out the snacks! I was rudely asked to put my clutch under my seat that was safely strapped around my body with my personal contents inside (it's smaller than an ipad) that I wasn't asked to \"stow away\" on my previous flight. And an elderly man was refused the bathroom after we had been sitting at the St Louis airport for 10 minutes and had another 20 to wait because even though our flight was delayed 2 hours they still weren't ready for us to land which is crazy to me to think, you would think you would get more on top of it United. I guess in the end you get what you pay for."
"United doesn't get it. I can't watch a movie on the 2\"x3\" screen of my smartphone and I certainly can't carry any more stuff on the plane and have no intention of buying a \"tablet\". So bad food, no magazines to read, no newspapers and as of a year ago no way to watch movies. No wonder people hate to travel especially on United Airlines. Do other airlines still have seat back screens or at least TV's over the aisle?"
"The second time I have flown Denver to Kansas City route with United Airlines, and the second time the flight has been delayed. So far delayed 35 minutes but I fully expect this co be extended as it was last time. I have flown United Airlines reluctantly 9 times over the past 3 years when my usual carrier cannot meet my schedule, and 7 of the flights have had an issue that lead to delays."
"Tampa to San Diego via Houston. United continues to be very slow in upgrading their fleet and providing adequate wifi and entertainment options. When you express dissatisfaction they provide you with an electronic travel certificate. These are difficult keep track of, United does not make any ore in your account that you have these credits, and also difficult to use. I requested to find out what percentage of these travel certificates are actually redeemed and the airline informed me they do not share this information with the public or their customers. United Airlines is not trustworthy and I advise anyone considering flying to fly another airline until United Airlines demonstrates a genuine desire to be transparent and honest with their customers."
"Frankfurt to San Francisco on United Airlines Boeing 747-400, and the economy class seats are horrible. The airplane was very outdated, uncomfortable, dirty, there is no seatback entertainment, seats are narrow, and food is not enough and of low quality. All in all, an extremely bad experience that people has to suffer for more than 11 hours of flight, an absolute nightmare. I will try to avoid United Airlines when booking my next flights."
"Chicago to Paris CDG with United Airlines. Because of maintenance issues with aircraft, we had to turn and go back to Chicago about four hours into the flight. When we got back to Chicago, they were able to provide hotel accommodation but rescheduled the flight for 8:00 a.m. which was quite irritating as we didn't arrive in Chicago until past midnight. To make matters worse, when I arrived at about 6:30 the next morning for flight, apparently would not be leaving until 5:00 p.m. because that was in fact earliest we could leave due to the open hours schedule of French border control. Is United Airlines seriously that inexperienced with international flights that they wouldn't have known this when rescheduling a flight, or at least would been able to check the aircraft properly before leaving Chicago the first time? They will definitely be my last choice in future international flights."
"I had a lot of United frequent flyer mileage I had to burn off, and our 4 trips on United were absolute nightmares. Will never ever fly United again. I could spend 3 hours writing what happened on each flight. This is about our April 2015 trip to Maui. We pulled away from the gate at LAX (Los Angeles and headed down the runway.) The pilot then pulled the plane off the runway. He came on the loud speaker and said he thought the plane was too heavy. We were seconds from takeoff. Pilot said it would take 20 minutes for United to calculate the weight of the cargo and passengers. The plane sat there was no air conditioning and it was 90F on board. Every 30 minutes the pilot came on the loudspeaker and said United was still calculating the weight. Our plane was huge and there was 2 toilets on the entire plane. 14 or more people in line for the 2 toilets the entire time on the runway and in the air. The passengers demanded that the plane return to the terminal due to the heat on the plane and lack of food. We were on the runway now 1 hour 45 minutes. Passengers told the crew that we were going to call CNN and report this. Surprisingly the pilot did. 2 passengers got kicked off and I think one small box in cargo was taken off. We left LAX 2 hours late. No food on board. Total flight time to Maui was 8 hours instead of 5 hours and no food, but they sold box of crackers for $11."
"Missed my connection home due to mechanical issues of the plane. United Airlines didn't have another flight until afternoon the next day. Unfortunately I had to be home by noon. They didn't offer a hotel either. I rented a car to drive home that late night/ morning. I was told to submit my receipt for reimbursement. United decided not to reimburse the rental but sent me a travel certificate. Just a way to make me purchase another ticket from them. In the end, they didn't give a damn. They screwed up, I paid the price. They will continue to screw up until there's a real impact to their bottom line. Therefore, I'll do my part and not use them again."
"United Airlines is competing with low-cost airlines and it shows. Only the service is worse. I booked my trip on Air Canada. It was a code share flight operated by United. I wanted to switch to a morning flight and had been told to speak to the ground crew to do that. The United staff would not let me change the flight, saying it was their ticket, and added that the code sharing was just a marketing trick, and \"why would we do anything like\" changing your ticket. Fortunately, the Air Canada ground crew was more reasonable, and booked me on the (half-empty) morning flight on Air Canada. More than their incompetence (obviously it could be done since the AC rep did it for me), the United reps' rudeness was bizarre. I cancelled my United credit card today. The first leg of my trip was on United. That was the last time I fly on that airline."
"Melbourne to New York via Los Angeles return with United Airlines. Seats very uncomfortable. Staff very rude and seemed to have little first aid training. We flew on 4 flights during which there were 3 medical emergencies. My daughter is a nurse and attended to passengers on each occasion. Staff had little first aid training, supplies were minimal, equipment were faulty. The food was disgusting and there was a lack of it for a long international flight. Return flight to Melbourne flight was overbooked, we could not sit together. I would never fly this airline again."
"Newark to Toronto. United Airlines / Orbitz left me and kids (9 year old and 5 year old) stranded in Newark New Jersey. We didn't make our event which was planned 6 months in advance. We flew United Airlines from John Wayne Airport, no problem. On our second leg of the trip from Newark to Pearson, we didn't exist in United Airlines flight plan nor Orbitz. United Airlines blamed Orbitz, Orbitz blamed United Airlines. United Airlines say they will happily re-book and the only available flight was the next evening. Didn't offer hotel or food voucher for me and my kids - they say it's not their fault. On our flight back to John Wayne, United Airlines again didn't have me and my kids on their flight plan. They put me and my kids in place of some other poor folks who will probably write some bad reviews also. I will never used United Airlines again and will discourage anyone from using them."
"I arrive at Allentown and was told by United Airlines that they would have to reroute my flight to Chicago. Once at Chicago we landed terminal F1 but had to run to C21. Running through the airport I injured my knee but kept on going to make my flight. Got to the gate the plane was there but would not let me on. Told me I would be able to get out the next day at 8:50 am. Asked for a supervisor and when he got there was extremely rude. I told him I would not stay the night and find me another flight. He did on American Airlines. Got into Orlando 2 hrs late. Flight home was just as bad. Get into Newark for connecting flight and was told I would be taking a bus by ground to Allentown. Almost a 2 hr bus ride cramped in a small bus once again not acceptable. I contacted United and have not heard back from them. Will never fly United Airlines again."
"Flew Denver to Dubai via Washington and return. Overall typical mixed United Airlines experience. Domestic segments okay with decent crew in first. Longhaul flights very typical United experience. Crew ancient and very perfunctory - just did their job nothing more and disappeared for whole flight in between meals. No smiles, no nothing. Food mediocre at best, slightly better out of Dubai. Lie Flat seats decent except the 2-4-2 seat layout is an abomination. Glad I didn't get stuck in middle for USD7K ticket. Not sure who came up with that layout but should probably be fired. Entertainment system was the only redeeming factor on this flight with excellent choice. Overall an okay experience but not even close to Emirates or even Lufthansa or Air France."
"Omaha to Orlando via Chicago, and United Airlines customer service is by far the worst in the industry. The staff is cold and not interested in customer service. Leg room in the cabin has got to be the smallest. United Airlines used to be a great company but continues to decline year over year. Will do everything I can to avoid using them in the future. Doubt they will do well when gas prices increase in the future."
"First time I flew with United Airlines. I wasn't very happy that I was charged for my bags and wasn't allowed not even one bag free. I was forced to pay for my bag. This is unacceptable, because that same day I flew there were other United Airlines flights that were going out and I noticed that the other passengers from the other flights, were not being charged for luggage. I feel that the customers should be made aware of that you have need to pay for luggage. This is the last time I fly with United Airlines."
"Melbourne to Los Angeles to Chicago, returning from Boston. We thought the extra money for Premium Economy worth it for the International leg. Not only is there extra legroom but there were many spare seats. So a bit of moving around enabled plenty of cabin space for these long flights. Domestic flights are an entirely different matter. On all our legs United Airlines oversold tickets to ensure every seat was taken. Their loading policy is bizaar. We were always last on (group 5) because we had asked for aisle seats. On any other airline this would probably not matter but because United does not enforce its own carry on luggage rules, the last 50 or so passengers on all the internal legs we flew, had to at the last minute submit to having their carry on luggage removed and sent under plane. This is maybe not a big deal on a short 5 hour flight but our carry on was taken off us as we came down the loading trunk and booked through to Melbourne, two whole days away. Scrabbling to get out medications etc in the unheated trunk in the freezing air of Boston Airport is no fun. (I'm 67) so difficult to get down to get stuff out let alone remember all the things you may need on such a long journey. So shame on United, I'd paid as much as anyone in Economy and some had carry on whilst arbitrarily others did not and for such a long journey. They treat customers with absolute contempt and do not deliver what you have paid for."
"Washington to Phoenix. Embarrassing is the first word that comes to my mind for United Airlines. For a flight of 5 hours, a Boeing 737 with narrow pitch in economy. Food is with a charge (at the beginning I thought it was a joke), not even peanuts (for a 5 hour flight). No video or audio systems or screens with flight routes/flight information. Boarding with \"groups\" system, but non effective and useless, as if you use groups, you should board the bottom passengers first to avoid \"traffic jams\", if you do random groups, it just a waste of time. In Europe we have a low-cost airline called Ryanair, which is considered mostly like a bus carrier, but compared to United Airlines it is like Swiss. And this should be a Star Alliance company? Never again."
"First Class, Seat 4-D with United Airlines, comfortable seat, middle solo row, AVOD screen nice size and good selection of movies and programming. Aircraft was clean however my game controller was jammed and did not work, could not be repaired in flight. Good on time performance. Before departure first class flight attendants eating while boarding process. No service until almost 60 minutes into flight. The meal served, Dim-Sum was the worst I have ever had, dry and tasteless. Flying United is always a gamble and the service by the cabin crew was extremely poor and not attentive."
"I just tried to make a reservation with United Airlines. It has been years since I have flown with them because they were so awful then. It appears they have muscled out JetBlue and Virgin for this direct route. And they know we have little alternative to flying with them. I tried to make two reservations. They say on the website to call to request certain things. I called. I stated my request. They said please hold - then they put me on hold for 37 minutes. When another person picked up there was no apology or explanation and I was told there was a form I had to fill out and send in for disability related issues. She acted indignant that I didn't have my personal medical info \"on file\" with them. Please God give us a different airline to fly."
"After having flown on United Airlines 4 times, I can honestly say I hope I never have to use them again. The co-pilot was late for 2 of the flights which caused us to be late for our connecting flight. Almost missed my plane home - I made it, but sadly my baggage did not. As I was waiting for my bag to arrive last night at the baggage claim, I finally grab it only to notice that the carry strap at the top is missing. It had hooks on it to secure it to the bag and it has endured flights before, just not this one! Someone must have needed the strap more than me. As I picked up the bag and headed for the claims office, I find the bag is covered in grease which now has gotten on me...The claims woman's response to my question of \"what are you going to do about this?\" was answered with \"I don't know\". They said I could bring the bag back up, a 50 mile one way trip for me, to have them send it out for cleaning. All I can say is don't fly with this airline - if you can avoid them, do it."
"Pittsburgh to Colorado Springs via Denver. Substandard service all around and it pains me to write this since I have Premier status with United Airlines. However, it's clear that there is a problem at the top because everyone associated with United, whether it's an attendant, customer service representative, or whomever appears apathetic and frequently rude toward their customers. And as a Premier member I can only assume that non-Premier members get even worse treatment. The service on the flights is inconsistent. The cabins are frequently dirty with used napkins on the floor or in the seatback pockets. It's really unfortunate and I'm looking for alternatives."
"My carry-on bag fit easily into the overhead bin on the United Airlines Boeing 737 from Mexico City to San Francisco. After clearing U.S. immigration and customs in San Francisco, I was forced to then check my bag and pay $40 in San Francisco for my next flight to Portland."
"London to San Francisco return. We have flown with United Airlines several times, but I think they are giving a poorer service now than they have ever done. The food on our return flight was terrible, and most passengers did not eat it. The cabin staff, especially the female staff, were scruffy in appearance and not very helpful."
"I used to love Continental, the service was consistently above average and the flight experience was satisfactory, if not enjoyable. Since the merger with United I feel the benefits have been reduced, the services have been cut or monetized. This has created a tough environment for your employees to maintain good service. That being said, I was very impressed by the agent at the gate during boarding. Our flight was overbooked and my 8 year old son and I were seated in different rows. With no incentives to give to other passengers she found a way to get us seated together. Once aboard I was surprised to find that the flight did not include any type of in-flight entertainment, no screens and no audio. I gladly purchased it on the 5+ hr flight from EWR to PHX, but this was not even an option on the return. I was also surprised that there was NO safety demonstration given on the flight, which is definitely unsafe and possibly in violation of FAA rules. Lastly, the variety and quality of food available for purchase was poor. After flying over 250,000 miles with Continental/United, when possible I now actively avoid and will pay higher fares to select other airlines that offer better service."
"I had flown in from Amsterdam on KLM and I was connecting on a United Airlines flight into Chicago in the early afternoon around 5pm. I had plenty of time clearing both customs and enjoying the AC Maple Leaf lounge at Pearson but the United personnel at check-in failed to explain that after checking in on my UA flight I had to check the bags myself prior clearing US customs - so my bag remained in the departure area for some 4 hours without having anyone page me! 40 minutes before departure the person at the gate called my name and asked me to go back to departure to check my bag. It's useless to mention that I rushed downstairs, found my bag, missed my plane and had to clear both customs again with thousands of people waiting in line. There is something wrong with United Airlines! Why don't they tell passengers that they have to check their own bags prior clearing customs? I had a business class ticket and of course the 7:15pm flight only had economy - at least I made it to Chicago that same day but not one word of apology for misleading me or even, check my bag so that I won't miss my flight. I will not fly United Airlines again."
"Los Angeles to Melbourne with United Airlines in BusinessFirst on the new Boeing 787, which is a great aircraft. The exceptionally poor service by the cabin crew made the trip memorable for all the wrong reasons. The whole experience started on a rather odd note, when boarding the flight I was asked if I had a visa for Australia. I thought it was a rather unusual question given that I was traveling on an Australian passport. And when I attempted to explain that I don't need a visa to go home, she continued to argue that I need to present one. And it all went downhill from there. When I finally boarded the plane and I was offered a drink, I politely asked if I could have a glass of water without ice. I was thirsty as I just raced through LAX to make my connecting flight home. And I could not believe my ears when the crew member responded with the question 'What's wrong with you?' Now I know why United has such a poor reputation. It's such a shame though as their planes are on par with other airlines. Just can't get the service right."
"I found myself on a United flight bak to London by accident recently after British Airways had to change aircraft from an A380 to a B747 which meant they had to re-book quite a few passengers onto alternative flights. I must say when I heard I was going back on United I was pretty disappointed as I've always thought of them to have a pretty mediocre reputation. However, I think that mainly applies to their domestic US operations. Perhaps because my expectations were low, I was pleasantly surprised. I think I ended up in United's Premium Economy, Economy Plus. The main selling point here being the extra leg room, which I have to say was pretty ample for economy class. The staff both on the ground and in the air were excellent, very friendly and professional. The inflight entertainment was so-so, but comparable in many ways to that of British Airways on my flight out. There was very little choice in the way of films and TV shows.Many of the TV shows only seemed to have one or two random episodes available to watch.The screen was pretty small though and it was really tricky to select the required item on the touch screen. The cursor kept on hovering over the wrong item. Although annoying, on a 7hr flight it did the job. The food was pretty mediocre I have to say - like a deeply budget ready meal. I know airline food is never going to be that great, but compared to other long haul flights i've taken recently with the likes of Cathay Pacific and even BA, it was pretty bad. Also, the wine on offer was from a juice carton which was ominous - it tasted like it was from a juice carton too. Not sure they'd be my first choice in the future, but not as bad as I was expecting. For the 7hr journey across the atlantic it did the job."
"Terrible customer service, and they really just want to find any possible way to take your money. I had to switch a flight for work for personal reasons, and got charged a $200 service fee plus some other $35 fee that seemed inexplicable. I got the $35 taken off, but the $200 service fee for changing the flight is outrageous. I usually prefer to fly Southwest when I can and I have never had much of an issue with United Airlines before, but I definitely will be looking at them through a different lens now."
"Worst airplane for long United Airlines flight and Horribly cramped. The plane is designed to cram in as many passengers as possible regardless of comfort and convenience. There are only 2 lavatories and the doors swing into the aisle. Absolutely stupid design. People are backed up in the aisles and the crew is impeded from serving. The crew detests this aircraft too as they can't do their jobs. Also there is very little leg room. My husbands knees were hitting the seat in front. There is no pouch to put your book or newspaper in. All end up on your lap or the floor. I will avoid this type of plane in the future."
"I booked a United Airlines flight for me and my boyfriend in April 2015 for a trip to Taiwan in October 2015. We chose United in order to connect in San Francisco with my brother. I had more issues with this flight than I have ever had in my life of flying internationally. A month before our trip, our connecting flight from SFO to LAX was cancelled, and we were rebooked for a layover that was twice as long (3 hrs). 8 hours before our flight to SFO, we received an email at 1AM that our flight had been cancelled. Upon calling customer service and asking why it was such a short notice and why we weren't called, only emailed, I was yelled at because \"we were notified, weren't we?\" Luckily I woke up in the middle of the night so we managed to rebook a flight for an hour earlier. An hour before our rebooked flight, it is announced that the flight has been delayed for 5 hours, so we miss our connecting flight with my brother, and we end up waiting at the airport for 5 hours and connecting in Tokyo instead of SFO. On the flight, my inflight entertainment console broke and was stuck on \"Disney movies\" before we even took off. For our trip home, our seats were changed from an aisle and a middle seat to two middle seats without notice. I have never been so frustrated flying with an airline and am extremely upset that we booked so far in advance in order to fly with my brother and land at the same time, and we could not make that happen. 0/10, never flying United again."
"I was never so angry and heated in my life. First of all United Airlines had me sit there from 11 am and kept delaying even though the weather was fine in both locations. Then they told us that they were waiting for the crew - then leaving - and then by 4 they just canceled my flight home. I had to wait in line for 2 hours even though I was the 5th person in line, because 3 ladies were helping only one person at the time and the 3 ladies were rude to customers. I was put on standby but luckily found another flight to get home. When on that flight the flight attendant told me that there was another flight to Buffalo canceled due to the same reason of not having enough staff. Really United? How do you not figure this out in advanced! Very disappointed, better off spending the money and going on a different aircraft."
"Having only flown United Airlines a few times on this route I never really took notice of the service provided. However this time it occurred to me that United Airlines are in a time warp that goes back to the late 80's. Their inflight customer service, food and entertainment are so poor that they lag behind other airlines by years. Wake up United, get into the real time and update."
"I have been saving up my airline miles for the last two years to use on a trip for my husband and I. I thought I had plenty of miles to get us two tickets. We weren't even going across country, staying on the same coast. They took 35k miles + $86 for just one ticket. And the only options in seats you get are all the way in the back, unless you want to pay extra to \"upgrade\" on an old uncomfortable aircraft. And don't forget I pay a $95 annual fee! What's the point of being a club member again? United Airlines program is less than satisfactory. It's misleading and I feel like I got scammed. The worst program I've ever used. I think I'll go back to Alaska Airlines."
"I print my boarding passes to find out they changed my flight departure with a 30 min connecting time from a 50min initially! No notice, nothing - just changed it. I spent then another hour on the phone to switch it to a different time only to be told \"oh 30mins is a decent time to catch it\". Had to tell her while booking the flight it said the flight was overbooked. By the time I run to the connecting flight I will have no seats. Finally I convince her to switch it. I had initially booked a window seat. Told her specifically to book the window seat again. She agrees, and I get the email only to see its the middle seat. I asked again is this the window seat and she said yes. Went online to double check it, she did give me the middle seat. Then tells me there are no seat available! This is not the first time. This is the final straw!"
"Horrible choice for passengers with disabilities. I called to ask what their procedures were for requesting a pre-board, and after 45 minutes of being routed from place to place and being asked to provide unrelated information, I was told that I would need to prove my condition before my question could be answered. I spent nearly $600 to change my flight to another airline and will not fly United again."
"Singapore to Washington Dulles via Tokyo. United Airlines has a weird system that messes up upgrade request. I was waitlisted for the business upgrade but at the time of check in, I was told that I was not even on the list. No one could explain as to how my name disappeared from the list. This has happened to me the third time. Very frustrating, especially when you book in advance to be on top of the wait list. At the time of check in again I was manually included in the list which put me as the last one on the list. Crazy. I am very disappointed with United."
"Absolutely horrible service. My original booking was changed by United Airlines after I had paid - they changed the times. I called to see if I could get on an earlier flight, as I needed to be there before a certain time window. The woman on the phone was pleasant and polite but she kept putting me on hold and the whole process took over 1.5 hours. After confirming flight numbers and times, she sent me an email confirmation. I reviewed it after we had hung up and she scheduled the wrong day. I immediately called back and now they can't fix it back to the original or to the correct day without charging me. Are you kidding me. I do not recommend United Airlines at all."
"I had to be in Cincinnati for a business meeting g at 5.00. I left Portland, Oregon at 6.00am. Arrived in Houston at 11:45. The flight from Houston was delayed by two hours. I missed my meeting. No one at United Airlines knew what was going on, the agents were rude, numerous gate changes. I will never fly United again if I can help it but these airline monopolies are a real problem. United has really gone downhill."
"I applaud United Airlines for attempting to only allow passengers with 2 pieces of carry-ons. However the customer service in regards to only allowing 2 pieces of carry-ons needs to be improved. Flight out of Seattle to Cincinnati via Houston had rude customer service at the boarding gate. If everyone is allowed 2 pieces of luggage to carry on, then the service on the plane also needs to follow and hold the passengers accountable, ie. one piece of luggage on top while the second piece must go underneath the seat. Just because I do not pay the extra to fly first class, does not mean my luggage is less important. I'm a frequent flyer with United (140k in miles), or at least I was until this past weekend, so you would think that making sure each and every customer would be valued by United. Flying back from Cincinnati to Seattle, via D.C. was just atrocious. Arrived in Cincinnati, only to find my flight was delayed 30 mins due to a late inbound flight - but why did it take United 20 mins before I was to board my plane to email me that information? Then another 20 mins later, received an email that the flight was delayed another 30 mins and the gate changed (luckily just the gate over). My connecting flight out of D.C. to Seattle would surely be missed as I would still be in the air while my flight to my final destination would be taking off. Many of us were in similar predicaments. We were speaking with the woman at the boarding gate, and she advised us our flight was out of the original gate (A11). Then when we all showed her our email from United stating our gate was out of A13, so needed to radio down to ask. One person came back on the radio that the flight to D.C. was out of A11, while another person responded with out of A13. When the gate was determined, the woman at the boarding gate now needed to find if the flight to D.C. was first or if the flight to Houston was next as boarding was soon going to happen. Needless to say, my flight was messed up and I ended up staying in Cincinnati for another night. The next day (Oct. 12), I attempted to fly out of Cincinnati to Seattle via Houston. As soon as I arrived at the airport, I yet again received an email from United that my flight was delayed. Surely this wasn't all going to happen again. I was flying out of the same gate, so perhaps? With that flight being late, we were not sure if I would make the connecting flight to Seattle out of Houston. My flight from Cincinnati to Houston was a little over 2 hours and all passengers were able to get a full can of soda. Luckily, passengers were nice and allowed people at the back of the plane to get off in order to maybe make their connection. Rushed to make the connection and the women at the gate were extremely rude. We told one that others were coming from the late flight out of Cincinnati and her response was \"We cannot hold the gate for anyone. You can stay and wait and see if the rest of you party makes it though, but we cannot hold the gate for anyone.\". The second woman (taking the boarding tickets) was just as rude. Again the whole you can only have 2 pieces of luggage is fine, but when you are following the rules, having to check your bag at the gate is absurd when United does not actually enforce the \"the second bag must go under the seat.\". Something needs to be changed on United's end to continue having paying, satisfied customers."
"After years of collecting credit card points we decided to use them to fly first class from Toronto to Hawaii and back. We had to go with what was provided. The first flight from Toronto to Los Angeles was in first class on Air Canada. We had a \"pod\" type seat which reclined flat. We were provided with comfortable pillows and a comforter. We had our own individual screen and could watch movies, tv, etc. The food was great and service equally as good. It was everything we had imagined first class would be. We had the same first class treatment from Los Angeles back to Toronto. The polar opposite is true of our United Airlines portion from Los Angeles to Hawaii. The plane is old and first class only means wider seats that recline slightly more than economy with more leg room but extremely uncomfortable to try and sleep in. Besides the food, the only extra we got was a paper thin blanket - no pillows, no screens, no music, nothing. You have to download the app if you want to watch something or listen to music. What if you don't have a smart phone or don't want to watch a movie on it? The flight to Hawaii was bad enough but unfortunately we were stuck with United Airlines on the overnight flight from Hawaii back to Los Angeles and hardly slept a wink. Ironically before we left home, I decided to leave my neck pillow at home. Why bring it - we were flying first class. Big mistake. United's definition of \"first class\" is no class. I regret wasting the points I took so long to collect on the United Airlines flights. I will never knowingly fly United again. Giving this a 2 only because the flight attendants were friendly and I felt sorry for them having to work for this airline."
"Twice in the last six months I have purchased United Airlines first class tickets only to arrive at the airport and find out we were in coach for the return trip. The first time we paid $600 in baggage fees because we had packed all of our bags to 70 pounds instead of 50. We were given the option of flying another day first class and not having to pay the baggage fees but there was no compromise on the baggage the day planned to fly. The same thing happened again today and I was forced to change my flight to fly first class in again not pay overage fees on my baggage. This really looks like a scam to me."
"Awful. United Airlines plane from the 1970s to and from Hawaii. Denver to Kona is the same flight length as going to Europe, yet still has one tiny movie screen playing a terrible PG movie. United Airlines needs to upgrade its planes as it is far behind the other airlines in the era of technology. Will not fly again until they do so."
"We had a major flight delay (3 hours) on Oct 11th. No e-mail notification from United till 2:05 for a 3:59 flight. There was an earlier flight on Air Canada but customer service said it had no seats left and that it was oversold when in fact not only was it not oversold there was one seat left. The ladies at both counters were brutal, the customer service was awful. Long lines and understaffed! Angry woman with absolutely no coordination between either airline. In the end they earlier flight ended up with more seats available and was delayed itself 30 mins - but do you think they wanted to be helpful and get us easy passengers with carry on bags on that flight? Nope. I fly Southwest Airlines for a reason. I would not recommend United Airlines to anyone. I paid lots of money for a non-stop, good timing flight and now this!"
"We sat on the LAX terminal for about 30 plus extra minutes waiting to take off without A/C. The two flight attendants seemed like they had no clue what to say or do before the flight even took off. We left at 7:30ish from LAX and planned to land in San Antonio around midnight, about 11pm we get notified we're making an emergency landing in El Paso to re-fuel due to a storm and we need to go around it. As soon as we start landing, the lights start flickering on and off. So we land, they can't leave the A/C on because they have to shut everything off to re-fuel. We sat on there for an hour or more while they re-fueled, and then not only to tell us we may or may not be going through the storm but the lights were flicking because the LAX crew didn't charge the battery enough and that sucked all the energy so they're needing to trouble shoot that, but we'll be fine and off in a jiffy. One guy yelled \"what's going on?\" and the lady flight attendant literally \"shhhh\"ed him! They kept going into the cockpit with the pilots and coming out with looks on their faces like \"we're screwed\", but they didn't have the decency to tell us anything. When a man asked about what's going on, the male flight attendant said \"well we had to re-fuel to go around the storm, if we go through it, it'll rip these wings right off. I don't think any of us want that do we.\" While we are still sitting on there for who knows how long, the man comes back on and says \"Hey guys we know it's hot but it's just one thing after another, apparently one of the engines isn't working so we're bringing mechanics out to fix it, but it'll be fine.\" So, they finally get sense to let us off the plane, we take our carry-ons and walk off the plane onto the terminal, walk up another set of stairs into the tunnel and sit in the airport, it's about 12:30am at this point. We sit for about an hour without any word from anyone and then a guy from the airport says we're going downstairs to get vouchers \"just in case\" we can't fly tonight. Clearly, no one wants to get on this plane. We stand around waiting for someone to give us vouchers for about 30 mins. They put our luggage in baggage claim so we can go get it. Then they say we'll have a flight at 7am because all others are full and it's on the same plane. We could either stay on cots at the airport or get hotel vouchers, but per the airport all the hotels were full. So the next morning everyone is ready to go at 6:30am, we've had a good few hours of a nap. 7am rolls around and no plane. The lady from the night before that was telling us of information of flight \"choices\" and so forth comes and says once again \"I work for the airport not the airline, I didn't promise you a flight at 7am.\" When last night, she literally was the one that informed us of everything. So we wait for about an hour plus before a plane that had no one on it magically appears for us to go on. This whole time the airport staff and security was arguing and yelling back and forth at the passengers who were expressing their frustrations. We ended up in SAT 2 hours later than promised but made it home."
"The carry on baggage policy is laughable. A bin less than 2/3 of the size of the actual overhead luggage space is used to determine whether it is the right size. And the gate agents decide who they are going to challenge to go through the process of placing your carry ons in their bin. I have never had a problem getting my carry on to fit in the overhead. Traveling with a family of 4, all with properly sized carry ons, the gate agents singled us out and forced us to gate check the bags. There is a reason I never fly United and I was reminded yet again."
"I flew with family, total 5 passengers from Shreveport to Miami on October 3rd 2015. The flight from Shreveport to Houston was delayed from 5:40 am to past 7 am for \"aircraft maintainence\". The same reason was given for another delay from Houston to Miami. Finally reached Miami delayed by some hours. Miraculously we took off on time on October 10th from Miami to Houston. However true to their modus operandi we are here in Houston delayed cause our aircraft is stuck in Wichita. Lord alone knows when we will reach home. United Airlines is operating like a 3rd rate dysfunctional airline during the off season. I shudder to think of it's performance during the holidays. This from an airline that charges for bags and is stingy as one can be with snacks inflight. The least United could do us be on time! Seriously United have some sense of shame please."
"Our United Airlines flight was delayed several times before finally being canceled, then was hurried to another terminal were we felt like we were a bother to the people they told us just go online it will fix the problem but alot of us wanted to be reassured there would be a flight in the morning. Was given discount rate vouchers for hotels but considering it was already midnight most of us chose to stay in the terminal, the bathrooms were blocked off or locked most of the night. They never offered blankets or pillows, we were on our own. We were here for about 12 hours with everything shut down, nothing eat or drink until morning for most - unless it was from a vending machine or to go from terminal A over to terminal A which is on the other side of the airport. We all thought that maybe when we did get under way, we might have gotten something on the flight - but nothing was offered, and real disappointing."
"United Airlines canceled connecting flight to Hartford, Ct and rerouted us to flight to Portland, Maine. They then supplied vouchers for bus ride that the representative stated would take us to Hartford. The vouchers also stated the destination as Hartford. Fortunately I verified this with bus line prior to leaving and was told their company goes no farther than Boston, Mass. We would have been stranded in Boston if I hadn't verified the destination. After multiple attempts to get compensated for both the additional expenses and inconvenience, all United Airlines would do is supply vouchers to fly with them again.They even stated they are not responsible for the additional expenses that I incurred. I refused to accept this since I do not want to fly United Airlines again."
"My disabled husband flew United Airlines to Atlanta this past summer. The treatment he received was horrible! Flight attendant checked his wheelchair although it was stated he needed it for his layover in San Francisco. In San Francisco he was placed by his gate but had no way get to a restroom for over 2 hours. When he arrived in Atlanta, his wheelchair, clearly marked, was used and/or given to another person. He was stranded for over another 2 hours looking for his wheelchair. Fortunately, I made enough noise that his return flight was incident free. Warning, if you are disabled and fly United Airlines make lots of noise to ensure you received the attention you need from staff that work for United. The only reason ground service is receiving a star is because you cannot make it a negative or zero rating."
"Took a 12 hour flight from Atlanta to Narita via Denver. The entertainment system for the economy class was broken for the complete duration of flight. On top of that, the reading lights could not be turned on or off and the call attendant button was not working for economy class throughout the flight. The staff was very rude and point blank told us \"What do you gonna do about it?\" There was no attempt made to rectify the situation or pacify customers. Customer service manager on the flight told us that she will reboot the system to try fix the problem, but she did not do anything as my screen was frozen in front of me all the time and showed no signs of system being rebooted. On further enquiring one of the flight attendant revealed that the plane (Boeing 787) had the same problem coming in and since fixing it would mean delaying the flight, they chose not to fix it, or inform us. In fact, when we boarded we could see the entertainment menu but nothing was playing and the staff told us that it will work once we are in air. The flight attendants were seen only when the food service was taking place. They did not bother to do rounds to find out if somebody needed anything as the attendant call button was not working. They just turned off the the cabin lights and disappeared. Just imagine 12 hour flight without entertainment system, reading light, no wifi and broken call button. Cargo was a better option in this flight."
"This was my first attempt at flying with United Airlines and I received the worst customer service out of any airline I have flown. First off our flight out of PDX was delayed 6+ hours causing us to miss our connecting flight in Denver. We were then rerouted to Seattle where we had 2 reservations to make another connecting flight. Once arriving in Seattle we were informed that we were actually waitlisted and did not have seats on their flight. After not being able to get on this flight we went back to the service counter to then again be rerouted. There were no flights until the following day for our destination. We requested they send us back to PDX and refund us our trip. After hours of phone calls and talking with the customer service desk they agreed to send us back to PDX. Worst part about this entire ordeal? They won't refund our $1,000 trip that was never had! I have spent the last 2 weeks on trying to get refunded and they only refunded us $150. I can say United's poor customer service and unwillingness for credit or refund has turned me off from never wanting to fly with again. I am very disappointed."
"The United Airlines app is a joke, and they make it impossible for you to check in and receive your boarding passes without uploading your passports to the App. My first time flying international with them this year was in July 2015. We were with a group of 7 people and my poor mom was trying to organize the entire thing by herself. She downloaded the app, and got all of our passports - but it kept saying that it wasn't responding and would shut down. I downloaded it as well, and it did the same thing every single time I tried to upload a passport. She has an iphone, I have a samsung galaxy. This is happening again for my trip tomorrow. I have called United 3 times today and they don't have any way to help me. The App is the only way to check in with your passports if you are flying internationally. This is ridiculous. For a company that is as large as United Airlines, you would think they would want this problem fixed. If this doesn't get resolved, I don't think I will ever fly United ever again. I'm extremely frustrated, and the customer service was no help at all."
"Seattle to Las Vegas via San Francisco with United Airlines. Before heading to the airport I received notice that our flight was a couple hours delayed so they offered to switch our flight. We got new flight info to leave an hour or so after our original flight, and got to the airport to hear our new flight was delayed. We were concerned about missing our connection so we called into customer service, they looked up our info and told us it would be no problem we had plenty of time. Landed in San Francisco for our connection realized how close we were going to be, so we called in again to let them know we were on the plane waiting to get off - so they called the desk to inform them we were coming. They told us they would not hold our connecting flight that we were going to just miss it. At the same time the pilot came on to the intercom to let the other passengers know the connecting flight to Hawaii was being held so they would make it. So you hold some flights but not others. We got off the plane and went to customer service to get a different flight and experienced two of the rudest customer service agents I have encountered - showed zero empathy and were told they wouldn't do anything for us, it was not their fault flights get delayed and that is something that has to be handled through the phone. What is the point of even having customer service at the airport if all they do is tell you to call someone else. So we called in and were told all they could do was submit a form and someone would email me - it has been five days still no email. The agent on the phone informed me that she would give us a seat with more leg room, but the only people that could do it was the customer service at the airport that had already told me they had no ability to help - so went back to the counter and the lady and her manager I spoke to earlier walked away from counter, so they didn't have to speak with me. I explained what happened again and the customer service already told me they had the ability to do it and I was still on the phone if they wanted to talk to them about it. After a deep sigh they moved us up a couple rows so we had more leg room - seriously we had to go through all that for more leg room. If I could give negative stars I would, and suggest people book with someone who will value their time and care if they continue as a customer."
"I will avoid United Airlines in the future. Two long delays on two segments of a two segment trip. Also, United has poor legroom in economy (I've actually had more comfortable seats in Southwest). Everything is an \"upgrade\" even when there are open seats on the plane. United also discourages checked baggage with $25 fee for first bag and a whopping $40 for second. As a result overhead bins are almost always full requiring you to check carry on at the gate. Because of all the carry on bags, boarding and deplaning is very slow. Airlines pay for time at the gate. The faster they can get people on and off the plane the less it costs them. Every airline should offer 2 free checked bags and allow only one personal item carry on. This would speed up the process greatly."
"I will never fly United Airlines again if I can avoid it, and I have not even made it on the plane yet. If you don't log in 24 hours ahead of time, on the dot, you may be forced to upgrade to a Premium Economy or First Class seat, at greatly increased cost. They have no qualms about booking seats they don't have to offer, and then preying on their customers. Fool me once, shame on you."
"I have done 10+ flights this summer many of which have been on United Airlines. Every time I fly it's with the same roller board and the same boot bag for my tall boots (I train horses). Both items are always carried on no problem, the one goes over head and the boots under the seat - except tonight. I was stopped before going through security and told my roller bag was too big. I went to their kiosk across from security where it tuned out the Mobile boarding pass scanner wasn't working so he entered my info twice manually before deciding his system didn't work and I had to go to the desk. Annoyed I went around the corner and moved the jacket into my boot bag so the suitcase would fit in their bin. I went back to security where they didn't even ask to check the size of my bag but then told me my boot bag was too big. Keep in my my friend had gone through security with the same boot bag with her helmet attached to it not 5 minutes before and had not been stopped. Both the manager from United Airlines was incredibly rude as was the security staff. The manager threatened to not let me on the flight - all this over bags that easily fit on the flight and that had both been carried on all of my other United flights including the one to CA 3 days earlier. United is a highly short sighted company with a very poor customer service vision and corporate culture. They don't realize that by ruining a clients experience before they even get on the flight they breed a culture of rudeness. I am normally a model passenger - kind to other passengers, nice to the flight attendants, complimentary to the pilots - after this I have no reason to look at a United Airlines staff member in the eye, clear my trays from the security line, or engage in any kind of pleasantries. I'll for sure be looking to avoid United travel in the future."
"I am yet to find a reason for United Airlines still operating. They obviously hate passengers and the service shows. I booked tickets 1 month in advance and they would not give me seats. They block at least 30 seats and you have to pay more to get an assigned seats and the lowest payment from SEA to IAH was USD69. So on the day of travel, they did give me seats, but me and my wife had to sit 20 rows apart. The staff obviously hate their job or passengers or both. Forget about being helpful, they are downright rude. The best thing to do is not ask for anything and that includes water."
"United Airlines serves up sub par service in every respect! Our recent trip back from Amsterdam was ridiculous after our fantastic trip on SWISS. Our cabin was freezing, people were so cold they were wearing winter coats through the entire flight - I only wish I had one! They handed out pathetic flimsy blankets. The food was disgusting pasta thrown to us on disposable plastic trays, and later a freezing cold and disgusting sandwich!"
"We had full fare United Airlines first class tickets from Cleveland to Los Angeles. The flight departure was over an hour late. The flight is 4.5 hours and there was no in flight entertainment at all. There were not enough of the chicken entree offered to accommodate the 8 passengers in first class, and I had to settle for my second choice. It functioned like an inexpensive no frills airline, while promoting itself as a top tier carrier"
"I will never fly with United Airlines ever again. We were over two hours late flying because some of the staff were late so we were unable to board. We then had to watch the cabin crew have conversations, instead of letting their customers know what was going on. Although customer service was pretty good, the food was disgusting and the seats were the most uncomfortable I have ever sat in. They were worse than budget airline seats. I will never intentionally fly with this company again."
"Flight 5353 from MKE to ORD. The United Airlines gate agent at gate E63 in MKE made an announcement on the intercom system that there was a mechanical problem with the plane and the computer system would need to be restarted. Simultaneously ORD was suffering weather delays. The flight left MKE at 8:41, more than an hour late which resulted in missed flights. United Airlines at ORD refused lodging vouchers because the incident was registered as ATC (air traffic control). It is the belief of passengers on the plane that MKE falsified information."
"As a Star Alliance Gold member, United Airlines has been my first choice when flying from the States. However my last flight with them from San Francisco to London was rather disappointing. On check-in, the rather rude agent tried to downgrade my paid business ticket to economy due to an apparent overbooking. Only after I called her supervisor did she keep my ticket in business. As there was only 20 minutes till boarding, I had to run to the gate, only just getting on my flight even with TSA priority pass. The flight was operated by an antiquated Boeing 777, it had the old business class layout. The old layout for me is one of the worst due to it's extremely narrow 8 abreast business seating. That's the same as Cathay's premium economy! We departed on time and the flight was smooth. Then, 5 hours into the flight, the entertainment system for the first and business class cabins went kaput. When passengers started pressing the crew call buttons, the Flight Attendants seemed unapologetic and were even borderline rude. One even said \"It's not my fault so stop calling!\" Fortunately, we only had 3 hours left on the flight so, I decided to just get some sleep. We arrived in LHR on time, although that is pretty much the only positive thing I can say about on this flight. I probably will continue to fly United, although they really need to improve their service."
"Automated check in at Heathrow, then bag drop, went well. Got the third degree while waiting in line for bag drop (where are you staying, why are you visiting America) as well as the usual check-in questions I had already answered at the machine. Much the same quizzing at the boarding gate. As we entered the aircraft the staff did not bother to check our boarding passes, give directions to our seat, or even smile. Legroom was pretty poor and the seat back in front of me was frayed. The entertainment was okay, some good movies. Screens a little unresponsive. Food tasted good. I asked for coffee and was given water at one point. Once again on exiting the plane no one bothered to say goodbye. I don't think I've ever had such indifferent service on a flight before. I felt like an inconvenience, not a customer. Communications from the captain good, and other than the usual Heathrow 15 minute delay the flight was on time. United Airlines got the job done, but not particularly comfortably or with good service."
"London to Charleston via Newark, and Myrtle Beach to Toronto via Newark. The most positive things I can say about my United Airlines experience were that I made my connections and my bags arrived in the right place on time. There it stops. Why are United using antique 767s on the London - Newark route? They are uncomfortable, the noisiest aircraft I have ever travelled on, the food was basically inedible. As for IFE, I think I would have been less offended if there was none. Minute screen, and only a choice of 5 or so films, which played on a loop so if you missed the start or - heaven forbid - wanted to go to the bathroom, then tough luck, you've missed part of the film. Cabin staff were friendly. On arrival at Newark, I was pleasantly surprised to make my connection between terminals in under two hours. However, like their planes, the circle of hell that is the United gates at Terminal A desperately needs dragging into the 21st century. EWR-CHS leg was on a tiny ERJ145 which was thrown around in a thunderstorm. The stewardess was the finest I have ever encountered though; full marks to her good humour. On the return, MYR-EWR was delayed an hour with no explanation, info or apology from ground staff. Flight was OK but service poor. Transfer in EWR was far better this time; Terminal C is surprisingly nice for a US airport. Crew on EWR-YYZ leg clearly could not be bothered to do any work as they left the seatbelt signs on for the whole flight (because of non-existent \"turbulence\") and would not even serve water. In contrast, the final leg of my trip (Toronto to London) was on a codeshare operated by Air Canada and was thoroughly excellent. To summarise - basically, United Airlines is the long-haul Ryanair. Expect little, get little, but put up with it if they are the cheapest/only option."
"Awful experience with United Airlines. First leg from SFO to IAD delayed by over an hour, but there still were some chances for me to make it for my connecting flight to Dublin. Near IAD, the pilot announced that we needed to wait in the air as both Washington airports had been closed due to \"two incidents\". After another 20 minutes, he informed that we were running out of fuel and need to land in Norfolk, to refuel and head to IAD when it's back open. Hearing this news, one of the passengers had medical emergency and the pilot decided to land on the closed airport anyway. Obviously, half of the passengers have missed their connections and when I finally reached the counter after two hours of waiting, I was rebooked for the next day. And guess what, United Airlines refused to provide hotel voucher as they claimed the delay was due to \"medical emergency\". This was an obvious lie, as medical emergency actually allowed us to land faster on the closed airport and the fellow passengers were livid. The reps mentioned only that \"this is what we see in our system and we can't do anything\". It's absolutely outrageous to use someone's medical emergency as the excuse to get away without facing responsibility for the delay. It's also interesting how our connecting flights were able depart on time if the airport was closed. The seats were quite comfy, the inflight service was virtually non-existent."
"This was my first experience with United Airlines in probably 10 years or so, and I promise it will be my last. The flight from Savannah to Washington D.C. was awful. First sign of terrible service began on arrival at terminal check in. Every one of their systems were down. My sisters flight was no where to be found. Being frequent flyers we arrived early and it took 45 minutes to locate all our tickets and get us on our way. Lady was nice but by no means cordial in the way other customer service reps are. Our flight was delayed and upon arrival we missed our connecting flight to Munich. I know this happens and obviously causes frustration. However, this was only the start of it all. No flights were available until the following day. I am writing this review from the hotel in real time. When asked if we would be reimbursed for the hotel or upgraded for our inconvenience the rep literally laughed in my face and said that isn't our problem. I have never been more angry with a rep in my entire life. I spent 2 hours trying to call customer service and to my dismay was only able to speak to someone who clearly had just learned English a few months prior. Unbelievable disregard for customer satisfaction. As a Delta sky miles member I will never betray my airline again (this international flight was cheaper through United. Not worth the 350 dollar savings). I honestly can't comprehend with human logic how this company still exists. I am appalled and will never ever give 1 dollar to United Airlines again. I have never written a review for anything before. That tells you how livid I am with this sham of a company, if you can even call it that."
"Every time I have to fly United Airlines I dread it. At least they were consistent. I just don’t understand why they don’t get it. Boeing 767-400 is old and looks old. They serve welcome champagne in plastic cups. The 2-1-2 seats are cramped, especially when you’re trying to sleep. I intentionally took the centre single seat, although I always sit by the window, for I didn’t want to be stepping over unknown people when heading for the bathroom. The colors of the interior are drab and dull - gray and mute blue. Could they not at least add some colorful dinnerware or napkins or blankets or pillow. Spice up the cabin. I will say that the meal options have improved. The dinner menu was rather good. Midway through the flight I had asked a FA when will United get rid of their 767’s for they are old planes. The one we were flying on was 15 years old. I hope that United will bring back the joy and luxury of flying some day. It would really make me smile and not dread flying them."
"Dreadful with all four United Airlines flights delayed (Los Angeles to Roatan via Houston). Computers down in Roatan, so they handwrote luggage labels and boarding passes - no backup?? Passengers were still boarding 1 hour after we were due to leave. United Airlines premium economy was a con as only first row has extra leg room and seats same as economy, and also charged for food! First flight delayed, told us after due to board then 2nd plane has maintenance problem too, so further delays. Was told 4 times on Roatan flight that agents waiting for us to help with connections as a lot of passengers had. No one at Houston and they did not get us forward in queues to get connections when other passengers were on later flights so had more time! We were told plane to LAX was waiting for us, so get to gate quick - arrived to be told had left. Only decent staff was lady who sorted new connection flight. Disgraceful company, four flights and four delays."
"San Francisco to Sydney with United Airlines, and stunningly horrendous service in GlobalFirst. I have traveled in economy on foreign airlines that provide better service than what this flight delivered. The seat was dirty and worn. No sleep topper was provided, nor pajamas like other airline First class provides. The pre-departure drink was served in a plastic cup! The menu had 3 entree selections for a 14 hour flight - all disgusting with heavy cream sauces to mask the inedible food. Not even a wine list was provided, in first class on a $12,000 ticket! The extremely senior cabin crew were out of shape and very uninterested in providing service, with one banging into my seat throughout the flight. Lavatory was absolutely disgusting - never once did a flight attendant attempt to keep it tidy. Breakfast was a joke - two choices and lucky to get a banana with my cereal! Juice was canned concentrate. Not even cappuccino or espresso. How does United Airlines pass this embarrassment off and justify the ticket price on such a high profile route?"
"I made a last minute booking from LAX to FRA via SFO but then truly regretted choosing this airline. LAX-SFO was without any problem. Plane departed on time and arrived to SFO 15 minutes earlier but we waited 20 minutes as all gates were busy. However the SFO-FRA leg was one of my worst long haul flight experience. Starting from IFE to food everything had some sort of problem. For 11 hours flight, the seats are not equipped with seat-back screens. If you you want to entertain yourself only way is to to pay and purchase internet. So I did, but this time after few hours all my devices run out of energy but plug did not work under the seat. Food was just ok. Shortly after take off cabin crew delivered cracks and after about 1.5 half dinner was served. I decided to have chicken but it tasted like nothing. Friendliness of cabin crew was non-existent. Seats were dirty and exhausted. Plane itself looked quite old indeed. Overall experience is very very poor. Never fly with this airline ever again. If you can afford it, avoid United especially for long haul flights."
"Thought I had stepped into the dark ages on the United Airlines flights. Seats are cramped and dirty, on old aircraft. Entertainment system on central/aisle screens and no Seatback monitors. Food can often be poor in economy class, but this was barely edible. United Airlines is the only international airline I have flown recently that charges for drinks in Economy. Drinks prices are certainly not at duty free levels, and were higher than land based prices in some cases. At least beer and wine was gratis! The flight was overbooked, and they were offering vouchers to take another flight. But we arrived in one piece. The whole outfit United Airlines needs a shake up."
"I traveled with United Airlines from Veracruz Mexico to Houston onboard a small Embraer 145. The flight was okay, but the aircraft (maybe old) was in a really bad condition. Very dirty and very damaged cabin. I don't know why this aircraft was in such a bad condition, but I will give them a small rating due to this aircraft condition. Also, they require you to pay for the drinks."
"I've flown United Airlines many times, mostly domestic. They've been equally bad each time, but this flight bothered me more since it was a long flight. And maybe I've been spoiled by other good airlines that operate US-Asia routes. The plane looked a little old. Seats were pretty small (for reference, I'm 158cm tall). The entertainment screen looked like one from 20 years ago: touch screen, but you press five times and it still goes to the wrong button. However, they had a decent selection of movies and shows. I tried to play a movie but it kept freezing every five minutes. At first I thought it was just mine who had problems, so I pushed the call button for a flight attendant. 30 minutes later, no sign of any flight attendant, I gave up and already prepared to sleep for the remaining 12 hours of the flight. It turned out later, it was an issue with the whole entertainment system on that flight. After they reset the system, which took another 20 minutes, mine worked ok, but I know I was one of those lucky ones. The food onboard was terrible. I was pretty hungry but still didn't finish any of the meals they gave me. Well, they got me to Tokyo in one piece, so at least there's that. Bottom line: don't fly with United Airlines if you have/can afford other options."
"United Airlines have nil customer service. My son was booked to fly Sydney to LA. Flight cancelled due to mechanical issues (it happens) and all moved to Qantas flight. Excess luggage charge was higher with Qantas, but United Airlines advised they would reimburse the difference. On return flight my sons credit card would not work for same issue (excess luggage) - a friend of his paid. However on his return $100 had been withdrawn by United Airlines? To contact Customer Services with United is impossible - they have no support in Australia - all correspondence by e mail from USA. Credits promised have never been fulfilled. I am not commenting or able score as I was not on the flight."
"First we go to gate 84 (where we are supposed to board). It says Bermuda instead of houston. We ask them if this is the gate for our United Airlines flight to Houston and they say yes. All the seats in the gate are full, so we sit across from that gate. At the last minute they make us go from gate 84 to 71 (which is really far). Then they say that the flight is overbooked by 8 seats and ask for 8 volunteers. We are a family of 6 and decide to volunteer and have to wait in line for 20 minutes - abandoning this when they say they don't need volunteers. When we board, they say that will change all our seats because the plane got switched and we are a party of 6, and none of our seats are together - not even in the same row! I was traveling with a teenager, my husband and 3 young kids. One was 8, one was 7, and one only 4. The person that checked the boarding pass said to ask the agent to make our seats together. The agent is rude and didn't help us. When we get on the plane we all have to sit seperately. When we ask staff if it is okay to switch our seats so at least someone can sit together, the crew tells us to sit down and stay in the seats that they gave us. I end up sitting \"near\" (not next to) my 4 year old and next to my 6 year old. My husband sits 3 rows back near my 8 year old. My teenager has to sit alone with strangers, 4 rows back. They have no room for any carry on storage and people have to put their bags under their seats. The plane was dirty, instructions and safety papers have stains on them, handles have marks and dirty stains."
"A friend of mine arranged 2 seats for my daughter and I to travel United Airlines on a Boeing 757 from Heathrow to Newark in Economy class. Subsequently I was able to upgrade us both (for a fee) into Premium Economy. Sadly when booking this, no one mentioned that the two exit seats booked over the wing had so called \"limited recline\" - in fact no recline whatsoever. This was a very uncomfortable flight caused me to have back ache the following week. It would have been nice to have a choice of a seat that actually reclined a little for the long flight to Newark. We have been told there is no chance of any refund on the excess paid to \"upgrade\". I guess we will remember that when next we choose an airline to fly across the atlantic."
"Horrible service with United Airlines from Minneapolis St Paul to Memphis. Late departure caused missed connection flight to Memphis by 5 minutes. United rescheduled flight for following night. Hoping to get home sooner took flight to Nashville to rent a car and drive 3 hours to Memphis airport to pick up my car that was parked there when I departed. The flight was scheduled to depart at 11:15 instead it departed at 12:40. By the time plane reached Nashville the car rental agencies were closed. Forced to get a hotel room and spend the night in Nashville, Rented a car, drove for 3 hours, paid for the gas to just get to Memphis airport where I should have been at 10:46 the day before. By rights, because of United's deplorable service, my family is owed $357.42 that would not have been spent if flights were on time. Would have given no stars, but review is set up that you have to give 1 star to submit."
"San Francisco to Washington DC with United Airlines, a 5 hour red eye. No free entertainment. No lumbar support. If you're 5'2\" like me, the headrest is a horrid fit. I can't image who designed the seats. They should be flipping burgers somewhere. Every flight was over booked. One by 10 people! Outrageous."
"United Airlines frequent fliers should be aware when booking journeys involving codeshare arrangements with Star Alliance partners. Booking through United Airlines, where I am a Million Mile flier, I received no mileage credit for Lufthansa portions of my journey (because the United rep said Lufthansa doesn't award miles in its program for your fare type), nor was I able to get assigned seats until the day of the flight, despite purchasing the ticket three months in advance. Get a clue United. Your vaunted Alliance isn't worth squat if partner practices are so different from your own. This caps a year where I was twice stranded overnight, once because of \"weather\" (not at the place the plane was coming from, the place where my flight was to take off, or the destination of the flight) and once for lack of a crew to fly the plane. Bags lost three times. The Continental/United merger has created an organization too big to succeed. Their people on the ground have by and large been great. But the system's a wreck."
"United Airlines flight prices may be reasonable, but never again! Cabin crew are so rude, they virtually threw the food at us. I was reading and hadn't noticed they were serving, I had a package shook in front of my face, asking me if I wanted it or not! The entertainment screens were not working the whole of our flight. We were delayed while sat on the plane on our return flight, with no communication at all. The food on the plane was the worst we have ever been served. We have traveled cheap airlines in Europe, and they are so much better than United. I would not recommend."
"I just want to say how displeased I am with United Airlines service. Our flight should have been a little over an hour, and the whole trip turned into 9 hours. Now I am on my return flight and encountering the same issues. I will never fly United Airlines again, mainly for the fact that they don't even care how they run their business. I will never partake in this horrible United Airlines service again."
"A trip from hell on United Airlines from Newark to Hong Kong. The flight was delayed by 4 hours, the entertainment system was broken for the duration of the flight. No reading lights, no power to charge electronic devices and the seats could not be turned into flat beds. Horrible customer service of United. They send an e-mail, not mentioning the problems inside the plane. Absolutely horrible."
"United Airlines flight from San Francisco to London was by far the most irritating, they had pre-booked heavily and hence when asked for seat options the guy in the ground very rudely asked us to take the next flight - we were stuck with the middle seat. They have only 1 bag check in (which is not followed by other airlines), so please don't pack heavily if you are travelling with United flights or else be prepared to pay 100$ extra for the luggage, I saw a college girl literally cry because she had no money. Coming to the food, well don't expect much, they have very limited options - only the salad is nice rest we liked nothing. Infant, this was the worst flight food we ever had. They have cheap flights, but the services are even below standard hence its better if you have a long journey try and book with some other airlines."
"Not a friendly or helpful face in sight for our whole United Airlines experience from Houston to Seattle and back. I will not bore you with the details of misinformation that caused us to miss our first flight only to be wait listed and after waiting 4 hours discover that we had been misinformed again and the flight was oversold - which means we never stood a chance of getting on that flight! It was the last flight out and after witnessing the drama of 3 people with tickets being told they were not going home that night, we went home with tickets for the next day. We were told to be at the gate an hour early. My complaint is about the lack of concern for the comfort of the passengers. On our flight out it was warm for the entire flight. I requested that the air be adjusted and was told by the steward that he \"would look into it\". It never improved but I decided to just ignore it. However, on the flight back the whole trip was very warm - even with full air on it never cooled down. I asked the steward to please have the air lowered and he said \"he would look into it\" after another hour I walked through the cooler first class section and asked a different steward to make our cabin cooler and guess what, he said \"I'll look into it\". The cabin never became comfortable and several folks mentioned as they deplaned how hot the flight was! The attitude I picked up was we (the paying passengers) were just cargo that needed to be loaded - secured - and unloaded. Our comfort during the flight was a non-issue and the response they uniformally gave spoke of training of redirection and not of any effort to adjust anything. I will not be United Airlines again."
"I have been flying United Airlines for years and I do not expect much from their domestic service. I did expect something better than what I experienced between Washington Dulles and Tokyo Narita. There is a reason why this flight was only about half full - people know to use the competition. The food on the flight was horrible. It consisted of rice and bad scraps of chicken. The flight attendants were indifferent. It was depressing to see a great US company perform so badly."
"The worst experience ever. I flew United Airlines first class from Orlando to San Francisco and back. There are a number of issues that made me really unhappy - I am a frequent flyer, pay for my flights (no upgrades) and I am certainly not a complainer, but this was just too much. The airplane was not clean, there were stains on my seat, the back rest of the seat in front of me and on the table. This was already bad, but to top it off - there is no more inflight entertainment on United flights. When I say this I mean no more tv screens and headphones. United Airlines apparently took out all their entertainment hardware and replaced it with their new inflight entertainment - here is how that goes: you have to bring your own personal device and your own headphones. Then you have to lock into their wifi system at which point you can choose from their entertainment options. In first class wifi is free, but you have to pay in coach. So here is my issue with that: I do not have a personal device, all I have is a laptop and a phone. I certainly do not want to watch a movie on my tiny phone screen and did not bring a charging cable for my laptop. So I had no entertainment on a 5 hour flight. This is ridiculous. What about the travelers who do not have a PD? Congratulations United, - you found another way to rip off your customers."
"I will never fly United Airlines again! Rude flight attendant. While we sat on the tarmac for a rain delay she sat talking on her phone to a friend. Never took a moment to check on passengers. When passengers started asking questions about connecting flights, she said I have no idea about other flights. I only know about this one and we are stuck here. So we missed our connecting flight. Stayed the night in DC. Now we are waiting to board the flight the next day. The plane has been at the gate for an hour and they continue to say there's a boarding delay because of cleaning the plane. I feel sure we will miss our connecting flight once again."
"San Francisco to Bozeman Yellowstone International with United Airlines was one of the worst travel experiences that I have had. All of the flights were either late or got changed and we did not receive a new itinerary. They recognized that it was their fault so they put us up for the night. Little did we know that we were given a voucher for 1 room with a full bed and a pull out couch for 5 people. To add insult to injury when talking with a customer service agent I was offered $50 per ticket for the hassle. I told them that that was a \"slap in the face\". I then requested a management call back. I have been waiting over a month for that call and when I finally call am told that I need to call the customer service line and leave a message. Great service United - maybe this is why you have such a low rating."
"London to Chicago return. Having had a brilliant United Airlines outward flight 5 days previously, I had no reason to expect any different on the return trip. However,it was a totally different experience. The seats were smaller and less legroom, I wish I could remember which type of aircraft it was. The seatback screens were tiny and had less choice. The meal was disgusting apart from the icecream and for breakfast we were offered a cold (almost frozen) croissant. My main issue though was the crew member who 'served' me. She never cracked a smile once. Nor any interaction at all apart from \"chicken or pasta\" and a very interrogative \"drink?\" She did neither greet or farewell any passengers and treated us like an inconvenience. However on departing the plane which had an exceptionally smooth landing at LHR the pilot bade us farewell and thanked us for flying United Airlines - I guess he's the one that really matters."
"Orlando to Portland with United Airlines, the second time this year I have flown Business class on United. Hope I never have to do so again. The lunch which was supposed to be served was announced as \"We will be serving snacks on this flight.\" A quick pass through by a totally disinterested flight attendant offering a tray of tiny bags of potato chips. On a previous flight they ran out of a breakfast selection after only taking four orders. The staff lacked any real interest in their passengers both times. There was a definite feeling that we were intruding on their time. I don't need a lot of service, but a touch of interest would be nice, instead of having to listen to the Attendants have lengthy personal chats in the galley."
"My flight with United Airlines from Los Angeles to Saipan and back was a terrible experience. Both directions we had mechanicals that delayed the flight overnight in one case, and 11 hours in the next. In rebooking my flight from Narita to San Francisco it resulted in my being up for 20 hours waiting. I am currently sitting wait for my flight to leave and don't have the faith that it will. My flight from Guam on a Boeing 737 had only one bathrrom open for economy class. There was a line to use the restroom half way down the plane. When the seat belt sign went on everyone ignored it in order to keep their place in line. No flight attendant even tried to get people to sit down. If I can help it, I will never fly United Airlines again."
"United Airlines kept us waiting 12 hours before cancelling the flight from Milan to Newark. Nobody from United Airlines did ever show up. The matter was handled only by the airport staff. We were offered a 200 USD bonus we could use \"only if\" reserving a future flight with United Airlines. Never ever again with this airline."
"We boarded our aircraft early for our 09.25 flight to New York for our 4 day break. At 09.10 we were told there was a technical problem. We sat on the plane for over 4 hours with only 2 crackers and half a glass of water served. Eventually we were told to leave the plane and ground staff would give us further instructions. The ground staff hadn't even been told we were leaving the plane. Eventually after collecting our luggage we were put on a bus to an awful hotel. We were collected by bus the following morning and taken back to the airport. A member of staff was handing out airline compensation forms, but when we asked if the plane was fixed, she snapped not to harass her as she had worked a double shift and was stressed. When we said we were stressed and just wanted to know if we would be travelling that day, she called over security who threatened if there was any problems, he controlled who got on the plane and who didn't. Disgraceful behaviour to everyone who were now delayed 24 hours. We eventually arrived in New York 26 hours late and in rush hour, so our 4 days was reduced to 2! United Airlines have since sent an email offering compensation but the 2nd page with all the information was missing so none the wiser but I'm guessing judging by previous reviews it will be a travel voucher. After emailing them they now seen unaware of our plight. Wouldn't recommend United Airlines to anyone."
"I flew with United Airlines four times in one week, two of the flights were overbooked. This is ridiculous. They offer compensation in airline credits and a food voucher for your inconvenience, meaning they suffer no consequences by overbooking flights. This was discouraging the first time, but having experienced this twice in one week is unacceptable. United Airlines has lost my business and I will discourage others from flying with them."
"This was a 12 hour flight with United Airlines from Hong Kong to San Francisco and we got a small meal 1 hour into the flight and small tray of food with an hour of the flight left. Besides that they didn't come around with snacks or drinks. The food was bad, neither one of us could finish it. The seats are very uncomfortable for any flight but especially for 12 hours. I had requested a seat before leaving on the trip, but when I went to check in I didn't get the aisle seat that I had picked, but the inside seat in the last row of the plane. On my flights from San Francisco to Denver and Denver to Fargo we didnt get snacks and barely got a drink. This is in comparison to Air Niugini who I flew to Hong Kong with who were excellent."
"United Airlines give no preference to frequent flyers and provide an abysmal excuse for customer service. They sat our entire family apart from one another although the reservations were made together. I called about 2 weeks ahead of the flight to ensure we were seated together, and was assured that our seat preferences were noted. I checked in online 24 hours in advance and when I got to the baggage drop at the airport the rude check in assistant informed me that I hadn't checked in, and therefore hadn't been allocated a seat. I produced the email noting my check in time to which he responded, \"that must have been a technical error.\" I was pretty much in disbelief of how rude every representative we dealt with was. Before taking a long haul flight with United Airlines I would also take into consideration that they don't provide hot meals, just pretzels and small snacks. Also no in flight entertainment on an 11 hour flight. I fly to London twice a year and will never make the mistake of taking a United Airlines flight again. Overall completely disappointing experience."
"I haven't flown United Airlines in a while and I don't plan on using them again anytime soon. Our luggage was the same weight (give or take 5lbs) heading to San Francisco from Hartford as it was going from San Francisco to Hartford but we paid $100 more when checking our luggage on our way home. Note the price difference was not due to being in a different weight class, even though our luggage did fluctuate by 7lbs when placed on the same scale 2 different times within mere minutes. On our way home I was excited to see TVs on the back of each seat which faded quickly as soon as I realized I couldn't watch a single thing unless I swiped my credit card. Sorry any motivation I would have had to shell out $7.99 to watch any kind of entertainment was obliterated by having to pay $125 for 1 check bag for both my husband and I. Our connecting flight departure time was changed numerous times due to \"awaiting aircraft\". Ending in over an hour delay. No thank you United Airlines, I did not enjoy our experience together and will not be using United Airlines again."
"This seems almost pointless. United Airlines couldn't careless about my family while speaking on the phone, so it is hard to believe they would take the time to check their reviews. This is a fluid matter and we expect to fly tomorrow, but I have serious doubts. We are traveling with a 14 month old, a 5 year old and a 7 year old, and we paid extra so that we could sit together and received confirmation to that affect. This was done two months ago. Today, the day before the flight, we received a \"check in\" email but when attempting this, the seats were scattered and the five year old was not even reflected to be on the plane. Needless to say, we called Customer Service and after an hour long phone call they could not or would not correct their admitted errors and admitted to charging us for something they then took away without notice. They suggested we handle this at the gate tomorrow. I have zero confidence. Traveling with kids is difficult enough, but enduring the childlike behavior from United Airlines is pathetic. So since this matter is still fluid and United Airlines has an opportunity to read their reviews, and perhaps correct their errors, I put them to the challenge. If they correct it, I will go out of my way to amend this rating. If they do not, I will follow up accordingly."
"I have come not to expect too much of airlines with all the skimping they have done, however United Airlines takes they apathy or even dislike of the customer to a whole new level. I took the same trip over Christmas last year. Everything that could go wrong went wrong. In the end, I got a $100 voucher to use exclusively on United.com to buy a ticket. I didn't use it. United.com is ridiculously overpriced. I went again in the summer thinking one bad trip can't color my perception of United Airlines. This time it was just as awful and all the calls I made prior to flying to avoid the same issues were treated as an annoyance. However, when things went poorly and my child's stroller was lost, they were dismissive and eventually \"escalated\" it to give me another $100 voucher. It's been 6 weeks since I returned and apparently they are still \"looking\" for the stroller and I shouldn't call back before another 5 weeks!"
"United Airlines flight From Milan to Newark was not bad. When my son arrived in EWR, his connecting flight had been canceled, so he was rerouted through Chicago. At Chicago, his flight to MCI was cancelled, so he was stuck in Chicago overnight. United Airlines did nothing to remedy the situation."
"San Francisco to Taipei return with United Airlines. Being a vegetarian is not easy class when travelling, but most airlines provide vegetarian meals, however with few choices for international flights. I am allergic to curry, which I contacted United Airlines after my outbound flight's 2 curry meals. I told the customer services to please indicate my allergy to curry. To my luck, I got two curry meals again on the return flight. I have learned that my allergy was recorded on their data bank. In this high speed communication era, I could be easily contacted via e-mail or call if my \"allergy issues\" can't be accommodated. I could have brought my own food for this cross pacific flight. What will it take for United Airline to be serious about \"food allergy\" issues?"
"My 84-year-old recently widowed mother, who was moving to the Portland area, was charged $100 by United Airlines for being 9 lbs over the weight limit of 50 lbs on her checked bag - which she had already paid $25 to check in. Unlike younger travelers, who may have considered carrying the extra 9 lbs, she was not able to do so. With less an hour before her flight was scheduled to take off, we were in no position to argue about United Airlines extortion of money from customers. They should be ashamed of themselves, but instead I received 2 responses from their customer service stating essentially, too bad, you should have made a bigger scene at the counter."
"The most uncaring, unhelpful airline that I have ever had the displeausure to travel on, left at least a hundred people stranded at an airport with no offer of hospitality or any other necessity including food or lodging. Furthermore instead of inviting us to join the sleeping travelers in a perfectly hospitable suite they decided to make up a flimsy excuse that we couldn't spend the night their because we would interrupt the slumbers of the first class, and they made their intentions clear that us, lowly ecomony traveler's were to spend the night on the airport floor, in light of their recent mistakes, not just to us but to multiple people, I would advise that any travelers would refrain from using United Airlines until they decide to actually start caring about their passangers."
"I had read and heard a lot of negative reviews about United Airlines but since I work in customer service decided to give them a shot knowing that people usually don't say when they've had an okay experience or average or a fantastic one. Unfortunately I did find out that those reviews were quite true, I was traveling from SD to Chicago IL and my flight was delayed by a whole hour and 40 minutes, and the delays continued throughout the whole trip from Chicago IL, to Houston Tx, from Houston Tx to El Salvador. You had to buy snacks and pay if you wanted to see a movie/TV? This has been the first and last time I'll use United Airlines, just horrible overall experience. I'd rather pay more for a different airline than fly United Airlines again."
"I had the misfortune to choose United for our holiday and I would never fly with them again. The plane was so dated and old that there was no back of seat entertainment, only a selection of films and TV on the big screen. This is ridiculous for a 10 hour flight in the 21st century. Whilst queuing to board, an employee gave us some leaflets about \"Personal Device Entertainment\" ie you can download their selection of films etc via the UA app. The impression we were given was that this was not instead of seat back screens, but was an additional courtesy service. The colleague also told us that \"it was probably too late to download the app now, but here's the details anyway.\" Appalling. As a result I had a mobile phone with very little battery life (no inflight chargers), no time to download an app, and no internet access (available for an additional 17USD, which is not far off what I pay for a whole month's WiFi). I had my young son with me, for whom much of the big screen entertainment was unsuitable (House MD, Aloha, some dreadful programme about how money affects our psyche). It was the longest most boring and uncomfortable flight I have ever had. Don't get me started on United Airlines food. They had three options on our previous flight on the way out, but only one left- chicken and potatoes, but without the potatoes. The rest of the food was barely edible, with semi frozen bread rolls and synthetic over packaged over processed snacks in several layers of cellophane that could probably last five years without refrigeration. This airline is a joke and happily takes your money whilst treating you with contempt. Never, ever again."
"This is the third, and last time, I will ever fly United long haul, short haul, or any haul. Absolutely the worst airline I have flown. The flight from SGN to HKG was ok, mercifully it is a short flight. The cabin is small and slightly uncomfortable but I can live with that for a couple of hours. The flight from HGK to Chicago, though, is a nightmare. Dirty aircraft, in-flight entertainment doesn't work properly, and the FAs are rude and condescending. They missed me, and this is the second time actually, while serving dinner. When I pointed it out I was met with a smirk and the FA basically tossed a cold dinner on my tray. I really hate this airline and will never fly it again. I simply don't understand why they can't take a few 'hints' from the Asian carriers and learn a lesson or two."
"I just got home from what was a horrible experience and an unfortunate way to end such a pleasant vacation with my family. Our flight out of Cancun was delayed and we waited in the airport for 9 hours without internet and no idea what was going on. They did not communicate with us what was happening and the flight just kept getting delayed. Finally all the passengers decided to find out what was going on. We had to wait 4 hours in line to be able to talk to someone. Everyone on that flight missed their connecting flights out of Houston. The airline offered us 7$ each to get something to eat, which is ridiculous. We had to spend the night and ended up getting home 15 hours after we were supposed to. Their customer service is terrible, they could have done a lot more to accommodate their customers."
"United Airlines no longer offers a bereavement discount. They are the only airline to offer a non-stop flight from SFO-PIT to attend a funeral and they won't discount a ridiculously, priced last-minute fare.Thanks, but no thanks for the condolences United. United Airlines get a 0 out of 10 if I could submit that rating."
"Just arrived in London from Chicago after being away with my family on vacation in the States. We flew out with Air Canada and flew back in with United Airlines. The United Airlines aircraft was really dated, shocked when we entered the plane. The inflight entertainment I rate 1/10, the food served I rate 3/10. The flight itself was smooth but overall we were not impressed at all. The children had a good experience with Air Canada, they were able to charge their phones on the flight, Air Canada inflight entertainment was also very good. Our conclusion is that we won't fly United Airlines again after today's experience. Good luck to whoever does!"
"I have taken buses that were better equipped for long travel. This was shockingly bad. The \"entertainment\" on a 12+ hour flight from Chicago to Tokyo consisted of failed TV pilots and box office duds. If you wanted to watch anything decent you had to download their app which was impossible as the wifi kept cutting out after less than a minute. They offer web service for $17.00 which was suggested to me to try in order to watch the \"free\" movies. Classic ambush. They charge you for food in between the free meals which were over 9 hours apart. Just a brutal experience. Staff were passable but weren't good enough to compensate. Never again."
"We ordered the flights a month before and when we got to the airport they switched our airplane to a smaller one so put us all in different seats. You have to pay $7.99/hr to watch regular cable and Internet is $3.99/hr and you can only visit aa.com. Next time will pay $10 more and fly Delta."
"Outbound EWR-LHR was a \"United\" Crew and service was fairly attentive to a full cabin. United has set up Biz Class in the B-767-300's as half the seats facing f'wd and half aft. Entertainment systems are set up in groups of four, two in each direction. Which means seat partners face in same direction. Although fairly tight for business class, lie-flat seats are comfortable. Food was average for an Atlantic run (nobody beats Aer Lingus) and timekeeping accurate. Return run was with a \"Continental\" crew on B-777 (No. 0001, the \"Gordon Bethune\" -wonder if they've got one named after Frank Lorenzo, LOL) with only two classes (Biz First and Coach), and service was first rate. The \"Continental\" pride still shows. EWR hub is working better than ever (and it's not an easy hub to deal with in the best of times)."
"I have flown quite a lot this year with multiple trips to Asia and Europe. Mostly on United because I get free upgrades to economy plus due to my frequent flyer status. I am quite tall so I need the extra leg room. However, I have to say most of the planes I got to fly in were very old, some with zero back of the seat entertainment (especially on flights from Chicago to Asia) and those that had back of the seat entertainment were on tiny screens where the films were looped. I cant figure out why United flies these poor planes on their long haul routes. In addition, the food on this airline is extremely bad - especially the breakfast."
"Left house at 10am for airport for a flight at 2pm. The flight was delayed an hour, and then another hour to look at the nose of their plane. Then they cancelled the flight and had to put me on a flight out of LAX instead. Instead of a couple of hours of traveling time, United Airlines made it a 12 hour travel day. A little girl was crying her eyes out, because she wouldn't make it to something very important. I understand that flights get cancelled, but they were not courteous nor expedient. No reimbursement or anything, if I had been late to something also, I would be doing much more than just a bad review."
"Pilot and flight attendants were excellent, but the staff at Miami airport were rude, unfriendly and unhelpful. When we asked them how to find a location in the airport, we got one word answers and a finger pointing us away from them. In addition to that, one of the staff yelled at us when we tried to talk to him about our delayed flight."
"My family and I spent the last few weeks preparing for my fathers new job in the Marshal Islands (Kwajalein). We were ready for our flight, which was supposed to depart at 6am. We were there an hour early. We had our tickets, confirmation numbers, all the paperwork. As we checked in, the staff member at the counter said we weren't on the flight. After 45 min of sitting and arguing they finally decided to honor the tickets (that were already paid for), but they said we couldn't make the 6.00 flight, because it was leaving in 10 min. All we got was, \"United doesn't do that.\" They got us another flight that left 7 hours later (1pm). They wouldn't pay for a meal, a rental car, new flight. After checking our bags which cost us $300 and failing to explain how the international date line works to the people at the counter, who also put us on an overbooked connection flight (a family of five). We are stuck in Lansing for 7 hours instead of Hawaii. United airlines turned our afternoon in Hawaii to the worst morning ever. We are currently waiting in the Airport. Hopefully the plane is decent."
"I was on flight UA1538 scheduled to depart EWR today 8/23/15 to West Palm Beach. My experience was nothing short of horrendous. I, along with many of the passengers on this flight, were appalled at the lack of customer service and communication regarding this flight. We boarded and deplaned twice over a 3 hour span due to mechanical problems, first waiting to see if there was another plane available or if the plane could be fixed, until it was declared that the flight was cancelled. Employee at the gate got said \"your flight is cancelled, go to customer service.\" No other information was given, no concierge came to speak with us, we were on our own with no other information about where to go, the luggage, departing flight alternatives, procedures, overnight accomodations, nothing. I asked a baggage handler what happened to our luggage, he said it would come off at carousel 9. Carousel 9 was under construction and another baggage personel told us that the bags were going on another flight to West Palm ahead of us. They put a call in to get my luggage and said, go to carousel 8. After another hour and a half later, the bags were still not there. Over a 5 hour span, there was no customer service to address any issues. I finally tracked down my luggage and proceeded to customer service to get an alternative flight. I was told everything was booked until the following evening. My friends looked online and found a few sooner flights with JetBlue. I finally got another flight reservation at 11.30 tomorrow morning, a connecting flight that will now take me 5.5 hours to fly a 2.5 hour route. I am amazed at the miscommunication and complete lack of compensation or customer attention afforded by United. Their personnel had no idea of anything, we all got different answers to the same questions and felt completely abandoned by United."
"My family and I were flying from London to Hawaii via Los Angeles. It was a 10 hour and 20 minute flight to Los Angeles and we were given only one meal. However on this particular aircraft we were given inflight entertainment which was brilliant. You could watch films, TV shows, Music videos, play games, all sorts, and they could be paused and rewinded. However the flight from LA to Honolulu was terrible. This was a 5 hour flight and we were given no food, food was available to buy but it basically cost an arm and a leg. There was inflight entertainment but you had to pay a ridiculous amount of money for it. On our 5 hour flight from Honolulu to San Francisco we were, again, given no food, however this time the inflight entertainment was free and was very good. On our flight from San Francisco back to London Heathrow, which was another 11 hour flight, we were given no inflight entertainment whatsoever. Not even a screen. There were communal screens, but what they were showing wasn't necessarily what everybody wanted to watch. It certainly wasn't what I wanted to watch. Overall I felt the flight attendant service was poor. They don't seem to be aware of their passengers. On many occasions when the attendant came by with a bin bag to collect the rubbish, we were just ignored, they didn't even turn to us to see if we had anything that needed putting in the bin. The seats were relatively comfortable but there was very little leg room. But all aircrafts were clean. Every flight that we were on departed late. It was my first time flying with United Airlines and, overall, I was very disappointed and will not be flying with them again."
"This was my first time flying United and I was a little apprehensive given the number of negative reviews. I did some searching in the internet prior to departing and found they use the 767-300 on the LHR-ORD route. A 25 year old 767. It shows. The cabin is extremely dated. One fellow passenger described the IFE as being like a 'sat nav' which I thought was an accurate description. Tiny, low def screen with no touch screen on demand facilities. Just films and music in a loop. I did like the ATC channel, however. The food was horrible. I know airline food is never great but I'll eat anything so it must have been bad. Additional snacks had to paid for. The crew were decent. They were polite and happy. I've flown transatlantic a fair few times and have found Delta, Virgin and BA all deliver a better service on nicer planes. Don't think I'll be using United again for this route until they up their game a little."
"Highly disappointed, as a family of 5 we were travelling to and from Orlando with United Airlines from London Heathrow. There had been a 4 hour delay travelling to Orlando due to technical issues and on our return journey 3 weeks later (20th Aug) there had been worse delays. Unfortunately a passenger took ill and an emergency landing was necessary to assist. Most passengers ended up sleeping in the airport, some with children. The airport was cold and we requested blankets however no response was offered re this request. The airline refused to assist with accomodation or vouchers for food, although before we landed the pilot informed passengers that those connecting would be assisted in this manner. The supervisor or service director, as called in the States, was so contentious and disrespectful towards passengers and made a comment saying that the pilot had no 'idea what he was talking about' regarding assistance with accomodation etc. This clearly showing lack of professionalsm on the part of the supervisor and lack of skills in overall customer services displayed by staff. No information had been shared with passengers and after queing for over 2 hours were told that our option would be to spend the rest of the morning (as it was 2am) in the airport. To top it off the next morning our flight was also delayed by almost 3 hours due to mechanical problems. I will not recommend this airline."
"Flight was cancelled (not weather related) and no announcement was given on the cancellation and then no direction or assistance given thereafter. The whole process to rebook took over 3 hours waiting in various lines and there was no explanation given or any sympathy and no vouchers at all. They would not even give airline credit despite there being no flights available the following day to my destination. Avoid this airline if at all possible."
"I paid for economy plus 2 weeks ago, and my seat was 10C. I paid 69 dollars. I had a boarding pass with seat 10C on it. I was called to the front because a United Airlines employee wanted to fly, and I had to give up my paid-for seat and sit in the back in economy class. So they don't care about their customers. Your seat doesn't mean you have one. Now I am told I have to go through a bunch of hoops to get my 69 dollars back."
"We flew United because we wanted a non-stop flight. We purchased business class tickets and were more uncomfortable than we could have imagined. The seats were cramped with no leg rests at all. My husband and I each fly over 150,000 miles per year and this was one of the worst flights. I was cold (no blankets to be found, apparently you have to request them) and luckily we had our own headphones as no headphones were passed out. There were no waters given for a five and a half hour flight as on other airlines we fly and the flight attendants only came through for drink requests once before the flight left and once during dinner service, other times I had to request refills of my water. I am surely not looking forward to my return flight this weekend."
"I recently flew to Mexico with United Airlines, the first flight wasn't bad, the crew was friendly and quick (it was a very small plane) and the seats were comfortable with lots of leg room. The second flight was a bit more cramped, I am a smaller person and I could barley squeeze into my seat, I was very uncomfortable for the 3 hour flight, the crew completely skipped over me and didn't ask if I, or anyone in the row in front of me wanted a beverage until I stopped them and asked. Overall the service was ok but inconsistent, and some seats are too small for even average sized customers."
"I booked with this airline because they used to be pretty good - I even paid a little extra for United. Experience: Food is awful on international flights. I was initially happy to see a gluten-free option for my meal, but it was dreadful. For breakfast they gave me a gluten-free cookie. My son (3 years old) received the ordinary meals and he did not like it. Our flight had 2 crew members for all of the economy section (for both Economy Plus and regular Economy). Food took forever to roll out and the beverage service was even longer. I bought 2 seats (1 for my 3 year old child and another for my 10 month old). I told United (on the phone, at the customer service desk, and also at the check-in desk) that when the child car seats are put into the plane seats, the person in the front cannot recline for their 7 hour flights. Each and every time they said they did not have the power to move me to the bulkhead. I accepted and sure enough this caused some frustration for the person who couldn't recline - and this happened on both the outgoing and incoming flights. I will fly anyone other than United."
"I flew a round trip from Detroit to LAX with a connecting flight each way. There was a delay for all of the 4 planes I flew on, and on the way there, there was a 2 hour delay. On the way back, there was a 1 hour delay and we sat in the plane while they fixed the air conditioning, and it was incredibly hot. I understand that they had to fix the plane's air conditioning, but they should have done that before we got on the plane and had to sit in that heat for an hour. Then I missed my connecting flight, and I got on a new flight (after talking to a very rude lady at customer service), and that flight was delayed because they didn't have any flight attendants for that plane, so they had to wait over an hour until they could get a new flight crew to come. I had an absolutely miserable experience with United for all 4 of my flights with them, and I will never fly with United again."
"I was very disappointed and astonished about the IFE. Some seats have no windows, there are no seat-back VOD (video on-demand) screens, or even AOD (audio on demand). No music, no personal screen, nothing. Instead, United Airlines thinks they can satisfy customers by putting super tiny full cabin projectors, virtually impossible to see clearly from a window (in this case \"wall\") seat that is farthest away from the screen, and play movies on them. I was okay with the movie selections, but little kids see this too, and most are PG-13. Very cramped seats with minimal recline made the trip even more uncomfortable. The Wi-Fi was not good either. Food was the ordinary stuff you get from United Airlines. Bathrooms take way too long to wait for, wherever you go. There are lines everywhere. Staff weren't very kind either. I will definitely avoid United Airlines Boeing 747s, if not United Airlines itself."
"Coming back with my girlfriend, her daughter, and her daughter's friend - our original flight was canceled. We were then booked on different flights - I mean 3 of us were booked on one flight and one of the 15 year old girls were booked on a separate flight. We called to correct this and were booked together on a flight, but when we got to the gate they had only 3 seats! Thus, I had to send the women ahead of me, even though the only adult had really never flown, is afraid of planes, and was nearly in tears going onto the plane. Not to mention that I am their only way home once they get to their destination. I talked with a supervisor, and her response was I am sorry and the conversation is over."
"United Airlines business class is the worst business class I have flown. They are far and away the worst US airline. Flight attendants are mostly awful. Planes are old and poorly equipped. Seats could not be smaller. Packed tight in business class. Their business class is barely above coach seating in a modern airline."
"Boarding the plane was no problem. An old United Airlines Boeing 747 but clean and in good condition. Was sitting beside the galley which was very noisy for most of the flight. Food was standard, I had a vegetarian pasta dish for lunch. It was ok, but small. Pre-landing snack was a turkey sandwich which was passable. I was surprised to see snacks being sold during the flight between meals. Other airlines would give out snacks for free on an 11 hour flight. Most of the flight crew were unfriendly and there was little communication from pilots or crew. The biggest disappointment was the entertainment. United Airlines do not have seat back entertainment on their 747's in economy. Instead there were just a few screens around the cabin. The screens were too far away from most seats, especially if you were sitting nearer the windows. Very disappointing that in 2015, a major airline would still operate like this on a long-haul flight. Fortunately I had laptop with me to access entertainment from United Airlines website, but on a number of occasions, internet access cut out stopping the films. Overall, a disappointing experience. In future, I will try and stay away from American carriers on transatlantic routes as European airlines offer much better service."
"The flight was delayed progressively from 45 minutes to 2 hours, which meant that all passengers with shorter connections than 2 hours would miss our connecting flights. The staff at the gate would not do anything to help several passengers get re-routed and had no problem saying other flights were \"oversold\", as was this flight to begin with. The gate staff was basically put on the spot when other passengers and I had already looked into our options online and they would have no choice but to at least check for availability. In short: terrible customer service at the gates. Eventually I was re-routed to Denver after discovering that both the Chicago and the Houston flights (second option) were oversold. The plane to Denver was old and not well kept. On top of that, one of the gate employees wanted to check all of the wheeled carry-on luggage of boarding group 4, even when she was told many of us had short connections. I was not going to risk having my carry-on stayed in Denver at this point. In addition, when we arrived in Denver the flight that was departing from the nearby gate to Eugene, OR was canceled for crew reasons. United Airlines need to solve their staff, crew and airplane issues. By the way, none of the flight delays could be explained by bad weather."
"We arrive at STL airport to find that we are a minute late to be able to check our baggage. They then schedule us on the next flight which means we now have a layover and will be getting to our destination two hours late. After waiting for our new flight to board we are notified that our flight is late and we will have to take a different flight now which will make us now another hour late on top of the other two hour delay. To top it all off they didn't have two seats available together and not once did a staff member apologize."
"United timeliness and organization was sub par both going to and coming back from Chicago. Delayed 1.5 hours on departing flight, with no text messages or updates from United. Return flight boarded relatively on time, though very disorganized with sorting out room for people's carry-owns, only to sit in a cloud of jet fumes for 45 min on the runway. Captain took half an hour just to come on and explain the hold up. Leg room in coach is even less than other airlines. I recommend flying elsewhere."
"We booked tickets through Lufthansa and were reassured that we would get everything we had ordered. When my children and I got to the plane we weren't given the seats we had ordered. In fact the agent tried to blame me for not telling her about my request. When I said that we were told on the phone that everything was reserved she snapped it's reserved but not guaranteed. I did get the seats though. Our ordered children's meal never arrived since they discontinued it according to the flight attendant who spoke with me. the other flight attendant told a different story to the other families. I asked for the cot and was told that my daughter was too long. I will conclude by saying it was on of the worst flying experiences."
"Rather old aircraft, however, business class is modern and fully-flat seats are comfortable. Inflight entertainment is ok, however a bit limited when it comes to music content. Appereance of some crew members was poor. Furthermore, attentiveness was not of its best, eg. no water was supplied after the main service. Food and beverages, I have had worse but also better food in business class. Wines were nothing to complain about, although crew were not very attentive when it came to refills. Cabin floor was not very clean on boarding the aircraft. Airport Lounge (Los Angeles) Delta Airport Lounge Terminal 7 with limited space, limited selection of food and alcoholic beverages, eg. needs to be paid extra. One of the worst lounges I have seen so far."
"United Airlines Business class seats are comfortable for a 3 hours flight, although they are not fully-flat. Use of inflight entertainment system needs to be paid extra, which is highly disappointing in business class. Service of crew in business class was very slow, inefficient and not attentive. Instead of serving the customers cabin crew were having a good time while talking in the kitchen. Food and beverages, apart from that they run out the food I wanted to order, the food itself was poor and not fresh. Airplane was not clean. Airport service in Houston, since the plane arrived with a major delay I missed my connection flight (Delta flight as well). I was advised to consult the ground staff to organise my onward journey. The lady at the ground desk was unfriendly, very demotivated and slow. This was the frist and the last time flying with United Airlines."
"I upgraded online in Costa Rica prior to the flight to four premium economy seats for my family, which were in an exit row. Upon boarding, we were informed that since my grandson was only 6 years old, he could not sit in the exit row. This information did not appear anywhere on the United Airlines website. He and his mother were changed to two premium seats in the front bulkhead and we were had to keep our two premium seats in the exit row over the engine, and with no window shades. The noise was unberable, and flying into the early morning sun with no window shade was blinding. The FA dealt with this situation by inserting a flight safety procedures card into the window frame and then a folded newspaper which kept falling out. No explanation or apology for the missing window shade was ever given. We asked twice to change seats, as ultimately did the couple sitting in the other two premium seats in the exit row. We finally received two premium seats but in separate parts of the cabin. When I asked the FA for a can of ginger ale, she responded that she would first have to serve the other pasengers and would give me the can only if she had any left over. Finally she brought me an opened can with a flat beverage. No other beverage service was offered, nor any food for purchase on the 3.5 hour flight. The disembarking in Toronto was at an off-gate location: we descended down a very steep stairs onto the unsheltered tarmac until our suitcases were unloaded, and were then required to walk on the tarnac for 20 minutes to the Customs area. This is not the first time that I have had a totally unacceptable experience flying with United Airlines, the last being in their Global First Class cabin to South America. United Airlines seems to be firmly in the lead in the race to the bottom, and is apparently determined to keep this unenviable position. Disgraceful, again!"
"First flight of our trip was delayed. Attendants said maintenance issues were reported the night before but not addressed. Mechanic showed up late. 1.5 hour delay caused us to miss our connecting flight. En-route we were told connecting flight had also been delayed but that we should be able to make it. We were told they were expecting us. Me, my wife, and my two small children ran across the airport. When we arrived we were told that they had sold our seats to stand by. The plane was delayed an additional 2 hours. My connecting flight actually left 8 hours later. We missed an entire day in Costa Rica. For compensation I was offered a $7 meal voucher that didn't work at the majority of facilities in Houston Airport. It did work at a fast food restaurant, but was not enough to cover even a basic meal. Certainly not \"the friendly skies\" as advertised and certainly not customer oriented."
"Our scheduled flight to Baltimore was initially delayed, due to a reported air conditioning service issue, and then cancelled. As soon as the flight was cancelled on the gate placard, attendants at the gate indicated that they were unable to answer questions about alternatives because their shift was ending. They referred all of the passengers to a service area a few hundred yards away. The people at that service desk indicated that they were busy and would take hours to answer questions, and in turn referred us to another service desk that supposedly had no crowd. The second service desk was more crowded than the first but eventually got to us. They informed me that they could not get me to Baltimore that day but that they could get us to Washington and provide a shuttle to Baltimore, free of charge. We were then sent to a gate that had been double-booked. After United reassigned the gate (another cross-terminal jaunt), we learned the fight to Washington had been delayed. When we finally did arrive at Washington, the United attendants there indicated we were on our own to Baltimore. This lack of dependability, customer service, and honoring promises-based on my experience-has become a hallmark of United over the last two years. I will not fly United again, regardless of rates or schedule."
"We flew from Santiago to Houston and had a connection to Louisville. We arrived early in the morning in Houston and one hour later our connection flight to Louisville was cancelled. They offered no explanation and said that the best they could do was to send us to Cincinnati and from there we had to drive (2 hours) to Louisville. No apologies, no offer to pay for the car rental. No customer care. They said that was the only option and if I did not like it there was nothing they could do. They said all other flights were booked."
"The flight from Fort Myers to Pittsburgh was okay, though the first aircraft to Newark was the most cramped seating I have experienced. I am 5 ft tall but it was impossible to move at all. My knees were jammed against the seat in front of me. My flight from Pittsburgh to Newark coming home on August 2nd was cancelled due to no crew being available. United rebooked me on a 5.30 am flight the next morning. I needed to be back Sunday night, so I called United to rebook. After waiting 40 minutes, I finally spoke to an agent and I was rebooked on Delta. Since I had already checked in to the original United Flight and paid a $25 baggage fee, I asked if I would have to pay an additional $25 to Delta. The answer was \"yes\" but in theory I could easily get a refund online. I spent 1.5 hrs on the phone with United attempting to do this. As I write this I am still on hold."
"Have been travelling from Ireland on a round the world ticket for last 6 weeks. By far the worst airline we have used. Service on this flight very mediocre. Senior flight attendant sour and unwelcoming. Bright and bubbly with her colleagues - not so much with the passengers. Only flight that did not have complimentary food and the available snacks to purchase were poor. This flight was 7.10 am so many hadn't eaten. Next flight to San Francisco slightly better, the air hostess was much friendlier. Inflight entertainment? What was that? Had to purchase earphones - entertainment woeful. Would avoid this airline in the future"
"Every time I fly United something happens to derail my trip or make my trip miserable. This trip we missed our connecting flight because we sat on the tarmack in Boston for an hour because they were having delays in loading luggage. We missed our connecting flight by 10 minutes and are now stuck overnight in Denver. So let me see, they could have waited 5-10 minutes for us to make our scheduled flight, or not wait and pay hotel and food for two people. What kind of business sense is that? This was my last straw with United - I will avoid this airline at all costs."
"My experience took a full 2 days when it should have taken only 15 hours. My family was booked with Delta. Our route was from PSA-JFK-ORD which would be operated by a 757-200. That aircraft was broken so we were rebooked with Lufthansa on a flight that would have taken us to PSA-MUC-ORD. Our flight to Munich was supposed to take off at 1pm, we waited 5 hours until we could board. The flight to Munich was operated by Air Dolomiti, we had a 1 hour 40 minute layover and I had a window seat on the long haul flight so I was happy. The boarding process was fast. Once we had boarded one passenger decided that he wanted to get off the plane, that took an hour but the crew handed out refreshments and candy while we waited. When we took off we were 1 hour 20 minutes behind schedule and I knew that we had missed our flight. Our only hope was that it too was delayed (which it wasn't). When we arrived at MUC there were vans that would take people right to their connection from the plane. Unfortunately ORD was not among the destinations. We, after spending 5 hours in a small airport had go and spend another hour in line at the Lufthansa desk. We were booked on a flight the next day with United Airlines. The next day we went to the United check-in and everything went smoothly. After the security checkpoint we had to do three more passport checks and one more baggage check before we were in departure for the U.S. Here we waited for 1.5 hours with no seats. We still hadn't gotten our seats so when last call had begun we marched up to the gate and demanded them. On the flight we had an 80's television and some okay food, nothing special. The seats were uncomfortable and I didn't sleep one bit. We arrived on time only to find a large amount of international arrivals so the arrivals area was chaotic. In the Baggage Hall there were mountains and rows of luggage just taken off the conveyor belt just to make space for more arrivals. Then once the luggage came we had to wait for at least an hour to go through the last inspection and then we we were home free."
"Everytime I fly with this airline there is a 3 or more hour delay due to \"awaiting aircraft.\" One time is was because the pilot was in a different city and had to get to Boston to fly out, which took 5 hours! Another time the plane was awaiting the crew which was coming from a different city apparently. Then the plane was just delayed leaving its first departure city and we were never told why just that as soon as it gets in we would be on our way. This is just ridiculous. First off I had a connection flight and was not notified of the delay. Secondly, they had no one at the desk to assist customers trying to find a new flight and when I finally found someone at a different gate, who was semi helpful, she informed me that the next flight out would be 15 mins before my new scheduled departure time. So in my experience this airline is all about delays if your current flight is coming from another city. I get it, things happen but this airline really needs to improve its punctuality. I only took this flight this time beacuse of my miles and I was disappointed again."
"Delays were not announced to passengers in a timely manner and lack of assistance in order to accommodate or aide in booking other flights for customers to either reach their connecting flights or to their destinations was displeasing. The way the United Airlines handled my partner's luggage that was left behind at our originating destination was a stressful start to our trip. Upon arriving at the airport around 5.45pm to catch our 8.20pm flight, flight 5237, from Sacramento to Los Angeles, on Monday July 20 2015, we checked in promptly and breezed through security. We sat by the gate with a plane that sat there for as long as we had, little did we know this was our plane. By the time boarding came around, our flight was delayed for another hour, occurring multiple times for the next few hours. It was my hope that during the initial delay the service desk would help customers explore other options to reach connecting flights and/or destinations to avoid delays or issues upon arriving in Los Angeles. We were worried about missing our connecting flight the entire time. The second delay hits and people began to be frantic and changed flights. My party and I anxiously wondered if we were going to make our connecting flight or if we needed to rebook online. We called customer service a few times to inquire about alternative options but were never offered alternatives until hours later right before the last delay was lifted after 11am and needed to quickly decide on either taking the flight or flying out of another airport. I am baffled at the lack of customer service. My second and major complaint was the issue with our checked luggage getting left behind in Sacramento as we made our way to Cancun. We checked in before 6pm and sat at the terminal looking at the same airplane the entire time until we boarded it only to find out my luggage was never placed on the same plane."
"I have travelled to the USA on many occasions mainly to visit family and go on shopping sprees. I mainly use United Airlines as I always found them to have competitive prices and good baggage allowances. However on my last few trips the free baggage allowance was reduced from two bags to one. Last week my bag was only 4 lbs overweight and I was charged the enormous amount of $200. I realise that there are reasons for charging for overweight bags, but there are plenty customers who are overweight and are not charged extra for seats and there was also lots of youngsters travelling with 2 large pieces of hand luggage struggling to carry bags along the aircraft walkway. I think it's wrong that an average size and weight customer gets charged a huge amount for a 4lb overweight bag."
"The brand of this airline is \"Friendly\". Well, I must say they are everything but friendly. Not a single smile in ground nor during the flight. No thank you, no complete sentences when they throw the food to the passengers like cattle. Rude, arrogant staff not speaking foreign languages. Any European airline, even the worst, is better than any American airline. At least nowadays."
"We booked our family of four on a flight 7 months. After several flight number and times changes we just learned that our 8 and 7 year old have seats 10 rows away from us and each by themselves. We call 56 days before traveling and the only way we can make a change is is giving them more money or wait until the day of travel and rely on the kindness of stranges. Will never fly United again. ."
"United uses A320 on too many longer flights within the United States. They are annoying and uncomfortable. They \"upgraded\" their seats after merging with Continental which really means a downgrade. They crammed more seats on their airbus airplanes making legroom even more restricted. They removed all forms of entertainment from their fleet. I used to be able to listen to the radio in the armrests with my own headphones, but they removed them and I am incredibly bored, cannot get to sleep because of how uncomfortable the seats are now! They don't use the television screens that fold down anymore, they have incredibly rude and unhelpful employees. United Airlines is expensive for the quality of service you get."
"As a child our family always flew United. However, it has gotten progressively worse through the years to the point that I would rather pay a more for a ticket than fly United ever again. Our family of 5 (one of whom was a special needs daughter) was to fly from Buffalo to Chicago to San Francisco to Anchorage where we were to then start our Alaskan cruise. Upon arriving at Buffalo, the check in machine didn't work right. The lady behind the counter was nice enough but said she could not help us with gate-to-gate connection (e.g. passenger carts) as that was something \"you didn't do\" and simply didn't seem to care that we had a need. In Chicago we sat on the tarmack for almost an hour before we took off, causing us to get in late in SF for our connecting flight to Anchorage. We ran to our gate as best we could with our special needs daughter, saw our plane sitting at the gate, but weren't allowed to get on due to the gangway being pulled away from the plane already even though the United personnel told us, \"Oh, we knew you were coming. We just couldn't wait for you.\" To make matters worse United booked us on a flight to Anchorage for the next night. In the end we got flights on Alaska Airlines and got into Anchorage about 2:30am which allowed us time to sleep in our booked hotel room before making the trip to Seward by bus, getting us there in plenty of time to board our ship. Alaska Airlines personnel were superb in demeanor, helpfulness, and care, something that United personnel were seriously lacking. Our return trip from Vancouver, BC to Buffalo started out much differently than when we went. The staff in Vancouver were helpful and courteous. But once we got to Chicago, they were anything but! I think the personnel of United Airlines in the US could take a few lessons from those from our Vancouver neighbors. We have had other unacceptable experiences in the past with United Airlines but this one takes the cake and is really the one that put us over the edge. No more United Airlines for this family!"
"Since there is only one flight a day to Aguadilla PR from Newark we have taken this flight a number of times, it is always late. In January, the delay was due to \"insufficient crew\" this time, the almost 1.5 hour delay was due to \"awaiting aircraft\". This flight had incredibly cramped seats that are hard and have almost no recline. The pocket in fron of the seat was very low on the seat in front so that when I put my book in the pocket it bulged out so much that I had to keep my knees apart. The entertainment is only for a $7.99 fee per person, and there was only one offer of a four ounce cup of a liquid for the entire 3.5 hour flight. United planes are new so this uncomfortable seat situation is going to continue, I would avoid United if at all possible. Fares are also higher than other carriers."
"We booked our family vacation months in advance and had chosen seat assignments at that time so my family could all sit together 4 of us going down 6 of us coming back. We get to the airport and go to talk to customer service prior to the flight to try and do a seat adjustment no one was there and they did not show until 10 min prior to boarding. The agent was very rude with my wife and refused to help and told her to talk to other passengers on the plane. We board the aircraft brand new to find that the seats were so close together that at 6 Feet tall my knees were in the seat in front of me and the entertainment system did not work. We board our second flight, I sit down and literally have the seat back cave in with an audible pop. The seats should have been replaced years ago by the time we got off the aircraft 5 hours later my wife and I could barley walk. Coming back and go to drop off the bags they had 6 lines going and one attendant, get our boarding passes and they had us divided up all over the aircraft, talked to the gate attendant his response we have been paging you and was very rude with us. I have a type one diabetic and a 3 yo that needs someone to ride with them, after fighting with them got it fixed meanwhile my other 2 children had to sit elsewhere on the plane and not with us. The trip home had two layovers and this same thing happened at every one. I watched one agent belittle another passenger over how to stow a bag without even offering to assist. Their customer service is awful, their only saving grace is the flight attendants were pleasant and friendly."
"I was traveling to Las Vegas for a short 2 day trip with my family of 4. My flight was scheduled for around midday. Fifteen minutes before the flight my Dad received an email saying the flight was delayed until 2.30. I was annoyed but ok about the 2 hour wait. Then he received another email saying that the flight had been delayed until 9.15, this is unnacceptable as this was a 9 hour wait and we had different things booked in Las Vegas for my family to attend. We had recieved no apology until my Father went to customer services and we recieved different seats on our plane which didn't even make a difference. This inconvenience wasted a day of our trip and I certainly do not recommend flying with United Airlines."
"On Sunday, June 14th, my family and a close friend took a flight from Newark Airport which should have connected in Toronto to a flight to Dublin, Ireland. Unfortunately, because the Captain of the flight did not turn up for his passengers, the flight was delayed for approximately 3 hours. (United Airlines staff in Newark informed us that this was the reason why we were delayed.) This was not a weather-related incident. In any event, this delay caused us (and others, I believe) to miss the connection in Toronto. We were not rebooked to another flight. Instead I was told that all of United's flights that night and following day were \"oversold\". I asked if we could fly home and was told that that would take days as well. The customer service rep in Toronto was particularly nasty and actually slowed down the entire process by training a new employee while talking to us. It should be noted, that I was traveling with my 5 year old daughter who had not eaten for many hours and the slow processing and communications by this rep meant that nearly all of the shops and restaurants in the airport had closed down for the night. I asked if we could be put on another airline and was told that this was 'not allowed'. I also asked if we could get a flight somewhere near Dublin and was only offered a flight to Turkey or Frankfurt the next night. The rep did not offer hotel vouchers or food vouchers or any practical resolution, but only intentionally took her time scanning flights. The employee finally got us a flight to London the next night and rooms in the adjacent hotel. If we had not fought for hours, late at night, we would have been left to sleep in the chairs of the airport with my 5 year old daughter. While I am grateful that we finally were able to get on another flight - to London, then Dublin through British Airways - we missed 2 days of our trip. Coming home we had another ordeal with United. The return flight which was changed to a departure in Dublin to Washington D.C. and then, on to LaGuardia was actually worse. While turbulence cannot be helped, one of the flight attendants hit her head. This meant that paramedics had to care for the attendant first, which delayed our flight and caused us to miss our flight home. I had to rent a car to get home. I will never fly United again."
"On my e-confirmation it clearly states “meal”. After about an hour in the air I asked the FA when meal service would begin, I was told there was no meal service on this flight. No sense to question her about what my confirmation states and what happens as it is out of her control. However, it does state on the website, in-flight services, Business/Business First, Meals and beverages: Pre-departure beverage service Complimentary beverages, including beer, wine, spirits, soft drinks and freshly brewed coffee Meal service on flights longer than two hour - my flight was nearly 3 hours. The next leg, while I was sitting in the cabin and freezing, I asked for a blanket, and was told there are no blankets on this flight. It was the usual poor attitude FA’s present on the regional jets. For a long time I was a loyal customer."
"My entire experience with United this weekend was a total disaster. To begin, my flight from Denver to Bend on Friday night was cancelled last minute due to no availability of pilots. They actually scanned our boarding passes in and had us lined up ready to get on the plane just to have us turn around and go back inside to later find out our flight would be cancelled. We then had to fly to Eugene instead, rent a car, and drive 2.5 hours to get to our destination (Bend). Then, I was told my bag would arrive at our place of stay the next morning. I did not receive my bag until 7pm on the 17th. Then, as if this wasn't enough to deal with on our way there, my flights coming home were a disaster as well. We had to return our rental car to Redmond rather than Eugene as that's where our flight was leaving on Sunday. Then, the flight from Redmond to Denver was \"overweight\" due to temperatures in the area. We had to wait until 5 people volunteered to change flights before our flight could leave. I get to Denver only to find out my flight from Denver to SLC was delayed. Not to mention, I already had a 3 hour layover and this delay made it 4+ hours. The flight continued to get delayed and didn't end up leaving Denver until about 1am. I did not get home until 3am. I am completely upset with my entire United experience and will not be flying United again. The customer service was awful. None of the employees even knew what was going on and when approached with a question they were unbelievably disrespectful."
"Flight cancelled due to maintenance! United and American follow a breakdown maintenance policy which causes a lot of inconveniences to passengers. This is the fourth time in a few months that this happened to me with United as well as AA. I tried United and American as an alternative for Delta but they cannot compete."
"Never have I seen such laziness and attitude from a flight crew. We were supposed to fly from Newark to St. John's, but we had to turn around due to \"weather\". I then checked the weather, it was mainly cloudy. No weather whatsoever. Then, when we landed in Newark, we had to wait in line for an hour, then we finally got seats on a plane the next morning, and we stayed at the Marriott Newark. The next morning, our flight was pushed 7 times. Yes, 7 times, because the runway was \"wet\" until it finally got cancelled. I had to wait in line for 3 hours until someone booked me another flight connecting with Air Canada, which is an excellent airline. Never have I had any problems with Air Canada. This is the first and last time I will be flying with United Airlines."
"First of all there is absolutely no leg room on United airplanes. I'm not a very tall fellow standing only 5 feet and 10 inches tall and I still had hardly any leg room. Plus, I'd rather sit in a metal folding chair instead of the seats that United has. About halfway through the flight the attendant starting offering drinks. She offered a drink to both the other people in my row and then looked me in the eye and kept on going without offering me a drink. I had asked her in a loud enough voice so she could hear me as to why she didn't offer me a drink and all she told me was I needed to keep my voice down. Then she kept on walking."
"Nice stewardesses but terrible flight, very uncomfortable seats and cramped airplane. Plus, they charged me an extra $100 for excess baggage while I had only 2 bags and was traveling overseas. They told me well you can have 2 bags for overseas but you are traveling in the US right now so you have to pay and mind you all their flights are going to be within US first before going to Europe where I was going however no where I was told about this. So in effect, they charge you $100 more for the ticket without telling you up front. Oh wait, yes they tell you in a fine print somewhere in the 3 page document. However, I have traveled with many other airlines and none did that to me."
"I paid an extra $52 to upgrade my seat. The staff were not overally friendly. The two ladies that were in charge of first class were needless to say unpleasant and just had an attitude about them is the nicer way of saying it. I went to the washroom in first class because the line up was very long at the back of the plane, and since I was sitting right behind first class and no one was using the washroom at the time I decided to go use it. As soon as I walked up to use the washroom I got dirty glares from both female flight attendants, one which said you cannot use this washroom and I kindly explained how the line was extremely long at the back of the plane. She proceeded to let me use the washroom after rolling her eyes at me. I have never had a good flight ok United or Air Canada. They are rude and disrespectful and I'm not the first one to say that."
"This flight was originally scheduled to leave Tulsa on the 10th and return on the 17th. With no explanation of any kind the flight was cancelled. I was forced to rebook both flight and hotel based on leaving on the 8th. On the 8th the plane was 2.5 hours late leaving Tulsa and part of that time was spent sitting on tarmac. We missed connection in Denver. We were then placed on standby for a flight scheduled to arrive in Denver at approximately 3.00 pm. That flight was delayed over 3 hours! We discovered it had been oversold so the odds of making that flight were nil. We were forced to rent a car and drive 5 hours to Gunnision. The return trip was worse, if thats possible. The flight was scheduled to leave at noon. The first announcement was that flight was delayed. Then flight was cancelled - allegedly on the basis of mechanical problems. We were able to determine that the plane in question was still flying and headed for its next destination-leaving Gunnison passengers stranded. We were agin forced to drive to Denver to catch a Southwest flight leaving at 9 pm. The worst single travel experience I have ever endured."
"Flight was originally supposed to take off at 5.45pm. We finally boarded flight at 6pm due to the pilot being late. We sat on plane for 35mins before pilot arrived and once he did he explained that we were now on rush hour time at O'Hare, so we will be waiting another 20 min before takeoff. It is is 6.50pm and we have not taken off."
"My flight was delayed which caused me to miss my connection in San Francisco to Baltimore. When I inquired about new arrangements I was told they would fly me to DC and it was up to me to get home from their. I asked if they would put me in a cab to get back to my car at BWI and was told no. United informed me that all the hotels were booked up. No apology. No remorse. No empathy. Then the plane I was taking to DC was delayed."
"United changed our outbound flights to our vacation destination so we missed 1/2 day vacation. Return, cancelled our flight from Newark to Detroit. Yes, gave us a room, and a whopping $14.00 for food and booked us on a flight to get us to Detroit 24 hrs later. Cost us additional parking, 1 full day of eating in airports, and a full day not spent with Family as planned. I will never again fly United if it is up to me."
"You just spent $1800 on a Economy R/T flight to Spain. The initial snack was a small piece of cheese and two crackers. The meal hours later was bland tasteless turkey loaf, canned over cooked green beans, puree sweet potato, brick mango sorbet. Remember you paid $1800 dollars for this. 2 hours out of SFO on the return flight breakfast was served. A small sandwich arrives. It is extremely cold, practically frozen. One small slice of cheese and ham. Interestingly the outer wrapping states: warmable! Remember, this is a $1800 flight. Few fellow passengers are thrilled with this breakfast treat. What is wrong with this picture? Would you fly United if this happened to you?"
"First flight from Tampa to Houston was delayed by only a few minutes. But by the time we got off the plane to run down to our connecting flight, we were alerted (via the schedule boards, not staff) that our flight to Portland suddenly had a 4.5 hour delay. It was 8.30 by this time, so by the time the plane had arrived (late) and let its current passengers disembark (which was not guided), they made an announcement that there was no flight crew for the plane and that the flight had been cancelled. What kind of company works this way? A completely full flight, not only shows up hours behind schedule, but all of the sudden has no crew? Complete blasphemy. Rude attendants. And not to mention lack of organizational skills. Never planning on flying this airline ever again, even though I signed up for their loosely promised rewards system. Not to mention the maze of an airport we got lost in just trying to find a taxi! Absolutely terrible."
"This is probably the worst airline I've flown. No entertainment, only a drink and peanuts and the worst service I have seen. The seats had little legroom and were very uncomfortable. This was a very disappointing experience, and I would not recommend this airline short-haul."
"I am sitting on the floor at gate 52 as a standby with my family to get on the plane. My 6 year old son is laying on his father because there is nowhere to get a proper rest. I understand the weather has been bad in Denver but we were in the customer service line for 2.5 hours after we missed our connecting flight due to the flight being diverted to Cheyenne Wyoming due to need of fuel and to get back to Denver airport took additional 2 hours. Everything was shut down by the time we were done with customer service and all hotels were fully booked, mind you its 12.00 midnight, how to get transportation to any hotels - no such arrangements were done by the airline. I did not mind paying for hotel out of my pocket but at least give proper directions or some guidance to help the people who were diverted not only due to weather but also due to low fuel. The hostess was so rude when my son asked for some water and was sent to his seat and told that they would be serving in few minutes. My 6 year old had been asking for water since we sat down on the plane, and only asked over 50 minutes. Total disregard for a little child."
"Stuck at Chicago airport waiting, and waiting, for my flight to Toronto. I will be bypassing United's cheap two or three-leg fares in future. In fact, I will be bypassing United altogether. Totally unreliable. Each of my three flights in the past 12 hours has been delayed extensively."
"The ticket was quite cheap. But the price you pay for that is a three-leg journey. Reading United reviews I was worried about on-time departures and making connections. Sure enough. United was late leaving Salt Lake City, late leaving Los Angeles and I will miss my connection in Chicago, arriving much later in Toronto. Its just as well I didn't check in luggage. There is no such thing as a cheap ticket."
"On our connecting flight they had to change the plane and 46 people lost their seats. The lucky ones who did not lose their seats ended up having a seat change. They boarded over 30 minutes late. My husband and I were separated because they allowed other passengers to take our seats. When trying to get seats near each other the stewardess didn't even attempt to fix the problem and basically told us that we could take a mother away from her kids to sit next to each other. Poor customer service, terrible timeliness, and complete lack of communication and urgency. If I could give this airline a zero rating, I would."
"When I was leaving from Denver to Houston it was during the national glitch. I couldn't check my bag because I was one minute past the time of being able to check my bag, they had to switch my flight to a later time. Then it was delayed. My gate had been changed. I walked to the new gate. The staff at the gate told me it was back at the other one, so I walked back and forth trying to figure out which gate I was at. Now leaving Houston to Denver, I got here at 5am, my gate was changed and my flight was delayed 2 hours, my original flight was at 7am and now it is at 9.35am so I don't get home until 11am or so."
"My son and I took a trip to New York leaving out of Shreveport and connecting in Houston. Not one time did the flights leave on time. Then on the return trip home, the flight attendant at the entrance of the plane was letting people on in groups. She sent my 9 year old son with a group in front of me. When I tried to tell her he was my son and didn't know where to go, she begrudgingly told me to \"go on then\", then went on to say \"it isn't like he's going anywhere anyway\". I told her I didn't like her attitude at all, and instead of being a professional, she continued to try to start an argument with me. Talk about lousy customer service. Will never fly United Airlines again."
"Staff were unfriendly and rude. Delayed leaving Dulles and delayed returning to Dulles. I am going to avoid flying United if at all possible."
"Very disappointed, arrived at airport at 6am for a 8am flight with a family of 9ppl only to find out that the plane was delayed till 10am and didn't actually leave till 11am, not pleasant when traveling with children. Our little one got sick on the flight and there were no bags, it looked like the plane had not even been properly cleaned before our delayed flight. I would also think that after having people waiting such a long period of time that they would offer something other than a beverage on the plane, they didn't even seem to have coffee for the travelers when the flight finally left. A very disappointing and stressful travel day."
"I flew on 6/13/15 from Kansas City to Detroit. Due to the bad weather the flight that was supposed to leave KC at 6.10pm didn't board until close to 7.30pm. The customer representative asked that people who had group 4/5 to please check in their bag since there would be no room on the aircraft. When I boarded there was at least 5 lockers that were empty, more than enough space to fit my tiny carry-on bag. After we boarded the captain announced that we would have to wait another 30/40 mins. When we reached Chicago Airport they couldn't give us a gate so we waited in the aircraft for another 30/45 mins. I got a message on my phone that my connecting flight had already departed and re- booked me on a 2.15 pm flight the next day. When I finally got to talk to a customer representative I told her my situation and that I had to get to Detroit, she was kind enough to book me on an American Airlines flight. By the time I got done doing all these things it was almost 1am, almost all stores/restaurant were closed."
"The initial flight Montreal-Chicago-Denver was re-routed through Washington because of weather in Chicago on the way to Denver. Because the flight was re routed, my return flight from Denver to Montreal was cancelled without any advice sent. The lack of respect for individuals, their time, agenda, obligations, etc, is frankly annoying."
"Just the worst company we have been flying with during our world tour. This is the only time in 10 years that we have seen such overbooking. You have to pay for everything, the seats canot be booked and couples are split up. Staff seem lazy and unpleasant. And of course there are delays. We put 1/10 because 0 is not possible."
"They do not offer family boarding. I was traveling with my five-month-old infant and had her strapped to my chest. I asked if I could get someone to help me with my bag she said that I should check it. I said I just needed assistance putting it in the overhead bin. No help. When I boarded I ask the flight attendant to please help me, she just looked at me and asked why is your bag heavy? I said no I have a baby strapped to my chest. She just kept staring at me and finally a male passenger helped me."
"I had an awful experience today. I showed up two hours before my flight to check in and check my bags. While we were checking in the system went offline. We were unable to print out our bag tags, along with maybe over 50+people. I tried to ask attendants for help, and they kept sending me to other people. Clearly a lack of training on their part. When I asked a blue shirt baggage attendant, she said it was most likely because I didn't have funds. Very uncalled for. 50+ people felt the same way. As the lines became longer they started to manually check in bags at \"Additional Services\". The staff were very engaging with only themselves. United waved their baggage fee, because all of our flights were delayed due this unfortunate event. Apparently this also happened 6 weeks ago. When we arrived to Punta Cana, our bags never arrived. When I contacted customer service, they said they had no idea where our bags were. Will not be using their services again."
"Never in my life have I had so many delays. Also, their system has some sort of glitch today so apparently that means that had to cancel a ton of flights and delay many others. I'm in the military and needed to be home by midnight because that's when my leave ended, no one could help accommodate me and the people at the check in counter were not very friendly. I will never fly United again."
"This entire trip has been a fiasco. My first flight was 4 hours late, and my second flight 3 hours late. Communication to the travelers was either inaccurate or non existent. The Newark gate representative was yelling at another customer when I approached the kiosk, and was belligerent. I think that UA could have taken more care to have a plane, or crew, or whatever available as promised. I paid my fare on time."
"Flight at 5.21pm was cancelled due to scheduled maintenance, which I understand. What I don't understand is why there wouldn't be another aircraft in use if they knew there was a flight scheduled. Then departure was scheduled for another flight 3 hours later at 9.00pm. Three hours later arrived, but still no sign of an aircraft. Now, the reason for an additional 2 hour and 5 minute delay was \"a late inbound aircraft coming from OH\". They can't figure out what is going on, maintenance or a late inbound aircraft? The original departure at 5:21pm turned into a departure of 11.00pm. I call customer service and the rep was rude, didn't let me finish talking before she cut me off and didn't listen to my questions. I forgot that I disliked flying with United. I last flew w/them 7 years ago and was so upset at the lack of organization, delayed flights, small and uncomfortable seats and poor service by the staff. I vow to never fly with United ever again!"
"I have a huge problem with United overbooking flights. We arrived at the Durango airport 1 hour before our flight and were told the flight was overbooked and we could not board. There were available seats, but they were upgrades so we would have to pay the additional cost. That doesn't make sense to me. United sells more economy tickets than there are economy seats on the plane and then expects me to either pay more money to fly or spend the night, at my expense, in Durango. They should have just given us the seats. My son was on a flight leaving Durango after ours for Denver and because of delays missed his connecting flight for Oklahoma. After waiting in a line where passengers were receiving hotel vouchers, he was told in a very matter of fact tone that he did not qualify for a voucher. He eventually got his voucher but he did not need to go through what he went through to get it."
"I have recently flown to Guadalajara (Mexico) with United from Tokyo. NRT-IAH was on a Boeing 777 The seat has nothing to do with any modern airliner seat. Its comfort is at the limit of acceptance level, all they provide is a foldable tray which does not even have a glass holder. There is the latest in-flight entertainment system which comes actually with a very small screen. It hung 3 times while watching movies. One more time, it is relatively new but not comparable with modern systems. The service on board (if it can be called service) was the worst service I have had in the last 10 years. The crew were not polite, and didn't ask once anything like \"Can I offer you something to drink?\" instead they look at you without saying anything, until you say what you want. If you are not fast enough they are gone. IAH-GDL was on Embraer RJ145 I wonder how they can operate this route with such small airplane when GDL airport is able to handle bigger airplanes. You can't even stand up on this plane. Overall, my review is totally negative. It is like going back 30 years. Never again."
"I flew from Tulsa to Houston to Veracruz all on the same plane with the same crew. The flight attendant was great, but no one on the crew spoke any Spanish. We circled Vera Cruz two times and couldn't land because of weather. We landed in Tampico and 90% of the passengers did not know what was going on because all the announcements were in English! 2 hours later we got fuel and tried again to land in Vera Cruz, we landed in Acapulco at 4am. Basically a 3 hour flight turned into a frustrating scary 21 hours, ending in me purchasing another one way flight and not being refunded. United seems unorganized and incompetent. Why would you send a plane to Mexico with a crew who know no Spanish."
"Sitting in the airport flight is now 1.5 hours late. All but 1 United flight in this terminal are hours late. Weather is great, rep can't give a reason for these outrageous delays, \"we are waiting for the aircraft\". Consumer be warned, avoid United."
"I was supposed to leave at 11 am to Dallas connect to RS, instead waited for 10 hours in LA airport, then I was sent to San Francisco, waited 4 hours for a flight to Chicago and from there to Fort Myers. The trip was over 24 hours. The say it's the weather but really I think they overbooked. The planes have the most uncomfortable seats. Talk about a nightmare!"
"Without question, the most unhelpful ground staff that I have encountered and I travel almost weekly both internationally and domestically. The aircraft cabin crew were great. The aircraft was an old (very old!) Boeing 767-300, and the \"Premium Economy \" seats were a joke. The aircraft was delayed by 3 hours in Newark because of \"the inbound aircraft not being available\" and when the aircraft finally did arrive, it developed a \"computer fault\" that further delayed departure by another hour. What I found incredibly frustrating was the complete lack of customer service by United staff at Newark. They obviously view customers as a hindrance. Never again."
"Crew were rude and unhelpful. The aircraft they use for a 10-hour flight from São Paulo to Washington barely has any entertainment system - its just a bunch of tiny TV sets with a fixed programme. I could perhaps be a little more understanding if the ticket prices were lower than the average, which they're not! To top this experience, my connecting flight was delayed 4 hours, was overbooked and not a penny was offered for food or anything."
"The employee demanded she check our bags claiming there was no room on the aircraft when we weren't even done boarding. They then let everyone board the plane, leave us sitting there for about 20 minutes only to tell us the flight was cancelled. A stewardess came on the intercom and told us that they knew 2 hours before boarding that the crew was going to time out but management wouldn't allow them to cancel the flight until after everyone boarded! We were then told that the next flight out wasn't until 9.40 the next morning leaving us stranded in Washington overnight. We were told that all hotels in the area were booked but then found out they were giving away rooms to others. The employees were joking around about getting to go home and sleep while we all got to sleep in the airport."
"2.5 hours waiting in line for the customer service desk for United Airlines, becuase my earlier flight was canceled because of \"bad weather\". I finally got to the desk to be told I would have too wait another 25 hours. I am currently waiting and I am on standby. I will not be traveling with United again."
"Flight on my way from Jacksonville to Washington (final destination Italy) was cancelled for 17 hrs due to weather. Then on my flight back from Chicago to Jax another 3 hr delay. The flight attended brushed off as if I was ridiculous about making a fuss since \"people wait 8 hrs for flights Miss\". I don't pay $2000 round trip for over 20 hrs of cancellations and delays : will avoid this airline if at all possible!"
"Flew out of HNL to SFO on a tired Boeing 777-200 with no seatback videos. The boarding is similar to Southwest as you line up in group numbers. The problem is that we paid for an economy plus seat and still had to wait at the end to board. The flight crew was average but what upset me was that a poor woman with limited English asked the flight attendant for some water so she could take medication before take off. She was pointing at what she needed in the galley and the flight attendant screamed at her and threatened her with disembarkation. For a five hour Pacific crossing all we got was one drink service and food purchase which is unacceptable. After a four hour stopover we boarded again with the same procedure. Once we got on our way the flight attendants provided their usual sub standard service. However, as this was a single aisle aircraft some passengers needed to go the bathroom and with drink service going on the access to the bathroom was restricted. The flight attendants in first class made sure that the economy passengers stayed in their section. All I can say is that flying domestically is more or less not worth it. Luckily, majority of my trip including two flights on Air New Zealand who treated their passengers with respect and were not afraid to offer complimentary food and drinks. It is sad that Continental Airlines got eaten up by United. As long as I can remember the service on United has been average and the nickname untidy is well earned."
"On both flights from Australia to San Francisco and Los Angles to Sydney I wish to state the overall lack of enthusiasm forthcoming from flight attendants. The attendants have been on the job too long, and this was reflected in the lack of friendly service. I would suggest United flight attendants, attend a refresher course on friendly and enthusiastic service to its travelling customers, it is badly needed."
"If you are expecting a lot of delays and maintanence repairs head on over to United. I will never fly with them again. All my flights both ways had problems and I eventually had 4 hours delayed and not because of weather. After waiting 4 hours because they kept pushing the time back we eventually had to move to a different plane because of maintenance problems! Very inconvenient for the people having to get me at 4.30 am."
"Terrible airline. Encountered rude and unhelpful staff at the airport terminal as well as during the flight. No headphones for the first 20 minutes. Incorrect meal choice. No in-flight wifi."
"Economy Plus for an international flight is a joke. Just a few more inches of space, which is a little better than Coach. The Boeing 747 was old and worn. The senior flight crew were rude and service was terrible. They seemed to wish they were anywhere but on the plane. The food was terrible, unless you wanted to purchase food. The newly upgraded international service included boxed wine (horrible) and an appetizer to enjoy with your beverage. However, the appetizer was a cracker and a piece of cheese and that was served with the dessert. No IFE except for fixed cabin screens, but they pride themselves in offering you free wifi to watch United Airlines inflight entertainment. Problem is, it was not available for about 75% of the flight. I have flown Business on United Airlines which wasn't bad (if you were fortunate enough to get a pleasant crew). But never again in Economy Plus."
"In addition to my 600.00 round trip ticket, I paid an addituonal 50.00 for bag fees (which I expected) and an additional 160.00 for a seat assignmemt before the flight to avoid being pushed to standby. The absolute worst customer service and apathetic staff I have ever seen."
"Denver to Calgary, I had checked two of my bags online the night before, and on arriving at the bag drop they proceeded to try and charge me an additional $500 US. I was checking three bags, my suitcase was under 50lbs, my boot bag which is usually checked in conjunction as one bag with my ski bag, and my ski bag. The lady helping me, who was trying very hard to try and lower the price, ended up knocking it down to about $300 US. Part of this issue was that they charged me for oversize and overweight for my ski bag. Most airlines charge a base $100 and the weight doesn't matter unless it's over the 70lbs max weight. Another lady working had rudely told me that I was not allowed to have three pairs of skis in my bag, even though there was nothing I could do about it. She \"let it slide\" and charged me instead. There was no in-seat entertainment or Wi-Fi on board."
"The aircraft was fairly new and comfortable and food was good. The cabin service was rather low - not poor but not good either. The good part was that the air in the Boeing 787 seems to be a little more moist and the pressure was like being at a lower altitude. They said that internet service was available but all you could connect to was united.com so I gave that a fail mark."
"UA did get me safely from Vancouver to Quito and back again, but that was about the best I can say about the experience. I found rudeness characterizes how UA treats its customers. For example, it was clearly printed on my e-ticket that prepared meals would be provided, but what they do not say is that you first have to ask about the meal (flight staff never mentioned that food was even available), and then you are told to look at the menu if you want to purchase any food. The same goes for WiFi which they claimed was available, but did not work even on a flight within the mainland US. As for entertainment, I am sure that you could have a great selection, but they charge you for watching everything and anything, including TV programmes. Inflight staff were rude beyond belief. Aside from behaving as though they were doing you a favour by even noticing that you were on the flight, several of the staff would openly talk about and complain about passengers within hearing distance of the passengers themselves. I have flown on some of the European discount airlines such as EasyJet, but I would gladly take 4 EasyJet flights to get to a destination than ever fly with United."
"I left for Detroit on a SIN-HKG-ORD-DTW flight on 7 June 2015. The two legs to HKG and ORD were fine, in fact, I arrived a hour ahead of schedule in ORD, giving me a comfortable 3 hours transit. The incoming aircraft for my connection ORD-DTW came in a hour late, and by then we were caught in the storm and flights were grounded. We boarded the aircraft twice, and were told to deplane. Eventually the flight was cancelled. A 3:50pm flight to get me from ORD to DTW, I was still in ORD at 930pm. I can't get my checked bag as there is no procedure for that, and it will be on the next flight out to my final destination. We were given discounted hotel coupons, and I was rebooked on a 4:07pm flight the following day. As it was only 4 hours by bus from Chicago to Detroit, I decided to take mega-bus rather than to fly, and thank goodness I did that, because the rebooked flight on the next day was again cancelled due to air control issues! My bag actually arrived at Detroit earlier than I did, and I had to make a trip to the Detroit airport to get it. My woes didn't end. 10 days later, I was going to get back to Singapore from Reagan (DCA-ORD-HKG-SIN). At Reagan, I couldn't check-in, because my entire itinerary was cancelled. I didn't get a reason for the cancellation, and got rebooked on the same itinerary. Alright never mind that I have middle seat for all 20 hours flight. At ORD, I tried to see if there are other seats available at the gate, and the staff was very rude, and unhelpful. \"There are only middle seats available, what do you expect me to do?\". She did not even try to look at my tickets. If she had, she would have seen that I got rebooked on economy plus, and telling me that would have made me feel better about the 15 hours flight. Onboard the plane, I was lucky, and only the aisle seat on the row behind me was occupied, and I was able to have a restful flight on a window seat. Why was the staff at the gate not willing to even look at my ticket? She didn't even look at her screen to check."
"This was very much a bare boned flight. There was no in-flight entertainment. At the last minute, as part of the closing doors announcement, the flight attendant announced that entertainment was only available through the United app, which she stated should be downloaded while we were on the ground. I'm fairly certain there was a charge for the entertainment, plus a charge for the necessary wifi connection. The premium economy was okay. It did have extra legroom and more recline (my big issue) than regular economy seats, but the width was barely adequate. And the aisles seem to have gotten narrower since I last flew on a plane. The only food available was for sale. It felt like the old time trains with someone hawking food and drinks throughout the trip."
"The boarding was ordered. The airplane was shabby with extensive signs of wear and tear. The seat was dirty and sticky, but relatively comfortable. No PTV. Asked for the advertised sparkling wine but was told they don't have it and instead was given cheap white wine in minuscule plastic glass. Twenty minutes after boarding we were told that there is mechanical problem with the aircraft and were told to go to customer service. Since it was almost midnight, there was only 1 customer service representative for almost 300 passengers. Called their call center and was given last seat on the last flight departing LAX this night. It was economy middle seat in the rear part of the aircraft. Missed my connection to CMH in ORD. Customers service in ORD is awful. Representatives are not competent and are arrogant. Was told by one representative that no flight to CMH available today. When insisted (I am a Gold Premier) they found me seat on American flight but told me that I need to pay 374$ for this 50 min flight. I refused, and asked them to put me on the next available flight which was departing 12 h later. They refused to give me a hotel voucher or meal voucher. I went to customer service in the terminal 3 and they gave seat on flight that was scheduled to depart 8 h later but put me on the waiting list. I waited 4 hours at the gate and finally there was a seat on one of the flights. I wonder how this company is continuing their business with such an awful customers service, unreliable aircrafts and such a bad treatment of their loyal customers."
"An old plane with a very poor entertainment screen. The system had to be rebooted several times and then the film didn't run smoothly. If this were a budget airline, then they'd be doing fine, but it's not. Cabin staff were sometimes friendly but overall I had the impression that they were just doing their job. I just thought they weren't really that professional compared to other airlines. United Airlines have some catching up to do if they can."
"As a loyal United Airlines customer, with Global Service status for years, that following experience has helped me realize United neither values my business nor cares about my experience with their company. On May 29th my direct flight from Dulles to Kuwait was diverted to Istanbul. The pilots timed out and passengers were stranded for over 12 hours in Istanbul- with no Turkish visas nor United staff to re-book and assist with hotels (United has no service in Istanbul, agents were eventually flown in from the Middle East). Indeed diversions are neither planned nor pleasant; however, passengers anticipated United would have had a contingency protocol in place for such events. After being left to fend for ourselves, and spending hours on the phone (international roaming) with customer care, passengers finally reached Kuwait the following day to ultimately learn that the remainder our respective original itinerary were canceled meaning onward travel and return flights to the US had to be re-booked. Shockingly, United did not apologize for the inconvenience and (as of today- eg. 23 days later) has not offered to reimburse visa-on-arrival fees in Turkey nor the international roaming fees passengers encountered while trying on the phone with United’s “Customer Care” team. Furthermore, all passengers paid for the flight from Dulles to Kuwait, boarded the flight from Dulles to Kuwait, and apparently since United diverted to Istanbul, zero miles for the Dulles to Kuwait leg will be applied to passengers’ account as credit toward their annual status - seems unfair if United accepted the payment for the flight and we all boarded the flight. After over a dozen conversations with “Customer Care” leading all the way up to the Senior Manager for Global Services, I am deeply disappointed to say the agreed upon follow-up that was supposed to occur 5 days ago has not. The Senior Manager did have one of his subordinates send an e-mail stating they will be in contact as soon as they reach a conclusion to my request. Wouldn’t it have been nice to receive a message stating “Thank you again for continued business and patience, we value your business and as a customer and respectfully offer our apologies for the inconvenience, reimbursement for the incurred expenses, and credit of the earned miles” ?"
"Domestic First Class/International Business Class, ORD-EWR-MXP. Purposely booked a 2 hour connection at EWR given United's timeliness issues as of late. United changed the flights shortening the connection to 1hr 20. Called and had changed to a 3:25 hour connection. Stated I did not trust United with the shorter connection despite it being legal when challenged and the agent made the change without further comment. The outbound flight was late due to weather. Unfortunately all other EWR flights were showing on time as was the departure to MXP. Little communication from gate staff in Chicago. Arrived over 3 hours late in EWR with departure to MXP showing on time. After a sprint to the connecting gate, the MXP departure pushed back multiple times and we finally boarded about an hour an a half late. Typical ‘old United’ flat bed which I like better than the Continental flat bed as it seems to have more leg room. Pillows and blankets have been upgraded. Ordered my meal on a tray in one go so I could sleep and all but dessert was delivered when everyone else was getting their first course. Food was decent, much better than old United. IFE is sparse with less content than a few years ago but I have gotten in the habit of bringing my own and the power at the seat kept everything charged. Cabin staff basically disappeared once the meal was served – no one coming through or replenishing water. They appeared about 1:30 before landing for the breakfast service. We arrived about an hour late but the bags were delivered in a fairly timely manner and all of the bags arrived. My return was cancelled and I ended up on Lufthansa all of the way back. Much better, especially seat comfort and reliability, except for the food which I always find a bit odd on LH. Frankly, I am starting to pick other airlines when I am in business class and I have the choice. In my opinion, United has become very undependable, both from a timeliness and baggage delivery standpoint, since the merger. Much of the US hub counter staff is now outsourced and they are of little help when something goes wrong. The hard product and service is average to slightly below average. Economy Plus on UA is still great value but I am starting to avoid United when flying on an expensive ticket or an itinerary requiring connections."
"Terrible plane for that long a flight, Too small - Too noisy! Boeing 737-900 Like most U.S. carriers = the flight attendants are average at best! They spend most of their time socializing with each other and not providing service to passengers. Flying today is just a glorified bus! Passengers are partially to blame, but the airlines are mainly to blame - Baggage fees, paying for meals and drinks, paying for more leg room \"economy plus\". Planes are dirty! Also, United has changed its Frequent Flyer Program and is no longer #1 in my opinion! Loyalty is no longer rewarded. It is all how much you spend for a flight!"
"I flew from Sacramento to San Antonio through Denver for my sisters funeral. Not the best time to be delayed by a full hour and have to rush to the next flight just to make it before doors were closed. They excused themselves saying it was the weather. But here it is 3 weeks later flying home and not only was my first flight delayed but so was my second flight. There was no room for all the luggage and people had to put 5hem under the plane. While I am delayed my spouse is driving 3 hours to wait an hour. I had to feed my children in the airport expensive cheap food. Never again will I fly United. They need to quit booking flights till they can get their seating under control and their flights timed right. They need to get their act together big time.."
"We were due to fly from Orlando to Washington yesterday. The first flight was cancelled due to bad weather. We were offered a later flight which was late, but assured by United customer service personnel that the Manchester flight knew we were coming as we would make it. I ran from one flight to the other, arrived 10 mins before take off to be told we would not be allowed on the aircraft, which was standing on the tarmac. We then waited in line 2 hours 40 minutes at United customer services to be told all flights to Europe were full and we were booked on separated seats on the flight 24 hours later with no hotel, just 21 dollars of food vouchers. Never again!"
"On May 21, 2015, four passengers from my family traveled from Atlanta (USA) to Chennai (India) via EWR and ZRH by United Airlines. We each carried one small carry on bag. The airline refused to allow any of our carry on bag. We were carrying several prescribed medicines and one casual dress to use if there was any unexpected flight delay/cancellation. The airline reps were telling us that there is no space to put any carry on baggage. We begged them to allow at least 1 small carry on baggage instead of 4 carry on bags as we are international passengers and they refused it. They were so rude. They even threaten to call police, if we don't follow their instruction to check in the carry on bags. They were even forcing us to reschedule our international travel to with our carry on baggage. Finally, we did our international travel without any carry on baggage. We make international trips every year for the past 30+ years and United Airlines is the first airline that has forced us to do international travel without a carry on bag."
"Nickled and Dimed to death in First Class. I purchased First Class Tickets from Honolulu to Chicago via LA x2 persons for about $4000 in March 2015 there was no mention of $50 fee for Lounge privileges per person per visit . A meal was offered - Salmon salad. I asked for some more dressing (1 small container only was given for a large entrée salad) I was told they do not send extra dressing for an entree salad. It may seem like a small thing but it just indicates how cheap they have become. Employees good, policy's very bad. Every employee I came in contact was pleasant and helpful."
"I sat in the airport waiting for 13 hours because of a \"mechanical problem\" in the plane that I was suppose to take, and then after the tremendously long wait they cancelled the flight and sent everyone home or told them to sleep in the airport. Told they would get another aircraft as soon as possible. Once we did get on the plane the service was terrible, the flight attendants were not nice at all, and the space was much too cramped compared to other airlines that I have taken."
"Delays at every stop, no time to catch your next flight without double time effort. Hard to do with a fractured hip. When told to the check in assistance I was told there were no other flights available, and not nicely. No offer to arrange transportation. I will find another airline for future travel."
"Flight from Newark Airport to Aruba. The airport was congested, dirty and slow. Made reservations and seating arrangements for 4 family members and when we got our boarding passes, all of us were scattered in other seats. They would not change them even though I had reserved them 2 months prior. The seats were tight, cramped. No WiFi unless you purchased it. No TV or movie on flight. Only free food items were coffee, tea, water, soda. You had to buy everything else if you wanted something to eat, even a cookie! I will never again use UA."
"Took one of the first flights from Newcastle to New York Newark, was very disappointed on size of plane for long haul, one aisle for both trolley and visits to the loo as well as trying to stretch your legs on a 7.5 hours flight was nearly impossible, plus being near the toilets means being squashed with people leaning in to let people past them. Will continue to travel either from Edinburgh or Manchester with other airlines."
"We have flown on United almost exclusively for the past few years, a half dozen times per year. This last trip was the last straw. On the way there, at DCA, there were two agents for about 150 people waiting to go on various flights. It took us a good 45 minutes to get through ticketing and baggage. We missed a connection because the crew was still in transit to the airport and we took off hours late. Of course our luggage did not make it. It arrived at our hotel 3 days later. Our flight home was cancelled a few weeks before, so we were forced to take one at 8am, which meant waking at 4.30 am. We arrived at the airport, boarded, and were taken off the plane as it did not pass inspection. The flight was then cancelled and the next one was at 8pm, arriving home at midnight. We went to the customer service desk with all 300 other passengers but decided to go to another customer service desk. The agent was nasty and sarcastic to those in front of us, and to us. We had to fly to a city 2 hours from home - giving up our first class seats- and rent a car to get home, uncompensated. But we are experienced, since the same thing happened a few months ago with United."
"Our flight was scheduled for 14.23 from Houston to Mexico City. We started getting delay messages every 15 minutes till we were boarded at about 6.30 only to be told that we should wait in our seats for the airline to send pilots. I could not believe we were boarded when there were no pilots in the plane. Since the plane had obviously not been cleaned upon arrival from the previous flight we were instructed to leave the plane with all of our personal belongings and wait in the tunnel that leads from the terminal to the plane for a security inspection. After the cleaning was done we were instructed to board again to wait for a pilot to arrive. When the pilots did arrive they decided the plane needed refuelling so again we should wait a while for that to happen. The flight finally took off at around 8.00 at night. One of the flight attendants was doing his best to help lift the mood, another was authoritative and uninterested. I have learnt my lesson, no more United for me."
"We booked United from Toronto, CA to Albuquerque, NM as a family with a 21 month old baby, 3 months ahead. They not only changed the flight 2 months later, they failed to put us on an earlier connection flight, so we had to wait 4 hours in Denver airport with a baby. No special consideration, tried to check in early online and could not do it due to change of flight schedule. Couldn't get seated together, no help from a flight attendant. We will never fly with United again."
"We had no choice but to take United as it was a codeshare flight with ANA. This will be the first and last time we will take this terrible airline. To start with, no one even bothered to help us with the check-in process. When we called the nearest ground staff attention, it was like she doesn't want to do her job. On the bright side, she gave us a priority tag for our baggage. The problem didn't stop there. Even our in-flight experience was hell. The food was far from edible. It was my first time to encounter a long-haul flight where you have to purchase snacks for a minimum of $8.99. There were no individual screens for entertainment and the wifi wasn't working properly. Flight attendants were rude, yelling at passengers that they can't do this and that."
"My flight from Beijng to Washington was delayed three hours due to mechanical reason (captain told us it was due to the energy generator, the light won't turn on). And we all missed our connection flight, UA arranged us a hotel but didn't tell us the hotel no longer send shuttles after 11 pm, so we took a cab to the hotel. The next morning my flight was cancelled! Would never take their flight again."
"In June 2015, my wife and I flew from Milwaukee to LA to San Francisco, with two layovers in Denver. These trips on United were a nightmare. One of these flights was cancelled and United made no effort helping us to get another flight, so we had to book an additional flight on Southwest, causing us to lose a day of our vacation. Two of these flights had delays of 45 and 40 minutes sitting on the tarmac waiting to get off the planes. On one of these flights, the seating was cramped and the cabin was hot. Service on the planes was mediocre at best. United's response to these situations was that they were not responsible. Avoid flying United if at all possible."
"We booked together, we flew together from Brussel to Newark and now we fly back tomorrow and I wanted to check in online. I am going mad. I am flying with my son and we have seats 40k and 43b. I can choose another seat but it costs 100 dollar per person. In this review I can choose travelling as a couple - we will see."
"Arrived in Anchorage to find out our that flight was delayed 4 hours and that would cause us to not have any connecting flights at all in Houston to New Orleans. For the four of us traveling they could not get us on any other airlines to come home either. We tried to get at least one person on a flight to New Orleans to get our vehicle but nothing. Finally got a flight to Lafayette 2 hrs away and we had to rent a car at the airport to go and get out vehicle and drive back to our destination. Not the way we wanted to end our vacation. Especially since we were suppose to be home since 8.45 in morning only 15 hours after leaving it ended up taking us 23 hours of traveling in total."
"This is the worse airline I have had the misfortune to fly. We have flown all over the world and this was both the worst planes and customer service in the world. Our first flight arrived in Newark, NJ. After being delayed over an hour we had to rush to the next gate and the flight was cancelled. With no notice and not even an agent there to give us further information we had to argue to get info and then get a hotel for the night. So there goes one more day. Then the second flight gets cancelled and we were stranded for another night and still no assistance. So now another day wasted day of our 4 day weekend vacation."
"I'm in the military and I travel a lot, if I had a choice of airlines to use it would not be United. Delays are a norm because of maintenance, luggage lost is all too common. To be frank I am getting to the point that I would rather spend money out of my pocket and use another airline especially when it pertains to flights home. If the military wants to use the chespest airline fof my inbound travel thats fine but not my family time. I'm going to spend up to 200 bucks out of my own pocket to not use United on return flights"
"We were very disappointed with the service onboard our United Airlines flight from Toronto to Sydney. Changes to our departure times were text to our phones while we were already at the airport. Ground crew were dismissive of passengers who asked them any questions and were more interested in personal discussions than getting their job done. The cabin crew were very underwhelming and not accommodating passenger requests, to the point where you were not allowed a second cup of coffee because they had cleaned up and put everything away. The inflight entertainment cut out for our side of the plane and crew were not interested in doing anything about it. After 4 resetting attempts, the screens worked again. This being our second flight in 7 days we were expecting a little more enthusiasm and pride in their work from crew members. Being seated in economy class and not up the front meant that by the time our meals were served they had run out of popular items and we were left without a choice. No apology from crew, we were met with there's none left and this is what you can have. No attempt to salvage the situation at all and since this was a 14 hour flight, it was a long time without food. Of course, we were welcome to purchase an assortment of onboard snacks at very inflated prices. We will not be travelling with United again as this has not been a pleasant experience at all. We did not get cheap fares and felt that they need to make an effort to encourage passengers to fly with them again."
"I'm a performer and I flew from Australia to LA without a hitch on another airline and then all the domestic flights I needed to catch were with United. I got five different flights whilst I was in the states and every single one of them were below standard and just absolutely disgusting. 4 of those flights were cancelled. The staff were rude and inconsiderate, on flight 3 that ended up being cancelled I was sitting on the plane for hours and hours and was refused even a glass of water. If I ever travel back to America I will make sure I will never fly with such an inconsiderate company."
"UA 1615, June 9, EWR to SJU. I am a Star Alliance Gold Member but that made little difference except for the use of the United Lounge in EWR. On-line check-in did not allow seat change and request for aisle seat resulted in row 32 way in the back of the 737-800. Flight was 40 minutes late due to mechanical problems in the flight deck (lights) and then a passenger table tray. Flight attendants did bare minimum with one bar service and then water was only available in back galley for the remainder of the 4 hour flight. United really a disappointment. Have had better treatment on American and Delta airlines with no status."
"I had a total of 4 flights to complete a round trip to Portland. 3/4 flights were delayed due to maintenance issues. We were kept at SFO in a customer service line for 3 hours with approx 300 other dissatisfied customers. Most were given an airline blanket and toothbrush and told to sleep in the airport and sorry for the luck. A few were provided with hotel vouchers. I was one of them as the 30 minute flight I needed to take was booked for 24 hours later with $7 per person meal credit for the entire 24 hours. The airline refused to proved refunds for anything stating all refunds must process through united.com and that nobody working could approve them. I asked to be booked on a flight that was 9 hours earlier but was told the flight was already overbooked and this was impossible. Went online to discover there were 5 open seats on the earlier flight called customer service and was told flight was booked. I told them I was looking at the seat map avail with 5 open seats. They reluctantly booked me on the earlier flight after an hour on the phone. I had paid for economy plus seating which I did not get and I was not refunded the difference of $120 for 2 seats. Horrible experience, terrible customer service!"
"On May 22 2015 I flew from Newark to San Diego on a United B737-800/900 aircraft. This was the second leg of a flight home from Europe. The plane is fairly new and it is one of the most uncomfortable planes that I have ever been on. And that includes the medium and smaller commuter jets. This was a six hour flight. I booked this flight seven months in advance paid extra for the economy plus seating and selected a bulkhead isle seat in row 8 which was behind the \"first class\" section of the plane. However between the \"first class\" section of this plane and my row is what can marginally be called a restroom. It was a six hour flight and this tiny bathroom with a sink barely big enough to wash your hands was in constant use. Each time the bathroom door was swung open and closed those of us in the adjoining rows were assaulted with bathroom smells. After a few hours in the air I noticed that the bathroom smells were more intense and that the floor next to the bathroom door was wet. I spoke to the purser who jumped up and immediately locked the bathroom door and took it out of service. That was a good temporary fix. However I would like to suggest to United that they consider removing that toilet unit from this plane configuration. It really ruins the flight for those stuck in seats close by. Also this plane has hard vinyl seats and headrests and no entertainment screens. The seats on Southwest are more comfortable. This would all be OK for short haul flights but planes like this are too uncomfortable for cross country flights."
"28th May UA flight # 927 from Frankfurt to San Francisco got cancelled due to security check lapses by the airline. After four hours on the tarmac passengers were off loaded for a replacement flight next day. Those without German visas were not given any facilities to sleep at the airport - no pillows or blankets. We spent an uncomfortable night on airport chairs. Staff complained that they were working overtime and too tired to help passengers. A couple of the ground staff slipped away before answering our queries. This is a terrible airline to get stranded with. No care for customers. Never again will I travel UA."
"I've been commuting between RDU to EWR for the past few months. As a loyal Delta flyer I transitioned over to United because they offer direct flights into Newark. What I've learned - you pay double the price for United as opposed to other airlines for delays and cancellations due to \"flight crew availability\". I had the opportunity to speak to a flight attendant about my weekly (yes every week) cancelation or delay and was informed that United was contracting crew out due to limited number of employees. Most employees have left because United pays them dirt. Shame on United and shame on the airline industry - those of us that fly on a regular basis (3 weeks out of the month) pay premium prices for a terrible experience. When I call or contact United - they could care less. Hence my loyalty to Delta - they listen acknowledge apologize and reword you for any and all challenges. As far as recommending United - use at your own risk and be prepared to have a Plan B C and D for when your cancelled due to lack of availability of flight crew."
"6am flight was delayed until 7am which made us 10 minutes late for our connecting flight and they wouldn't even keep the gates open for us when they knew our flight was late. The next available flight was at 7.45pm. we got put on standby for a 12.45pm and a 3.00pm flight and couldn't get in on those. So we patiently waited for our 7.45pm flight then that flight got cancelled. We then proceeded to customer service and they said they couldn't do anything for us. Couldn't even pay for a hotel for us even though the next flight they could put us on was 3.30pm the next day. Do not fly United they do not try to work with you and they are very inconsiderate."
"I was travelling from Orlando to Anchorage with a connection in Houston and San Francisco. When we arrived at the airport our flight had already been delayed by an hour and half meaning that we would miss our Houston connection. I went immediately to the service counter to have it sorted out and they had already switched us to a Delta flight transferred our bags and arranged meal vouchers for us. I was surprised at this high level of service. All in all we arrived in Anchorage on our Delta flight only 10 minutes after we would have arrived on our originally booked flight. Our travel experience back to Orlando was a completely different matter however. After arriving at Anchorage airport and checking in I realized that I had been bumped from my originally booked aisle seat to a middle seat in the same row. After boarding I realized that the seat that I had originally booked remained open so I simply picked up my stuff and moved to the seat I had originally purchased. This was simply an annoyance and source of confusion rather than a true inconvenience. The flight itself was rather uneventful. We made it to San Francisco made our connection and waited to depart. And we waited. And waited. And waited. Initially we were told that we were waiting for some baggage from a connecting flight they presumably boarded the baggage and we began taxiing. After taxiing for a few minutes the captain came over the speaker and informed us that we had to return to the gate due to a \"water leak\". We then sat in the plane for 2.5 hours while multiple maintenance men stomped on and off the plane trying to locate the source of the leak. After sitting on the (hot) plane for about two hours I had already finished the bottle of water that I had brought on board. When I asked one of the flight attendants if I could get some water she told me that I couldn't have any water because the maintenance man was standing in front of the bottle. Is that the one and only bottle of water that United stocked on this particular flight? I wandered back to my seat and endured the additional thirty minutes of idle waiting. Finally the pilot came back over the speakers and informed us that the \"water leak\" was actually condensation from the coffee maker that the flight attendants failed to wipe up after the last use. Needless to say this made for some pretty incredulous passengers."
"Flight to St Louis from Houston cancelled at night due to 'rain' so I had to get a room at my own expense as did hundreds of others finding a hotel took over an hour. Before leaving the Houston airport to my room I booked tickets to get me to St Louis the next day. Here is where United incompetence took over. Ticket was Houston to Tulsa Tulsa to St. Louis. When I got to Tulsa I ask why the flight from Tulsa to St Louis would take over 4 hours answer: you are going through Chicago but you won't have to leave the plane! Got to Chicago told that plane was not going to St. Louis went to desk asking where was my flight to St Louis flight and when answer: the St Louis flight just left I can put you on standby on the next flight! Got to gate and asked for standby update told here would be one standby seat available as one passenger was not going to make the departure time I was not to worry about getting on the standby position was mine. When it came time for stand by to board another person's name was called. Went back to the desk asking why I was not the standby person answer: she has more status! Then when names were announced who had seats but had not boarded my name was called. Went back to desk asking if I had a seat answer: oh is that you? Yes you have a seat! If I ever fly United again it will be out of desperation not by choice."
"May 29 Beijing to Washington then Washington to New York and then Toronto. UA 808 UA 4001 AC727. United is by far the worst airline I have had the misfortune of being on. Of the two intercontinental flights I have taken with United all of them have involved a major delay (flight being cancelled or rescheduled to next day with a distress hotel room) or losing your luggage for days. United staff are also some of the rudest people I have had the misfortune of interacting with. The entire airline seems to take delight in punishing their customers for having the nerve to travel. Even though their airfares are low only take this airline if you enjoy spending your vacation time in airports or dealing with surly staff who seem to delight in making customers' lives hell."
"My wife and I took United for our honeymoon to Hawaii. United fails to inform you that you need to download their app in advance to enjoy any sort of entertainment inflight. You could pay $10+ an hour to use their wifi but to use any other of their \"free\" service you must download the app in advance. For those who do not or do not have a compatible device bring your own entertainment. Upon calling to check in on our return we learned the flight had been cancelled. While they had my email address on file the only notification came through a text message. However this text didn't inform us of anything but merely asked us to \"text yes\" to the text to receive subsequent messages. Assuming this was just another airline phishing attempt I ignored the message. While they knew I was not aware of the change no call attempt or email attempt was made. Overall I satisfied."
"I arrived at the check-in counter 40+ minutes to departure. The attendant called the gate to see if the flight was delayed but they said it wasn't. I received this notification immediately after. United flight UA1246 on April 26 is delayed due to a late inbound aircraft arrival. Now departs: 2.00 pm). Hence I cannot check in my luggage. No worries I will throw all my liquids away and carry it on. Ultimately I gate checked one bag. Once the entire flight was boarded the pilot immediately stated we were going to be delayed and probably shouldn't have boarded the flight. We land 15-20 minutes late and we sit on the tarmac for another 10 minutes because our gate is taken. This is a common occurrence flying into IAH. The straw that broke the camel's back - zero communication and no empathy for every passenger that checked luggage. After everything else we had to wait about an hour to get our luggage. 4 planes on one belt and we were the 4th in line while only half of the belts were occupied."
"Our flight from Las Vegas to Charleston South Carolina took 28 hours. The first plane from Vegas to Houston was delayed because of mechanical problems. The connecting flight was delayed because of a pilot timing out. We paid for two hotels because one was prepaid in Charleston and we needed to sleep before our morning flight to Charleston. The morning flight was changed because of a tire problem and again because of communications problems. We were offered 2500 points or $50 toward our next a United flight."
"I had booked a trip to Hong Kong through Flight Network. on the way there (14 hour flight) the plane did not have any entertainment units or even a plug in for a laptop. On our way back we were to go from Hong Kong to San Francisco and then from San Francisco to Edmonton. United Airlines had switched the connecting flight to go through Chicago instead of San Francisco which I only found out when checking in on our departure day. The attendant at the United desk was unable to provide an explanation as to why the connection was switched and was basically of no help. This ended up amounting to a 9 hour delay and me missing a day at work."
"Recently flew from West Palm Beach to Austin VIA Houston. The flight from Houston to Austin was on a brand new regional jet with nine first class seats. Unfortunately several sensors were showing and everyone needed to exit the plane. Within 30 minutes another new regional plane with the same configuration was waiting a few gates away and the plane was only 45 minutes late getting into Austin. Good job United. Unfortunately returning was a different story. I arrived at the Austin airport several hours early and inquired about an earlier flight to Houston. I was told that there had been no late flights all day. The plane arrived in Austin late and by the time I boarded it was 30 minutes late. Then it began raining in Houston so the plane had to wait another 20 minutes in Austin. By the time the plane arrived in Houston my flight to West Palm Beach had left and it was the last flight of the day. Most passengers on the full A319 flying east had to find a hotel for the night at their own expense because United is not responsible for weather related delays and it is usually raining somewhere where United flies. The next afternoon I was on an old regional plane with no first class seats to West Palm Beach."
"UA 1001 IAH-FLL March 13 2015. UA 54 Newark-Paris April 11 2015. UA 55 Paris-Newark April 18 2015. After United bought Continental everything went downhill. Flights were delayed or cancelled they routinely have mechanical problems with their planes their flight crews have gotten worse and worse to the point that they often are just plain abusive their overseas business class is terrible and their ground crews are incompetent dishonest and often nasty. Unfortunately they have so many direct routes that you are stuck either flying United or taking another airline with a stop midway through your flight. If you have frequent flier miles with them good luck. You can almost never use your miles when you want to travel over the holidays or they charge some exorbitant number of miles. And now your miles will expire if you don't continue to fly with these people. United Airlines is a nightmare."
"My husband and I travelled from Newark NJ to Dubai with a stop over at Washington-Dulles. Newark flight was delayed and our Washington Dulles connection was missed. It took from 10 pm to 12.30 am to get to a customer service agent at Washington-Dulles where we stood in line for two and a half hours. Agents took an average of 15 to 20 minutes per customer."
"United improbably informed us two days in advance that our flight from Albuquerque to Denver connecting to Minneapolis would most likely be delayed? Good to their word they got us to Denver an hour and a half late missing our connection maintenance issues was the reason. We had managed to rebook our connection in Albuquerque the agent assuring us our luggage would remain in Denver. Now it's 10pm no luggage and waiting in line with approximately 400 people to get to one service desk. 2 Hours later we have a hotel voucher and nothing else talked to some low level manager who couldn't understand why 2 full fare first class customers were upset after all we got a free hotel room."
"Flew from New Orleans to Frankfurt Germany with a layover in Newark. Plane was an older 767-300. Plane was delayed Food was cold and terrible flight attendants were not friendly at all. On the way back I flew Lufthansa and what a difference! It was a great flying experience! I've always flied United but from now on I will make sure I get a Lufthansa flight when traveling to Germany!"
"I had the worst experience on United Airlines today. I was told I couldn't board the plane with my 4 month old infant because of weight restrictions on the plane. 6 people were told they couldn't board the plane including myself and I found out that was based on our fares. I was penalized because I planned ahead and booked my ticket for less money. It doesn't matter that I started my trip hours earlier or that I connected and arrived to the gate on time. Some kind soul did try to volunteer their seat. I overhead the gate crew saying there was a mother and baby who should board next which was superseded by the supervisor who said full fares trump everything. I left my house at 4.45am to catch a flight to connect to Chicago so I could get to my destination in the shortest time possible with a sleeping baby. I am a frequent flier a \"MileagePlus Explorer\" (which I pay for by having a premium credit card) yet here I am - the only person with a child on my plane-prevented from boarding because my $554 fare wasn't enough to get me my reserved seat. I am one irate customer and one irate mother - and I have to wait 7 hours with my baby for the next flight."
"UA 937 I had not flown in a 767 in a long time and I travel a lot. The plane was old and dirty and the flight attendants were old and fat. They never smiled or greeted you - clearly hate their jobs. The announcements were like the ones you hear in school. Don't do this don't do that - militant. I had booked a Swiss flight I thought. The inflight entertainment and food were very poor compared to other airlines. No water bottles given out just cups. Cheap. The toilets were smelly and there was no amenity kit you see in other airlines. United complains about the open skies but they could never compete with Emirates or Qatar with such old planes and unattractive staff."
"United Airlines is the worst airline I have flown with. After waiting an hour in line to check in I get to the counter and find out it was two late to board my flight. This was after getting up at 3 am in the morning just be sure I was there ahead of time. There is no excuse for their incompetence. They spent my valuable time chatting with one another amongst themselves at the counter and not warning anyone in line that there was a danger missing there flight or even showing effort to work faster. They did not attempt to even try make amends. Do not fly United out of Rochester NY they are the most unprofessional workers I have seen in this industry."
"Recent flight from Hawaii to LA 6 hours. Beverage offered when first boarded no other beverage or food offered through out the entire flight. Disgusted as over night flight and not even breakfast or tea or coffee. Stewards not particularly helpful or sociable. No audio or visual entertainment provided. No pillows onboard."
"I booked our family of (3's) flight months in advance all seats were requested together and I prefer sitting next to the window because it seems to help my severe motion sickness. Per experience I usually allow a 90-120 min layover if I have a connecting flight which if you fly out of Pittsburgh it is almost impossible to get straight through flights unless you fly Southwest where unless you are a bouncer you cannot get a window seat to save your life. The flight from Pittsburgh to Chicago was on 'mechanical delay'. The 'mechanical delay' was about 90 mins which meant we would not make our next flight out of Chicago to our scheduled event that evening. However when we landed at O'Hare we were unaware that several flights were being held because of our delay. I asked a United staff member at our departing gate about our flight and he said \"it's departing in 3 minutes you will not have time to make the flight\". I went immediately to the Customer Service desk where many of my fellow passengers were congregating. While standing there my party heard our names over the loud speaker to board our flight. One party is physically disabled. Unfortunately we did not make the flight and we missed the first half of the event that evening. United should have contacted the gate to let them know we were on our way should have made arrangements for a cart for the disabled passenger in order to get us there in a timely manner. This one simple communication act would have taken less than 1 minute."
"SFO-IAH return. Both flights delayed for a variety of reasons. Air travel in the US is becoming such a hassle with rude and paranoid TSA lesser flights packed planes and crowded skies. Ground and air staff friendly and helpful. Free DirecTV as a result of the delays on both legs. I'd avoid flying if there was an alternative mode (perhaps the US should invest in a bullet train?). So frustrating."
"Ditching United and my mileage credit card after this next flight finally departs. Pittsburgh to Newark in United flown by Republic. Last weeks 'maintenance' delay of 45mins should have been enough of a red flag along with overhearing the air stewardess complaining to senior ground staff that did they really have to fly in such an old plane. Tonight sitting with another 'maintenance' delay of 2.5hrs+ on last flight of a Friday night to get home to family - would have been quicker for me to drive the 5.5hrs door to door. A leaving customer."
"MCO-IAD Flight 1731. IAD-MCO Flight 1133. They are always delayed on flights then they ask customers if they are checking in any bags. They charge $25 if you say yes however if you take your luggage on the flight then they tell customers that it's free. This has delayed our flight several times and it's completely a rip-off! Not to mention that they changed our seats last min without notifying us until last min."
"We had a large group flying from all over the United States to Cancun for my daughters wedding. Every single person flying United had issues! My son's flight was cancelled due to no pilot. United then put him his wife and 4 yr old son on another flight. They had to fly from San Diego to Washington DC then to Cancun to make matters worse the weren't even seated near each other!!! How can they do that with a 4 yr old. I arrived at the airport 2.5 hours early and almost missed my flight because it took over 1.5 hrs just to check my bag and then was treated horribly. When we finally got on they plane the flight attendants were not friendly whatsoever and United in their ultimate wisdom decided that 7 meals would be sufficient for this 5hr 50 min flight. I fly at least 4-5 times a year and usually enjoy it. I will never fly United again. It was a nightmare."
"This is the second time I have flown United and it will be the last. The first time all the planes were late and we kept getting bumped to later flights. When we did arrive the luggage did not and it took four days to get the luggage. The second time I flew first class. After we checked in in Toronto we were put into a large area like cattle with no services and then lined up and herded through customs at the last minute so we were unable to get breakfast or buy magazines etc. one bag did not arrive with us but went to Newark instead of San Francisco. On the way home I was bumped to a different seat so I was no longer flying with my spouse and when I called I was told that is just how they roll and even in first class full fare seat booking are suggestions. In the future I will be flying Delta. We flew Delta last year and it was a much different experience."
"MCO-IAD Flight 1731. IAD-MCO Flight 1133. They are always delayed on flights then they ask customers if they are checking in any bags. They charge $25 if you say yes however if you take your luggage on the flight then they tell customers that it's free. This has delayed our flight several times and it's completely a rip-off! Not to mention that they changed our seats last min without notifying us until last min."
"It's unbelievable that United continues to use ageing Boeing 747's on transpacific flights. 747's don't even have monitors behind the seats in economy class! Very disappointing when you can't choose what to watch on an 11 hour flight! In addition the level of service is not as good as Asian airlines that I've used on the same route such as Cathay Eva Air Singapore Air etc. When I asked to refill a water bottle the flight attendant said I would need to go to the galley myself to have it filled. I've never received such a response on Asian airlines. Will definitely avoid flying United in the future if I can help it."
"I was flying from Ft Lauderdale to Houston this evening in premium class. I was carrying a tote bag small purse a tiny rollerboard and a shopping bag. The guy taking my tickets in a hostile tone told me only two items. I have flown continental for years. Husband was platinum level. This was never an issue so of course I moved aside to comply and consolidated four into two plus purse. Purse an issue so gate checked bag. Fine. Got on board. To add insult to injury. Weather delay due to lightening and hail in Florida and major storm system in Houston area. I had had my United flight diverted last week. We had option to get off the carrier and I elected to get off. I asked rude gate agent if I could retrieve checked bag. No he said rudely. I will never fly them again."
"On a flight from LAX to New Orleans. Flight 1/2 full with all exit rows empty. My husband and I attempted to move to a exit row seat and was told by the flight attendant we could not move. You have to pay to sit in an exit row. The flight is half empty. United this is our last time fly with you!"
"PBI-IAH-LAX-NRT-SIN - original scheduled route. Route actually flown with delays: PBI-IAH-LAX-SFO-HND-SIN. All domestic flights offered only beverages or you could purchase food. Flight delayed due to weather in IAH. Arrived into LAX and my connecting flight had left. Ground service was little to no help. Crew at gate barked to go to Customer service and they only deal with guests at that gate. Customer service had only one person to rebook flights for 40 folks waiting in line. Called 800 number and then was told to call another number to speak to someone about my international ticket. Finally got rebooked but it meant flying to SFO and then onto Singapore. Good part is my flight from Tokyo to Singapore were on ANA. There was a gate change while en-route to Japan. The ANA attendant met me at security to inform me of gate change and asked if I wanted a transport."
"A recent flight from London to New York recently was perhaps the worst experience we've had. We recently flew Nashville - Dallas - San Francisco on United (first class). Food service etc was great. But woe to the huddled masses. For some reason on the return we were bumped to business (first leg) then economy (last leg). For a six hour flight \"breakfast\" was a box with a roll candy bar and yoghurt. But the last leg we were seated in economy and the blinders came off. Seats were probably used on misbehaving prisoners - as ergonomic as a stone carving tattered \"leather\" painfully thin. Video screens (and I use the term loosely) had been randomly attached to the ceiling for which earphones could conveniently be purchased. I'm unsure which is worse - this or the \"individual screens\" on the last AA we flew - scratchy color off glaring possible the worst picture quality on Earth. No problems with bags or leave time."
"PBI-IAH-LAX-NRT-SIN - original scheduled route. Route actually flown with delays: PBI-IAH-LAX-SFO-HND-SIN. All domestic flights offered only beverages or you could purchase food. Flight delayed due to weather in IAH. Arrived into LAX and my connecting flight had left. Ground service was little to no help. Crew at gate barked to go to Customer service and they only deal with guests at that gate. Customer service had only one person to rebook flights for 40 folks waiting in line. Called 800 number and then was told to call another number to speak to someone about my international ticket. Finally got rebooked but it meant flying to SFO and then onto Singapore. Good part is my flight from Tokyo to Singapore were on ANA. There was a gate change while en-route to Japan. The ANA attendant met me at security to inform me of gate change and asked if I wanted a transport."
"A recent flight from London to New York recently was perhaps the worst experience we've had. We recently flew Nashville - Dallas - San Francisco on United (first class). Food service etc was great. But woe to the huddled masses. For some reason on the return we were bumped to business (first leg) then economy (last leg). For a six hour flight \"breakfast\" was a box with a roll candy bar and yoghurt. But the last leg we were seated in economy and the blinders came off. Seats were probably used on misbehaving prisoners - as ergonomic as a stone carving tattered \"leather\" painfully thin. Video screens (and I use the term loosely) had been randomly attached to the ceiling for which earphones could conveniently be purchased. I'm unsure which is worse - this or the \"individual screens\" on the last AA we flew - scratchy color off glaring possible the worst picture quality on Earth. No problems with bags or leave time."
"Flew to Las Vegas from Amsterdam with a stop at Chicago. Were delayed at Chicago for 3.5 hours with no communication from United staff and 6 gate changes. Onboard entertainment system broke down after 2 hours (on our flight from Amsterdam to Chicago) so we had 6 hours where we had nothing to do but just sit. Flight crew was uninspired. Return flight from Las Vegas to Amsterdam got cancelled 15 minutes before we arrived at McCarran airport because there was no crew available. Eventually flew back to Amsterdam through Los Angeles with KLM. Customer care pointed at Reservations and Reservations pointed at Customer Care. Was on the phone (international call) for over an hour and just got disconnected. Several e-mail back and forth only thing United did was apologize for the inconvenience. Stay away from United."
"I was very disappointed with the service and overall experience I received from this airline I had a flight out of Fort Lauderdale Airport at 7.45 am I had arrived early around 6 am with my 4 month old infant. We boarded the flight on time everything seemed to be going as planned until the flight was delayed due to some electrical in the control panel. We ended up sitting on this flight for a good 2 hours waiting as they kept saying sorry and we will update you more in 5 minutes and then 30 minutes and overall a 2 hour wait time until they said we are sorry but we must all exit the plane and wait in line until we could get booked for another flight. Once booked for a new flight they gave us food vouchers the new flight they booked me on was at 2.55pm it was only 11am so I was expected to wait with an infant for another 3 hours - a long day waiting me with my son. I then received a notification on my phone that the flight they rebooked me on had been delayed 90 minutes which would have meant being stuck in Houston airport where my connecting flight was but that I would have missed by the time the new flight had arrived. I was then put on another flight leaving Fort Lauderdale at 5.15pm and arriving to my destination at 11.18pm. I don't think that this was handled well at all especially since I was carrying a child around and had only me."
"Flight 1660 from Denver to Houston. This airline is horrible. If you have other options to fly to a location exercise the alternative and pay whatever it costs. Delayed 5 hours. Refused to hold connecting flight despite the fact that over 30 passengers were connecting via that flight. No discounts offered on flights. No ticket offers to fly at no expense in the future to another location. Absolutely horrible customer service. Rude and ineffective agents/representatives. A company that could not care less about customer service."
"ROC-ORD-JAC and JAC-ORD-ROC. Outbound flights went without a hitch. ORD-JAC segment in an A-320 with new slim seats. Seats were more comfortable than I thought they would be based on previous reviews. Flight Attendants pleasant and made several passes with water for a three hour flight. Return was delayed two hours in JAC. Not a problem for me as I had a 5 hour layover scheduled in ORD. Equipment was an A320 as well and the Flight Attendants were pleasant and attentive. I would give higher marks for seat comfort except both ROC-ORD and ORD-ROC segments were on a regional partner using an ERJ-145. Seating was cramped and the small cabin is not for those with claustrophobia. In all United gets you from point A to point B. They certainly aren't JetBlue."
"I've never actually been embarrassed to be seen travelling business class before. I met a colleague at the airport and I was wearing the same clothes for the past 2 days (they cancelled my flight and didn't return my luggage- later found out that they had reinstated the flight but didn't tell me). In front of us both I was told by a flight agent that the flight United had booked me on was full-they didn't even book the other flight! Now my rescheduled flight is delayed another 4 hours."
"Overbooked flights planes grounded for maintenance issues replacement aircraft with fewer seats. My flight out of Houston quickly fell apart as the original plane was both over-booked and grounded for maintenance issues. While waiting to find out if there were enough seats for everyone stragglers who had been bumped off previous flights were given seats over those who were actually assigned to the flight. Overall a very poorly executed attempt at damage control."
"I flew from Paris to St Louis (MO) transit at Newark 3 hours flight delay from Newark to St Louis and 4 hours flight delay on the return flight from Newark to Paris. Reasons for delay: aircraft/crew not available plane maintenance etc. Food quantity absurd compared to other airlines. Avoid this airline even if it offers attractive prices it is not worth it."
"Flight 839 Los Angeles to Sydney 4th April 2015. Departed LA near enough on time flight uneventful until approx 3/4 hr before landing. We were informed by the Captain that because of bad weather we were to be diverted to Brisbane. In Brisbane we were told to stay on the plane until further notice. With only minutes to spare before the cut off time for Pilots and Crew expired we approached the runway for our return to Sydney. We only got half way when the Captain announced we were not going to take off as their time had expired. We were taken off the plane and told to wait until a new crew could be found. Almost 12 hrs later and a frustrating lack of information we were told that finally they had a crew but no pilot then we had a pilot but due to administration problems we could not leave. After a 15hr flight and 12 hrs sitting in an Airport we were all tired and at the end of our resolve. We finally arrived in Sydney with a loud applause from all of us passengers 27 hrs later."
"I made my reservation months in advance. I was supposed to have an aisle seat about 5 seats from the back of the plane. When I boarded the plane I was not in that seat. Instead I was put in the very last row by the toilet. I had work to do and tried to power through it despite the terrible seat. The seat would not recline and the gentleman in front of me reclined so there was no room. My head was just inches from his reclined seat (I asked and he agreed not to recline all the way back). I was constantly bumped as people walked to use the toilet and the smell was terrible! I asked the steward why my seat was changed he said it happens all the time. You think you have reserved a seat in the middle of the plane but it is really further back. Otherwise no one would choose the back row. So I was tricked and according to the steward it happens all the time. He made no effort to apologize or make the situation right. It is one thing to realize in advance that the only open seat is by the toilet. It is another to pay that amount of money and reserved far in advance and get \"placed\" in the back by the smelly toilet. I put 1 star for food and beverages because I couldn't eat anything even the food I brought on board because of the smell of the toilet. I put 1 star for the entertainment because it required a credit card. I would have given negative for seat comfort and satisfaction if I could have. I put 1 for staff service as the man in the seat in front of me was hit in the head by the trash bag every time the stewardess went by and she didn't even seem to notice. On the plus side it was terribly windy and the pilot did a good job with the landing."
"My son and I recently had a connecting flight from Denver to Salt Lake City. When we got off the plane the board said our flight had been cancelled. When we asked why they customer service representative told us that our flight had been chosen at random because of the weather. We were told to either wait at the airport for 12 hours or we could pay for a motel. In my opinion the motel should be provided if the airline has the ability to just randomly cancel flights. What a major inconvenience. The customer service rep was very rude and unaccommodating. I'll never fly united again."
"I made my reservation months in advance. I was supposed to have an aisle seat about 5 seats from the back of the plane. When I boarded the plane I was not in that seat. Instead I was put in the very last row by the toilet. I had work to do and tried to power through it despite the terrible seat. The seat would not recline and the gentleman in front of me reclined so there was no room. My head was just inches from his reclined seat (I asked and he agreed not to recline all the way back). I was constantly bumped as people walked to use the toilet and the smell was terrible! I asked the steward why my seat was changed he said it happens all the time. You think you have reserved a seat in the middle of the plane but it is really further back. Otherwise no one would choose the back row. So I was tricked and according to the steward it happens all the time. He made no effort to apologize or make the situation right. It is one thing to realize in advance that the only open seat is by the toilet. It is another to pay that amount of money and reserved far in advance and get \"placed\" in the back by the smelly toilet. I put 1 star for food and beverages because I couldn't eat anything even the food I brought on board because of the smell of the toilet. I put 1 star for the entertainment because it required a credit card. I would have given negative for seat comfort and satisfaction if I could have. I put 1 for staff service as the man in the seat in front of me was hit in the head by the trash bag every time the stewardess went by and she didn't even seem to notice. On the plus side it was terribly windy and the pilot did a good job with the landing."
"I booked a last minute trip from Orlando FL to Hong Kong. The price was OK for few days notice but the in-flight experience was one I would like to forget. In the past I flew overseas with other international airlines from abroad and most treated me and my family very good. With United it was my worst experience flying overseas. Flew from Orlando via Newark to Hong Kong direct. The seats were hard as a rock which made it very hard to sleep. The entertainment system offered all these channels and music that did not work and not available for viewing. The food was terrible and small. It was half the size of a lean cuisine dinner. They charged me $8.00 for a half a can of beer. The attitude of the flight attendants were rude. Returning back to Orlando via Chicago from Hong Kong the flight was an hour and a half late which caused me to miss my connecting flight to Orlando. Got no sympathy from service desk and was stuck in Chicago for an extra 4 hours. I will not fly United ever again. Its not only bad service they provide but bad attitudes and they want to change you for every single little amenity. Avoid this airline if you can."
"ORD (Chicago O'Hare) to OGG (Maui Kahului) round trip. To Maui it was announced that the flight (a B777) would not have wi-fi. Luckily we brought our own electronic devices loaded with media to watch or read on. On the way back wi-fi was available but none of our devices was able to connect (iOS and Android) stuck in \"sign in\" anywhere from 20% to 80%. The home-leg departure was delayed for loading of catering supplies (i.e. food that would be for sale?). Flight attendants are rude as if you were sitting in their furniture without asking. It's easy to use polite language and manners even if you're not sincere yet they could not muster a minimum effort. The price for this flight is quite high as much as ORD to an Asian destination but it seems more like a budget flight. I guess it's because it's a straight flight (no lay-overs). Next time I will try Alaska Air with one stop-over at a much lower price (less than half!)."
"The flight is always too full for everyone's carry on baggage. I don't like having to make sure I'm first in line to get onboard just so I know I don't have to check my bag. I had to check my bag the last few trip and wait for an hour for it to come through after landing. I cannot believe they are now charging for inflight entertainment. It's one step too far."
"ORD (Chicago) to OGG (Maui). They notified us that there would be no wi-fi on the flight. Fine. We had media- filled devices so we could tolerate the 9-hour flight. OGG to ORD wi-fi was 'available' but none of our devices (Android and iOS) would connect. Loading for the sign-in page would stop at 80% at the highest but then would hang. Forget about it. Take-off was delayed for loading of 'catering supplies' (food that would be sold to us?). Flight attendants are always rude as if clearly they would rather be doing something other than attending. Waving a hand for your trash dour faces curt language (\"You need to [do this or that].\") All this for the privilege of a non-stop flight at an international price. Hello Alaska Airlines."
"My husband is a frequent flyer with United Airlines in his personal and business travels without incident. In saying that I am a reasonable person I can understand that our flight was delayed and then cancelled due to mechanical problem. However the rudeness of the ticket agents was a total shock to me and most of the other passengers. Staff did not seem to be equipped to handle helping people re-route their flights and were flustered and unprofessional. It is very difficult for me to express my disappointment in the way the situation was handled. The only apologies we received were from the airport security officers who showed up at gate 29. There were no announcements stating that they (the ticket agents) were going to help us with connecting flights there were no apologies for the inconvenience of having to sleep in the airport no announcement that first class passengers and those with small children would be found hotel rooms and others would be left to their own devices to sleep at the gate. Some water and sodas were provided but not enough for everyone. The ticket agents seemed to be \"put out\" in trying to help us. Isn't that their job? I believe that customer service is a huge part of any business and if you don't have good customer service you have nothing. No food vouchers were offered unless asked for this I found out by asking a fellow passenger where he had received his vouchers.It should have been announced that everyone would receive these after a long night sleeping at the gate. The lack of communication was shameless and again unprofessional! I believe there needs to be some training with the staff at United Airlines Maui to help in dealing with situations such as cancelled flights and exhausted guests. And regarding the 125.00 voucher we received for the inconvenience of this debacle doesn't come close to compensating for the discomfort and inconvenience of having to sleep on a filthy airport floor! Horrible customer service made the situation even worse."
"Recently flew SFO-IAH-EWR then EWR-ORD-SFO. First class cabin every flight. United's 737-900 series aircraft are nice but the leg room provided hardly warrants first class. Wifi failed on every leg except SFO-IAH. If you navigate off the personal entertainment offering to wifi it is impossible to get back. So if the wifi fails - which it often does on United - you have nothing. Meals were improved over past on a couple of legs the same poor food as on the others. Wines still bad. Boarding ridiculous as Group 1 is now huge with no preference to First Class. I've flown the airline for years because of its dominance at SFO but take other Star Alliance airlines when going overseas. United had delays on both parts of return whereas others I knew on Jet Blue out of JFK (down a runway) got out on time. May be time to give up my 1K and go elsewhere."
"I had my first and hopefully last experience with United Airlines this past week. I flew round trip to Orlando with a friend for spring break. Our flight down was delayed three hours because of weather which is admittedly not United's fault however we missed a connection in D.C. and had to fly standby on a later flight that put us at our destination 6 hours after we were scheduled to arrive. The return flight was the real terror though. Our first leg from Orlando to Chicago was fine except for the airline insisting on checking our carry ons through to the final destination. Once in Chicago we were told our flight to Burlington was delayed due to mechanical problems. Eventually we boarded the flight an hour late and took off. We then turned back and circled O'Hare for an hour and a half due to mechanical problems before making an emergency landing and having to get off the plane. They then cancelled that flight after leaving us sitting for two hours while they tried to find another aircraft. At that point I was told there was no way to get me to Burlington before Sunday night (my original flight was Friday morning). I tried to book a flight to a nearby city and was told it was impossible to fly anything other than standby. I was booked on a confirmed seat to Albany for Saturday morning and tried two standby flights Friday night. My friend made it out but I ended up in the airport overnight (I was not offered accommodation). When I went to board my flight Saturday morning they informed me that there had been an error and the flight was overbooked. I was bounced from that flight and booked on one departing in the afternoon. The afternoon flight was cancelled due to mechanical problems and I was unable to get out until Saturday night at 11 pm. After all that they refused to even consider shipping my bag until I had landed in Albany (it had been shipped to Burlington on Friday). It is now Monday and I still have not received my bags. Their customer service is unfriendly unhelpful and refuses to let you speak to someone in charge. I will never fly United again and I discourage anyone from doing so unless they don't mind spending hours in an airport without their luggage."
"Business seats not up to international standards. The row of 4 seats in the middle feels like a dormitory. Excellent that an airline would invest in such sub-standard seating. United is my last Star Alliance choice for international travel."
"I booked a flight to Bahamas through United and it was their Silver Airlines. My flight over was late and coming back the plane had 20 plus passengers and we were all checked in and they delayed our departure. We all missed our connecting flights. There was no apologies no explanations. We were to depart at 2.25 finally getting off the ground at 6.25. Since I was heading to New England there were no seats and I had to purchase a new ticket on a different airline and could only get to Hartford. That ticket cost me $600 and I am very upset with their lack of customer service. My advice don't fly United Silver unless you have make your flights a day apart. This company didn't apologize and kept us in the dark."
"Business seats not up to international standards. The row of 4 seats in the middle feels like a dormitory. Excellent that an airline would invest in such sub-standard seating. United is my last Star Alliance choice for international travel."
"I booked my trip from UK to Florida via Newark over 8 months ago. I did not realise that the flights would be regularly cancelled or changed. First flight out of Manchester was 3 hours delayed because of staff shortage. Last flight out of Fort Lauderdale was delayed by 4 hours leaving us 30 minutes to run to gate for the flight back to Manchester. There is only one flight a day and we felt we had to make it. Most of staff were not interested in helping us. The whole United experience was a nightmare not the dream holiday we planned. Also the inflight entertainment did not work in my seat."
"Arrived at Calgary Airport only to find out our plane which was coming out of Denver was delayed over two hours due to weather. This will put us in Chicago too late to make our connection. This means we cannot fly out till the next morning. United will not give us a voucher for anything because the delay was not 4 or more hrs. I looked at Denver weather radar and there is no bad weather. Gate people keep saying bad weather. Maybe there was down the line but not in Denver as they are insisting. So they don't have to supply vouchers for this late leg. The week prior I was booked on flight out of Houston. They had to change equipment then we were told it would take a few minutes to do the 'paperwork'. Two hrs later they finally finished. I like being informed and being told the truth. Will not fly United anymore."
"I recently flew United from Shanghai to Chicago on B747-400 in Global First seat 2A. This airline is a disaster. First the boarding. Group 1 which includes first class had about 90 people in Shanghai with the line stretching down the corridor. In fact there were more people in group 1 than in group 4 or 5. So much for First Class. The front cabin of B747 is old and dirty. Seat 2A has more privacy than most but overall the first class cabin is tight with very little privacy and people on top of each other. The seat is long and comfortable and you can sleep. The flight attendants…- one was pleasant and the other really did not care about anything. The food was horrible cold appetizer awful salad. The food lack warmth/taste/presentation. Breakfast was down right disgusting. Maybe this is because on the way to China I flew with ANA and the service is excellent and incomparable. Flying United is not really a first class experience in any shape or form."
"I was very hesitant to fly United again for my family vacation. The first time I flew United I ended up sleeping in the airport when my flight was cancelled. The second time I had two delays that left me on the runway for two hours each. Today I am done. I will never fly United again. Right now I'm in Houston. I was supposed to be in Florida two hours ago. Instead my family of three is sitting in a hotel room with a 4 year old who can't sleep."
"My family and I were flying from Cancun to San Antonio with what was supposed to be a short stop in Houston. Because the plane departed late from Cancun we made it through the long lines and customs with 15 minutes left to make our gate. That is until they called me back and said they won't take my luggage. I asked why and was told there was not enough time. We told them we could easily make it to the gate and they refused to let us go. Instead we were sent to the ticket counter to. Rebook our flight. That is when we were told the flights were booked and we might not leave till the next day. They were not willing to work with us at all and it just infuriated us more. We asked to speak to the manager and he also came off as arrogant and took no responsibility for our situation. We ended up having words with him that got us nowhere. That was the last flight with United that we will take."
"I traveled from Minneapolis to New York and didn't have to check my suitcase at all. Then on my way back to Minneapolis I had to check my bag at LaGuardia airport in NY. I don't understand why I have to check my bag on the way back but not on the way there. The baggage people were not the nicest and it definitely wasn't an ideal situation. I had to pay a fee that I wasn't planning on paying and I shouldn't have had to pay it. From this experience I would not fly United Airlines again."
"With so many carriers to choose from why would anyone fly United. We flew from San Fran to Boston and were never offered a glass of water. There was no entertainment offered. On the flight out it cost $7.99 for DirectTV and it was not worth it. The 'food' offerings were terrible (Pringles? Trail mix?). There is no leg room and seats barely recline. Is this airline for real?"
"We set out from Omaha NE approx. 6am to arrive in Kona HI on Feb. 5th at approx 2.30pm. We had connecting flights in Denver and LAX. We sat on the runway in Omaha for 1.5 hrs with maintenance issues and paperwork past our connecting flight departure time out of Denver. At Denver they shuffled us back and forth between customer service and the boarding gate finally they ended up booking us on a flight to Oahu then Hawaiian Airlines to Kona. When we arrived in Oahu they had no record of us saying United did not have us booked to Kona. After waiting for everyone to board they were able to get us on. We arrived in Kona approx. 6.5 hrs after we expected to missing a 1/2 a day of our vacation time any activities we had booked and no luggage! Our luggage arrived about 11pm at night. Our return flight was not any better. We arrived at the airport early and was told they had a flight leaving shortly and room on it. With our Kona bound experience we thought it may be a good idea to have more time. Before we boarded they had hydraulic problems and the flight was delayed. We were told our tickets were gone for our originally booked flight. So we waited and for once we made it in time for our connecting flight to Denver until we boarded the plane and the starter went out on the plane they brought it back in fixed it but not before we missed our connecting flight from Denver to Omaha. By now we were wondering if this was normal for United? At Denver again we were shuffled around until they finally found a flight into Omaha for us. Our flight experience with United was well below satisfactory levels. The maintenance issues should be a concern for United. I wonder what their Preventative Maintenance plan looks like if they have one at all and or if they should reconsider their Union as paperwork should not take that long. Not sure we will ever Fly United again. On the positive side we made it there and back!"
"I have never experienced such horrible service as I did this past weekend. I purchased my tickets on Jan 30 2015 for a trip on March 8 2015. Arriving at my destination was a pleasant experience the return was horrible upon receiving my boarding passes I did have a seat assigned in which when I bought my tickets I choose my desired seats. All of this occurred at the Washington Dulles Airport First of all I did not have a seat due to no seating being assigned to me and was told I may not have one due to overbooking. The flight ended up being cancelled due to the crew being late so therefore I was not able to get home because no other flights were being booked for my destination. Spent the night in the airport and when I did reach my destination the next morning my luggage had not yet been shipped. This is terrible service being that this was my first time using United."
"This was my first time flying with United. I took a trip from Kona HI to Salt Lake City UT. After 30 minutes and not taking off we finally discovered the fuel pump was out. Problems happen so that wasn't an issue. But they continued to have us sit on the airplane for 3 hours and got upset when people stood up even though the plane was not moving. After the three hours they confirmed the flight was canceled. They set everyone up with a hotel and a new flight which was excellent. My next two flights were delayed for over 25 min of the original take-off time making people rush if they had a connecting flight. I was not at all satisfied with how the trip went. My one day of travel turned into three days. On the newer planes the seats were comfortable. The staff were always well mannered and helpful. The food and beverages were good and the inflight entertainment wasn't great but there were a few options on the bigger planes. The small planes only had magazines which are not entertaining at all. I would not recommend United to anyone I care about."
"Flight 1570 to Tampa 3/2/15. It is absolutely unacceptable to make everyone board and say final boarding call almost half an hour early and then not have the plane prepared with food and beverages and make us sit on the plane waiting for food. Still sitting here when we should have left an hour ago. Why would you not have what is always needed on the plane? It's not a surprise. Why do we need food and beverage when the flight is 2 hours and everyone wants to leave without it? This is poor service poor planning and poor management. We will not be flying United anymore. I have never had this issue with such a short domestic flight. Unfortunately we had to fly United because we had to travel for a funeral and these were the only flights. Now we just want to get home but now we can't because we need stale pretzels that someone may want to purchase and no one can prepare or tell time. Never fly United the Unfriendly Sky's."
"Economy FLL-IAH-GRU-IAH-SFO - typical USA airline nothing special space between chairs is minimum service is the bare minimum. SFO-ICN paid 500 dollars for an upgrade plus some miles and it was worth it. Sat on the business class on the upper deck (B747) really needed for such a long flight. Service was good. Scores would be much higher just for this part of the trip."
"We traveled from the United States to a resort in Punta Cana. On the return trip our flight was delayed out of Punta Cana by an hour. This created a very short window of time to catch our connecting flight in Philadelphia. A plane was too close to the baggage area which delayed our bags and caused us to miss our connecting flight. We were then told there were no other flights that evening. (It was 8.30pm). The next available flight was at 9.45 the next morning. We were then informed that since the delay was because of \"airport traffic\" United was not responsible for paying for a hotel room for us-she did provide us with a pink card that would allegedly provide a cheap rate for us. After calling the number on the card that this upstanding United Airlines representative had so generously given us we learned that the nearest hotel we could stay at was 50 miles away. We were fortunate to find a \"Parking Spot\" driver who took us to a nearby hotel where many other stranded United Airlines customers ended up that evening. I hope to never have to give another dime to United Airlines and have told the travel agent to avoid them if at all possible."
"I flew from Puerto Vallarta (PVR) to DC with a connection in Houston. There were literally thousands of people waiting to check in to United flights in PVR with lines stretching the length of the entire terminal. Only four check in desks were open one was even closed. There were no announcements and a United rep went through the lines asking for passengers on the next flight only once. Flights out of PVR were delayed by as much as 2 hours or more. There was no help in Houston for people who would miss their connections. I arrived at my gate just before the door closed and the sullen attendant at the desk refused to ask permission for me to board. A few minutes later the door even opened to let out a passenger who had been checked into the wrong flight and the (now two) attendants refused to try to get me on board. This was the last flight out to DC and as a result I had to stay overnight in Houston. All told it took me 26 hours to travel from PVR to DC entirely due to United's incompetence and non-existent communications. A true nightmare."
"We booked a flight from BWI to IAH for 2/22 at 7.10 am and were scheduled to arrive in Houston at 9.45 am. Instead we did not arrive until about 8pm. It was an all day ordeal and we lost an entire day of our vacation. United had mechanical issues on flight 234 but after many delay announcements it took them until about noon to cancel the flight. We sat on the plane for a short while then for many hours in the airport until they cancelled it. Then we had to go all the way back out to check-in to wait in a line for about another 2 hours to be told there were no flights at BWI to Houston that day. United employees were few and far between not nearly enough to handle the re-booking of an entire flight. Eventually we were bussed to the Dulles airport for a 4.30 flight to Houston. We were not given any food and United employees were short-tempered and quite helpless. I heard other passengers say they received food vouchers so I couldn't help but wonder why we were not given anything. Maybe it was because we were Travelocity customers rather than direct customers with United or maybe it was because we were very easy and never mouthy or difficult with anyone. On our flight from Dulles to IAH I was seated in a middle seat separated from my husband which was very difficult because of all the turbulence and my motion sickness. Our experience with United when flying back started out much the same - computers down very long lines and few United employees to help. After check-in the process finally improved and our flight back to BWI was smooth and uneventful."
"Just got hosed by United's new international luggage policy. Flew from US to Grand Cayman Island last week. No longer do they allow the usual 1 checked bag free which is the standard on international travel. $25 for my wife's bag and $25 not overweight not oversized just a regular bag. Seems now any checked bag now is charged for shorter international flights. Plus to make matters worse for some bizarre reason Grand Cayman will not let you go through security with a fly rod despite having flown all around the world with one and no problem from any other security. So now this has to be checked which becomes a 2nd checked bag at $40. $40 for a couple 30\" long by 1 1.2\" diameter tubes taped together! At least that one was only on the return leg. I travel a lot and while I cant say I will never fly United again since there are limited options anymore but it will flat out have to be my only option to a place I really want to go to. They even require you to pay if you wanted to watch the flight information screen which is just a GPS screen with a plane drawn on it showing where you are on a map! They have always been bad now they are abusive."
"I flew from Sky Harbour to San Francisco for a connecting flight to China. As per other American Airlines United really is a cattle truck delivery. On both flights with United you had to check any items larger than a backpack at the gate often by a grumpy employee. The flight was okay but the cabin attendant look like she was going out shopping for the day United really lacks class on all level."
"2 weeks ago my husband and I went to New Zealand. For years we travelled with Air Canada or Air New Zealand and this last time we made a big mistake and decided to fly with United. We prolonged our arrival to Auckland by a few good hours but we would have co-oped with these extra hours had it not been for the awful time on the flight to and from Auckland. There is no room for peoples legs. This is a very long flight and airlines need to consider peoples health. The food was awful. Cold and not edible. The flight attendants beyond rude. I was shocked when 2 of them who could not decide if the liquid in the pots was tea or coffee simply removed the lids and put their noses in. When we got to Sydney Australia we embarked on an Air New Zealand flight to Auckland. What a huge difference. All of the sudden we could stretch our legs. The food was edible and the flight attendants were courteous. Going back home to Canada the experience repeated itself. We flew Air New Zealand to Sydney and everything was good and then hell repeated itself when we had to embark Untied from Sydney to Canada. My husband and I decided that never again will we fly United."
"February 27th flight UA 836 from Shanghai to Chicago was delayed 1.5 hours we got on the plane and were told that one of the radios was not working. After 2 hours the captain said that the flight was cancelled. I was sitting on the upper deck. When the flight crew were walking out of the flight deck they saw us all sitting and asked why were we still in our seats and did they not tell us that the flight was cancelled? We told them that no one made the announcement! Half an hour later the gate agent came in and told everyone in Chinese that the flight was cancelled they repeated in English that we should get off take our bags and proceed to door number 24 near Burger King where there would be a bus to take us to the hotel. They did not say which hotel or which bus. Everyone was confused which way to go. After much shouting by the mob of passengers they lead us to passport control. We went through but could not find out how to get out of immigration. Together with another passenger found gate number 24 but there were no people or buses. I found a United staff member who told us that the door had been changed to #23. We went out and there were 4 buses. No one knew what we were saying as they did not speak English. Luckily a Chinese woman came and we found the bus to learn that they were taking us to Sheraton 1 hour away. I decided to go to the Airport hotel which is in the terminal instead and pay out of pocket. They have arranged for the same plane to fly tomorrow at noon. This is an unscheduled flight. United really dropped the ball everyone was stranded with no direction or help."
"Terrible experience flying UA from SFO to IAD. Very poor customer service all along the continuum. First my return seat assignment was changed from an aisle to middle seat without my knowledge (no one would correct the error by phone) then there was a 5 hour delay leaving SFO. Upon arrival at IAD we found our luggage had been loaded on a different plane that would not arrive at Dulles for another hour. Because of the 5-hour delay it was almost midnight at this point. The next day we had to go in search of our own luggage at the \"lost luggage\" distribution center. United Customer service staff was of no help. Talk about the unfriendly skies."
"Cheap cheap cheap. Golly how expensive would it be to let people watch the TV news on an all-day plane ride or allow 'free' Wi-Fi which is free everywhere else in the western world? A few snacks anything? Had a lovely cheerful flight attendant between San Francisco to Newark but all the airline nickel-and-diming takes all the fun out of what used to be half the fun: getting there-or back. It's as though they hate their passengers and make the trips as miserable as possible seats too narrow for a normal rear end aisles two skeletons could not pass in no place to put your legs if you have two seats that recline an inch and a half charges for even a small bag everything. Back to cars and trains or staying home I think it is just too exhausting and annoying and expensive to fly anymore."
"My wife and I flew business/first class on United Airlines from Maui to Denver with a plane change in LAX. Our flight on 2/5/2015 from Maui to LAX was UA417 an ancient 757-200. We paid a total of $4924.40 for two round trip tickets. Flight 417 was more like riding an old dusty city bus. Keeping in mind that we were in first class we were offered only a small bag of potato chips. That was it. We were told that there were no more snacks and we could have only one bag of chips. The flight attendants mainly sat in their jump seats the whole time just chatting or snoozing. The purser was pretty snotty when asked any questions. We had the old style seats that didn't recline much. And beyond our belief on the ongoing flight from LAX to DEN we had lay-flat beds. For a flight lasting less than two hours. We sure could have used those lay-flat beds for the over-ocean portion. We've avoided United for several years now and from now on will continue to avoid them."
"Travel from Newark to BOM direct and back Delhi to Newark direct. Paid for extra leg room but didn't feel much different. Food leaving Newark was good. On way back from India it was terrible. The veg breakfast was not edible. On return at Newark they could not unload checked bags for over two hours. Those with connections missed them. No apologies were made or compensation provided. In the future will prefer any other airline to United and are considering canceling our United credit card. Worst airline in business today."
"Flying UA in F (oxymoron alert) from ORD to NRT. Our 13-hour flight was delayed for three hours after we had boarded because of radio issues. About 30 minutes into the wait they opened up the main door and with temps outside around zero the F cabin quickly became a freezer. I could actually see the breath of the pax in 4A. The cabin itself was tired and dirty with tissues stuck between my seat and the wall. The toilet rubbish bin overflowed about halfway through the flight and was never emptied. The toilet seat was filthy by the end of the flight. WiFi was broken. On the bright side the amenity kit comes with a United-branded ballpoint pen and comb. The food apart from a cold but well-cooked tenderloin steak was largely inedible. The “sausage” that came with the dry crusty omelette was a hard brown puck of mystery meat. Food in ANA Y is far better. There was no wine list because there were only four mediocre wines and some cheap sparkling in 375ml bottles. Service was not rude for the most part but below economy standards on any Asian carrier. I had to wait 10 minutes to get a cup of dishwater coffee. When the woman seated next to me asked what the squid sushi was the FA replied (with a smile to be fair) “Don't ask me I don't make it.”The shoulder harness that F pax are required to wear on takeoff and landing was extremely uncomfortable. When I remarked on this (politely and with a smile) to the FA while putting mine on she patronizingly replied “We can endure anything for a few minutes Mr. Johnson.”Will never ever fly United long-haul again."
"I have flown United my whole life. It had been ten years since I had flown. This last week we flew from the mid west to the pacific coast using nothing but United. It's natural to have delays from weather related issues but We didn't have any to worry about. What has completely destroyed my desire to fly anywhere again is the complete lack of planning customer service and treatment from all the personnel we had contact with. Our delays service and vacation was substandard because we chose this airline. I will not recommend this airline to anyone."
"Overall based on a round-trip flight between IAD and SFO I would give United 0 stars. On the outbound leg there was a medical emergency on-board and the United flight crew was totally unprepared to handle the situation. If a medical kit was on-board it wasn't made available to the medical personnel who tried to provide assistance and it took 15 minutes for the Flight attendant to bring a wet towel to help cool the patient down. Our return flight was delayed by almost 5 hours with not even \"we apologize\" for the delay from United. Then our bags were placed on a different flight that didn't arrive until 1 hours after our flight and the bags didn't show up at the airport until 4 hours after we landed. Again no apologies from United. then we got numerous texts from United about the status of our bags. One even claimed the bags arrived at IAD 2 hours before we did. Most of the customer support folks at the Baggage Claim customer support were surly and not the kind of people who should be working in customer support."
"I recently flew from Indiana to Kansas City with a connection in Chicago. My flight from IN to Chicago was delayed by two hours causing me to miss my connection and stay another night. The staff at the ticket counter were very rude and not helpful at all. The next day my flight from Chicago to KS was delayed again because of another plane coming late. Two and a half hours later we finally take off. All the staff can say is sorry for the delay. Needless to say I will never fly with United again."
"I have no idea why they call travelling United \"flying the friendly skies\". I have not seen even one friendly FA during my two flights. During SJU-EWR leg we weren't even greeted while boarding the plane. It felt like a sarcastic joke when they showed a safety video at the beginning of the flight with smiling crew greeting you since all you see on board is sad tired unprofessional crew. The flight was 90 minutes late due to an electronic glitch in one of the plane's systems. Even though many were going to miss their connections in FRA there were no apologies given - just a statement of facts. Pilot announcements consisted of mumbling something intelligible into a PA system couple of times and when it was brought to the attention of a FA she responded \"Oh yes I know I could not understand him either\". Thirdly it is a meal service. Food itself was inedible but this is a common trend of many airlines so I did not have any expectation in regards. The main issue was what they call service on board United or total lack of it. There were no smiles no \"enjoy your meal\" no \"what would you like\" just appalling \"what do you want\" and throwing it at your table - truly \"the friendly sky\"! There was a row and a half of passengers forgotten during the beverage service and FA had to be reminded to serve us some drinks. I understand mistakes and miscommunication may happen but a little \"sorry\" would be the right word to say. There were none! And lastly is the seat comfort. I understood that new United modus operandi of the economy class is to squeeze you towards the back of the plane into old uncomfortable seats with no leg room (in which no one should be allowed legally to seat for more than 2 hours) so you would spend a hundred or so bucks for the Economy Extra next time you fly with them. I also however do believe that even the most affordable on-board service class should include some basics of travel and hospitality: decent amount of leg room (not extra but just sufficient) acceptable service and a friendly crew. Anything beyond that should be considered extra and come for a price of course that customer will chose to pay or not. Since United has obviously different point of view in this regard I will avoid flying them next time."
"Houston to Narita and Narita to Houston - dirty plane restrooms not cleaned during the flight and staff could learn how to serve with a smile from almost every Asian airline. Only positive was the flights were on time. We should not be treated like cattle and rude attendants who complained about the merger of two airlines rather than even attempting to serve the passengers. Oh and the meals were 1/2 the quality of ANA Delta Air France or KLM."
"I recently flew from Indiana to Kansas City with a connection in Chicago. My flight from IN to Chicago was delayed by two hours causing me to miss my connection and stay another night. The staff at the ticket counter were very rude and not helpful at all. The next day my flight from Chicago to KS was delayed again because of another plane coming late. Two and a half hours later we finally take off. All the staff can say is sorry for the delay. Needless to say I will never fly with United again."
"I have no idea why they call travelling United \"flying the friendly skies\". I have not seen even one friendly FA during my two flights. During SJU-EWR leg we weren't even greeted while boarding the plane. It felt like a sarcastic joke when they showed a safety video at the beginning of the flight with smiling crew greeting you since all you see on board is sad tired unprofessional crew. The flight was 90 minutes late due to an electronic glitch in one of the plane's systems. Even though many were going to miss their connections in FRA there were no apologies given - just a statement of facts. Pilot announcements consisted of mumbling something intelligible into a PA system couple of times and when it was brought to the attention of a FA she responded \"Oh yes I know I could not understand him either\". Thirdly it is a meal service. Food itself was inedible but this is a common trend of many airlines so I did not have any expectation in regards. The main issue was what they call service on board United or total lack of it. There were no smiles no \"enjoy your meal\" no \"what would you like\" just appalling \"what do you want\" and throwing it at your table - truly \"the friendly sky\"! There was a row and a half of passengers forgotten during the beverage service and FA had to be reminded to serve us some drinks. I understand mistakes and miscommunication may happen but a little \"sorry\" would be the right word to say. There were none! And lastly is the seat comfort. I understood that new United modus operandi of the economy class is to squeeze you towards the back of the plane into old uncomfortable seats with no leg room (in which no one should be allowed legally to seat for more than 2 hours) so you would spend a hundred or so bucks for the Economy Extra next time you fly with them. I also however do believe that even the most affordable on-board service class should include some basics of travel and hospitality: decent amount of leg room (not extra but just sufficient) acceptable service and a friendly crew. Anything beyond that should be considered extra and come for a price of course that customer will chose to pay or not. Since United has obviously different point of view in this regard I will avoid flying them next time."
"Recently flew from Boston to San Francisco on a 757. First at the check in where Star Alliance Gold Passengers have to pay for an extra bag. Then to the lounge - dirty and too full. Then onboard - crew so grumpy and super senior rude crew. Very limited service and no smiles at all. Crew just wanted to get their job done so they could chat amongst themselves at the back of the Y class cabin. Honestly I dread flying this airline - UA has to be the worst airline in the Star Alliance. SQ TG NH TK please teach them how to serve their customers better!"
"I have been a loyal UA Mileage Plus customer since 1984. On my last flight from FLL to SFO (Flight 1645 on 2/1/2015) I was not admitted into the FLL Lounge - despite me having presented a very valid UA Club Pass which I received last week in relation to my new Chase MP Explorer Visa Card. Even the remark that I travel on First Class did nothing. The lady in the lounge claimed that the United Passes I got from Chase were falsified! They were not as UA customer service later confirmed. The flight itself was a horrible experience: None of very old blue leather seats in First Class reclined. There were no foot-rest (which is standard even in many Economy Classes around the world - for example on Turkish Airlines). The United First Class Seat was at least 30 years old with a sealed armrest ashtray. The food was horrible and cold and a stewardess did not know the difference between white wine and champagne. The Video system on my seat had no audio. The much touted \"Wi-Fi” did not work - I could not connect. I conveyed to UAL that they should not use such equipment on long-haul flights. The flight in First (which really was not a First Class experience at all) cost me 50.000 Miles. I will frequent other airlines from now on."
"Frequent flyer here. Worst flight experience I have had. Flight was supposed to be 53 minutes long. Got 44 minutes delayed due to late arrival of the plane. After boarding 15 minutes delay due to \"technical difficulties\". Smallest plane I've been in. Even though I wasn't planning on checking in my backpack the plane was so small that most passengers had to give their carry on luggage to the flight attendants to pick up from the luggage claim later. After landing (59 minutes after we were supposed to) the baggage claim carousel wasn't turned on until 35 minutes later! 2 other flights' passengers have landed after us collected their luggage from the carousel next to ours and left. Finally 40 minutes after landing (which is unusual for a domestic flight at a small airport) they started providing our luggage. The only good part about the whole flight was the behaviour of the pilot and the attendant. My ride was waiting outside for an hour and a half and I was extremely embarrassed. Never again."
"Recently travelled from Fort Lauderdale to Vancouver on 2 different United Airline flights. I have never complained to an airline before about leg room until now and have been travelling since 1976. If you tried to seat your pet into an area as small I think you would be answering to a higher authority. That's how bad it is folks! They actually allow passengers to recline their seats during the flights so you know the rest of the story!"
"In-flight service is long out the window video entertainment is endless infomercials and the last scraps of legroom have vanished into thin air. On a recent full flight from Newark to Los Angeles a new super skinny seating was encountered that climbs to a whole new altitude of pain and suffering. When reputable airlines change to slim seats the airline gets more seats on the plane and passengers get a bit more legroom but at United this would never fly. United now using Continentals short-haul 737-900s on long-haul routes has extra extra seats that don’ t quite fit. To make passable exit row clearance seats behind are compacted to even less than their typical 30-inch seat pitch on this aircraft - less than the 31-inches specified for many other flights - and much less than the 32-inches United advertises when selling economy seats. My seat had only 2-feet clear butt-to-shin with perhaps an additional 4-inch knee-high seatback thickness - probably a 28-inch pinch - or less! When the passenger in front tried repeatedly to recline - there being no extra room it was impossible. The passenger drew a cabin attendant to complain that I would not allow the seat to recline. The attendant seriously explained to me that the passenger had purchased a ticket entitling them to my leg space and may fully recline the seat. Unfazed the attendant told me that if I wanted extra legroom I should have purchased an“Economy-Plus” seat. I asked how much it would cost but there were no free seats - at any price. I explained that I did not need extra legroom just sufficient room - which they were not providing. Not reconciled to the laws of physics the attendant continued insisting that this was all my fault - that I was taking up space that I was not entitled to - and had me turn sideways putting my knees in the aisle so the seat could recline. My shoulder was now in the way of the seat. I could not turn back either and complained that the vending carts would hurt my legs even more than the seatback. Only then did the attendant finally suggest that the other passenger switch seats with their adjacent small child. For $25 a luggage bag had more space than me - and was treated much better!"
"My family and I flew United for the last time over the holidays. We bought tickets the previous March in order to get direct flights to the west coast and seats together. We chose to fly out of Logan - very inconvenient for us but the only airport offering a direct flight. A few weeks before our trip we received an email telling us that our flights had all been changed. Now we were leaving hours earlier getting in hours later with stopovers both ways. These flights were on Christmas day and New Year's Eve - clearly a few hours made a huge difference. Also our seats were no longer together. I will never fly United again. Customer service is terrible."
"United Premium Economy is a gamble it seems to be directly dependent on the type of aircraft you are flying. On a 777 the seats are nice and spacious the services (seatback entertainment) are premium and you can really feel the extra legroom making the extra charge totally worthwhile. On a 747 the opposite is true I had more room in Economy on an Airbus than I did in Premium Economy on a 747. On the 747 I couldn't even fit my very small backpack under the seat in front of me and what little legroom I had was obstructed by a large piece of plastic. The aisles were noticeably narrower as well which made every beverage service an exercise in getting smacked with a cart (not fun on a 13 hour flight). I did notice there was an extra seat in every row on the 747 which is probably were all that extra room went. Also relying on the old school movie screens meant that even if you were trying to sleep a bright light was shining in your face. On the bright side as always the crew were nice courteous and professional. Long story short though? If you're going to spring for the Economy Plus make sure you're on the right type of plane it makes a big difference."
"Never again will my family and I fly with United Airlines! We flew in from Sacramento to San Fran and we missed the connecting flight to Hawaii because of their delays. We had to wait 2 hours then fly up to Seattle and then to Hawaii which made a 5 hour flight over 6 hours! On the way back from Hawaii we had a flight connecting us from LAX to Sacramento but missed it once more because we were sitting on the Tarmac for 40 minutes doing nothing. There were no more flights to SAC so we had to spend the night in LA. My husband 2 sons and I are now missing work and my 2 other children are missing school. Missing the flight once was bad enough but a second one is totally unacceptable. Both times the planes we needed to get on were sitting there and we were only late by minutes and they wouldn't let us on. We missed a whole day in Hawaii because of it. Also on the flight with UN from Hawaii to LA there was no complimentary food."
"Flight 914 from CDG to MCI with connection at Washington Dulles on Jan 14 in Economy class. The product featured by United is sub-standard. Of course ageing aircraft in the main leg (767) is clean and well maintained and this is the minimum you can expect from one of the largest airlines in the world. Check-in boarding operations baggage everything ok. Seats are standard. VOD is poor with very limited options and not user friendly. The music program was out of order for this flight and films not plenty. Besides on individual screens maps are not detailed and this system is less advanced than 20 years ago (I am not joking) in Asian companies. Also flight information is given exclusively in feet inches miles just if the metric system does not exist in the rest of the world! Regarding meals they are almost edible. We had chicken with some sauce (more sweet than sour) a large salad with a too smallish cup of dressing (good) and a kind of sponge cake pompously christened crumble – wrapped in a cello paper printed European quality but made in Alabama. All in a very small slippy tray complimented with picnic cutlery (100% plastic). And of course passengers have to pay 7.99 $ for one beer. Ridiculous. By the way a sandwich (not bad) was served before landing but do not expect more than water between meal and snack. Fruit juices ice creams and other open bar is a dream out of reach at United. Attitude of cabin crew very professional (attendants have apparently about 20/25 years experience) working efficiently but not cheerful (friendly skies really?) in very bland uniforms which could be copied from Railways of the 70’ Being familiar with Asian and Middle East airlines I find United well below what you may expect from such a large corporation."
"I flew to London on the so called \"Dreamliner\". United is so bad they have now changed out the seats in coach to the same tiny seats for short commuter flights. United plus is not a better seat or service just more leg room which is the least of the issues unless your over 6 feet tall. Beer and Wine are now $7 each! They are free on European airlines with more comfortable seats. I used to be bothered when they cancelled direct flights from Houston to Paris. Now I don't have to chose between United and Air France!"
"We had truly horrible service from the first flight out to the last flight of the return trip. United booked us to fly into Newark to connect with a flight out of JFK - we got the joy of finding this out when we checked in. On the return flight from Zurich the cabin crew announced that they were short staffed due to management cut- backs. Translation in our case where we were seated near the rear of the plane is that we got one small sandwich six hours into the flight. I would have killed for a glass of water and maybe some food. Then our connecting flight to Raleigh was cancelled due to 'weather' and therefore we were responsible for our own sleeping arrangements. The 'weather' in Raleigh was drizzle. Our bags went American and arrived on time. A complaint to United was not even met with an apology. Instead they offered of a $100 voucher for future travel with them!"
"I try to avoid flying United when I can but as I was with Continental I sort of inherited their frequent flyer program. So my review is of a recent flight this last summer but also of their frequent flyer plan which unless you are a Business flyer I would avoid. It's almost impossible to move up to Gold with them. I flew 50K miles flew on them 4 times but failed to spend 5000 dollars on their tickets because I live overseas and usually fly Turkish and claim the miles because I thought they were in the same alliance which it turns out isn't really true - at least not for United. The flight we took was from London to Houston. Cancelled because it's United and we were placed on a flight to NYC in an effort to get us to a flight that connected to Texas which we missed so then they put us on a flight to Chicago so that they wouldn't have to pay for a Hotel etc ad nauseam. Funnily enough our flight back to London from Texas had one leg cancelled because it's United and they told us to drive from Austin to Houston but that's another story altogether. The plane we were on from London to NYC was just about clean enough my gluten free meal was gone because it's United (My flight had been cancelled and my meal with it) and the entertainment system was down because it's United. Needless to say I am now with the FF program of Turkish Airlines and will never fly United again unless it's impossible due to US monopolistic practices. Don't fly United."
"I am currently sitting on the flight that was supposed to depart at 6.05 am from NY to Dayton. It is 6.40 am and we have not taken off. We have been sitting on the plane for almost an hour due to \"maintenance issues.\" I am not going to make my connection and this is after the exact same issue on the flight I took to NY. I was sceptical to book a flight with United based on anecdotal experience with friends and family but now I am experiencing it first hand on both legs of the trip. The first flight of the day and it is delayed? It is evident how United does business. By the way no word on when we are leaving."
"UA163 GUM-ICN 1/5/2015. We sat in the airplane 1.5 hours before departure due to a missing logbook. Add 5.5 hours to destination makes 7 hours total time in ac. Breakfast was served it was small and below standard. Flight attendants were hard to find for any extra drinks. 2.5 hours prior to destination captain turned on fasten seat belts sign due to turbulence hence terminating inflight service. There was no turbulence we were on top of the cloud layer. There was no turbulence during descent as well. I feel the seat belt sign was turned on to avoid further service to passengers. Inflight entertainment was poor quality. The small movie screen had continuous static making it impossible to watch."
"SFO-IAH B767-300. Seat broken not inclining. No advise at check-in that would allow a change before upgrade list to be activated. Lounge as a nice view but nothing to eat and bar is paid. Went to Singapore Airlines one. Much better."
"MAN to EWR RT BusinessFirst. I have been a loyal CO customer for about 20 years and have tried so hard to like the new United but my patience has definitely worn out. The service inboard is simply too hit or miss and increasingly miss. The FA's treat passengers like a necessary evil to be served minimally and with zero smiles or grace. The service is functional at best and once completed the FAs hide behind the curtain. Worst still their planes are already showing signs of ageing - on the outbound flight my moms seat reclined minimally and then jammed so she had to spend the rest of the flight bolt upright (she refused to switch with me). Notably the same seat was still broken 10 days later when she took the same flight home on clearly the same plane. Crew were indifferent to the seat problem. BA and Delta both have far more dependably good service and UA has simply stopped trying. I did a DL Gold status match for 2015 so will ditch UA after all these years. Shame but they just don't deserve my business anymore."
"This was my first and last time flying with United. I am a frequent Delta and Southwest traveler and was beyond disappointed with my experience on United. Our second flight was cancelled and it took someone over 15 minutes to inform us of this cancellation-additionally I was not notified via their app about this cancellation. It was 10am and they claimed they had no way to get us home that day unless we spent $80 to take a shuttle to another airport and then took two more flights from there. They then charged us three times for our bags. Overall (not including the two extra bag charges) this cost us an additional $180 and they refused to pay for a cent. I will never fly this airline again. Also as a side note as we spent the entire day in the airport we noticed that they overbooked every single flight some flights were overbooked by more than 10 people! Terrible airline-poor customer service and extra fees for everything (snacks bags television etc.)"
"IAH-GIG-B767/400. In the morning on United Airlines on-line check-in I could see that Aircraft would not be a 777 but a 767. At night on departure mess was absolute. Seats had been re-marked separating couples etc.. Departure was delayed 2 hours due to Cargo issues resulting of Aircraft change (which was NOT unexpected). Late 1h45 mn at arrival in Rio. No Amenities pouch (why?). Unacceptable food for International Business class: Ugly and dry. Overcooked. IFE was the same as 2 months before. How ? Seat remains flat and comfortable. FA's tried their best but passengers were upset."
"UA163 GUM-ICN 1/5/2015. We sat in the airplane 1.5 hours before departure due to a missing logbook. Add 5.5 hours to destination makes 7 hours total time in ac. Breakfast was served it was small and below standard. Flight attendants were hard to find for any extra drinks. 2.5 hours prior to destination captain turned on fasten seat belts sign due to turbulence hence terminating inflight service. There was no turbulence we were on top of the cloud layer. There was no turbulence during descent as well. I feel the seat belt sign was turned on to avoid further service to passengers. Inflight entertainment was poor quality. The small movie screen had continuous static making it impossible to watch."
"SFO-IAH B767-300. Seat broken not inclining. No advise at check-in that would allow a change before upgrade list to be activated. Lounge as a nice view but nothing to eat and bar is paid. Went to Singapore Airlines one. Much better."
"MAN to EWR RT BusinessFirst. I have been a loyal CO customer for about 20 years and have tried so hard to like the new United but my patience has definitely worn out. The service inboard is simply too hit or miss and increasingly miss. The FA's treat passengers like a necessary evil to be served minimally and with zero smiles or grace. The service is functional at best and once completed the FAs hide behind the curtain. Worst still their planes are already showing signs of ageing - on the outbound flight my moms seat reclined minimally and then jammed so she had to spend the rest of the flight bolt upright (she refused to switch with me). Notably the same seat was still broken 10 days later when she took the same flight home on clearly the same plane. Crew were indifferent to the seat problem. BA and Delta both have far more dependably good service and UA has simply stopped trying. I did a DL Gold status match for 2015 so will ditch UA after all these years. Shame but they just don't deserve my business anymore."
"This was my first and last time flying with United. I am a frequent Delta and Southwest traveler and was beyond disappointed with my experience on United. Our second flight was cancelled and it took someone over 15 minutes to inform us of this cancellation-additionally I was not notified via their app about this cancellation. It was 10am and they claimed they had no way to get us home that day unless we spent $80 to take a shuttle to another airport and then took two more flights from there. They then charged us three times for our bags. Overall (not including the two extra bag charges) this cost us an additional $180 and they refused to pay for a cent. I will never fly this airline again. Also as a side note as we spent the entire day in the airport we noticed that they overbooked every single flight some flights were overbooked by more than 10 people! Terrible airline-poor customer service and extra fees for everything (snacks bags television etc.)"
"IAH-GIG-B767/400. In the morning on United Airlines on-line check-in I could see that Aircraft would not be a 777 but a 767. At night on departure mess was absolute. Seats had been re-marked separating couples etc.. Departure was delayed 2 hours due to Cargo issues resulting of Aircraft change (which was NOT unexpected). Late 1h45 mn at arrival in Rio. No Amenities pouch (why?). Unacceptable food for International Business class: Ugly and dry. Overcooked. IFE was the same as 2 months before. How ? Seat remains flat and comfortable. FA's tried their best but passengers were upset."
"On our way back from Cancun we had a stopover in Houston. The flight from Cancun was delayed 1.5 hrs leaving us under 40 minutes to go through customs re-check our bags and get to a different gate in another terminal. We did not make our connecting flight. Along the way there were no helpful attendants and no actions taken to give us even a fighting chance to get to our gate. They attendants on the plane had no information about gates connecting flights or any other helpful info. We missed our connecting flight to New York. We kept getting sporadic ever- changing alert texts from United. Sometimes the flight was delayed by 2 hours and then reverted back to half an hour. We did not received a comped hotel and had to spend additional money staying the night at Houston. We were re-booked onto a flight the next day at 10.21 am. We arrived at the airport approximately two hours before the flight. Tthe flight was delayed 54 minutes and would now be departing at 11.15am. Shortly after we were told that the flight was delayed for 2.5 hours departing at 12.45pm. Having been up and at the airport since early morning we were famished. We decided to use the restrooms and grab a quick bite to eat as we had a 4-5 hour flight ahead of us. In that extremely brief time the flight time was reverted to 11 am. We received the notification at 10.30. After the flight was delayed 2.5 hours we made the rational decision to eat something in the meanwhile. Does United expect that it's customers not get up from their seats to relieve themselves get a drink of water or a quick bite to eat after having waited at the airport for so long? We missed our connecting flight again due to incompetence and poor customer service. We immediately went to an agent where we again received attitude and condescending lectures. I travel back and forth from the United States just to Canada alone at least 7x (round trip) a year. We recommend you stay away from this airline."
"Dallas - New York - Stockholm. I have previously promised to never fly United again after a couple of extremely poor flight and customer care experiences. Now I end up on two United flights once again because that seemed to be the only option. This time the experience was slightly better. The staff is still a bit grumpy the entertainment system is below average the food is among the worst I have had in the air and the check-in processes are a bit strange. Nevertheless I ended up coming home on time without being too frustrated!"
"I was astonished that 3 out of 4 flights of my honeymoon were delayed. In fact 2 of the delayed flights were more than 2 hours delayed. We flew 28th May 2014 LHR-SFO which was on time where we were supposed to catch a flight to HNL. The HNL flight was over an hour late in departure. On our return trip on 18th June 2014 the HNL-IAD flight was more than 2 hours late and the connecting flight to LHR on 19th June was boarded then disembarked as the plane was faulty - and we ended up with a 3 hour delay. No one at the airline seemed particularly bothered or apologetic."
"Flew from San Diego to Mobile. On all 4 flights they didn't have my husband and I sitting together. We talked to customer service at both airports and they refused to make any changes unless we paid $59 to upgrade to an extra leg room seat. To add insult to injury you have to pay for your luggage pay for the direct TV pay for any snacks - not even a peanut for free."
"Flew from San Diego to Mobile. On all 4 flights they didn't have my husband and I sitting together. We talked to customer service at both airports and they refused to make any changes unless we paid $59 to upgrade to an extra leg room seat. To add insult to injury you have to pay for your luggage pay for the direct TV pay for any snacks - not even a peanut for free."
"I have had more then one bad experience with United Airlines. Used United to fly at least 10 times in the last 10 months and almost 8 of those times something has gone wrong - cancelled flights ridiculous charges for flight changes if necessary recently my boyfriend couldn't make his first flight so United was going to cancel his round trip ticket home which meant he had to buy new flights. These are just a few examples."
"DAY-HAM round trip in Dec 2014/Jan 2015. All I can say is \"the absolute bare minimum\" from United. When you buy a ticket these days the airline only agrees to get you from point A to point B. They do not agree to feed you entertain you create a realistic schedule get you or your luggage to your destination within any realistic time frame or to help you find said luggage once they lose it. This is what you may expect from United - nothing more."
"Stuck in Belize for 7 hours because the plane did not leave Houston. No further explanation on the matter except that the plane never left. The United staff that rescheduled our connecting flights was extremely rude and not helpful at all. It almost seemed as if she was taking joy in the fact that we were all stranded there. Then every passenger was forced to stay the night in Houston. My flight was supposed to be the first flight out of Houston leaving at 7am so I get to the airport at 5.30 am to find out that now it doesn't leave until 9:00. Every single staff me member I've encountered or asked for help from is miserable and rude. This was a one time thing but I will never ever fly United again. It's been the worst airline experience of my entire life and I've flown hundreds of times."
"My husband and I traveled using ANA from Winnipeg - Bangkok then Toronto - Chicago and the Chicago-Toyko Narita flights were on United. We upgrade to Premium Economy for the 13 hour flight for comfort. Immediately we were grounded for 2.5 hours because the plane wouldn't accept the fuel. So all passengers including us who had to transfer in Narita were going to be late. Once finally in the air all audio wouldn't work. To add insult - the stove and cooking equipment wouldn't work either! For this 13 hour flight the attendants served us frozen turkey sandwiches with ice cream. United staff did announce to everyone that they were sorry for the poor service. They did pay for our hotel we were checked in at 3am and had to been on the next flight at 8am. The good news was the flight from Singapore to Bangkok was on Singapore Airlines. They are always in the top 5 airlines in the world for a good reason. On this 2.5 hour flight we had much better service. United needs to completely overhaul their policies from top to bottom."
"Flight 1252 to LA. Flight started off delayed 20 minutes then out to 40 minutes. Then we boarded and sat for a further 20 minutes. No communication from the staff regarding the delay until the standard 'loading some late luggage\" excuse. Really poor. Flight finally pushed back over an hour late with very little comment from a cabin crew that were largely anonymous. Crew standards are pretty ordinary. Never again with UA."
"What a ridiculous flight. My husband and I had to first had to wait over an hour to check our bags from Colorado to Alaska. Then our flight was over an hour late because of delays loading luggage. We missed our connecting flight and we had to wait in Anchorage with our three month old son for 8 hours. We didn't get a meal voucher or anything. The staff that worked for United told us that we weren't entitled and it was too bad. They gave everyone free movie on the plane but my husbands didn't work. I had already paid for a movie so it didn't matter on my screen. Will not be flying United again."
"United looks appealing simply because it offers more choice and times. In previous years it has been my first choice. Each time I was hoping the problem was just a fluke. The last 3 United flights all had huge delays and poor handling of the situation. The delay was not reported until after boarding time and passengers were not assisted with missing their connecting flight. Staff were rude and the planes were not very clean. United has grown too big to properly handle itself. If your looking for quality not quantity United is not the airlines to pick any more."
"Flew from LHR to Orlando via Washington. At LHR the staff were very helpful in sorting out our ESTA cock-up (kids' passports had been changed since applying for ESTA). That is the only positive about United. The seats are uncomfortable and cramped the choice of in-flight entertainment poor (even if you could see it on the minuscule seat-back screen) or for the 2 hour flights pay-TV and the food absolutely disgusting. No snacks offered (I guess they are worried people will fill up on these having tasted the food) although available to purchase and no complimentary alcohol. Attendants fairly average and could certainly do with a better corporate uniform on trip out. On way back distinctly poor. Most worrying was the man who was on our plane and about 20 mins before take- off realized he was on the wrong flight only when somebody else came to sit in his seat. How is that allowed to happen on United from Washington? From a security point of view it is unbelievable and I wonder how the poor bloke fared trying to find the correct flight. Oh yes and over-booked flights which I thought were a 20th century thing."
"I flew UA from New York to LA and had to buy $10 headphones if I wanted to watch the TV. I also booked the flights with my partner and put us seated together and when we printed out our boarding tickets they had moved us so we sat separately on the flight. We then flew from LAX to Sydney Australia. Once again they had separated us. We were extremely annoyed that we had to spend a 14 and a half hour flight sitting in between strangers when we booked to sit together. There was no complimentary alcoholic beverages and the good food always ran out by the time it got towards the end of the plane which a lot of people complained about to the staff. Overall I would never recommend UA to anyone. Splitting up couples and putting single riders between them is a joke and not good enough."
"Travelling from Ottawa to Maui on December the 28/2014 my experience with staff was not pleasant some of them were very rude and impolite. Service was pitiful not picking up garbage. At one point I had to take my own trash to the back of the plane where staff were standing and chatting between themselves. If I can help it I will never travel with this company again."
"I used United in the past for domestic flights in the US and it was average I thought it would be fine to use them to travel abroad. Price was the same as any other good or average quality airline. No less. Seat Comfort: average for domestic seat comfort with the disadvantage that there is no pillow blanket or other accessories offered. Food and Beverages: Here the situation started bothering me. The only available food was for sale! The only beverages were water juice and such. Everything else was for sale. Inflight Entertainment: The only provided entertainment was also for sale even to listen to music you had to pay. Staff Service: I guess this varies but it was pretty poor. Some flight attendants were not courteous and shouted at passengers who stood up at awkward times. $1000 USD 6 hrs trip with no entertainment no food (only beverages) rude attendants and semi-domestic flight seats. Moreover since only beverages were served there was a more than 6 people line to use the restrooms at all times for the last 3 hours of the flight. After traveling to Europe and South America for the last two years in different airlines I think this is a very poor service for such a high price. Other airlines give full service for about the same price!"
"Flew round trip Houston to Honolulu in Business Class costing over $6000.00. The seats didn't recline enough to sleep comfortably. The foot rest was manual and difficult to operate. The seat was not as wide as a normal business class seat. There was no TV monitor only wifi via the United app and your personal screen device. No one on the flight was aware of needing a personal device on the flight. There were no outlets available to charge a personal device if you had one and the wifi kept going out. The selection of movies was not current. Older movies and TV shows were the only thing available. The meals were awful pasta and sauce and a burrito the return flight had the same offerings other than a pathetic breakfast sandwich with paper thin ham. No amenity kit was offered on the red eye return flight. There was nothing upgraded or business class about this flight. I do not recommend this airline for the trip to Honolulu from Houston."
"Hong Kong to Newark in Business Class. Good flight attendant and a very comfortable bed. Unfortunately the Fasten Seatbelt Sign came on at least 8 times during the 14 hour flight and many times for the smallest turbulence which most passengers ignored. However a very loud recorded message came on every time that said \"Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign please make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened\". Because of this announcement I could never sleep more than 90 minutes at a time."
"Paid over $6000 for business class ticket to Honolulu. This is an 8.5 hour flight. Seat was smaller than any other business class seat I've experienced - no recline and very uncomfortable. Meals were worse than usual airline food a sad dish of penne pasta and tomato sauce. Second meal was a burrito wrap! Entertainment was pathetic. No monitor only WiFi which did not offer any new releases and service was sketchy lost connection several times. Staff was average competent but certainly not $6000+ of friendly skies. Will avoid flying this airline if at all possible. So not looking forward to the return trip. Would change plans but united charges $200.00 for any changes."
"The first leg of our flight was substantially delayed so when we landed in Houston there was no time to eat. Had we known that the next leg was also going to be delayed we would have just delayed boarding and grabbed something. From Houston to Aruba the flight attendants were unfriendly and cranky. They began to offer food for purchase only to find that there was only enough food for the first 1/3 of the plane. On this long flight they only came through the cabin once for beverages. A week later found us at the United counter because one member of our group of three had mysteriously been dropped from the reservation. It took over an hour to get United to see the error. Then of course the flight from Aruba to Houston was delayed but at least we didn't have to wait on the plane this time. Flight attendants were at least cordial and offered beverage service twice. They offered food as well but we had learned our lesson and ate in Aruba! Late getting into Houston so had to run (again) to catch our next plane for our final destination. The gold has definitely worn off the United name it's just sad that they have taken Continental (which I used to love to fly) down with them."
"Right now sitting at LAX on the taxi way for 40 minutes waiting for gate to open - ridiculous. This is after 5+ hour flight from Lihue HI. This is very poor management."
"Hong Kong to Newark in Business Class. Good flight attendant and a very comfortable bed. Unfortunately the Fasten Seatbelt Sign came on at least 8 times during the 14 hour flight and many times for the smallest turbulence which most passengers ignored. However a very loud recorded message came on every time that said \"Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign please make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened\". Because of this announcement I could never sleep more than 90 minutes at a time."
"Paid over $6000 for business class ticket to Honolulu. This is an 8.5 hour flight. Seat was smaller than any other business class seat I've experienced - no recline and very uncomfortable. Meals were worse than usual airline food a sad dish of penne pasta and tomato sauce. Second meal was a burrito wrap! Entertainment was pathetic. No monitor only WiFi which did not offer any new releases and service was sketchy lost connection several times. Staff was average competent but certainly not $6000+ of friendly skies. Will avoid flying this airline if at all possible. So not looking forward to the return trip. Would change plans but united charges $200.00 for any changes."
"Every winter United Airlines serves up the same \"we do not care\" service and \"Do not even ask us to care\" as it's simply more than they wish to even dream of fixing. Every winter flights leave Denver for the 30 minute hop into Aspen. Every year some flights may not land safely and the captain turns the plane around and takes the entire group back to Denver despite having three other airports at lower elevations that would place everyone within an hour to 90 minutes by bus or rent a car to Aspen but they make zero effort to make any contingency plan for this regular occurrence year after year. On the flight return to Denver the air hostess nor pilot make any effort to make any arrangements and at the counter upon arrival of course we wait another 30 min for a gate and the pilot answers are weaker than the air hostess. Then they try to pile all of us like cattle at the one service counter where the zig zag line crawls us through to one sour puss to tell you it's an act of God which excuses every lack of genius displayed on a regular basis. Each and every winter. Useless company #1 Award. I only gave them one star because I had to. Grooming is something else too with hair hanging out all over the place."
"I have been thinking of switching my loyalty from US Airways where I am a Million Miler. I am a mere silver on United but decided to add some miles on a round-trip from JFK to LAX with a return through IAH to get a rare domestic ride on a flat BX seat in the internationally-configured 787. Completed the outbound yesterday in a 1 year old 737-900 with 20 \"first class\" seats. When the FA's started taking meal orders. The FA first goes to a young lady in the seat in front of me and informs her of the two menu choices. He then moves back to my row (4) and asks the woman next to me which she wants. He then looks at me and says he will be back. Then he works the other side of the aisle. He appears to be randomly moving between seats. Finally he gets to me and there is only one choice and he explained they have been instructed to service the FC cabin in order of United priority. In other word the 16 nonrevenue upgrades get their choice compared to the schmuck without a lot of status who used real money (and not a small amount)."
"United has stopped providing complimentary alcohol on international flights. Flight between Asia and US they put us on a plane with no individual TV screen but the sharing overhead projector TV with pre-scheduled movies during a 12-hour flight. On my recent trip I traveled extensively with Cathay Pacific and Singapore which offers first class customer service to all travelers. I originally chose United based on its extensive hubs domestically and internationally expecting better travel planning and experience. With the increasing routes from CX between US London and Asia and the abundant options of good airlines domestically (Southwest JetBlue Virgin) I'd much rather put a little effort to plan my trip than to travel miserably with United."
"I was returning into Houston and catching a United flight from Houston to New Orleans. As usual for United they cancelled the last flight into New Orleans for \"maintenance reasons.\" Told they could have fixed the problem but would have had to call in a new flight crew and they don't want to spend the money - it's cheaper to book passengers into a hotel. This has now happened to me and close family members no less than five times in the last couple of months. It has become a routine practice with United."
"This was my first transatlantic flight and it was miserable. Being 6'4\" the legroom was not nearly sufficient. Food wasn't worth the calories and lacked all flavor. Staff is indifferent and we left ORD 90 minutes behind schedule. I know it's become cliché to hate on United but it Really is subpar. I've since flown Aer Lingus American Turkish British and KLM over the same route and all were better (American was a tie I'd say)."
"Every winter United Airlines serves up the same \"we do not care\" service and \"Do not even ask us to care\" as it's simply more than they wish to even dream of fixing. Every winter flights leave Denver for the 30 minute hop into Aspen. Every year some flights may not land safely and the captain turns the plane around and takes the entire group back to Denver despite having three other airports at lower elevations that would place everyone within an hour to 90 minutes by bus or rent a car to Aspen but they make zero effort to make any contingency plan for this regular occurrence year after year. On the flight return to Denver the air hostess nor pilot make any effort to make any arrangements and at the counter upon arrival of course we wait another 30 min for a gate and the pilot answers are weaker than the air hostess. Then they try to pile all of us like cattle at the one service counter where the zig zag line crawls us through to one sour puss to tell you it's an act of God which excuses every lack of genius displayed on a regular basis. Each and every winter. Useless company #1 Award. I only gave them one star because I had to. Grooming is something else too with hair hanging out all over the place."
"It's shocking how bad this airline can be. Flying out of Chicago-the United hub-we were delayed 2 hours while maintenance searched for a \"no go\" part to secure the carts in the galley. How such an apparently essential part was unavailable anywhere on the O'Hare property is unbelievable. It was a completely preventable delay and yet we received no apology from the crew."
"Late into Denver switched to Late flight to Chicago but they dropped our names off the seating chart so we all had spread out horrible seats given a motel in Chicago turned out to be a scam (had to pay for motel) because no more final destination flights until next day. Some very nice service but mostly very unfriendly rude horrible service people work for United. On way back same thing. Two hour delay for final destination and had to get another room waiting for guess. Which led us to meet another rude service person in customer service dept. So I will never fly the Un-friendly sky's of United again."
"I flew United First Class San Francisco to Seattle (Dec 2013) returning Jan 2014. I was appalled at the service or lack of! No food or drink service at all and this was in First Class! Ground crew at Seattle were terribly rude and should not even be employed in the service industry. United is the worst airline I have had the misfortune to travel on!"
"My wife and I travelled first class from Orlando to Newark recently. We were surprised to see there were no PTVs on the plane. When it was time for meal service we were told there was chicken dinner or a salad. We both don't eat chicken so we ordered salads - we were told they were out of salads. Policy for the 12 first class seats - 6 salads and 6 chicken dishes. Out of luck! We had cookies for dinner."
"LHR-SFO-ACV. Flight leaving LHR cancelled ground staff at Heathrow rude and obstructive wouldn't confirm flight was cancelled even though I called United direct who confirmed flight cancelled. United app also stated flight cancelled after 90 minute wait in departure lounge. Transfer to Newark flight which was then delayed leaving Heathrow as SFO passengers transferred onto this flight. Overnight accommodation provided in Newark. Return flight from SFO-LHR all London based crew utterly rude and disinterested in the role that they are paid for. 7th flight this year with United only airline that gets me to my final destination. Crew rude when I walked to the back galley to purchase duty free told me it was the busiest hour of the flight as were serving breakfast before landing at Heathrow I only went direct to the galley as message on screen advised 15 minutes remaining to buy duty free. Crew member told me she hated that message and that she would have to come and have a private word with me for purchasing duty free. Flight already booked for Feb 2015 luckily booked with flight miles so know not to expect a great service."
"Fly the Friendly Skies of United? There's very little that's friendly about United they have become an airline of lesser quality than the budget airlines of the world. Connecting business class flight from Auckland to San Francisco via LA. The first leg was non-stop on Air New Zealand which was excellent and connected in LA to a business class flight to SFO. When we presented our ticket at the United lounge in LA we were refused entry because it was a business class \"domestic\" flight but were offered entry as a guest of another person we had met on our flight from NZ. Sadly the lounge was a worn out mess nothing more than crackers and cheese slices in packets Internet access that was just a bit faster than the old dial up connections - nothing like any of the lounges offered by carriers we had flown elsewhere in the world. On the tired worn plane a minimal offer of chips or cookies and beverages. The worst part is that the personnel seemed tired of being caught between management decisions that have reduced the quality of service to nothing more than a poor commodity and travelers that resent the carrier."
"Flew IAH-HNL-IAH in First Class on November 20- 24. I have flown this route several times in the last 15 years and since United took over the flying experience has taken a serious nose dive. Since this route is taken by people mostly cashing in frequent flyer miles and there are not that many \"paying\" passengers United has decided that we do not deserve the amenities that are available on other routes. The first class cabin seats are very uncomfortable and are nowhere near the first class seats of other carriers for long haul flights. The plane had no inflight entertainment and there was not any power ports for charging personal devices - and this was not just first class but the entire plane. If there was another direct flight to Hawaii from Houston on another carrier I would take it. Flying to Hawaii on Continental was a fairly good experience the food was good and the seats were comfortable even though they did not fully recline."
"Booked flight from Newark to St Maarten months in advance - booked an aisle seat and a ctr seat together United changed our seats to a window in next to last row and a window in the last row with seats that don't recline. Also paid for TV and only had the choice of 4 movies-no TV shows - no free snacks. We will do our best to avoid United airlines in the future!"
"I flew with United Airlines to save money but it turned out to be a mistake. I was traveling to Guatemala City from Dallas making a connection in Houston. We boarded the plane then shortly after got off due to a maintenance issue. Not once were we asked if we had a connection flight or explained to how they would help us get to our destination nor did they give us any updates. I had to ask what to do. I was supposed to be at my destination at noon. I arrived at 10.30pm. Similar incident on my return - took me all day. Bad experience."
"GIG-IAH-NRT. I succeeded in sending my luggage directly to NRT. No need to pick it up at IAH and then check it again. Flight 1: GIG check-in staff very nice. Lounge (GOL low cost) very poor and packed. Flat seat 9D very nice. This part of Business class is much more noisy because close to engines. To be avoided at all costs. FA's very pleasant and smiling. Decent food. Poor drinks. Smooth 9 hours flight with constant info form flight deck. Surprising wide choice of IFE On time. Had to go through immigration and security in IAH. Lounge staff very pleasant. Food awful. Alcoholic beverages charged (>US1000 a glass). Fantastic shower and shower staff. Flight 2: Seat 1L. The best seat on board much more space 3 windows Silent. Same aircraft by coincidence. FA rather unpleasant and rude. Take it or leave it. Very bad food. Horrible Champagne. A nice white Bourgogne that ended after 30 min. At 11.50am lunch was completed then believe it or not no food during the next 12 hours! A tray with 2 types of frozen sandwiches was available in a corner self service. United is saving money on a 14 hour flight on food? One hour before landing greasy breakfast. Luggage quickly delivered."
"United 1064 on November 25 from Newark to Boston. I think United must go out of their way to design a seat as pathetic as is in row 32 on their 737-700. These are narrow don't recline and have no legroom. I travel a lot on business. Luckily I generally have a choice in airlines and I wont be choosing United again."
"Flew Business class between Australia and California (Sydney to San Francisco and LA to Melbourne). It was my first time flying Business class as I normally fly Economy or Premium Economy and as such I was looking forward to it. Overall I was very disappointed: food was average toilets were dirty and did not appear to have been cleaned difficult to get the staff's attention staff not willing to smile even when I was smiling at them meal service was disjointed (on one flight they offered a bread roll and some wine after I had finished my main course on the other flight they took my glass away for a refill and didn't bring it back) and the staff kept on bumping me when they walked past. The only good thing was the beds lie flat but otherwise I was very disappointed and I found that the Premium Economy on other airlines is much better (such as Qantas Virgin or Singapore). I will not waste my money on United Airlines again."
"Don't pay extra for business on United. We just flew United from Vancouver to Oahu via San Francisco and are now on our way back. We paid the extra for business class - the \"breakfast\" on our first flight consisted of a scone. On a 6 am flight you don't exactly have a chance to grab a bite before departure. There was WiFi on this flight and it had personal TVs which are better than nothing but not quite up to what we are used to with Air Canada. We barely made our connection in SFO - our bags were not so lucky. The next flight had personal TVs but no Wifi. The latter would have been really useful on the long flight. At least we finally got breakfast. The flight crew was inattentive on both flights. On the way home the long haul flight back to the mainland did not have personal TVs or overhead screens but it had WiFi! That was great for as long as my laptop battery lasted but alas the old seats had no power outlets or USBs so my joy was short-lived. Both of our seats were not capable of staying in the upright position and would slowly recline. We chose United over Air Canada as we didn't want an overnight flight home. Next time we will go direct with WestJet and cram into their tiny seats in exchange for a direct flight that operates at a convenient time. We wish Air Canada would put back their daytime flight home. In summary - service and amenities on United are inconsistent even in United First. Even when they are at the top of their game it's all pretty marginal."
"Horrible customer service at SFO. United flight was delayed into SFO from Vancouver so I missed my connecting flight to San Diego. We got into SFO at 11.50. I am still waiting in line with similar stranded passengers at the customer service area at gate 82 where there are two attendants helping 100 plus people. The attendants at the gates will not help us even though there is no line. This is deplorable. SFO is a United hub. There are United employees and gate attendants everywhere and yet there are only two people willing to help all these stranded passengers. I have been stranded many times with many other airlines and have never had such poor service. I will never fly United again."
"BOS-LAX Boeing 757: Had booked Premium Economy for two people 6 months ahead arrived at check-in in BOS to be told by unhelpful and off-hand staff that 'booking not assured until you check-in' allocated economy for the 6 hour flight and money refunded. Excuse of 'change of equipment' from A319 to 757 not tenable as latter has even more Premium Economy seats. On arriving at gate discover that Premium Economy seats are available but now have to pay an extra $36! Customer service in United completely unrepentant of being asked to pay extra for the distress. Actual seats fine but would not recommend using United for Premium Economy on the basis of this experience."
"IAD-LAX. Paid full fare First Class only to be shocked upon check in at IAD airport that my selected seat was not confirmed. Though UA ground staff at check in counter were quite helpful they couldn't do anything except asking me to go to boarding gate and wait the problem to be resolved there. I was told UA does overbooking in all classes. I was looking forward to this flight enroute in First Class as I was connecting to BKK hence I wanted to relax. Alas I wasn't able to relax as I had to ask UA team for every 10 minutes for an update. Finally after a long argument with the gate staff I was given a a First Class seat by an arrogant lady who made one feel that she did me a great favor although it was within my right. Nothing special on this full B737-800 flight. Seat was ok with in-seat video but can't recline much. Having been at Jetblue Mint previously ones can't help but compare the value vs benefits."
"Stockholm to San Francisco USA October 8th. The first plane with Lufthansa from Stockholm to Frankfurt on October 8 was OK. The plane from Frankfurt UA 927 to San Francisco did not start at all and we were all transported to a hotel. The next day October 9 after much waiting I was rebooked to Chicago UA 906 with further connection there. This plane did not start either. Waited on the plane for six hours before it finally left so I missed my connection. A few hours rest and back to the airport in the early morning on October 10. I got the flight to San Francisco nearly two days later than was scheduled."
"LHR/EWR/LHR. B757 out and B767 return. Outward flight was just OK. Inflight entertainment was good and the seat fairly comfortable. The big let down was the crew. They were efficient but showed no personality at all and I did not see a single smile from them. The return flight was disappointing. The entertainment system offered very little choice was shown on tiny screens and from what I could see quite a few screens including mine were broken or were only showing half a picture. Again the crew were robotic with no personality at all and although efficient they seemed totally disinterested. Unlike other airlines on the route who offer a free bar only soft drinks are free on United. All in all United seem to be offering a budget almost 'No Frills' service but at the same price as other transatlantic carriers who offer a far better experience."
"I have flew twice from Denver to Winnipeg in the last month and both times they say that food is offered for you to purchase and both times they had absolutely nothing to offer. I boarded these flights thinking that at least I can buy something onboard as I did not have time to purchase something in the airport! I was not impressed to say the least."
"I have been flying United for the past 6 years from MAN to EWR and to my dismay it is a total and utter shambles. Within those 6 years I have flown as a solo passenger whilst being pregnant and then with an infant and later with a toddler. I would not recommend them to a single traveler let alone a pregnant one. The only reason we continued to use this airline was due to the fact that EWR has the most quickest and convenient route home. Apart from that there is nothing that is appealing about the airline. The seats are not the slightest bit comfortable however you are able to slightly move them back to a tilt. I can disregard the seating as almost all airlines are the same but the cabin crew were obnoxious rude and definitely did not seem to enjoy their job. Asking for juice was definitely a chore for them. Next time I will not be flying United too many years of bad experiences."
"My flight was 2 hours late from MSP to EWR and so I was going to miss my connecting Etihad flight to Mumbai. However the ground staff at MSP were very helpful and booked me on a direct United EWR to BOM flight that was scheduled just an hour later than my original flight. However my good experience stopped there. The premium economy seats were terrible. Not enough leg space and the head support wings were not adjustable vertically which meant anyone shorter than 5 feet 8 inches could not use them. Second there was no complementary alcohol (not even a glass of red wine) available on the 14 hour flight. I was mentally prepared for their standards but was still let down. On top of which I could pay only by credit card for a drink. Considering I was a Indian tourist the likelihood of me doing this was very low. The food was terrible and both the veg/non veg meals were almost inedible. The air hostesses were not friendly and avoided eye contact. They seemed very put upon by their job. I don't blame them as they probably had to eat the same food as us. I would never ever book this airline voluntarily."
"Traveled ORD-PEK-ORD in economy. Very minimal service. Lounge offerings for star alliance gold are downgraded. Not even packaged cookies any more. Complimentary bar is extremely low quality no complimentary alcohol on plane. In- flight movies are OK. Avoid."
"Just got back home from an around the world trip. 62 hours of total of flying time. Jetstar was not good but I was really disappointed in United Airlines. Our United leg was a 6 hour flight from Newark NJ to LAX. I felt the seats were to close together. They give you water coffee or tea once. That is it. I'm so glad I had some snacks with me. You could buy something if you wanted. For a 6 hour flight they should give you something more. No nuts are anything extra. Really Oh if you wanted to watch a movie you had to pay for that too I will never fly with them again. This flight was booked by a travel agent. I have learned my lesson."
"Having recently travelled to and from London to Nashville via Newark on United Airlines I do not understand how this airline is still in business. We had 4 flights with them one cancelled one delayed 3 hours and one with the most rude and arrogant staff. The airline is a disgrace."
"First Class round trip from San Francisco to St Louis. The flight over was fine. The return trip was on a Sky West jet! The 4 hour flight had no video the seats were poor and there was no meal only a snack box! While I'm sure that this saved United Airlines money I describe it as a bait and switch. I paid the extra for First Class and didn't get what I had paid for."
"First Class round trip from San Francisco to St Louis. The flight over was fine. The return trip was on a Sky West jet! The 4 hour flight had no video the seats were poor and there was no meal only a snack box! While I'm sure that this saved United Airlines money I describe it as a bait and switch. I paid the extra for First Class and didn't get what I had paid for."
"RT Kona Hawaii to London Heathrow. The flight from London to San Francisco is about 11 hours non-stop. I am a 6'3\" disabled and booked my flight with that disclosure. To accommodate me the agent made an effort to place me in a seat which had an empty seat beside me - very considerate and appreciated. At Heathrow prior to boarding I was called to the podium. To accommodate a family so that they might sit together I was told (not asked if I minded) I was being moved to a different seat and unbeknownst to me in a three-abreast row without an empty seat beside me. Now I know that United felt the priority of placing a family together takes precedent over my disabled status and assuming a full flight I can understand that priority. This particular flight however was about 90% filled. Many empty seats were available. I know that having an empty seat beside me is not a right or entitlement as a disabled person yet was a kindness extended to me by the reservations agent a kindness for which I was very grateful. UAL has a policy in place to help accommodate and make more comfortable disabled veterans whenever they can. I am pleased with that policy. I am just disappointed with what happened on that flight. Additionally and as mentioned in previous reviews a 737 is far to small an aircraft for the flight from Kona to San Francisco without increasing the pitch and width of the seats. Years ago United was known as an airline that cared. It made for comfortable travel travel to which I looked forward. In summary in the future I will make a sincere effort to travel with an airline other than United."
"Since the late 80's I have been flying UA for business and pleasure and it has been a roller coaster ride. Having switched to another carrier for the last couple of years due to truly awful reliability and missing customer meetings I thought I would give UA another chance on a trip from Denver to Paris. How hard could it be? Get on the DEN-ORD flight allowing 2.5 hours in ORD to make the transfer to the ORD-CDG flight. The trip occurred 10 days after the control center fire and calls to UA customer service a couple of days prior to our trip confirmed things were working well again in ORD. The origin flight in DEN was the continuation of a SEA-DEN leg and that plane arrived right on time. The departure for ORD showed on time so we went to the gate to find another on time message on the board. Boarding time came and went with a last minute 15 minute delay. No problem I thought we had plenty of time in ORD. Soon another delay showed up on the gate monitor now we were 30 minutes late should I be worried? How much worse could it get and where was the Seattle aircraft that had made it to Denver on time? Soon another delay with the bottom line of just over an hour. Finally we boarded and pushed back and sat and sat and sat for another 15 minutes when a mechanical problem was announced. At this point it was clear we would miss the Paris connection and we went to the long lines at Customer Service to see what we could do. UA moved us to the later Lufthansa Frankfurt non-stop with CDG connection and said they would transfer our bags. (Of course no bags the next morning in CDG and UA blamed it on Lufthansa). Bags showed up 3 days later and we found out that UA sent them to ORD on a later flight. All this is very sad as the customer service people are trying hard to make their system work but are hamstrung by continued incompetent management. Once again we are riding the competition who are not perfect but much better than UA."
"United Airlines should be ashamed of itself! Terrible airline and awful customer service! I understand why the airline is the way it is with all the outsourcing being reported on the news. The regional aircraft operating as United Express are old. Those planes are at least 30+ years old! I'm sick of this airline. Always delays cancellations never a flight crew as well as various air traffic issues You spend thousands of dollars with them and they treat there Premier customers as trash. From now on I am a proud JetBlue customer or even Delta!"
"UA flight 34 KIX-SFO 15 Oct14. No more peanuts etc no alcoholic drink with meal (I don't care for it) lavatory in back of seats 25A-C has self-closing lids which would not stay up (the automatic flusher worked). I asked for decaf coffee twice never saw a drop. I tried the attendant call button: it rang and the blue light went on: no one showed up the light went out some time later. The food was close to inedible the breakfast sandwich(?) concoction quite a mess. Why oh why doesn't ANA fly this route non-stop? The tone of the authoritative-voice announcements (recorded) was annoying. The flight was good pilot talk fine landing almost smooth. One-star marks below are overly generous."
"I recently finished a mixed carrier trip (United Air New Zealand Virgin Australia). While AZ and VA were wonderful friendly flight attendants decent food (even the stuff for purchase was good) modern planes flights all on time the United flights in contrast felt like traveling in Russia in he 80s. The FAs were angry at everybody and it seems passengers just disturb their peace and are just a huge inconvenience in general. The planes are filthy and old. All my United flights were delayed between 30-60 min and the complete lack of communication in the gate was disturbing. Gate agents were equally grumpy."
"5.55am flight from Buffalo to DC then to Tampa Sunday 10/12. Ticket agent was in training and I knew we were off to a bad start. After boarding plane they deplaned us because they had neglected to complete the security paperwork. Entire plane missed connecting flights with only two rude ticket agents in DC. Earliest flight to Tampa (I was supposed to arrive in Tampa 10:30 am) didn't leave DC until 5.45pm. They routed me to Chicago to get to Tampa arriving 4:30 pm. Ticket agent neglected to inform me of shuttle from Terminal A to D so I ran the whole way. Got on the plane for Chicago which after an hour was cancelled due to technical problem. Entire plane got off and went to Customer Service with only 3 agents where it took 1.15 hours to finally be booked on the 5.45pm flight to Tampa. With all day to spend at the airport they gave me a lousy $7 meal voucher (didn't even pay for one well-needed alcoholic beverage). When I finally got to Tampa at 8pm my luggage did not which I expected since none of the re-routing agents paid any attention to me when I expressed concern about my luggage. Never flying United again."
"United Airlines should be ashamed of itself! Terrible airline and awful customer service! I understand why the airline is the way it is with all the outsourcing being reported on the news. The regional aircraft operating as United Express are old. Those planes are at least 30+ years old! I'm sick of this airline. Always delays cancellations never a flight crew as well as various air traffic issues You spend thousands of dollars with them and they treat there Premier customers as trash. From now on I am a proud JetBlue customer or even Delta!"
"UA flight 34 KIX-SFO 15 Oct14. No more peanuts etc no alcoholic drink with meal (I don't care for it) lavatory in back of seats 25A-C has self-closing lids which would not stay up (the automatic flusher worked). I asked for decaf coffee twice never saw a drop. I tried the attendant call button: it rang and the blue light went on: no one showed up the light went out some time later. The food was close to inedible the breakfast sandwich(?) concoction quite a mess. Why oh why doesn't ANA fly this route non-stop? The tone of the authoritative-voice announcements (recorded) was annoying. The flight was good pilot talk fine landing almost smooth. One-star marks below are overly generous."
"I recently finished a mixed carrier trip (United Air New Zealand Virgin Australia). While AZ and VA were wonderful friendly flight attendants decent food (even the stuff for purchase was good) modern planes flights all on time the United flights in contrast felt like traveling in Russia in he 80s. The FAs were angry at everybody and it seems passengers just disturb their peace and are just a huge inconvenience in general. The planes are filthy and old. All my United flights were delayed between 30-60 min and the complete lack of communication in the gate was disturbing. Gate agents were equally grumpy."
"5.55am flight from Buffalo to DC then to Tampa Sunday 10/12. Ticket agent was in training and I knew we were off to a bad start. After boarding plane they deplaned us because they had neglected to complete the security paperwork. Entire plane missed connecting flights with only two rude ticket agents in DC. Earliest flight to Tampa (I was supposed to arrive in Tampa 10:30 am) didn't leave DC until 5.45pm. They routed me to Chicago to get to Tampa arriving 4:30 pm. Ticket agent neglected to inform me of shuttle from Terminal A to D so I ran the whole way. Got on the plane for Chicago which after an hour was cancelled due to technical problem. Entire plane got off and went to Customer Service with only 3 agents where it took 1.15 hours to finally be booked on the 5.45pm flight to Tampa. With all day to spend at the airport they gave me a lousy $7 meal voucher (didn't even pay for one well-needed alcoholic beverage). When I finally got to Tampa at 8pm my luggage did not which I expected since none of the re-routing agents paid any attention to me when I expressed concern about my luggage. Never flying United again."
"2014 Platinum flyer and 1M United Flyer. Flew last night on UA Flight 1430 between Orange County CA and Chicago O'hare. Seated in center of 8th row. 1 row off bulkhead. About an hour before the landing the flight attendants came through with another beverage service. After they had passed I asked my row mates to let me out to use the rest room. The isle to the rear of the plane was blocked by the cart. I proceeded forward to the forward rest room where I was stopped by the male flight attendant serving first class. He indicated that I needed to return to coach and to the rear of the plane to use those restrooms. I indicated to him that the aisle was filled with the cart and the forward restroom was the only one I could get to. He again indicated to me to return to the rear of the plane. I told him I would not and proceeded by him and used the rest room. Behind me was my row mate (first met him on the plane) who is a 2014 1K member. The flight attendant told him he could not use the rest room also he proceeded by him too. All the while other customers are watching this flight attendant act like the Potty Police interrogating passengers about their restroom needs. Unprofessional and ridiculous. Happens all the time."
"October 10 LIS-EWR. After arrival at our departure gate I thought I was at a wrong one after looking at the aircraft parked at the gate. To my astonishment I was about to make an 8-hour transcontinental flight on an ancient Boeing 737-200 whose regular use in domestic routes was phased out in 2008. United wouldn't be United without some kind of delay so there was a 30-minute hold. The flight was relatively smooth. Staff appeared to be seasoned but lacking courteousness with one having a condescending attitude and curt tone. Meals were hardly edible - I would say they were the worst of many kinds I have had. Overall I rate my experience with United below average and will try to avoid my future journeys with this airline."
"I was horribly dissatisfied with my experience using United Airlines. I was traveling to the states for Thanksgiving weekend and was delayed 3 hours on my first flight due to \"late inbound aircraft\" and again for my connecting flight another 2 hours due to the same reason. Looking back the last 4 times I have traveled with United this has been the reason. There was no weather leaving Montreal or Chicago. Then again on my return flight I was delayed 2.5 hours and 4 hours on my connecting flight. When I finally got to my final destination at 2 am after 12 hours of traveling which should have taken a total of 6 I waited 45 minutes for my checked luggage. When I asked why we were waiting for so long the United representative told me there were two flights coming in from Chicago and they wanted to put the luggage out all at the same time. I've never heard of this happening and several other passengers and I thought this was unreasonable. Our flight landed several hours late why should we have to wait even longer for another flight to land deplane and unload their baggage. I will avoid flying with United again simply because they did nothing but say \"sorry\" and essentially ruined what would have been a very enjoyable weekend with my family."
"We recently flew from Cairns to Guam to Kwajalein on United Airlines. Although mainland US airlines have a bad name for treatment of their passengers - the Micronesia service transcends this. There were a number of aspects about this flight which were worrying. At Cairns the demeanour of the check-in staff was very \"in your face\" - when we asked to speak to the supervisor - this only made things worse. Documentation is a \"very touchy\" aspect of booking in for any US airline these days. Even though we had our ESTA validation application in hard copy to show they basically refused to believe we had a valid ESTA as they were having trouble accessing the data on their computer. This was even though we had our ESTA forms identical to our passports! Take a hard copy of the website baggage guidelines - they make it up as they go! When we finally got in the air - the food is poor. Be prepared for some serious security scanning in Kwajalein as it is a closed airport unless you have a sponsor or travelling to Ebeye - Passport photocopied ESTA examined separate Sponsor documentation retinal scanning height weight finger printing and questioning. If another airline elects to service this route I would certainly look to avoid UA."
"We recently flew from Cairns to Guam to Kwajalein on United Airlines. Although mainland US airlines have a bad name for treatment of their passengers - the Micronesia service transcends this. There were a number of aspects about this flight which were worrying. At Cairns the demeanour of the check-in staff was very \"in your face\" - when we asked to speak to the supervisor - this only made things worse. Documentation is a \"very touchy\" aspect of booking in for any US airline these days. Even though we had our ESTA validation application in hard copy to show they basically refused to believe we had a valid ESTA as they were having trouble accessing the data on their computer. This was even though we had our ESTA forms identical to our passports! Take a hard copy of the website baggage guidelines - they make it up as they go! When we finally got in the air - the food is poor. Be prepared for some serious security scanning in Kwajalein as it is a closed airport unless you have a sponsor or travelling to Ebeye - Passport photocopied ESTA examined separate Sponsor documentation retinal scanning height weight finger printing and questioning. If another airline elects to service this route I would certainly look to avoid UA."
"Oct 7 SF to Kona First Class. At the prices they charge even in this age of low expectations I was shocked at the experience of this trip. To begin with the aircraft used a 737 is just inappropriate for a five hour trip. The legroom was ridiculous for any class of service but unbelievable for a premium ticket. When the gentleman in front of me reclined his seat I had absolutely no space left. In coach one has come to expect this but not at these prices. I was one of two people judging from the upgrade list posted who paid full fare and that resulted in a full cabin. The flight attendants tried hard but United gave them nothing to work with. The breakfast served was small and awful there was only non fat milk for coffee and the food was inedible. The flight was timed to leave at 9.44 to avoid serving a more expensive lunch by one minute. The cost cutting is unbelievable the experience absolutely horrific to be avoided at any cost. Back to Hawaiian Airlines I go - the extra stop required is well worth it."
"I flew from Manchester Airport and was flying to Newark then had a connection flight to Rochester. As soon as I checked in I was told they had overbooked and asked us to fly to London first. I explained that we had a connection flight to Rochester and we were attending my nephews wedding so couldn't have any delays. We were then told there was no seats on the Rochester flight. After a lot of arguing they got us on the 1st flight to Newark and then found us flights on the Rochester flight but the 4 of us would not be seated together. I had 2 children with us and was not happy but just pleased to get the flights. Coming home we were delayed 3 times from Rochester. Our connection flight from Newark was boarding at 6.30pm we got off our flight from Rochester at 7.05pm and had to run for 10 minutes to catch the flight my daughter has asthma and struggled however we just made the flight. I wouldn't book with United again as they did not make either of my journeys relaxed and enjoyable."
"GVA-IAD. United needs to update its fleet flying to Europe. It is incredible the type of screens they have (a bit bigger than a smartphone). How will they ever compete with other airlines? Sadly nothing special."
"Flew Oct 6th LAS-ORD on an ancient B-757. Like a trip back in history albeit not a good one! No idea why United still flies these ancient planes with pretty much original interior from the 80's. Chose Premium economy as it was 35h flight 79$ for this was just a scam pretty much. Got 5 extra inches leg room and that's it. Would have been nice with at least a free sandwich or whatever. Guess US carriers are still years behind European and Asian one's. Why not just call it what it is extra leg room seats? Spent 3h playing on the phone as United appears to address their customers as idiots as this was a morning flight with mostly business passengers yet still playing a cartoon movie on the overhead monitors. Talk about missing your target. Several items on the menu also ran out was sitting on row 2 so guess they just dont care to stock up on items guess what United that's another way to miss income from your passengers. Am a Star Alliance Gold member and will never choose United again as my first choice alternative in the states."
"Manchester to New York before flying to Las Vegas - all flights with United. Staff were terrible. They were completely uninterested in any one of the passengers and we we're treated as a huge inconvenience. The food was horrendous. When we flew from New York to Vegas things got even worse - we had a 5-hour flight with no entertainment. If we wanted something to eat or drink they wanted paying for it and the prices were ridiculous - the free tea coffee or juice were disgusting so we stayed away from them for the entire flight. Again the crew were abysmal to say the least. We will never fly with United again. We have travelled a lot of long haul in the last ten years and I have never experienced anything as shoddy as United - what a start to the holiday you spend forever saving up for."
"Travelled on a connecting flight from Toronto to Houston TX en route to Rio de Janeiro. Flight from Toronto was inexplicably delayed. Upon arrival in Houston taxied to the gate only to find another plane at the assigned gate. Had to re-taxi to another gate arriving 5 minutes before scheduled departure to Rio de Janeiro. In spite of pleas from more than half the passengers regarding connecting flights flight attendants stated it was out of their control to deal with. Upon deplanning the Customer Service representative appeared over-whelmed with the situation and was of no assistance other than to direct all connecting passengers to the Customer Service Desk in Concourse C. The representative at the desk was of little assistance other than booking us on the next evening flight with non-adjacent seat assignments. Was not provided with the Premier Boarding package that I had booked and paid for in advance. We were told that we would not have access to our luggage and we were offered accommodations at a sub-par hotel chain which we declined. Also offered two $7 meal vouchers for a 24 hour period (which I also declined). Upon arrival the next evening gate staff were less than courteous. Certainly such delays occur when flying however the issue of not holding connecting flights when some 40 passengers are affected is not acceptable. This is especially true when arriving at or very near the scheduled departure time of the connecting flights and considering that such connection times are offered by the airline. Enhanced public relations by United staff would also go a long way in appeasing disgruntled passengers. That being said the regional jet from Toronto to Houston was new and very roomy. The premium economy seats on the B777 was also comfortable."
"Travelled on a connecting flight from Toronto to Houston TX en route to Rio de Janeiro. Flight from Toronto was inexplicably delayed. Upon arrival in Houston taxied to the gate only to find another plane at the assigned gate. Had to re-taxi to another gate arriving 5 minutes before scheduled departure to Rio de Janeiro. In spite of pleas from more than half the passengers regarding connecting flights flight attendants stated it was out of their control to deal with. Upon deplanning the Customer Service representative appeared over-whelmed with the situation and was of no assistance other than to direct all connecting passengers to the Customer Service Desk in Concourse C. The representative at the desk was of little assistance other than booking us on the next evening flight with non-adjacent seat assignments. Was not provided with the Premier Boarding package that I had booked and paid for in advance. We were told that we would not have access to our luggage and we were offered accommodations at a sub-par hotel chain which we declined. Also offered two $7 meal vouchers for a 24 hour period (which I also declined). Upon arrival the next evening gate staff were less than courteous. Certainly such delays occur when flying however the issue of not holding connecting flights when some 40 passengers are affected is not acceptable. This is especially true when arriving at or very near the scheduled departure time of the connecting flights and considering that such connection times are offered by the airline. Enhanced public relations by United staff would also go a long way in appeasing disgruntled passengers. That being said the regional jet from Toronto to Houston was new and very roomy. The premium economy seats on the B777 was also comfortable."
"Friday 26 Sep 2014 my wife and I went to BTV for what we thought were two legs of a flight on United Airlines that would get us into SFO at 12.40 PT. We actually arrived at approximately 02.30 PT on Saturday about 14 hours late. Part of the delay was caused by someone starting a fire in the FAA control tower at ORD. I have no complaints with United about that. My complaint with United is its total lack of communication on that Friday and on the return the following Friday. On the first leg from BTV to ORD United kept telling us we had to wait an hour. We could not leave we had to sit there with no information hour by hour from 07.00 to 16.00. The only thing we were told was our connections would be okay because they could not fly either. United even put us on the plane and pulled away from the gate at about 12.30. Then they brought us back to the gate and had us deplane and wait some more. Finally we left at about 16.00 and got to ORD expecting to get on the flight to SFO we were told was waiting. Imagine our surprise and anger to find the flight had left hours before. We were told we would have to stay the night in Chicago at our expense and leave in the morning! When I asked what about getting on the SFO flight the customer service person said it was fully booked and had a wait list. When I pushed the agent did put us on the wait list. One piece of luck we got on the plane. It was late enough that other people did not show. We spent the week in SFO and went to the airport in plenty of time. We had checked in for the return flight when we checked in for the outbound flight online. We went to the kiosk to check-in and there was no reservation. The agent at SFO was able to get us on the plane somehow so we relaxed again almost as much as we were when we went to the airport. Then she hit us with an unwarranted baggage charge. It was unwarranted because we used a United MileagePlus card for the flight. Despite realizing we had not been charged for the bags on the way out to SFO she would not believe us they should not be charged for. When we got to ORD we discovered our flight to BTV was not our originally scheduled 3 hour layover but an 8 hour layover. Again there was no communication from the SFO agent to us about changing our second leg it was just done. After a lot of talking we got onto our originally scheduled flight and got home on schedule."
"Flew from Tucson AZ to Kona HI today. Horrible trip!. In Tucson the ticket agents argued and snapped at each other in front of the customers. The Tucson-LAX portion was fine the flight attendant was very professional and as I was traveling with a handicapped companion she was very helpful. The flight from LAX to Kona Hawaii however was awful. The flight attendants were rude short tempered and often ignored passengers questions. This was a five and a half hour flight to not even provide peanuts as a snack is ridiculous considering the cost of the food available for purchase. I will say the ground crew in Tucson LAX and Kona were fantastic and really went out of their way to help out. My issue is that the ground crew doesn't work for United and I didn't buy my ticket from them. United seriously need to work on their customer service relations!"
"On a recent trip we flew 3 times with United. The first flight was on 9 September and we flew from Vancouver to Denver with a stopover en route to Albuquerque. These seats were all booked by a travel agent and confirmed 5 months prior to travel. On the first flight my husband and I were seated separately - I was seated behind my husband. We were given water and/or soft drink during the flight. The attendants were very brisk and almost rude in the 'service' they offered. But the flight did leave and arrive on time. The connecting flight however was not such a straight forward experience. When we went to the check-in we were informed by the staff that the flight had been over booked and that we at that stage were the over booked people. They did not apologise in fact they treated us very rudely. They spent the next hour and a half offering 2 passengers other flights hotel accommodation and $500 flight vouchers each in an effort to allow us to board the flight. Eventually and approximately 3 mins before the flight doors were to close after boarding and after I stood at the counter for around 10 mins they informed me that we could board. Again we were seated separately with my husband at the back of the plane and me sitting at the front. Never any apology. Our third flight was on the 13 September and we flew from Albuquerque to LAX in readiness for our flight back to Auckland NZ. The staff at the airport were again rude. Our flight left more or less on time and the flight staff were great bright and friendly. They actually appeared to be enjoying their job and treated the passengers with friendliness and courtesy. We actually managed to sit together on this flight."
"I recently traveled from Arkansas where I was visiting my family back to Honolulu HI where I am currently stationed in the US Air Force. On the last flight as I was boarding I was informed that my seat had been moved. When booking the flight I paid extra to have an exit row aisle seat because I have bad knees and needed the extra leg room. I was instead placed in the middle seat of a non exit row. The staff made no explanation regarding my seat change did not offer their apologies and did not seem to have any concern over the money I had lost paying for a seat that I did not end up having. I am extremely frustrated with this service and will encourage all of my friends to fly with a different airline. This kind of treatment is unacceptable."
"First class sure isn't what it used to be. On a round trip from Dulles to Vegas both times they ran out of cereal before they took my breakfast order so all they had to offer were some nasty eggs broccoli casserole and dried out croissants. Apparently they only stock enough cereal for 1/2 of first class? Really? For a $1378 ticket I want my freaking cereal not food poisoning. The clincher was that they charge first class passengers for wi-fi access. They should be ashamed. Only a half notch above economy if that much."
"SYD-SFO-SYD: Flew in late September. I got the same plane for both legs of the journey which looks rather old. There appears to be more Economy Plus seats than Economy seats. Plane had a dodgy IFE for the entire section of seats I was seating. My own AVOD was jammed and could not be reset. Food was barely edible for dinner but it got better for breakfast and drinks were forthcoming. Legroom was okay. From the US leg I had to use the kiosk to check in but it refused to print my ticket and required a staff to assist me. I was disappointed with quality of the airline overall because I would have expected US-based airlines to have a superior standard. If you are flying on a budget this may be for you but otherwise you might want to look elsewhere."
"Our flight from Boston to Denver was delayed by an hour. We approached the service desk in Boston when notified about the delay because we had a very short layover on our way to Seattle. We were told all connecting flights would be fine and that they would make up the time in the air. It wasn't until we were almost to Denver that they bothered to inform us of the added time to the flight and we arrived just in time to see our next plane depart. They did put us up in a hotel for free and got us on the next flight out the next morning only to have that plane stop mid-takeoff due to a plane malfunction. If the staff had been gracious and accommodating during this nightmare it might not have been so bad but they had the nerve to tell us it was our fault for not having a longer layover (as if we had a choice). Never flying with United again if we ever get back to Seattle."
"SFO-LAS short flight on a 737 - flight departed about 25mins late arrived a bit late seats comfortable for a short flight. The flight did what it said on the tin. However in my years of flying I've seen nothing like it! Onboard no crew at the door sat down and noticed people across from me put three large bags by their feet and then put tray tables down to cover them. Crew failed to spot this on a few occasions but eventually did ask 'can you put your tray table up' walked away before they seeing the bags. Crew served drinks by just looking at you no thank you no hello nothing! The flight had a free gift of cards given out - thrown at you of course. On leaving the flight the crew were at the front chatting. First time I've flown United is the last based on crew attitude - no smile no communication."
"Tel Aviv to Newark in Business Class. Security was quick but the airline did check for beverages in the carry-on bags as I entered the 777-200 airplane don't purchase drinks for the flight. One hour forty-five minutes after a smooth take-off they turned off the fasten seatbelt sign but then turned it back on four minutes later. A recorded message said \"Ladies and Gentlemen the captain has turned on the fasten seatbelt sign. Please make sure your seatbelt is securely fastened\". The flight attendants then repeated the message in English and Hebrew. This happened five more times during the 12 hour flight which made sleeping difficult. Breakfast was served one hour before landing and the flight attendants did a great job. It would be nice if they could turn down the volume of the recorded message as it made sleeping difficult."
"I am currently sitting on a brand new United Airlines plane using their \"United Airlines WiFi Beta\". First off I am sitting in front of an exit row. I was never notified that my chair will not recline. Why did United notify me when I was selecting my seat? Next question why does United Airlines WiFi Beta not allow video streaming? GoGo WiFi works very well given the circumstances of being inflight when streaming videos. If you are going to force your passengers to use your WiFi please offer a superior solution than what currently exists or just use GoGo or another service that already does a great job. Why was I not notified that this brand new plane would not have TVs? I expected to have TVs in a brand new plane. If these new planes must have so many hours to be certified before TVs can be installed why do passengers not receive a discount on the flight and notified before purchasing the ticket? I feel like the staff the plane and the overall experience is geared to \"securing\" your safety which is great but every airline does that. Please don't use \"my safety\" as an excuse to give poor service. I can hop on a safe flight with any airline I want an airline who thinks of the small things that I mentioned above. They have the capital they have the people how do they miss the small things I mentioned above?"
"Newark to Munich in Business Class with a rude Continental crew. When I plugged in my headset which was located behind me my tablecloth came off my tray and the flight attendant said \"your making a mess.\" When I got up to use the toilet in the back of the Business Class cabin the toilet was occupied so I waited in the aisle because I know flight United flight attendants don't like people waiting in their galley. With a hand motion the flight attendant told me to move back another few inches. Breakfast was served 1.5 hours before landing. The fasten seatbelt sign had been on for five hours straight and passengers were told to prepare for landing. The plane was still at 36000 feet and there was still 40 minutes before landing. Within one minute the flight attendant was moving my seat to the landing position and said \"your not paying attention.\" It doesn't take 40 minutes to prepare for a smooth landing. If you are looking for a pilot that says I'll be turning the fasten seatbelt sign on soon for landing so if you need to use the restroom now would be a good time to do this don't pick this airline."
"Took an economy class flight from Burlington to Bogota with a stop in Newark. On the flight over from Newark to Bogota a 6 hour flight the AC was on full blast I was freezing so I asked the flight attendant for a blanket told that they don't provide blankets or pillows. They don't provide food on the flight! A 6 hour international flight without food is unacceptable they want you to pay 10$ for poor quality plane food. On top of all of the above mentioned you have to pay for inflight entertainment 7.50$ for 4 hours! In summary I had a 6 hour flight with no food no entertainment and freezing up."
"My initial flight from CA to Denver was delayed for 2 hours - no explanation. From this delay I missed the connecting United flight from Denver to Peoria. I was given tickets to flyig into Chicago - arriving 2 am with a ticket to Peoria the following morning. Of course no luggage as it was already re-routed and person at ticket counter at 2 am did not have access into the \"holding\" area. Traveling with my sister we were left in Chicago 2am - no hotel - no luggage- no vouchers- just be back in morning for 8 am flight to Peoria. United could do so much better with customer service - none of the United attendants seem to be concerned about a flight filled with unhappy customers - they just repeat their scripted message. The attendant at the end handing out flight information was rude to anyone who asked a question."
"My husband and daughter had nothing but troubles with their recent flights. Part of their flight home (a 50 min flight from Chicago to Green Bay) was cancelled with no alternatives. They ended up having to rent a car to get home in time for the next day of work and school. United did not offer any compensation for the cancelled flight nor the car rental. Their customer service lacked immensely and the communication on the flight cancellation was obsolete. We will never fly with United again!"
"UA635 LAS to LA 15 Sept 2014. UA 306 LAX to BWI 15 Sept. The worst thing that has happened is United merging with Continental. Having been a million mile flyer on Continental I find the flight schedules on United a total mess. Always a hub connection whether it's Chicago Denver Houston Cleveland LA or San Francisco always inconvenient and time consuming. Boarding process is archaic Southwest can unload reload and leave in the time it takes United Passengers to Board. Always delays and excuses. Give me Southwest any day no Mickey Mouse seat charges baggage charges have a decent amount of non stop flights plus at least you get peanuts more than I can say I get from United's unhappy flight attendants."
"UA635 LAS to LA 15 Sept 2014. UA 306 LAX to BWI 15 Sept. The worst thing that has happened is United merging with Continental. Having been a million mile flyer on Continental I find the flight schedules on United a total mess. Always a hub connection whether it's Chicago Denver Houston Cleveland LA or San Francisco always inconvenient and time consuming. Boarding process is archaic Southwest can unload reload and leave in the time it takes United Passengers to Board. Always delays and excuses. Give me Southwest any day no Mickey Mouse seat charges baggage charges have a decent amount of non stop flights plus at least you get peanuts more than I can say I get from United's unhappy flight attendants."
"Very dissatisfied! Today I had a flight from Charleston to Phoenix with a one hour lay over in Houston. Very little time to switch terminals but scheduled by United. While waiting I learned the Charleston flight was delayed by 30 minutes. Told by flight attendant that this is due to one crew member coming late to the flight causing the delay. Now I have 30 min to get to flight which will not happen and have to stay night in Houston. United has reserved flight at 07.30 next morning. Problem: Parking has been prepaid on my vehicle only until my arrival time. My luggage is already in Phoenix as it left on earlier flight. No reservations in Houston for stay. No meal arrangements. I will refuse to travel with United in the future. Just a note. United has offered meal vouchers and hotel."
"The first leg of my trip from Buffalo NY Washington D.C. (IAD-Dulles) was three hours late departing. Weather was fine. September 12 2014. They didn't have a plane? Why sell tickets for \"ghost flight\". My return flight from Washington D.C. (IAD-Dulles) was Sept. 15 2014. Supposed to depart 8.15 am arrive in Buffalo NY 9.35 am. At 7.45 am they text me with a flight delay of 30 minutes. At 8 am they announce that the flight is cancelled because of no crew. Another ghost flight. Go to Customer service where they tell me they can get me home at 11 pm that night which is 9 hours later. I say no. They can put me on US Aiways but I have to go to Reagan National airport. I have no way of getting there so they put me on a shuttle. My checked luggage (which I had checked in at United) ends up in Norfolk VA. I fly on the 4 pm flight from Reagan airport on US Airways to Buffalo NY and get home at 5 pm. I will never fly United again. I have used them for over five years for my flights to D.C. where my son and grandchildren live. The plane was dirty and noisy. The US Airways plane was at least a jet and it was clean and staff were professional."
"CCS-IAH-MIA and back Business class. Never have I flown another airline with this kind of awful service small airplanes and old smelly seats pretty uncomfortable for business class. Rude attendants was quite bossy boarding is odd you have a business boarding pass and start wondering how many people fit in that section of the plane before they allow you to board. I have a feeling they inherited the bad service from Continental. One thing is sure no one in his right mind after flying any European Asian or Latin American airline like me will surely never set foot on United's planes again."
"LAS-ORD-AMS. I try to like United but the delays have become too much. Initially booked LAS-IAD and onward SN connection to BRU. Aircraft change on LAS-IAD led to being bumped onto LAS-ORD-IAD-BRU. Unworkable as ORD layover was only 50 minutes and my parents on separate ticket weren't bumped. Ultimately accepted change to LAS-ORD-AMS on UA metal but with upgrade to E+ for trouble which was appreciated. Tight layover of 75 minutes in ORD. Morning LAS-ORD flight delayed 60 minutes despite good weather across the country. UA agent offered next day's flight if we missed our connection I had to push hard and literally read out each flight number on alternative LH LX and UA flights. Agent was in the end helpful in taking my instructions protecting us on LH flight from ORD-FRA-AMS if flight was missed. Stress remained high; paid for Wifi on ORD to monitor situation. Arrival gate repeatedly changed adding to stress of possible connection success. All the while ORD-AMS flight delayed 40 minutes yet never appeared on UA website or advised by crew throughout LAS-ORD flight. Frantic disembarkment of flight and did not learn of delay until arrived at gate. Set aside improving its operation UA could avoid stress and hassle of employees and pax if it could at least learn how to communicate situations and update flight status's. Seatmate had experienced same mess the day before but unfortunately did have to wait 24 hours for the next UA flight to AMS. ORD-AMS an hour late though ironically great news for us. The infamous and ancient B763 Ghetto Bird window covered in sticky goo but led to free apology wine from FA after I called attention to it and personally cleaned it. Announcements in Dutch noticed and appreciated. Crew notably pleasant. Baggage made connection which was merciful. Food markedly worse than AC and European carriers. Delays are too routine however and with the watering down of MP program I have already actively booked away from US carriers when flying to Europe on next two flights both from the States and Canada. Return on AC B772 was on time and more comfortable all around - food IFE seat."
"As a Platinum customer I fly a lot with United and it is amazing how bad United has become over the last 5 years. Not only did they delay today's departure for a little bit of rain in DC and called it a thunderstorm but they also let our connection leave without us for our honeymoon. I am less frustrated when it is a business trip as I always expect that United does not make its connections. Last year I did not have a single flight on time and missed 6 flights. The business class had very uncomfortable seats the staff made the same announcement every 20 minutes for about 2 hours that we would be a little bit late. Then they made another announcement that someone would be waiting with information for us in Munich. All we were told at Munich airport was to go to the Lufthansa Service Center. The service agent sen us immediately to the departure gate but did not let the airplane know that there were multiple customers coming. So the plane left 5 minutes before we arrived at the gate after a wild goose chase through Munich airport. After flying for years and being vegetarian I usually bring my own food as I am over the monotonous and tasteless food they serve but today I flew business and I wanted some champagne and a meal. It is always the same and the quality of the food has gone downhill and the dessert has also not changed in the last 5 years. The purser came and apologized in person big deal however she did not have any information for those that got stranded in Munich.What about their new security video between images with kangaroos and people sitting in seats on the beach you get completely lost in their new bizarre security video. As an educator I can guarantee that not 1/3 of people have afterwards a clue of what was said because this looks more like a reality TV series or a bad infomercial. I have been to Africa Peru and Europe on three long flights and the movies between these directions do not change. In the last 6 weeks I have seen almost all of what is worth seeing so that's why I gave the Entertainment 1 star. All in all stay away from United flying with United is no fun anymore the individual customer does not make any difference to United."
"6012 IAH to LIT non-stop flight due to leave IAH at 12.50 pm cancelled. Reason given was bad weather in Little Rock area. No bad weather in area so that was a bogus excuse. Re-routed to Chicago into LIT. Missed connecting flight in Chicago. Finally caught flight to LIT at 8.30 pm. Upon arrival at LIT could not get bags which had come in on an earlier flight. Terrible service and nobody involved seemed to care."
"Had a very bad experience with United Airlines. While travelling from EWR to MSP we boarded the aircraft and were kept sitting for 1 hour then we were told that there were some technical issues so we changed aircraft. Second aircraft also made us wait for one and half hours due to a fuelling issue. Coming back from MSP to EWR the flight was delayed an hour. I will never fly again with United."
"ORD-AMS overnight on B767 in Biz Class lousy service by uninterested cabin staff food barely edible. Late departure late arrival. Will try to avoid."
"I was supposed to fly direct from Indianapolis to Washington Dulles Sunday Sept 14 on UA3726. When I got to the airport I was advised the flight had been cancelled earlier that day. The ticketing agent said there were no available flights so I was stranded in Indianapolis until the next morning. She was unwilling to offer any hotel or any other compensation. The only available flights the next day had layovers instead of being direct. I took a United flight easily from IND to ORD the next morning. However the flight from ORD to IAD on UA382 was horrible. We boarded the flight late because there were so many people on standby. Then we sat on the tarmac for over 2 hours because they said they needed to refuel. Supposed to land at 11:39am but arrived after 1.30 pm."
"On 21st August this year my wife and I were to fly United from Heathrow to Chicago and booked in early July. As soon as online check in opened I found that only five seats were left which meant that we were to be separated during the flight. How were all the rest allocated before the 24hr opening time? The night before we were due to fly out I received a text message to say that the flight was cancelled. Whilst on route to LHR a text arrived telling us to check in as normal. At the United desk we were told that we would be bussed to a hotel for the night. The best compensation they could offer was Economy Plus instead of our Economy seats. On the flight out the food was appalling. Drinks were served from jugs carried down the gangways in a very unprofessional style by very unprofessional stewardesses. After arrival at Chicago we thought our problems were over. Whilst in Washington we went to Dulles Airport to see a United Supervisor to ensure that we could sit together on the return flight on 11th September. The system would not allow her to print boarding cards with seat allocations more than 24hrs before departure but she printed some boarding cards and wrote the seat numbers on the cards. For the return journey we arrived in good time at Chicago checked in and boarded the aircraft on time to find that we had been given Economy Plus seats. Start up time came and went and then an announcement was made that an electrical fault existed. We waited eventually after a delay of approx. 1.5 hours we were off back to Blighty. The flight through the night was unpleasant due to the aircraft being very cold which made sleeping almost impossible. Altogether not a very good experience."
"After two years of planning I thought I had all my ducks in a row for a trip from the USA to the Australia Zoo north of Brisbane. I even hired a Travel Agency to avoid any mistakes on my part. Boy was I mistaken. August 25 2014 was finally here. I went to my local airport two hours early (as instructed) and sat there for six hours at the United Airlines boarding gate. We were told the four hour delay was due to the weather in Chicago. Ok not a deal breaker since I had a scheduled six hour layover in Los Angeles. The ticket agent at my local airport is the only good thing about United. She kept track of my schedule and issued me a new ticket from Chicago to Los Angeles when it became obvious that I was going to miss my scheduled flight. I arrived in Chicago four hours late and promptly went to the United gate for my flight to Los Angeles only to to find out that it also was running four hours late. I found another United flight to Los Angeles and got a standby ticket. This flight was running three hours late. Finally I actually got to board a United Airline plane bound for Chicago. Now that all the passengers are onboard the pilot decides he needs to refuel. After maybe ten minutes he announces that the refuelling truck is broken and that the mechanics are working on it. So here we sat waiting to be refuelled. After maybe another hour the pilot announces he was going to taxi over to the international terminal to refuel. Well now it's very clear that I'm going to miss my connecting flight and I can't get off this plane. Fast forward - we arrived in Los Angeles at 2.30 am and my flight to Brisbane Australia left shortly after midnight. I asked the United employee at the gate how to get to the other terminal and she bluntly said the airport was basically closed until 4 am and said I could sleep on the plastic chairs until then. I can't blame anyone for weather delays but the refueling fiasco in Chicago is unacceptable. The rude United employees are unacceptable."
"UA5260 IAH-LIT. Uncomfortable seats unacceptable number of delays in Houston. Lack of concern for inconvenience caused to passengers is unacceptable. These tactics are a sign of pure greed. I will make it a point to never fly this airline again."
"PDX to MRY round trip Sept 3rd and 10th via San Francisco and via LA. They have consistently delayed flights to/from MRY because they cannot find a plane. On September 3rd they changed gates twice making it difficult for a senior to get to. Today September 10th they are delaying again for the same reason. This means that I'll miss my LA connection because this flight will arrive after the plane leaves that airport. I'm going back to Alaska they can schedule planes to flights."
"I travelled from Singapore to San Francisco only because it was a codeshare flight with ANA (from which I booked my tickets). Inflight entertainment was decent on the 1st leg of the flight to Tokyo presumably because it has just been upgraded with touch screen high resolution screens. However inflight service was horrid if you would even call it service to begin with. Flight attendant lashed out when I returned my tray (I was back from the restroom returning to my seat and thought it would be convenient for us both if I were to hand the tray to him since he was collecting the trays 2 rows before mine). \"Can you please wait\" with absolute annoyance and utter look of disdain before grudgingly snatching the tray away. The same flight attendant stepped on a pillow (which fell from a passenger's seat) while pulling the trolley and conveniently kicked it aside to the bottom of the passenger seat without a bat of his eyelid. On the food expect the same food you'll get from a low cost carrier. In fact you'll be better off with just cup noodles. It was the first time I have seen attendants hand out food without giving you the option to choose simply because \"we ran out of xx option so this is your only choice\". Inflight service was scarce no one bothered serving water after the meals and before flight landed. On the 2nd leg from Tokyo to SF there was a huge screen in front which they call inflight entertainment. You have the option to pay a nominal sum for wifi access and watch the movies from your own smart devices. Food was as poor as it can get for an international airline with poor service all the same. Rude attendants were still present but I was spared from any lashings this time round (the lady in front got reprimanded for the most ridiculous reason). I asked if I could make an inflight purchase 4 hrs before the flight was scheduled to land and was told the attendant in charge was resting. 2 hrs later I asked the same question and the same answer was given. Just when I decided I am not going to let United earn another cent from me that flight attendant finally finished her break right before the plane commenced its descent and asked what I would like to get. Do note that the ratings were made when comparing against the inflight experience I had when I took Cathay Pacific and ANA flights from Singapore to SF earlier this year and last year."
"I took a flight from Shanghai to SFO and onward to LAS. On the return trip from LAS to SFO and then to Hong Kong. 1) Old planes - the planes are so old you don't even get your own personal TV. I remember flying in the 1990s to be just like that when inflight entertainment runs over the large monitor in the front. How is anyone near those screens ever going to sleep on the long flights? 2) Food just is bad. You need to pay for alcoholic drinks. Really? You can't price that into the ticket? 3) Check in at LAS is a nightmare. The auto check-in machines don't really work and require a lot of manual intervention from the staff but there's probably 2 staff serving about 2 dozen machines. 4) Seats are bad."
"I took a flight from Shanghai to SFO and onward to LAS. On the return trip from LAS to SFO and then to Hong Kong. 1) Old planes - the planes are so old you don't even get your own personal TV. I remember flying in the 1990s to be just like that when inflight entertainment runs over the large monitor in the front. How is anyone near those screens ever going to sleep on the long flights? 2) Food just is bad. You need to pay for alcoholic drinks. Really? You can't price that into the ticket? 3) Check in at LAS is a nightmare. The auto check-in machines don't really work and require a lot of manual intervention from the staff but there's probably 2 staff serving about 2 dozen machines. 4) Seats are bad."
"If I could give United Airlines 0 stars I would. United is a horrible airline with awful customer service unreliable departures dirty airplanes and rude stewards. I booked my ticket 6 months in advance and was bumped to a different later flight about a month prior to my trip. I called the airline and was able to be placed on my original flight. The customer service representative offered no sensical explanation as to why I got bumped. I wanted to ensure I would not be charged for their mistake. The representative assured me I would not be. Well that was not the case. On the day of my flight I found out I had double reservations for two different flights and was charged twice. I immediately called customer service to rectify the situation. I was on the phone for over an hour and the situation was handled horribly. I am beyond disappointed and disgusted with their lack of professionalism. As frequent traveler for both personal and professional purposes I will never fly United again."
"I used to only fly united but my last trip will be the last tome I fly United. I booked a trip to Las Vegas and the flight was delayed. United re-routed my flight through Delta. Delta offered complimentary TV and snacks more leg room and I didn't feel as if I was sitting on my neighbors lap. I think United has forgotten about the customer service which used to be the only reason I would fly with them. I will now definitely try other airlines to pick my go to for travel."
"Flying from Cincinnati to LA at 5.30am - got to the airport about 40 minutes prior to departure - told us we couldn't check our bag (I've flown internationally and have got bags checked with 30 minutes prior to flight and come on - there aren't that many flights leaving CVG at 5 in the morning) however they rebooked us on other flights and we arrived in LA about 1.5 hrs later - ok not so bad except that when the ticket agent changed our outbound flights she cancelled my son's return flights and when we tried to fly home - no flights - luckily another airline for the return but triple connections due to the agent's mistakes. The flights themselves were ok but everything costs extra now."
"Unless you want to have hours of intimate contact with a stranger do not fly United! I am a small women in my 60's. United's seat size just fits me. I was in a window seat when a medium-large gentleman a little round around the edges sat next to me. This man was not obese. He overflowed his seat enough that every time he moved we were shuffled together from butt to knee. I put up with it for half an hour and then excused myself to the aisle. I paced in the back of the plane for an hour. The attendants were serving whatever they serve and saw that I was near hysteria at the thought of returning to what awaited me in my assigned seat. They did find a solution eventually. A United employee was flying coach and they switched me out with him. But the new seat was only 3 rows in front of the gentleman who had been next to me and he had to watch this seat change knowing his size overlapping mine was the cause. These conditions are set up by United in planning an aircraft with seats that are way smaller than the human population of these times. They know this and leave it to their flight attendants to deal. Other airline carriers are tight too but I have heard and witnessed that United is the worst."
"We were on a trip from Newark to San Diego. The nightmare began when we noticed that we (as two friends travelling together) had been assigned seats that were not located next to each other. But we were okay with this. The flight attendants were pretty friendly but drinks were only served 2 times and food was not served at all (on a 5.5 hours flight). There was the option to purchase food but in my opinion it should go without saying that complementary food is offered on a long-distance flight. Onboard entertainment was also not available for free. Furthermore the TV screens could not be turned off so we were exposed to continuing advertising which lasted the whole flight. When we finally reached our destination in San Diego we were tired starving and thirsty."
"IAD - SAV in August. Flight was on schedule both ways which I gather is unusual. The CRJ 200 equipment designed to be uncomfortable was pretty scruffy around the edges. Non stop on this route is convenient. I fly Asian carriers where I live. The FAs while maybe not as professional as they might sometimes be are always friendly well turned out and exquisitely polite. Those on the flights I take back and forth to the US are even more impressive. So imagine my surprise when arriving at the top of the gangway I was greeted by the assigned FA's not inconsiderable rear end. Have good manners been unbundled from the basic ticket price also?"
"My wife and I booked a flight through last minute.com it was really a last minute thing because we had to be in Auburn by the 22nd August 2014. We got a flight for the 21st August which involved a couple of stops. The flight was from Birmingham UK stopping at Newark NJ and then at Washington Dulles then Syracuse (outgoing). First the flight was supposed to leave Birmingham at 09.00hrs that left 3 hrs late due to technical trouble. Got to Newark NJ so late we missed the 14.50 connection to Washington Dulles. They then booked us on another flight from Newark to Syracuse that was leaving at 21.04hrs that never turned up until about 22.30 and because there was a little downpour of rain the flight was delayed it had never left Attica. We went out on to the tarmac to board the plane and was confronted with a plane that looked like something from the Fred Flinstone era. This was a tiny DHC8 turbo prop plane and we were buffeted around like a roller coaster. So for that trip we were delayed for about 12 hours. Not even a cup of tea or a glass of water was offered to the passengers. The way back was even worse we were supposed to leave Syracuse at 19.10hrs on the 2nd September 2014. Next thing you know the rain started to fall again flight cancelled for 24 hours. We had to spend our own money for a one night stay in a hotel. So instead of going from Syracuse to Washington to Brussels to Birmingham we now had to go from Syracuse to Washington to Dublin then Birmingham. I won't be travelling with them again or recommending them to anyone."
"Flight UA3789 August 27 2014. Boarded an almost new plane that was in pristine condition comfortable seats (travelling on miles and paid for upgrade to premium seating). Ready for a great flight left on time. The flight crew were terrible there were glares from the front of the plane to the back. Almost no eye contact with customers rude finger pointing. When the snack trolley came by they simply walked past directed their comments to the air in front of them and continued on - likely very few sales there! When coffee and drinks came by they were already past before we could even request a drink (we weren't really asked you see) and we had to call them back to get a coffee. When I went to the toilet the crew simply jerked their finger at me without saying anything and gestured me into a seat that was vacant to wait. They scowled at everyone. By the time we left the plane the people in the seats behind me across from me and the seats near the toilets (I heard them talking as well) were totally turned off by our crew. This was the fourth bad experience I have heard of with United in the past year from co-workers and friends. In fact I have as yet to hear a good experience from any of my colleagues. Also when deplaning they gave out erroneous information. They said that those with connecting flights would have their luggage forwarded and they did not need to collect it. It was wrong in that they do need to collect their luggage to go through customs. Fortunately customs officials were asking people to make sure they had their forwarded luggage. Terrible service. I was flying on miles so the value was great the plane was new and comfortable the experience the pits!"
"IAD - SAV in August. Flight was on schedule both ways which I gather is unusual. The CRJ 200 equipment designed to be uncomfortable was pretty scruffy around the edges. Non stop on this route is convenient. I fly Asian carriers where I live. The FAs while maybe not as professional as they might sometimes be are always friendly well turned out and exquisitely polite. Those on the flights I take back and forth to the US are even more impressive. So imagine my surprise when arriving at the top of the gangway I was greeted by the assigned FA's not inconsiderable rear end. Have good manners been unbundled from the basic ticket price also?"
"My wife and I booked a flight through last minute.com it was really a last minute thing because we had to be in Auburn by the 22nd August 2014. We got a flight for the 21st August which involved a couple of stops. The flight was from Birmingham UK stopping at Newark NJ and then at Washington Dulles then Syracuse (outgoing). First the flight was supposed to leave Birmingham at 09.00hrs that left 3 hrs late due to technical trouble. Got to Newark NJ so late we missed the 14.50 connection to Washington Dulles. They then booked us on another flight from Newark to Syracuse that was leaving at 21.04hrs that never turned up until about 22.30 and because there was a little downpour of rain the flight was delayed it had never left Attica. We went out on to the tarmac to board the plane and was confronted with a plane that looked like something from the Fred Flinstone era. This was a tiny DHC8 turbo prop plane and we were buffeted around like a roller coaster. So for that trip we were delayed for about 12 hours. Not even a cup of tea or a glass of water was offered to the passengers. The way back was even worse we were supposed to leave Syracuse at 19.10hrs on the 2nd September 2014. Next thing you know the rain started to fall again flight cancelled for 24 hours. We had to spend our own money for a one night stay in a hotel. So instead of going from Syracuse to Washington to Brussels to Birmingham we now had to go from Syracuse to Washington to Dublin then Birmingham. I won't be travelling with them again or recommending them to anyone."
"Flight UA3789 August 27 2014. Boarded an almost new plane that was in pristine condition comfortable seats (travelling on miles and paid for upgrade to premium seating). Ready for a great flight left on time. The flight crew were terrible there were glares from the front of the plane to the back. Almost no eye contact with customers rude finger pointing. When the snack trolley came by they simply walked past directed their comments to the air in front of them and continued on - likely very few sales there! When coffee and drinks came by they were already past before we could even request a drink (we weren't really asked you see) and we had to call them back to get a coffee. When I went to the toilet the crew simply jerked their finger at me without saying anything and gestured me into a seat that was vacant to wait. They scowled at everyone. By the time we left the plane the people in the seats behind me across from me and the seats near the toilets (I heard them talking as well) were totally turned off by our crew. This was the fourth bad experience I have heard of with United in the past year from co-workers and friends. In fact I have as yet to hear a good experience from any of my colleagues. Also when deplaning they gave out erroneous information. They said that those with connecting flights would have their luggage forwarded and they did not need to collect it. It was wrong in that they do need to collect their luggage to go through customs. Fortunately customs officials were asking people to make sure they had their forwarded luggage. Terrible service. I was flying on miles so the value was great the plane was new and comfortable the experience the pits!"
"YWG-ORD-YWG: Got to the airport in plenty of time check in on United App didn't work for me so had to use the kiosk and have by far the United kiosks take the longest to fill out. Line up through security was long and slow due to only one lane being open (obviously not United's fault but still frustrating). United flight to and from Winnipeg are seldom on time and either delayed or cancelled probably about 70% of the time. It was no surprise to me that it was delayed an hour and a half. Ended up landing in Chicago about 2 hours late. On the way home mobile check in worked and the whole experience was positive. Got to the gate and seeing my flight was on time was too good to be true and it was. It moved gates and was delayed 40 minutes. Both flights were on an E145. I knew it was going to be snug so I can't really complain since I knew what I was flying on. Both flight attendants were pleasant. Overall I will not fly united anywhere other than Chicago or Denver and I'm even hesitant to fly United to those cities non stop."
"Come on United you need to step things up! While others are proceeding forward since their merger and around the globe I feel that UA has remained stagnant in their old ways. The club in LA is just abysmal with the lack of any proper amenities. My recent fight from Los Angeles to Seattle experienced an hour delay and there wasn't any proper dine for sale option though the flights departure was around dinner time. The service standards were one that provided no less or more of what was to be done. I really wish there was a better alternative to United for Star Alliance members to travel domestically on."
"We are a Star Alliance Gold family. We purchased Economy tickets from NRT-IAH-FLL-SCE-IAD-NRT but I later upgraded to BusinessFirst with cash. The cash upgrade cost $1400 each. On the NRT-IAH leg the first thing that I found odd was that the FA literally threw the tablecloth to/at me at the beginning of dinner service. I think he just didn't care because throughout the flight his demeanor was cold. Small things like my wife's request for water without ice were met with the glass of water with the biggest piece of ice in it. The seat was great the food was about what you'd expect at a family restaurant and I'm ok with both of these things but I really had to wonder don't people who pay to fly premium deserve at least not passive-aggressive”service? I guess not. The NRT- IAH departure was an hour late due to weather. We were not able to make our connection at IAH. I bet United Airlines could have helped expedite passengers (through immigration/customs/re-checking) with tight connections. Our IAH-FLL departed while we were waiting for our bags. I informed the UA rep at the baggage claim and he told me they'd rebooked us on the next mornings 06.40 IAH-FLL. I asked if I could get a meal/hotel voucher but he informed me that since it was a weather delay UA couldn't take care of us. We feared that we might oversleep the 06.40 flight because of the jetlag. I called UA to ask for another booking and though there were 4 IAH-FLL flights that day our only options were 06.40 or 20.00 departure. Their website revealed open seats on all flights but the rep explained to me that those were first class seats and we weren't eligible for them. The weather delay on departure was caused by a typhoon. IAH is also known to be quite poor at handling international flights. UA made the decision to sell NRT-IAH tickets with a 1.5-hour buffer nonetheless. Maybe it's my fault for buying it but at any rate rather than stay up all night or lose yet another day with my family we accepted a better-timed flight to MIA. Our business with UA resumed two weeks later for the SCE-IAD-NRT return to Japan we took another carrier for our FLL-MBJ and MBJ-ATL-DTW-SCE trips. I mistakenly placed a bottle of honey in my carry-on which was picked up by TSA at security. I figured that if I couldn't get to my bags I could box and check it. I saw my bags were already gone so I waited at the side of the check-in line and figured I would wait until they announced last call for SCE-IAD. The desk rep soon did so and I politely explained “I'd like to get this in to my checked bags.” The man was the portrait of hypertension and stress. He acted as if the world were about to end. Eventually another rep nicely asked me to go get a box from the store across the hallway and I did and when I came back the stressed-out rep acquiesced and while printing the tape/tags repeated over and over “ The flights boarding/you've got to get on it/it’s leaving.”The flight was just starting to board. I am writing this onboard IAD-NRT. We've decided that we won't fly UA again. We’ll pay more to avoid it."
"I took a flight from Hong Kong to Newark. Appalling from the moment I stepped on the plane. The staff were very unwelcoming. My seat was behind the exit row which was empty - all the row was empty and seeing as I was sitting between a family who had been split up because of the shoddy seating arrangements we asked if we were able to use the exit row. The response (in an aggressive tone) was no! If you want to sit there its now been designated premium economy its an extra USD 170 each and you can pay by credit card! Note that this in the economy / coach section. The stewardess then made a big deal of slamming down all the dining trays on those seats as if to \"seal off the section\" - it all made for an incredibly unpleasant start to the flight. Aside from the small seats and lack of leg room when dinner came round I politely requested a cup of tea. The cup of tea was passed to me without any milk or sugar. I politely asked for milk and sugar. She stopped - glared at me and snapped - \"well you could have told me that when you asked for the tea\". By this stage me and the family I was sharing the row with were finding the staff so rude it was verging on comical. Then to top it off having spent thousands of dollars on this flight I learn that there is no free alcohol. Don't get me wrong I can go with out a drink for 16 hours but its a small touch to offer an alcoholic beverage as part of the service. Anyway an absolute shambles and I shall not make the same mistake of flying with United again."
"We are a Star Alliance Gold family. We purchased Economy tickets from NRT-IAH-FLL-SCE-IAD-NRT but I later upgraded to BusinessFirst with cash. The cash upgrade cost $1400 each. On the NRT-IAH leg the first thing that I found odd was that the FA literally threw the tablecloth to/at me at the beginning of dinner service. I think he just didn't care because throughout the flight his demeanor was cold. Small things like my wife's request for water without ice were met with the glass of water with the biggest piece of ice in it. The seat was great the food was about what you'd expect at a family restaurant and I'm ok with both of these things but I really had to wonder don't people who pay to fly premium deserve at least not passive-aggressive”service? I guess not. The NRT- IAH departure was an hour late due to weather. We were not able to make our connection at IAH. I bet United Airlines could have helped expedite passengers (through immigration/customs/re-checking) with tight connections. Our IAH-FLL departed while we were waiting for our bags. I informed the UA rep at the baggage claim and he told me they'd rebooked us on the next mornings 06.40 IAH-FLL. I asked if I could get a meal/hotel voucher but he informed me that since it was a weather delay UA couldn't take care of us. We feared that we might oversleep the 06.40 flight because of the jetlag. I called UA to ask for another booking and though there were 4 IAH-FLL flights that day our only options were 06.40 or 20.00 departure. Their website revealed open seats on all flights but the rep explained to me that those were first class seats and we weren't eligible for them. The weather delay on departure was caused by a typhoon. IAH is also known to be quite poor at handling international flights. UA made the decision to sell NRT-IAH tickets with a 1.5-hour buffer nonetheless. Maybe it's my fault for buying it but at any rate rather than stay up all night or lose yet another day with my family we accepted a better-timed flight to MIA. Our business with UA resumed two weeks later for the SCE-IAD-NRT return to Japan we took another carrier for our FLL-MBJ and MBJ-ATL-DTW-SCE trips. I mistakenly placed a bottle of honey in my carry-on which was picked up by TSA at security. I figured that if I couldn't get to my bags I could box and check it. I saw my bags were already gone so I waited at the side of the check-in line and figured I would wait until they announced last call for SCE-IAD. The desk rep soon did so and I politely explained “I'd like to get this in to my checked bags.” The man was the portrait of hypertension and stress. He acted as if the world were about to end. Eventually another rep nicely asked me to go get a box from the store across the hallway and I did and when I came back the stressed-out rep acquiesced and while printing the tape/tags repeated over and over “ The flights boarding/you've got to get on it/it’s leaving.”The flight was just starting to board. I am writing this onboard IAD-NRT. We've decided that we won't fly UA again. We’ll pay more to avoid it."
"As I near one million miles with this airline I marvel at the abuse I regularly endure. 1/3 flights have some irregularity in part because I live in a community served by UA Express. Regularly UA cancels flights nearly always on the pretext of weather. The UA rez engine never seems to find me the next available flight despite my Premier Exec status. The last 2 cancellation reported at 4.17 am for a 6.27 departure (SCE-ORD-YUL) didn't see anything available until 8.30 pm with an overnight at my expense. I called rez and got a 1pm departure after a wait list failed. 0 customer care for a loyal flyer."
"I started off from Seattle to Ottawa. Flight was delayed by more than an hour in Seattle b/c of a \"technical problem.\" Then I was stranded in Chicago for hours before I got to Ottawa after 2pm. I was supposed to get to Ottawa approximately at 9:30am. On my way back a week later I got to Ottawa airport at 4am for my 6am flight. We were told flight was canceled due to a \"technical problem\" and I was asked to come back at 2pm. I had to argue with them to get me the 11.45 flight to Chicago. Stated in Chicago for hours then arrived in Seattle close to 6pm. I was supposed to be back in Seattle approximately at 10.30am. To be fare they provided us two $8 (Canadian) food vouchers. However I will never rely on United Airlines to get me to my destination on time and I will never fly with them again."
"Left Houston for Milwaukee after four flight delays! Return flight - I was delayed another four hours in Houston without explanation and no vouchers. Next time - American Airlines. Another dissatisfied customer!"
"TPA-ORD-LHR: terrible. I know you get what you pay for but I still expect more than this for what was mainly a transatlantic trip. The TPA-ORD leg was the usual 'bus' service you get used to for US domestic trips but the international leg was beyond terrible. The aircraft was old - decor of a bygone era. The TV screens were the sort I remember for a decade ago - tiny no personal controls. The food was stingy and poor quality (a slab of meat resembling a chicken breast at some time in the past). The cabin crew were surly and long past retirement age (who knows what would happen in an emergency). Surely they could stump up at least one complementary alcoholic beverage like other transatlantic carriers. Next time I'll pay more for a much superior service. This is the budget airline of the Atlantic."
"Paid high premium for last minute flight. Wasn't given a seat assignment because no coach seats were left and only seats toward the front which they charge $84 to sit in were left. Got seat assignment at gate back of the plane. Received lowest Group Boarding number because the gate agent said they order group number based on where you sit. Windows higher middle lower aisle lowest. But if you fly stand by you get to set in premium seats with better group number getting a better chance to have overhead space because no one wants to pay $84 just to sit closer to the front of the plane which gives you a better group number. Other airlines are based on more you pay more you get. Was already paying max for flight way more than rest because time constraints than other passengers. United does not care about their customers gate agents are mostly grumpy. They have some of the shortest leg room of most carriers."
"MUC-EWR-MUC Aug 2014. Purchased very expensive summer tickets online at Lufthansa.com all the way being led to believe the flight was operated by LH. Only realized it was United after paying the ticket. 1) Pre-ordered special meal not available (although chosen when purchasing ticket at Lufthansa.com). 2) In order to select seats had to go to United.com after purchasing tix at Lufthansa.com. 3) In-flight entertainment had no sound on the MUC-EWR portion of journey. 4) Alcohol on board available only for cash? 5) Online boarding passes not available for either flight - never had this problem with Lufthansa Swiss or any other European airline! 6) EWR airport Terminal C is the worst ever seen nothing to do and bad food available only after the security checkpoint. 7) Check-in procedure at EWR: a huge and completely empty section of United check-in reserved for \"premium\" passengers (for all 12 of them). 8) Economy passengers check in a cellar at \"self-service\" terminals overseen by only a handful of employees slow inefficient overcrowded. If Lufthansa is serious about its Star Alliance ratings they should revise the membership of third-rate airlines."
"This 80 min United Express flight from Nashville to Washington D.C. was on an ancient CRJ200. The window frames were caulked the overhead bins had chipped edges and the seats ripped. The equipment certainly doesn't represent the United brand in its finest light."
"My two children and I had a flight booked from Albany to Portland Oregon changing planes in Newark and Houston. I received my first delay notice via email at 10.16 due to late inbound aircraft arrival. The second one came at 4.39 pm while we were at Newark Airport due to same reason however my children and I watched the plane arrive. The plane had tons of cargo underneath. Not just baggage but tons of commercial boxes. Our plane which was originally supposed to take off at 5pm for Houston did not take off until almost 7pm which put us in Houston at 9.30 a half hour after our plane left for Portland. That was just the beginning of our frustration. As I got to the gate and went to ask the United Airline attendant about connections she said \"see the guy down there and he will help you with connecting flight.\" She was just telling us what we needed to hear to get us out of her way. By the time I got to customer service at 9.45 United Airlines customer service workers were dropping like flies among a mob of very unhappy people. We are talking 10pm people at one of America's busiest airports. 10.30 I finally get with a customer service worker who gets me food voucher's taxi voucher's and a hotel voucher for a best western 25 minutes away from the airport. She said \"grab some food around the corner\". All food venues were closed. We walked down to ground transportation and were informed only yellow cabs accept taxi voucher's. Finally got a cab and made it to the hotel at 11.30. In short lies and terrible customer service. The cargo was more important than the passengers and the customer service was horrible. I guess I'll never fly United again and given the amount I travel that's a loss for them."
"I fly 3-5 times a month domestically and internationally. My most recent flight was from Houston Texas to Mexico City. I must say that in 20 years of air travel I have never experienced a flight attendant crew as unprofessional as the crew on that plane. They were very short with passengers! The over head bins were full and they asked that stored our bags under the seats in front of us. I am 6' 2\" the new planes have even less room to fit your legs and feet. Once you bag goes there where are you to put your feet and legs? Keep in mind all I had was a computer bag. I was sitting mid plane in an aisle seat I asked if there was any room up further for my computer bag - \"No if you don't like it the next flight in 3 hrs is less full if you would like me to arrange it for you\". This was the reply in a very threatening tone! A few moments later I watched the same scenario happen to 2 more passengers with the same consequences. Very unprofessional atmosphere! This atmosphere and overall attitude seems to be becoming the normal for United. Flight #431 departed Houston 8.55am arrived Mex City at 11.10am."
"Another cancelled flight! I can't remember the last time a United flight took off on time. Unfortunately I live in Chicago and take them a lot. 2 cancellations in 2 months. They gave me a few points for the last cancelled flight. Big deal - I have to use them on United. United is so horrible that they actually tried to charge me for scheduling a flight in place of the flight they cancelled! Can we get trains to go Chicago to New York? Boston? It would be wonderful just like going from Amsterdam to Brussels to Paris. United has ruined travel. What a mess."
"My wife and son took United Airlines this summer back form China and transfer in Newark airport. The connection flight and last flight of the day was cancelled due to thunder storms. During the time they waited for their next flight United Airlines did not provide any accommodation they has to sit in gate area seats the whole night until next day. A horrible experience."
"Horrible experience flying with United Airlines. From Calgary to Orlando two flights and no snacks provided. My kids were so upset not having any entertainment. TV did not show any channels unless you pay with your credit card. Snacks only if you pay. Missed a connecting flight and delayed due to weather. Waited in line for 3 hours and then boarded. Still no complimentary snacks provided to passengers. No taxi voucher provided due to missed flight. I had to pay more than $200 USD to taxi and I stayed in hotel for only 5 hours. Cost me more time and money to stay for those 5 hours. When I went to board the flight I was told only 2 members of my family could board they did not have space for all four. Options I was given was to connect to flights to different cities which would cost me more time. Paid over $160 for baggage. I will make sure no one in my family fly with this airline."
"I was flying CVG-ORD-LHR. Had an onward very good flight to Mumbai with Jet Airways. CVG-ORD flight was alright. Small aircraft not much of a problem as it was a short trip. It all started once we reached Chicago. After landing we waited in the aircraft for more than an hour. I reached my gate and asked the United staff about my plane. They clearly said that it was on time. So I go eat and come back and my flight is cancelled! I asked the same staff member again and she says I have to contact customer service. They tell me that there is another flight in 2 hours and they will transfer me. Told there are only middle seats in the middle row left! Th4 flight was delayed by an hour again and I was sure I would miss my connecting flight. Onboard the seat was very narrow no leg room and me being a vegetarian my special meal did not get transferred onto this flight. The staff were rude no smiles and hated being even asked for water. The entertainment was the worst I have seen! 4 channels 4 fixed movies one on each and they all start at the same time. Absolutely no value for money. As we finally after 8 hours land in London I had just 25 mins to go from Terminal 1 to Terminal 4 to catch my next flight so ran throughout no option and was one of the last people to catch the plane. I will never fly United again."
"The second time United Airline had failed me. The first was on October 2013. This review is about my last flight in August 14. I was flying from Houston Texas to LAX. There was a storm near Texas and we were delayed about 2 hours. I understand there are natural disasters out of the airlines control. The problem is how these situations are handled. First one of the flight attendants seemed annoyed by people asking if they could use the restroom and get some water. The other flight attendant was very nice and she tried her best to accommodate peoples needs. Once we were in the air they started selling food to people about an hour into the flight. I have a gluten free restriction and they had very limited options. I wanted the cheese plate with grapes and chocolate and they sold out! That was pretty much my only option. Finally we arrived to LAX 2+ hours late and the gate didn't work. So we waited once again to be let out. Finally it was time to go get my luggage which was taken from me in Texas because there was no more room for my bag. I was the last one on the flight because they had a computer glitch and they couldn't find my seat. It took them about 20 minutes to fix the problem. They didn't tell me if I should wait by the door or go to baggage claims once I arrive at LAX. Once I arrived at LAX I tried asking about my luggage but there was big lines to talk to someone. There seem to be many other problems last night. Finally I asked one United flight attendant and with an attitude she told to go to baggage claim. I told her nobody had explained to me where to get my bag and she was annoyed with my questions. I had flown in other airlines were my luggage was given to me once I exited the plane! It was a legitimate question. Once I was in baggage claim they had about 5 different places two pick up luggage. 3 out of the 5 screens was broken. I asked another Inited employee where I could get my luggage and again with an attitude she said \"Obviously it's right there can't you see it?\". I told her their screens are broken so no I can't see it. Most United Airline employees are rude disrespectful and not helpful. They seem to hate their job. Unfortunately this is the 2nd time I have such a horrible experience with United."
"I was flying recently from Lincoln NE to Chicago IL. This flight goes back and forth between the two cities multiple times per day. The Lincoln airport also houses Delta and only has four gates so it is very small. The first flight left Lincoln and made it to Chicago with no problems. As the flight was coming back to Lincoln from Chicago it was diverted to Kansas City MO in which the staff members told us that it is too \"foggy\" to land in Lincoln. What was upsetting was that our flight was delayed three hours and there was not any fog in the area. In fact there was partial sunshine the day of our flight. The staff did not even apologize or attempt to assist the customers who had connecting flights in Chicago. Once on the aircraft the flight attendant was very rude and demeaning. For example we were at the back of the airplane and we did not even receive a beverage before we landed in which the flight attendant told us that we did not need one because she ran out of time."
"Calgary Airport to Houston (George Bush) on 31st July 2014. Connecting flight from Houston (George Bush) Airport to Orlando. Returned on 11th August. Orlando to Houston Houston to Calgary. What can I say but after reading such dreadful reviews before our trip I should have listened and gone with another airline! We experienced the worst service ever. Delayed flights once they told us that the wrong plane had been sent. How do you send the wrong plane. 100 people too small. Miserable gum chewing flight attendants that looked like they'd just crawled out of bed. Nearly bumped off one flight altogether and the staff couldn't care less. We even had to pay for inflight entertainment. I seriously don't think they even care if no one wants to fly with them again."
"Calgary Airport to Houston (George Bush) on 31st July 2014. Connecting flight from Houston (George Bush) Airport to Orlando. Returned on 11th August. Orlando to Houston Houston to Calgary. What can I say but after reading such dreadful reviews before our trip I should have listened and gone with another airline! We experienced the worst service ever. Delayed flights once they told us that the wrong plane had been sent. How do you send the wrong plane. 100 people too small. Miserable gum chewing flight attendants that looked like they'd just crawled out of bed. Nearly bumped off one flight altogether and the staff couldn't care less. We even had to pay for inflight entertainment. I seriously don't think they even care if no one wants to fly with them again."
"My husband myself and 3 year old was supposed to fly out the 12th of Aug at 6.10pm. Our flight was delayed 3 times. Then we were told now we had to stay the night at Richmond airport or at O'Hare. We had a choice. We decided to just go home and come back to the 7.45am flight. We got the airport at 6am and was told our flight was delayed until 9am but our connecting flight took off at 9am. So at this point we had no flight out of O'Hare. The airline told us we could sleep at O'Hare on the floor for 7 hrs and couldn't promise a flight out. We did change to American Airlines but did have to wait 5 hrs for that flight. We slept on an airport floor until we left. But no issues after we got off of United."
"UA 511 SEA-IAD. I am United 1 K but increasingly moving my travel to Delta and other carriers. UA has tanked since its merger. Bad experience started at check-in who incorrectly told me I could not through-check bags to KBL (eventually she did) and then berated me. Plane was tired no internet minimal entertainment. Also minimal food in first class but I'll give a pass on that."
"Flew from Dulles to Brussels on what was described by crew as \"a better option than Dulles to Newark to Brussels\" and then were left in Belgium with no baggage and no attempt of help from United. We ended up going to Morocco from there and were helped by both Air Maroc and the Belgians. On the way back to the U.S. we were then bumped from our flight due to United giving away our pre-booked tickets to another family. They then complained to us that we were late when we were in fact 3 hours early."
"Horrible experience on a Tuesday night flight United flight delays because of some rain from Charleston WV to Chicago caused me to miss flight to Memphis. United only rebooked flight the next day. No offer to put up in hotel. Had to stay in the airport and just sit for 9 hours waiting on the next flight (which got delayed too). It took over 19 hours to go from Charleston to Memphis. I should have taken a Greyhound bus it would have been much cheaper and faster. Horrible service they simply don't care. Never will fly United again."
"United Airlines needs serious work on maintenance pilots and air crew. I fly (or used to up till now) about 6 times a month for the last 6 years. I can count on 1 hand the number of flights that actually left or arrived on time. There were crew issues (I sat at the gate with the plane present for over 1.5 hrs waiting on a crew from another flight to show up). There were maintenance issues (we are on the plane which was late showing up in the first place supposed to leave at 8.50 plane shows up 9.20. Load the plane by 9.40 sit at the gate because main door would not indicate sealed until 10.15 then cancelled flight. Wait over 12 hours for a new flight). Pilot issues (plane late arriving again after 2 hour delay pilots get on load plane plane pulls out of gate then returns to gate. Pilots leave flight their hours are up. Time used while sitting at gate on phones not flying). If I'm late by 1 minute the door shuts can't get on the plane ok my fault. I sit waiting for over 12 hours because the plane has issues suck it up not even a sorry."
"My husband and I went to Cozumel from Dallas and back with United. The night before out flight I tried to check in and on one of our flights the only way to get to claim seats was by paying 40$ per person. Ridiculous as I had booked the flight months ago. Departing there was a 40 min delay due to \"lack of personnel\" but as we were boarding the pilot came on saying there was no reason for the delays and that the crew were all there. On the way home the same issue of not being able to claim seats without paying. Then on the way home we had a delay once again from Houston to Dallas. The first delay was due to \"awaiting aircraft\" and it was 50 min then we boarded the plane 15 mins late due to delayed customers then a final delay of 45 min due to operations. Absolutely ridiculous especially as I paid 100 dollars more for an earlier flight."
"Flying on this United Express service Embraer RJ 135 from Houston to Nashville was a very claustrophobic experience. Being 190cm when I walked in I had to seriously bend over for the ceiling is very low. The 2-1 seating configuration is a good indicator of how small and narrow the cabin really is. All-in-all felt like flying in a cigar tin can. These regional jets are not my favourite yet they seem to be getting more prevalent in the United network."
"Horrible experience flying with United Airlines. From Calgary to Orlando two flights and no snacks provided. My kids were so upset not having any entertainment. TV did not show any channels unless you pay with your credit card. Snacks only if you pay. Missed a connecting flight and delayed due to weather. Waited in line for 3 hours and then boarded. Still no complimentary snacks provided to passengers. No taxi voucher provided due to missed flight. I had to pay more than $200 USD to taxi and I stayed in hotel for only 5 hours. Cost me more time and money to stay for those 5 hours. When I went to board the flight I was told only 2 members of my family could board they did not have space for all four. Options I was given was to connect to flights to different cities which would cost me more time. Paid over $160 for baggage. I will make sure no one in my family fly with this airline."
"I have had several problems with UA over the years and tend to avoid them but recently I had no good option other than to travel with them from SFO to Dulles round-trip in economy class. The return flight on a 757-300 was horrific with turbulence for hours. The pilot never really commented on it other than a brief \"It's bumpy so I've turned on the seat belt sign\". I am only 5' 2\" and 105 lbs. and I was unable to sit without my knees hitting the seat in front of me. There was no in-flight entertainment at all. I will continue to avoid flying UA at all costs even though they have a hub near us in SFO. My past grievance with them concerned their small seats rude flight staff and last-minute flight cancellations back-to-back with other overbooked flights. While turbulence is turbulence it was handled very poorly."
"Flight from Detroit to New York was 3 hours late which meant we arrived so late that there was nothing left of the day despite only a 1 hr 50 min flight. On the flight from NY to Stockholm we never experienced such unprofessional and unpleasant behaviour from the cabin crew. Overall grumpy except one younger female flight attendant. The older female was very harsh and unfriendly. We will never fly United Airlines again."
"Flight from Cancun to Houston 8/5/14 arrived at the airport 2.5 hrs prior's to flight time of 3.02pm. It took the entire 2.5 hours to get through the check in line. Ended up having to run to catch the plane. Don't know why they didn't open more lanes the line never got any shorter. When we finally got to the front the line was just as long if not longer than we got there 2.5 hours earlier. Stewardess's were not friendly. Only good thing was flight was on time."
"The in-flight service and cabin cleanliness was terrible. I have flown this flight before it has been fine. This time around the flight staff were rude or off-handish. One flight attendant abruptly placed the food tray stating 'only chicken' when another flight attendant actually had pasta. When questioned we were spoken to rudely. The toilets were not cleaned on other airlines they clean as you go. My wife mentioned to the flight attendants and their reply was 'you should see the rest of China' - we actually live in Beijing. They also said that she should wait until Beijing when it will be cleaned. Also in years past (18 years I have been flying with UAL) United had been much better. Flight attendants didn't know when to turn lights on or off or when they were suppose to start the food/beverage services. Where has the United I once knew gone?"
"I have flown with United Airlines multiple times so this is no \"one time\" incident. To have a something go wrong is almost unavoidable. My last experience for example was the last flight of a series of flights from Prague to New Orleans if only it were that easy. The final flight from Washington to New Orleans was supposed to leave at 6:50. There was a \"late inbound aircraft arrival\" which kept us all in the airport for 3 hours constantly being reassured that the flight would be there shortly. I wish I could say that this incident was the only time it has happened but unfortunately this is a feeling quite familiar to a United Aircraft flyer."
"The in-flight service and cabin cleanliness was terrible. I have flown this flight before it has been fine. This time around the flight staff were rude or off-handish. One flight attendant abruptly placed the food tray stating 'only chicken' when another flight attendant actually had pasta. When questioned we were spoken to rudely. The toilets were not cleaned on other airlines they clean as you go. My wife mentioned to the flight attendants and their reply was 'you should see the rest of China' - we actually live in Beijing. They also said that she should wait until Beijing when it will be cleaned. Also in years past (18 years I have been flying with UAL) United had been much better. Flight attendants didn't know when to turn lights on or off or when they were suppose to start the food/beverage services. Where has the United I once knew gone?"
"I have flown with United Airlines multiple times so this is no \"one time\" incident. To have a something go wrong is almost unavoidable. My last experience for example was the last flight of a series of flights from Prague to New Orleans if only it were that easy. The final flight from Washington to New Orleans was supposed to leave at 6:50. There was a \"late inbound aircraft arrival\" which kept us all in the airport for 3 hours constantly being reassured that the flight would be there shortly. I wish I could say that this incident was the only time it has happened but unfortunately this is a feeling quite familiar to a United Aircraft flyer."
"8am flight from Winnipeg to Chicago cancelled 12 hours early due to weather. How the airline knew there would be weather issues that far in advance is beyond me. The earlier flight and the later flight taking the same route went as scheduled. Was re-booked unknown to me with an overnight in Denver (final destination was Tampa). After much difficulty finding a number for the airline was able to get a different flight however leaving Aug 6th instead of 5th. Then asked to be refunded the checked baggage fee and was told I have to do that myself online. Checked the weather this morning and the skies between Winnipeg and Chicago all clear. Will stay clear of United from now on."
"We sent our son 11 years old from San Francisco to Austin TX for a trip on his own. When we were booking his flight on united.com it said that there was a mandatory $300 airline service fee for unaccompanied minors if a child is under 12. The $300 was supposed to pay for a mandatory \"unaccompanied minor service\". According to them the fee will give the child a United representative to be of help at all times. When we got to the airport though we learned that the \"service\" was a scam and that they weren't going to do anything for my son. We thought they were going to help him through security and onto the gate but no. They told us that we could have gate passes and go through the security line and help him onto his flight. We were expecting them to help my son for anything he needed but it seemed that they were treating him like he was an adult and didn't care that he was going on a flight all by himself. Today he is supposed to come back from Austin but his flight is delayed due to technical difficulties for 5 hours and instead of taking care of my son as I have paid them to do so I they instead have called my son's aunt whom my son was living with in Austin and asked her to come and wait with my son for the duration of the time. We are wondering why we have paid this fee and what it even includes. When his aunt went to tell the the airline service that my son has the unaccompanied minor service they told her that they don't care and that she must wait in the line like everyone else. This is horrible service and is terrible compared to other airlines. I will not be flying with United Airlines after this experience."
"United has become a terrible airline since the merger with Continental. The service customer focus and experience have all declined in the past few years. United no longer values loyal customers and it is evident by their service and how they treat their loyal members. I have been a loyal member for 20 years and have decided it is time to find another airline who will treat their passengers better and create a better flight and service experience. The delays also have been horrendous lately with waiting for flight crews to arrive."
"We flew home from Germany to Alberta Canada we had a stop over in Chicago IL. United Airlines had the worst service we have ever had from an airline company. The people were very unhelpful. Here is what happened an explanation of why we are so disappointed. The customer service was the worst we have had. It was our honeymoon we boarded our initial flight in Barcelona Spain with a different airline they flew us to Germany at which point we were to get on our UA flight. The first thing that annoyed us was that the UA airline baggage people didn't even make an effort to get our luggage on our first UA flight (this is something we didn't find out until we were already in Chicago). The lady we spoke to in Chicago simply said \"you had a short layover and in cases like that we don't get the luggage because its too difficult.\" Once we were in Chicago and realized our baggage hadn't made it onto our plane we were told that it would be very easy to give the UA baggage office our address and they would ship them to us the next day. So we landed in Calgary (an hour late) and went to the UA baggage office to report our missing bags and give our address to them. We waited at their office for 1.5 hrs. This was a very frustrating experience in regards to the baggage and customer service. On a final note I would not recommend traveling with United Airlines (Lufthansa)!"
"Flew Houston-Denver in Economy Plus. UAL charges you extra for deplorable seats. So narrow that the normal sized guy next to me was half in my seat. And the so called extra leg room is a scant 3 inches more for $50. The guy in front reclined his seat all the way ans I thought I was in a tiny cage. UAL charges for AV service. The snack pack for $8 was just OK. The flight staff was friendly - the only positive about this airline."
"United Airlines business or first class to Aruba is very bad. Misleading advertising service and claimed equipment is false. No inflight entertainment as advertised. No video or music in First Class. Seats tray and pockets all dirty with food and garbage from last passenger. This was a brand new plane and in first class the seats were so close I could not get out of my seat without disturbing the passenger in front of me or to my side. Food was spoiled with rancid oil used. Staff could care less. Not even power for my laptop to get work done. Wi-Fi entertainment power all advertised and paid for but got none of it. All bait and switch. This was a blatant rip-off of a consumer. Make you pay for services and then you don't get them."
"I booked a straight flight from Washington Dulles to Toronto CA. Keep in mind that this was a weekend trip and I was supposed to return Monday afternoon. My departing flight was scheduled for 3.20pm and we boarded around 4pm. The pilot announced that the door could not close completely so we had to wait for an Engineer to fix it. We waited on the plane for an hour. The Engineer came and it took an additional 30 minutes. We got on the runway then the pilot announced that Toronto had issued a no-fly restriction due to severe thunderstorms. We waited on the runway for an hour. They took us back to the terminal and after about 2 0minutes it was time to take off again. We got back on the runway went to the same spot to prepare for take-off when the pilot announced that Toronto Intl. issued another no-fly restriction and we had to wait 30 more minutes. So we did. Then later they called the plane off the runway and cancelled the flight. It took 2 hours to get to customer service so they could help me get on another flight. The Agents were so rude and barely attempted to help me find something that would take me to Toronto that night! Ended up booking me on a 5.45am flight Saturday morning. I left Washington Airport at 11pm. Saturday morning I got on a connecting flight through Texas. What was supposed to be a straight flight to Toronto took 6 hours! To make matters worse my new booking was out of Reagan Airport so I had to adjust my return flight. They gave me a flight back on Air Canada (the Toronto to Chicago leg). I stood in line to check in and learned from the agent at Air Canada that United never officially reserved the seat for me. I had to run to United get them to reserve the flight give me a print out so that I could return to Air Canada. I connected in Chicago. The United flight from Chicago to DC was hour late. I lost time money and sleep. United had no compassion and was unapologetic."
"The worst airlines I have flown in years! Kiosks were confusing and not enough help to use them. Both round trip flights from Boston to San Francisco were packed to the gills. Seats were terrible and cramped and it felt like you were sardines. Absolutely no snacks at all! Food offerings looked so bad even the staff said not to buy most of them. They have the audacity on the flight back to charge passengers for direct TV with no free channels at all! No cool circulating air so it felt suffocating! Seats terrible and uncomfortable. Staff agreed with our complaints. Flight was one hour late getting into Boston."
"HKG-SFO July 28 2014 Economy Plus. Quite simply the worst over-pacific flight I've had (I've had about 70+). The United International Economy Plus product is quite simply one of the worst available when aboard a crusty old 747. The IFE was antiquated and the movies were b-movies at best. The plane is old and crusty and desperately in need of an update. Flight attendants were indifferent and nearly tossed meal trays onto your fold down tray. Seats were dilapidated. Flight took off and landed late. This United international product is sub-standard and should be an embarrassment to United Airlines. With Star Alliance partners ANA and Asiana both offering superior product at same price why would anyone fly United? Quite simply the other airlines do a better job on these routes."
"LHR-ORD-LHR. Initial impressions of United were not great as I attempted to check in online only to find that their website system 'could not check you in at this time' after going through the whole process! United now operate from the new terminal 2 at Heathrow which is a big improvement. However upon boarding it was noticeable that the 767 was quite old (pre Boeing 'signature interior' and my seat was uncomfortable. The IFE system is also outdated and was unreliable. However the flight was punctual. The check in system for my return flight ORD-LHR was poor. Initial check in at the airport required using an automated terminal but I could not select a seat as these are allocated at the gate. It is then necessary to queue again to be allocated a seat. There is also not enough space in the departure area to accommodate everyone travelling on the flight. The onboard conditions were also similar on the return flight to the outbound (same aircraft type) except that I was bumped down into the standard economy section from the Economy Plus section. As someone who is 6ft plus this meant squeezing into a cramped seat with minimal legroom - totally unsuitable for a lengthy flight. In addition they ran out of meal choices so passengers had to 'get what they are given'. United also have a stingy policy of charging for alcoholic drinks at inflated prices. Once again the seat was not comfortable and the IFE system was not even working this time. Thankfully arrival was slightly early and the arrival process at Heathrow was most efficient. I will try to avoid flying with United again until they improve the quality of their product."
"HNL-ORD. Overnight in a B777-200. United is refurbishing these aircrafts-and we wished they would hurry it up! No sound A/V Wi-Fi. No entertainment whatsoever (but at least no one had worked the Sudoku in my \"Hemispheres\" mag.). My seat worked ok but my wife had to manually lift the leg support on hers and couldn't unhinge the foot rest. Then in addition the reading light for her seat wouldn't turn off. On-board staff were great: sincerely apologetic for the lack of amenities profusely sympathetic about the seat problems. Service was excellent. Dinner was very good breakfast less so but still appreciated. This could be a very good trip once the planes are fixed up."
"Flight from ORD to Edinburgh was first delayed and then cancelled at 7pm due to \"aircraft maintenance\". We were told to stay at the gate where a 'recover' team would rebook us onto other flights. It took each agent about 15 minutes to deal with each customer and then after standing in line for an hour we were told that we had to leave the gate as it was needed for another flight. We were told to go and join the back of the long queue at the Customer Services desk across the hall. After standing in line for almost another hour we were told that the best that could be done would be to put us on the flight the next day. Luckily I checked and found an American Airlines flight to London Heathrow leaving at 9.40pm that night with an onward connection to Edinburgh with British Airways. The American and BA staff were courteous and helpful unlike the United staff who didn't seem to give a damn."
"UA982 12/23/2013. United provided me with the worst traveling experience of my life. I spent 24 hours in Kuwait City airport after a cancelled flight. United gave me the run-around promising flight after flight which were all already overbooked. The only compensation I received was a complimentary hotel room. I got to the hotel at 1.30am and they took me back to the airport at 4am to catch a flight that was of course overbooked. I finally got a flight (on a different airline) 12 hours later. I understand that some circumstances simply cannot be helped. That is the gamble that goes along with travel. It is the being lied to and treated so poorly which made my experience so terrible."
"I write this review sitting in the Milwaukee Wisconsin airport. My flight from Milwaukee to Chicago has been first cancelled then delayed twice. I should have driven to Chicago. Missed two connecting flights. Should have bee in Hartford CT at 10am then 2pm now 4pm. What an absolute joke. When an airline can't provide adequate service from Milwaukee to Chicago they should just fold up their tent and go home. Don't pretend to be a transportation service when you can't transport people as promised. Scheduled this trip specifically to attend a theatre production produced by a friend. Attending that event despite my best planning is being placed in jeopardy by this airline."
"In May my flight from Newark to Toronto was cancelled due to bad weather - eventually 3 hours after boarding and sitting on the tarmac. I was then left stranded as an international passenger trying to deal with a very surly United ground staff \"customer service agent\" who told me either to sleep overnight in the airport or find a hotel? No help or assistance. I complained to United officially on my return to the UK and in fact they \"granted\" me a voucher for $150 off my next booking. They added that they hoped that this did not give me a bad impression of United. Unfortunately I had already made my next booking to the US with United travelling Belfast to Newark to Knoxville early July. Flights from Newark to Knoxville cancelled two days in a row. As there are 3 of us this time I have to find hotels for 2 nights in a row. One positive that came of this was that United re-routed us to Knoxville via Atlanta using Delta. On the way back from Knoxville via Washington to Newark the United flight was delayed by 2 hours. We are then re-routed from Washington to London then Belfast. It maybe incidental to note that no other airlines had delays at Knoxville that day? At least we get home albeit some 4 hours later than expected. Due to delays in arriving we miss the connection London to Belfast. Luckily this flight is on a British Airways plane so I go to BA and it is sorted - promptly and courteously by a nice customer service lady."
"First Class from LA to Dulles. When breakfast service came they had cereal and fruit. That's the meal for a $3000 ticket. The attendant repeatedly told me \"That is all we currently have available\". I offered to buy my own breakfast from the coach menu and was informed that I would indeed have to purchase my meal. On my return flight scheduled at 2.30 pm from Dulles the flight was delayed twice then cancelled at 6pm. Provided with a $100 coupon - certainly doesn't pay for a hotel room in DC. My original plan - flying back on the 10.10 pm flight indeed proved irrational. It was also delayed. I asked the customer service agent to put me on American 6.15 flight to LA. She refused pointing out that I was on backup for 10.10 pm with United. She reissued my ticket on American at the coach rate. She also incorrectly copied down the gate to delay my progress. Thankfully they were on the same concourse. When I made it to American I indeed confirmed that there still was an open first class ticket. The lovely American agent called United and unfortunately did no better than I had for the past three hours finding someone who could reissue the ticket as first class. American graciously put me in the last seat without any help and much hindrance from United. I can honestly say that one should strongly consider their well being before booking a United flight."
"This is usually a good airline - except when flying out of Santa Barbara CA. They share with Skywest and this is a horrible partnership. The gate agents in SBA are horrific and could not care less about their customers. They canceled our flight and the next flight and the next flight on our anniversary weekend. Their only excuse was that skywest never responds and this always happens. If I offered that at my place of business I would be out of business."
"First class on 767-400 round trip Newark-Honolulu. Seat and entertainment couldn't be better. Meal service was an embarrassment in both directions. Departed Newark 9.15am served an omelette an hour later then not a morsel until an inedible cheeseburger an hour before landing. Departed Honolulu 8.10pm served a snack of hummus peppers feta with a bag of chips then not a morsel until an inedible breakfast sandwich 45 minutes before landing. I politely complained and was offered a chicken wrap from economy. I offered to pay but money refused. This is not a route with complimentary upgrades. Everyone paid to sit up front. I can't understand why UA continues to alienate customers."
"I checked in and went to gate and all was fine for our flight from SFO to Portland. Went to have lunch and came back 10 mins before boarding there was a cancellation of our flight. The next flight and all fights were full leaving from any airport Oakland San Jose etc. They could not accommodate us on any flight until the next morning. I ended up driving 12 hours. I am so disappointed that we were not notified ahead of time even just a couple of hours and I could have made other arrangements. The worst part is the cancellation was due to them being understaffed! Ridiculous reason and poor planning on their part."
"UA 922 20 July: My name is one of three called out for last boarding due to delayed UA 1711 flight from Boston to Newark due to a mechanical problem as we were told. The delay did not augur well for my not-so-pleasant experience in the flight: no water in the loo food was miserable (the sweet sour chicken meal was kind of soupy and was tasteless) and one particular stewardess was quite snappy. The good thing was the uneventful flight which was a relief considering the week's news. Another good thing was my \"seatmate\" was transferred next to family so I had two seats to myself. My \"no\" recommendation was specifically for this plane and crew."
"When boarding United flight 919 from LHR to IAD on July 22 2014 I was mortified to be humiliated by a flight attendant because I could not reach the overhead bin to stow my carry on bag. The plane is large and I am 5'1 not tall enough to reach the bin. At 69 I also do not have strength to lift a bag over my head. Berating this to me she said if I could not put the bag in the bin myself then it would have to be checked. Other passengers were shocked at her response to my predicament and of course a kindly tall gentleman immediately put it in the bin for me. On departing the aircraft a tall woman who had heard the attendant earlier came over to take down the bag. The attendant's attitude and manner was very rude. I was in seat 27D for which I had to pay an extra $125. I have been flying across the Atlantic for 53 years. This was my first and hopefully last trip I'll make on United."
"UA 922 20 July: My name is one of three called out for last boarding due to delayed UA 1711 flight from Boston to Newark due to a mechanical problem as we were told. The delay did not augur well for my not-so-pleasant experience in the flight: no water in the loo food was miserable (the sweet sour chicken meal was kind of soupy and was tasteless) and one particular stewardess was quite snappy. The good thing was the uneventful flight which was a relief considering the week's news. Another good thing was my \"seatmate\" was transferred next to family so I had two seats to myself. My \"no\" recommendation was specifically for this plane and crew."
"When boarding United flight 919 from LHR to IAD on July 22 2014 I was mortified to be humiliated by a flight attendant because I could not reach the overhead bin to stow my carry on bag. The plane is large and I am 5'1 not tall enough to reach the bin. At 69 I also do not have strength to lift a bag over my head. Berating this to me she said if I could not put the bag in the bin myself then it would have to be checked. Other passengers were shocked at her response to my predicament and of course a kindly tall gentleman immediately put it in the bin for me. On departing the aircraft a tall woman who had heard the attendant earlier came over to take down the bag. The attendant's attitude and manner was very rude. I was in seat 27D for which I had to pay an extra $125. I have been flying across the Atlantic for 53 years. This was my first and hopefully last trip I'll make on United."
"Being from New Zealand I have to fly all the time just to get anywhere! Hence am used to flying all round the world multiple airlines. United Airlines are the worst airline I have flown and would not recommend them to any traveler. My Honolulu to Newark flight 2 days ago was cancelled. The reason? \"The plane didn't arrive\". No explanation. No food voucher (not that we were going to get fed on a 10 hr flight anyway). Grumpy ground staff who obviously had had no customer service training. Luckily got reconnected through Delta who were obliging helpful and got us into NYC with no problem. United's aircraft are old there staff are lazy and unhelpful and they are years behind European Asian and Pacific airlines in regards customer service. Star Alliance should dump them."
"My wife and I flew from San Diego to Paris France. On the return trip the video on the plane was inoperative and we flew 10 hours with no movies or sound. The second leg from Washington to San Diego had no video screens available on the plane and the power plug under our seat did not charge our electronic device so we could not watch a movie we had downloaded as we used up our battery on the previous flight from Paris. To top it off one of our bags didn't arrive with the rest of our luggage and hasn't turned up a day later. Needless to say the airlines should have compensated us for the lack of video service during an international flight. The missing luggage might turn up hopefully! The crew were excellent. Not their fault!"
"Nice seats smiling staff and cutting every corner in First Class on an ORD-FRA route. Four croutons on my salad and ordinary less costly meal choices. 2 mid-priced white wines offered and wasn't even offered a refill during the meal. Had to pay 16.95 USD for WiFi despite a 10000+ USD ticket. Crew has rules about bags on the floor on take-off (even underneath the pod in First Class) and requests we wear shoulder plus lap belts - unlike other airlines. Even check-in was below par no dedicated lines. Nice big seats and big meal portions but equal or less than many other airlines' business class at double the price."
"United has recently changed its airplane (routing from PVG-ORD) from a 777 with personalized on-board entertainment in economy to a \"new\" 747 was shared projection screens. Also they recently changed their US/Asia route to also require payment for alcoholic beverages for those not in business or first-class. Travelling from China to the US quite often the 13+ hour flight seems even longer now that I have no control over what I can watch and no free drinks to \"shorten\" the travel time. In addition to these new changes the United crew has always been less than pleasant. It seems that the passengers are an inconvenience and I have heard the crew yell at each other on more than one occasion. Given the above I have changed my frequent flier membership to another Star Alliance airline and avoid flying United at all costs. It's just not worth the pain when flying that far and that long."
"Ever since Continental merged with United it has been downhill. My flights are repeatedly delayed for various reasons but mainly due to technical issues because they have so many old planes still in service. On my most recent flight my flight was delayed for five hours. The plane did not show up for three hours due to 'weather grounding' which was totally false because the weather was fine in Houston even if there were thunderstorms it would not have grounded for three hours. Then we were boarded and the pilot mentioned they had technical issues. I still do not understand why they would board an entire plane before knowing if/how long it would take to repair everyone sat in the plane for two hours until they were finally able to fix and take off. We were told to contact United for 'compensation' due to the trouble and I was offered $50 (only because I have status otherwise it would have been $25) due to our inconvenience. Apparently a new policy just instituted to give you even less because in the past for something similar I received $100 and $150. They do not even care anymore about customer service so I am moving onto another airline."
"We booked a flight from SFO to LAX on United and a separate flight from LAX to Europe. Layover in LAX was supposed to be 5 hours - but rather safe than sorry is what I thought - and sorry we were to be: Upon entering the aircraft doors closed we were informed of a minor delay due to traffic restrictions. A while later a technical problem was added to the mix and they promised to keep us informed. It kept going on like this for a while until about two hours later we were released from the plane and tried to get on the next flight. After a total of three hours the ticketing agent kindly re-booked us on a Delta flight to LAX. We landed just in time to possibly make it on our next plane but the surprise was that our baggage was still on the original plane. So we had to wait even longer in LAX re-book the flight till next day find a hotel and so on. I asked UA ground crew if they could offer assistance with any of it hoping my star alliance gold card might come in handy. It certainly did not. The essence of this trip is: You are most welcome as a client as long as you pay and shut up!"
"This is the second time I have flown United. The first time was without incident. Great trip just lots of stops. This time however the plane I was getting on in Albany was late arriving and thus we were late taking off. This resulted in our flight arriving in Newark too late to catch the connection flight. Not only was I now delayed a day but I was told by the airline that I would likely have to travel to LaGuardia by bus or taxi but they would not cover the cost. This is insane. Also the airline did not seem to have any thought of giving a discount. I purchased a service and the service was not provided. In any other industry I would not pay for this. This will be the last time I travel with United. I will pay the extra money and take a more reliable airline."
"Nice seats smiling staff and cutting every corner in First Class on an ORD-FRA route. Four croutons on my salad and ordinary less costly meal choices. 2 mid-priced white wines offered and wasn't even offered a refill during the meal. Had to pay 16.95 USD for WiFi despite a 10000+ USD ticket. Crew has rules about bags on the floor on take-off (even underneath the pod in First Class) and requests we wear shoulder plus lap belts - unlike other airlines. Even check-in was below par no dedicated lines. Nice big seats and big meal portions but equal or less than many other airlines' business class at double the price."
"I am appalled with the way I was treated by this airline. My connecting flight was canceled and no other accommodations were made for an entire flight. When I was told that I would have to stay at the airport for 10 hours for the next available seat my only option was driving to my final destination. The staff had no answers to my questions. When I went to get my baggage I was told it would be about 2 hours before my 1 suitcase would be brought to the carousel. The woman at baggage claim did not follow through and my suitcase was sent to another airport. I had to drive to get my bag from the other airport. I received nothing but frustration for all of the airlines mistakes. Terrible start to my vacation and I will never book with United again."
"My worst flight was 2 weeks ago with United. My original flight was re-routed due to delays and not being able to make my connection. My re-routed trip had a connection which was delayed several times. Several passengers requested clarity to the problem and were given vague excuses and lied to several times. When the final flight was boarding I along with several others were denied boarding as the plane provided was not large enough to accommodate all reservations. I spent that night in the airport and flew to a different location the next day. The staff were unprofessional and created nothing but frustration and anger for many passengers. The planes were uncomfortable and I felt as if we were cattle being driven to our destination. I will never choose United again."
"I find that United ground crew in particular seem to delight in going out of their way to be surly (on a good day) or nasty (typically). We flew coach today but honestly it doesn't seem to make a difference. Continental was a great airline that was merged with a terrible one and since the merger we have tried to avoid United wherever possible. Old United equipment substandard IFE overall bad attitudes no matter which cabin you find yourself in. Flying United is an endurance marathon. If we fly up front I am annoyed that we spent money or miles for bad attitudes. When we fly in the back I am annoyed by horrible service inedible food (we bring our own now) and shabby cabins. It's time for the United brand to retire."
"I booked a \"direct\" flight from Berlin Germany to Newark NJ USA and instead of being direct once we got to the airport we were told the airplane would be stopping to fuel up in Maine (obviously not for our flight but for the one after ours). Furthermore having made this trip from Germany/USA several times with other various airlines in comparison United has old planes and less amenities. Lastly there was no way to request a special meal from their website I looked and looked but the meal option was continually grayed out and ended up having to call customer service - another inconvenience."
"We scheduled a flight from Dayton OH. to Boston with a connection going to Boston in Newark and another connection flying back with a connection in Chicago. Not once did we depart on-time. Newark was a disaster. We had our flight cancelled obtained a second flight but the customer service rep never suggested we try to get an earlier standby flight. Nobody called us from standby until I questioned the boarding attendant minutes prior to takeoff but managed to get onto the plane only to sit on the runway for over an hour because of a backup radio malfunction which ultimately caused the flight to be cancelled. After 7 hours we made it to Boston. Going home we arrived in Chicago and again on United's commuter connection we had another 2 hour wait while something on the plane was fixed. Service was poor especially in Newark where there were two hundred people waiting at customer service to rebook and two reps staffing the computers talking on a phone and letting a plane load of customers wait. Bottom line is that I almost could have driven to Boston from my home in Ohio and not lost much time."
"I travelled business class from Taipei to Boston via San Francisco. The appetizer had unidentifiable meat on it that was so leathery I couldn't even chew it. The roll was as hard as a rock. The toddler in a seat near me made a lot of noise. I usually travel economy and tolerate all of this. When you pay for business class you shouldn't have to tolerate any of this. I arrived in San Francisco and there is a four hour delay on my flight to Boston due to an engine failure on the plane originating in Washington D.C. So I got on an earlier flight but have to travel economy class. I asked the agent to if she could help reimburse me for the difference between economy and business. She said I have to do it by myself online. Hassle after hassle after hassle."
"I was on a flight to San Francisco traveling via Washington D.C. All passengers boarded the plane and everything seemed normal. We didn't take off for a few minutes but I assumed that a few minutes delay was normal. The captain walked in next and announced that the \"tyre pressure was low\". After some conversation with the maintenance crew at the airport the captain announced that they will have to deplane us. My thoughts at that point were - why wasn't it looked at before the previous crew left the aircraft? Or afterwards? They kept intermittently announcing that the flight would take off now and then and so on. But eventually 6 hours after we first boarded the plane the flight was cancelled. The crew expressed helplessness - we can't blame them. The airline staff were also helpful in rebooking but it was a lesson - a significant one in my life and I'll certainly think a hundred times before choosing United again."
"Airline staff (only one) never smiled and I mean never smiled even when I was pleasant to them when purchasing drinks the stewardess couldn't find what we wanted we had to point them out to her and she made a comment after buying 3 drinks if we were going to \"buy the entire cart\" and she wasn't being funny. We had to ask one of them could they collect trash after eating and he grunted and went off to get a bag and when we said thanks he just glared at us. We felt like cattle first you eat then you buy drinks and then don't annoy us. It was a long night from Newark to Belfast and was very glad to get off that flight."
"I was booked on another flight after my original flight was cancelled due to Hurricane Arthur. I decided to check- in for this flight as I would have to get up at 5am to catch it. At 7pm when I went to check in online I found out that my flight had again been cancelled (couldn't blame the weather - reason given was no crew) and I was re- scheduled for a flight at 1.30pm. There was no email sent to me nor was I contacted to be informed of this change less than 10 hours before my flight. When my flight 5876 was cancelled on 3 Jul 14 there were 2 staff members to re-schedule over 50 people - it takes about 45 minutes for the staff to re-schedule each person. How come United could not find more staff - this was known there would be cancellations predictable that flights would be cancelled. Overall a pretty shabby performance from United. Now again today they cancelled my flight - also did not inform me at all - I found out by accident by looking at their website. This was the only flight cancelled going to Harrisburg PA. Flights cancelled 3 times in the last 3 weeks and no-one told me. They have all my contact information and send me my boarding passes and tickets but won't tell me when a flight is cancelled."
"I was on my way to Houston at McAllen airport and for almost 12 hours they kept postponing the flight every 30-90 minutes until finally cancelling one of the flights after about 6 hours but letting us know that we could go on a flight that again was postponed several times for about 5 hours until they finally cancelled the flight. Bottom line they kept me in a small airport from almost 9am until 9pm and then no flight. I've heard similar problems with this airline. Seems the service offered by this airline has declined tremendously since the merger (Continental + United). Very unreliable and I definitely try to avoid using this airline at least until there is significant improvement in service."
"This week will be the last time I fly United Airlines. I made the mistake of doing a status match program after having Delta status for years simply because I thought that there was better options for flights into my business territory Canada. Today is the final straw in what has been a nightmarish year of unavoidable layovers constant delays cancelled flights and the worst customer service experience possible. I had a flight to Halifax scheduled today. I get to Newark airport for my 2 hour layover and see that my flight is leaving from Concourse A which has no lounge or other comfortable place to get work done. I take the dingy bus to Concourse B/C to use the lounge. While in the lounge I wasted a good hour trying to get Internet to work. I went to the front desk and reported that the Wifi was very slow. The lady behind the desk said that no one else had reported this then went on talking about her vacation pay hours remaining with another United employee. When I arrived in the lounge initially I asked while checking in if they were announcing all flights and was told yes. I did also hear them announce many flights but there was never an announcement for mine. I realized it was 7.05 and my flight left at 7.30. I raced to the bus to Concourse A by the time I arrived at Gate A20 was told that I would not be going to Halifax. I went to the customer care line where I stood for over 5 minutes while 2 agents ignored me. I sat there for almost 10 minutes while she typed away without saying a word to me. Finally she started telling me there was a flight from Houston tomorrow but no seats on it. I heard a passenger next to me say something about a flight to Moncton and asked the agent next to me if there was a flight to Moncton tonight. I asked the staff member to look into the Moncton flight and without saying a word she got up and walked away. Finally got onto the Moncton flight which left 40 minutes late. Again no apologies for the inconvenience to us passengers who foolishly chose to spend our money with United."
"Recently flew business class with United from Narita to IAD. For my $13000 r-t ticket I got the narrowest business class seat I've ever been in. They squeeze 8 across in their 777s including 4 abreast in the center aisle. Basically an unfriendly cabin staff that showed little initiative in anticipating customer needs and were inflexible and downright rude in enforcing cabin protocol (use of first class rest rooms when business class facilities were wait listed even though the only people in first class were the second pilot and co-pilot). Food was mediocre and served with little flair."
"Would not recommend anyone use this airline. Cancelled our flight and did not get booked until the following day. Lines were long in Kansas City had 2 people working. The facilities are old or not functioning. Worst travel experience ever!"
"On 10 July Flight 4857 was delayed 2 hours awaiting incoming aircraft. On 13 July Flight 4856 was delayed 3 hours due to mechanical on inbound then further delayed for unknown reasons. Connection in Dulles was missed and later flights to Colorado Springs were unavailable. Attempts to rebook into Denver were unsuccessful as they were also delayed multiple times into early AM hours. Travel from Dulles to Colorado Springs was rebooked for 14 July on Flight 6349. That flight was delayed and subsequently cancelled. Travel was rebooked on Flight 1694 to Csprings via Denver though downgraded from business class to economy. That flight was delayed due to crew issues so the Denver COS connection was missed as well. Travel was rebooked on 6259 which arrived in CSprings on 14 July at 10:.56pm. The gate people were very helpful but the system was unresponsive and they were basically victims as well. Having been loyal United customers for 30 years this sort of thing has become the norm over the last few years predictably unpredictable. They have lost our business."
"On July 1 2014 my family and I were traveling to the Cayman Islands flight was cancelled 1 hr prior to our departure time due to bad weather in Houston. They tried to reschedule our flight for two days later we could not go two days later we had to return to work in a certain amount of time. Once we were on a flight that day the flight attendant reported to us that there was no bad weather and had no idea why our flight was cancelled. We were then sent to Houston airport where they got us on a flight to fly into Miami where our next flight could not leave until the next morning so we spent the night on the floor at the Miami airport. The experience to our destination was horrible flying United and their express flights. Once we were returning home on United they did not tell us we did not have to pay for our luggage again and let us pay again Once again the flight was unpleasant. Once we arrived into Houston our flight home was delayed again the experience with United Airlines was horrible and the flight attendants were very unfriendly. I will never fly United again."
"Like many people I flew United because of the great service I used to receive when Continental was still around. After the merger United seems to actually try to become the worst airline in United States history! On my last 4 trips United was responsible for 6 flights. Out of the 6 5 had major issues. The first trip had two legs. The first flight was delayed 1.5 hrs because the pilots couldn't show up on time. That caused me to miss my connecting flight by 3 minutes. Because the connecting flight was missed they booked me on the next flight (after an hour wait in the Customer Service line at O'Hare). Well the next flight was delayed nearly 3 hours - 1.5 of which was on the tarmac! On the return trip I checked in to my LAX-ORD flight only to find out my seat had been canceled. After arguing with the ticket counter agent that I indeed paid to be on the flight they finally called their reservations department. They in turn told me that I cancelled the flight. After more arguing they finally conceded that my seat may have been \"accidentally canceled\" by the ORD customer service. Finally on my last connection from ORD-ATW I sat around for over 5 hours because the aircraft that was supposed to take the route was late coming in. Really? It's Chicago O'Hare airport United's biggest hub! They couldn't pull another ERJ-145 into service? I could have driven to ATW and back (probably should have) in the amount of time I waited for the delayed aircraft. Despite having been a loyal Continental customer for over a decade I will not be flying United again in my lifetime."
"Flew from SLC to DFW with my two toddlers. Our first flight from SLC-Houston was delayed about 40 minutes which gave me 20 minutes to get on my flight in Houston to DFW. I gate checked my stroller so I could use it to get from one flight to the next. After our flight I waited for the stroller and it never came. A baggage worker approached me and told me that he couldn't bring my stroller up because it had a white tag when it needed the pink tag. I told him that I needed to get to a flight that was leaving in 20 minutes. He was nice and offered to get the stroller onto my next flight. I trusted he would and ran to our next flight dragging my two screaming kids with me. We barely made it before it took off. When we landed in DFW I again waited at the gate for my stroller. It never came. I again dragged my two toddlers across the airport to baggage claim. The stroller still wasn't there. I eventually found the stroller without anyone's help. I will not fly United again."
"I flew several internal US flights with my family May 2014. I was hugely disappointed with the quality of seating and the service. United is absolutely a cheap airline operating cattle trucks in the sky. The cabins are rammed full with very little space the seating is dreadful the customer service a joke and the mighty dollar king. I am only surprised the toilets were not charged for. The baggage handling was terrible. It is truly amazing that this airline has gone so far downhill."
"MUC-EWR in Economy Plus. The EC cabin was probably less than half full which made things more comfortable but that didn't seem to affect the overall poor service. Most flight attendants perfunctory with their work (with one exception) and attitudes were poor. Food given to us as if we were a million-man army and the quality continues to decline. Few water runs. On the upside the movie selection was excellent but I have never seen a worse cabin crew ever."
"Our flight from Anchorage was to depart around 8.35 or so but delayed 2 hours due to electrical issues. Repairs made and flight was smooth and safe. But this put many people into flux because of missed connections. Houston airport was a total mess with people milling around and scrambling for standby options. We had a package of frozen fish we did not care to lose. We would approach the podiums for standby only to be advised the flight was already overbooked. On top of that many flights did not have a crew on the ground and had to await arrival on yet another messed up flight. I feel for the employees. Some were very nice and helpful but many but totally burned out and fighting with each other. This is a nasty situation and I encourage another airline at the moment."
"On the way to our destination they wouldn't accommodate my family (5) since we missed our connecting flight due to a delay on their part. It took us over 24 hours to reach the east coast which normally takes 6 hours flying. On the way back they gave away my paid for ticket that I purchased 2 months in advanced to someone who bought it 2 hours before. They re-booked me on the same flight with my family and only to find out once I boarded it was double booked. They also misplaced our luggage and left it in Newark New Jersey when we live in California."
"Our United flight DCA-ORD (direct) was cancelled and finally we arrived to Chicago 12 hours later flying via New York. Very bad information from staff. Only 4 days later another United flight from Chicago to Frankfurt was delayed more than 2 hours and we lose our flight connection to Barcelona. Entertainment and service on board was very poor. We've flown with many airlines from five continents and United is the worst in service. We cannot recommend this airline."
"Flight 63 July 4 2014. We had a full coach with no functioning bathrooms! I found out from one of the FA's that the flight came to Madrid from Washington with the forward bathroom already broken and the service crew didn't bother to fix it. Mid flight the second bathroom got irreparably jammed because of over use and lack of water. Of the last one soon followed. What sort of management runs a company like that. United will soon have the reputation that Aeroflot had back in the eighties. We will never travel with United again and that after twenty years of loyalty."
"I am a Premier Silver member on United. I am on the verge of switching airlines for future travel due to the horrible experience I'm having. I used miles to book a ticket from Sao Paulo to Chicago. They cancelled the flight (UAL 844) on July 1 (apparently weather in Chicago) again (UAL 844) on July 2 and automatically rebooked me on a flight on July 4 with a connection through Washington D.C. There has been zero communication from United except for an automatic rebooking email. Hundreds of travelers are now stranded at a Holiday Inn on the outskirts of Sao Paulo Brazil. I will be stranded in Sao Paulo for four extra days! I consistently attain Premier Silver status and always defend United when other customers complain of how bad an airline it is. Since I fly out of Chicago O'Hare I know I have other options in terms of airlines. I do not even know if I will make it out on July 4. The hotel we are at has provided no information to any of the customers in terms of what is the next step. As United increases capacity to try to build revenue they need to not forget about what matters the most: the customer. If this is not resolved to my satisfaction I will be taking my business to American Airlines (or elsewhere)."
"United's poor handling of airline operations and poor customer service led to two cancelled flights and nine hour in the airport on June 30 (ending on July 1 at 3.30am) for my originally scheduled flight #518 from Chicago ORD to Portland OR (PDX). After arriving 3 hours late into ORD on a flight from Munich because of an unscheduled stop in Boston to change pilots I arrived to find flight #518 from ORD to PDX delayed because of a maintenance issue. After three delays two gate changes and three hours the flight was cancelled. I was reassigned to Flight #627 scheduled to depart at 8.25pm. If my original flight had left on time I would have missed the weather delay that started at about 7pm and lasted for an hour or so. The weather delay did mess things up and flights were diverted to wait for the weather to pass. Our incoming plane was diverted to Rockford IL for a ground stop and then never made it to Chicago. We had 7 official delays several noted only after the original delay deadline had passed and then the delay was only another 30 to 45 minutes so not much time to go get food etc. We had 3 gate changes during the process the last of which brought us back to the gate where our plane for Flight #518 was still sitting still with its mechanical problems. Our inbound aircraft never made it no alternative aircraft could be brought to the gate even though there was an alternate aircraft available and the flight crew timed out at just before 2am when they cancelled the flight. They offered a hotel voucher but the closest hotel was 20 miles away. After 26 hours travelling the last nine being at ORD I left for a hotel I had to pay for an hour away in downtown Chicago. Very poor customer service."
"Worst travel experience ever. Travelling with two young kids not given seats together on flights from YVR to IAH and IAH to Tampa even after calling Customer Service before the flight. Flight to IAH was late resulting in missing connection to Tampa. Had to stay in IAH for 6 hours with two kids and Customer Service did not appear to care or want to help. UA has the worst customer service and do not listen to their customers."
"I switched from Southwest airlines 5-6 years ago. Logged around 180K miles since joining Continental/United. A while back I used most of my balance of miles to reward myself with a trip to Vegas for me and my wife. First Class there and coach back. Purchased at least a month in advance checked in the day before received tickets with our seat assignments while checking our bags. So far so good. At the gate they informed us that United overbooked First Class-still plenty of seats on plane-just overbooked First Class-not sure how you do that-since the odds of \"no shows\" happening with FC seats has to be rare. I understand overbooking the plane but not a section. We were told since we did not purchase the tickets with money we were the lucky losers. Someone gave up their seat which put my wife in first class and me in the back. Five years of loyalty resulted in a final reward of getting split up to start our vacation. The image of my wife crying at the gate will forever remind me of how United rewards their customers."
"United Flight San Fran to Sydney due to depart at 10.20pm July 1st. Late away from the gates. Over 2 hours on the runway - a disruptive passenger means we have to return to the gate so that she can be removed by police. We are then told that we are not allowed to depart at all that evening and have to get off the plane. Went to customer service with all 350 other people. Queue to get a hotel voucher and new tickets for 25 hours later. Queue to get the shuttle. Finally in a hotel in the middle of nowhere at 3am. 25 hours of my life gone - disgraceful communication from United. Passenger was already behaving badly in the airport bar before departure."
"I have been flying UAL for nearly 30 years now but I increasingly find them to be worse and worse. I have written to them twice now to protest their terrible baggage policies that encourage people to game the system and bring large heavy luggage to the gate so that they can get it on for free rather than paying for checking. This means long delays and dangerous conditions on board as people try to lift bags that are too heavy for them over the heads of other passengers putting them in danger. Indeed this last flight I took a direct hit on my head from a passenger's backpack that was too heavy for her. No attendant came to see if I was safe and uninjured. Attendants told me they could not announce that passengers should be careful of other passengers when loading luggage because it would be a \"deviation from the script\" and get them in trouble. This is no longer an airline that I can say puts the client first."
"My family and I flew United from Austin TX to Portland ME on June 30th. Or at least we tried to fly into Portland. We boarded our flight in Austin and arrived to Chicago with no problems. In Chicago we boarded our connecting flight but were told we were going to have to sit on the runway for a while because of the thunderstorms going on. About 30 minutes later we had to deplane for our safety. When we got off the plane we discovered numerous flights had been canceled due to weather. About 15 minutes later they got us back on the plane and told us we just had to fuel up and that they were going to get us to Portland that night. So then we waited out the weather for 6 hours and finally it was clear enough to take off at midnight. However one of the flight attendants timed out right when we were about to push back from the gate at midnight so they canceled it and told us to go wait in the customer service line to rebook. The line stretched over 10 gates and wasn't really helping any customers. Called customer service instead and was told there were no flights from Chicago to Portland until 3 days later and the best they could do for us was fly us to Hartford Connecticut - a 4 hour drive from Portland. Told our luggage would be sent to our destination Portland and would be waiting for us once we drove there. When we finally arrived in Portland at 6pm 24 hours after we were supposed to 3/4 bags hadn't even arrived. They have lost my family as customers."
"In the last month I and my family have flown United four times. Three of the four flights were unmitigated disasters causing terrible disruptions in our plans and incredible inconvenience. To make matters worse it seems as if United is totally focused on the passenger bearing all the downside to their poor execution. We got off a cancelled flight in Chicago ay 12.30 am and were greeted with nothing more than a toll free number to call for help. Not only the most pathetic customer service I've seen for an airline but the worst service I can recall for any business I've been associated with. I will fly United from now on only as a last resort."
"Flew UA1453 on June 29 2014 from Dulles to Seattle. Worst experience ever. Took 90 minutes to check bags. Flight left 3 hours late. Had to board twice. They had to reassign seats for four different families with little kids because they didn't get seated together when issued tickets. Had to unload because they had a flat tyre. Apparently they don't check things like that before loading planes. Watched Laurel and Hardy change the tyres. Missed my connecting flight in Seattle (of course)."
"Flight from New Orleans LA to Houston Texas delayed multiple times due to weather. Frequent gate changes plus delays required interaction with agents required to arrange connecting flights. 3 times waited in line for over an hour. One agent actually yelled at us about \"why didn't we all just call the reservations line?\" Which of course we were all trying to do but could not get through. I ended up spending the night at the Houston airport. I asked United personnel if I could get a blanket and pillow and was told they did not have any. However the next morning on another Untied concourse there were at least a dozen people on cots - with pillows and blankets! I also was unable to get anything to eat or drink as all of the businesses in the airport seemed to close at 10pm and we arrived at ~ 10.03. I am diabetic and have MS (had not eaten since 9am) and was unable to get any United personnel to help me out with this matter. I remain appalled at the lack of customer service and professionalism of United's staff."
"June 25 2014 - flight delayed in Norfolk Virginia due to high winds at our destination. Not enough personnel to assist travelers at the counter. Computers were not operable. Attendant repeatedly assured us we were next in line but continued to help other people. After a 45 min wait another attendant arrived and made every effort to help but it was too late. Spent night at airport since local hotels were booked. Passengers were given a blanket and told to look for a place to sleep. Airport was extremely cold and loud music played all night. Witnessed the treatment from a United Supervisor towards a passenger at the Customer service counter - rude! Prior to this ordeal we attempted to change flight one day earlier but refused to pay the $200 - $300 per ticket. This was our second experience with United and were told that since they were purchased/merged with Continental the customer service has declined. Will try to avoid flying with them until this is corrected."
"The trip from Little Rock to Moline was fairly uneventful except for a delay due to weather in Chicago. That is understandable. However the return trip from Moline to Little Rock was a complete disaster! Our flight from Moline to Chicago was delayed for crew time-out. Really? Our flight had been scheduled for over 2 months. Surely that is enough time to prepare for an available crew. Naturally even though we ran as fast as we could not easy for 60+ year old people we missed our connecting flight. Then we spent another 2 hours waiting in line to find another airline. Not allowed to mention lost luggage. Horrible experience."
"I flew San Francisco to Hong Kong and the old 747-400 didn't even have a good entertainment system. The audio outlets on the seats did not work the food was horrible! Alcoholic drinks are not free. On top of the $2000 USD fare that I am paying to fly economy I still have to pay $6 dollars for a beer. On top of that since I was coming from Bogota via Houston then to San Francisco when I arrived into Hong Kong my bag was not there! On my way back from Hong Kong to Newark and then to Bogota I happened to have the last row and the seats do not recline. On top of that I get to Bogota and my luggage was not there again."
"June 27th 2014 - I usually avoid United because I have very rarely had a flight that wasn't delayed or cancelled outright with little to no notice. Today was no exception with a delay causing over a 90 minute delay. Nearly 25% of the other passengers on this flight were unable to get to connecting flights with this delay and were summarily told to pound salt when asked what United could/would do for them. Myself being only minorly inconvenienced could only hang my head in sympathy for passengers who would inevitably be left in Chicago O'Hare (also with it's share of issues) but when other passengers began comparing experiences on United they all agreed that this was relatively common regardless of destination. I cannot recommend United to anyone and suggest they actively avoid using this airline unless they absolutely don't need to get to their destination on time. Avoid using United Airlines unless you don't care about being on time or even arriving the same scheduled day. The fares are a poor bait and switch tactic and I would be surprised if the FAA does not step in soon."
"Flew UA 319 Global First last night connecting from Austrian Airlines and was looking forward to experiencing UA's Global First on their three class 777 as I rarely ever fly UA. Horrible experience. Started with denying us access to the Global First Lounge as we were on Aeroplan miles even though their website says flying in Global First grants access to the lounge. They sent us three rail stops away to the Lufthansa Business Lounge so we could shower after the 10 hour+ flight from Vienna. The Gate Area was a mess with over 300 people crammed into a small area lining up like cattle in divided rows for 1 2 3 4 5 and 6 lanes - worse then Southwest. The plane came in late. We had to move to another Gate Area from C12 to D3 for another aircraft. The second Gate Area was larger. After a 1 hour and 38 minute delay we took off. Despite only 8 seats in Global First they don't get to board first. You must wait in Lane 1. Seems like an odd policy. The seats and cabin are very nice no complaints. The video/audio choices extensive except the screen is a little small compared to other carriers. For a transcon the drink/meal service stunk. The flight attendants were pleasant but UA offers no menus no champagne a tiny nut dish of peanuts and almonds limited food choices (chicken or pasta) all served at once on a plastic tray. The quality of food was poor. The sundae was very nice. Now I understand why United is having such a difficult time. They need to check out what other US carriers are doing."
"Flew UA 319 Global First last night connecting from Austrian Airlines and was looking forward to experiencing UA's Global First on their three class 777 as I rarely ever fly UA. Horrible experience. Started with denying us access to the Global First Lounge as we were on Aeroplan miles even though their website says flying in Global First grants access to the lounge. They sent us three rail stops away to the Lufthansa Business Lounge so we could shower after the 10 hour+ flight from Vienna. The Gate Area was a mess with over 300 people crammed into a small area lining up like cattle in divided rows for 1 2 3 4 5 and 6 lanes - worse then Southwest. The plane came in late. We had to move to another Gate Area from C12 to D3 for another aircraft. The second Gate Area was larger. After a 1 hour and 38 minute delay we took off. Despite only 8 seats in Global First they don't get to board first. You must wait in Lane 1. Seems like an odd policy. The seats and cabin are very nice no complaints. The video/audio choices extensive except the screen is a little small compared to other carriers. For a transcon the drink/meal service stunk. The flight attendants were pleasant but UA offers no menus no champagne a tiny nut dish of peanuts and almonds limited food choices (chicken or pasta) all served at once on a plastic tray. The quality of food was poor. The sundae was very nice. Now I understand why United is having such a difficult time. They need to check out what other US carriers are doing."
"Flew from Hong Kong to San Fran and around the US in late May. I am not a fussy flyer at all and can usually go to sleep easily. I am also an Aussie meaning I am used to the 'service' Qantas provides. However after my experience with United I am going to go easy on Qantas. I'll start my review with - \"wow\". It actually takes more effort than less to be as terrible as United. From the no entertainment system on-board (standard I'm told on a 12 hour flight) terrible food (I live in Asia and I know what bad food is) multiple gate changes (5 in total in 1 hour) and 2 hour delay (no apology). Then there was the possibly the rudest individuals I've ever met posing as flight attendants. I am not sure who employed these folk or why on earth they decided to work in the service industry but they were not only dismissive cold and patronising towards guests they actually made the whole flight a tense and uncomfortable environment. In summary I don't understand UA's play. They act like a low’ cost airline. I say 'low low' because the majority of low cost airlines play in the mid tier now. As a national carrier I don't understand this. They can't beat Southwest so you'd think service would be a priority. Manners are free last time I checked. Once again it takes more effort to be that terrible then it would to provide a half decent service. They are too many alternatives to put yourself through a UA experience. The most interesting part of this is all they have to do is look at Qantas and others who behaved like this in the late 90s and ended up losing half of their market share and have been struggling since. Your people are your business."
"We have flown with a number of other airlines both internationally and domestic and flying United was a nightmare. Weather is out of everyone's control but management of the overall system is a disaster and not equipped on the front line to deal with flight problems. We normally fly in and out of MSP but United ORD on the surface offered better options for connections to and from Toronto. The problems in Chicago from what information we managed to get (mostly from other passengers both on our flight and other flights) were they did not know where aircraft crews were where the planes were coming and going or what gate (we were moved 3 times-one of which was on the opposite end of the terminal). We have had less delays and problems flying out of MSP in brutal winter weather. They make no announcements and changes are not posted timely and if you can't get an audience with very limited counter agents you find out your flight has been cancelled when the boarding time has come and gone. We witnessed that time and again. We were rebooked on the same flight 24 hours later-and as expected no luggage when we arrived-the tracking showed the time and place it was checked in more than 24 hours earlier at ORD-no progress up the chain in over 24 hours. I honestly feel for the counter people who have to deal with the chaos and irate passengers with little information and resources to fix problems-no wonder they may be less than friendly at times. I do believe there are huge and unnecessary internal problems with this airline (or airport) because we have flown from coast to coast foreign countries and very bad weather with other airlines (and airports) that managed to deal with flight problems in a more efficient and passenger friendly manner. Who cares about the free soda with no ice - it would appear United-ORD has much much bigger problems."
"My flight out from SFO was overbooked by 4 and there were some \"hold your breath\" moments until 4 people decided to give up their tickets and take an alternate flight. I had a connecting flight in Denver to Lincoln Nebraska. Fortunately I had a 3 hour layover in Denver which gave me plenty of time to walk from one end of the airport to the other for a connecting flight and believe me when I say it is a long haul. If anyone has a short time span to get to a connecting flight I suggest they arrange for a cart. Passenger space on United is cramped. I sat beside a big guy and had to lean well over into the aisle in order for both of us to be able to sit in the side by side seats. My return from Lincoln to SFO was a nightmare. I arrived in Lincoln got my boarding pass and when I looked at the pass and compared the time on it to the departure time listed on the board I noticed that departure was at least one hour later - which meant that I would miss my connecting flight in Denver. When I pointed this out to someone in the airport departure gate area they told me to get on the red phone to see if an alternate connection could be arranged. Once the plane finally arrived and I boarded there was still a good possibility that I would miss my revised connecting flight in Denver. I got on one of the cars that transport passengers from one gate to another arrived 15 minutes before the connecting flight was scheduled to depart and found that it also had arrived late and was just disembarking. This of course delayed the scheduled departure time of that flight. Finally to my relief I boarded the flight from Denver to SFO only to sit on tarmac for over an hour due to lightning thunder and rain. You pay for selecting seats you pay for luggage you pay for snacks and for the flight but you are packed into an exceptionally small seating space in which you cannot even fully put your tray down comfortably. Passengers should be treated better even if they fly economy."
"20 June 2014. Was booked on flight KOD72G Denver to Chicago for business. Like all my previous experiences flying on United not only does the flight board beyond the stated time we pull out of the gate 40 minutes late only to be told while sitting on the runway that we are going to be held 30 minutes in our position. It's bad enough that the seats are extremely small now we're delayed over 1 hour total which causes issues with our connections. These constant delays and poor service from the airline is unacceptable."
"Frequent traveler with United and other airlines. United has declining service reduced food reduced beverages at United Club frequent delays Service is mixed. Seems like constant crisis at the gates. Avoid them. Latest trip was DCA to ORD. Flight was delayed."
"Flew from Hong Kong to San Fran and around the US in late May. I am not a fussy flyer at all and can usually go to sleep easily. I am also an Aussie meaning I am used to the 'service' Qantas provides. However after my experience with United I am going to go easy on Qantas. I'll start my review with - \"wow\". It actually takes more effort than less to be as terrible as United. From the no entertainment system on-board (standard I'm told on a 12 hour flight) terrible food (I live in Asia and I know what bad food is) multiple gate changes (5 in total in 1 hour) and 2 hour delay (no apology). Then there was the possibly the rudest individuals I've ever met posing as flight attendants. They were not only dismissive cold and patronising towards guests they actually made the whole flight a tense and uncomfortable environment. In summary I don't understand UA's play. They act like a‘low cost airline. Your people are your business."
"In a recent long-haul flight (UA871) SFO-TPE business class again ran out of the Asian meal option. This occurred in 4 out of my 5 recent transpacific flights. The purser came and apologized. She said United loaded only four such meals into a business class that seats 44 passengers! With a destination that is Taipei it's astounding that United didn't bother to prepare more Asian food options. It seems to never happen when I fly Asiana Cathay Singapore or Lufthansa. It happens only on United. Is United hedging on meals to save money? And what is this 2-4-2 business class configuration? It's pretty bad given that for the same fare one can fly in a much more spacious environment on competing airlines. I wish United would dismantle these terrible seats."
"DEN to ORD on a new (or with a new interior) A-320 and was very disappointed. UA has removed the entertainment system on this new plane both audio and video so if you like listening to \"From the Cockpit\" you are out of luck. Not everyone is always traveling with a laptop so on long flights the absence of entertainment will be very noticeable. The top of the slimline seat in front of me felt like it was right in front of my face and the new skinny armrests were very short and uncomfortable. The A-320 used to be my favorite plane on UA but if this is a sign of things to come it won't be any longer."
"Sheer incompetence to deal with cancellations. First they do not communicate them. Secondly the staff are rude and never apologizes for the inconvenience caused. Thirdly they are unable to get you onto other flights in a timely manner. How is my experience? I haven't been able to start my trip yet. A 48 hour delay so far. Two trips to the airport. Two hours on the phone. And six hours waiting in line to get a new flight plus two more to get the luggage that had already been checked in. I am trying to go on a vacation of seven days that has already been reduced to five after having paid over $3000. I am a seasoned air traveler and have had many flights cancelled in my life. But I have never come across such incompetence and rudeness. Never again."
"Travelled with United on 6 flights from 23/05/2014-08/06/2014 Heathrow to Las Vegas to Hawaii and back. On the 6 flights we were only fed two meals from Heathrow to Houston and Washington to Heathrow. We queried this with the customer services and were told in Washington that they do supply food on interior (domestic) flights shame we were not informed of this before we flew with them. We changed our flight from Newark New York when we arrived at Heathrow at the start of our holiday because they asked us if we would obviously New York was overbooked which resulted in us missing our connection to Las Vegas. They were unhelpful at Houston and put us on Standby. We thought the cabin crew were scruffy unhelpful and lazy. I asked for a small bottle of water to be told that they did not have enough so could not give me one. They did serve enough drinks on the flights so what were they doing. I will never fly with them again."
"We took a business class flight from London Heathrow to Houston Bush round trip. On the flight to Houston the video screen at my seat my wife's seat and several other seats did not work at all. The flight crew tried to fix it but couldn't. They promised to have someone contact us for some credit. Never heard from them. On the return flight the seat would not recline the movies continuously skipped there was no music available and the food was awful. Flight crew tried to fix it. No luck. Flying BA from now on."
"Very poor quality service. Lack of in seat entertainment on 5 hour flights even in Business class is simply unacceptable in this day and age. I was also refused access to a lounge on an international business class seat because my son in a wheelchair was flying economy on a school trip. Basic customer service would have seen the airline allow us to enter the lounge."
"Why is it that United is the only airline that cancelled a flight from Denver to Omaha due to weather but all the other airlines going to and from Denver only delayed? Of course because we are having poor weather they can blame it on the weather which means as a customer we cannot recoup anything from them and we have to then wait until a pm flight when we are scheduled on the first flight out of OMA. I wonder how many times this airplane has been cancelled in the last couple of weeks it sounds as if this airlines has an issue with mechanical problems and only wants to bandaid the problem. I am all for a company making money but not at the expense of the customers who are paying their bills!"
"I travel all the time for business and booked on United for cost reasons I was flying last-minute from LGA to MSP. I was scheduled to depart at 6pm from NY change planes in Chicago with an hour layover time and land in Minneapolis by 9.30pm. Departing flight was listed \"on time\". 5.45 boarding still had not begun - asked the gate attendant when we would be boarding since I had a connector. He informed me that they were about to delay the flight indefinitely. After advice from customer service that my original flight is unlikely to take off in time for me to make any connection in Chicago I am rebooked on a flight scheduled to depart an hour later - 7pm. However this means I will miss my O'Hare connection so that is also rebooked to a 10pm CDT flight. 7pm flight boards on time. Around the time of boarding the originally-scheduled 6pm flight also starts the boarding process. Chaos at the 7pm flight's gate as multiple irate businessmen who had changed out of their 6pm first- class seats for a time-saving economy seat on the 7pm scramble to articulate their outrage and get rebooked on the now-departing earlier flight. At 7.10pm the 7pm flight is finally loaded - and completely full. It's sweltering hot and ripe with body odor and very very dimly lit. 7.20pm: still hot still smelly still dark. Flight attendants are trying their best to be accommodating. The plane finally acquires a couple of pilots 45 minutes after scheduled departure. At this point I am getting nervous that I may miss my re-booked connector as well in which case I will either have to overnight in Chicago or drive the 6.5 hours to St. Paul. The plane touches down in Chicago only a little bit late despite the delay in take-off. Stopped on the runway in the middle of taxi - stops for at least 20 minutes. Flight attendant makes an attempt to ask passengers to remain seated so those with tight connectors can deplane first. His plea is denied immediately by the scores of tired and angry people who flood the corridor before the plane has even reached the gate. Fighting through 35 rows of people I manage to deplane with 10 minutes to spare before boarding call for the connection. Arrive sweaty and out of breath at the gate just as my phone brings up a text from United: flight is delayed until 10.30 because the plane hasn't arrived. The gate attendant changes the sign to read 10.45 instead. Once 1035 hits she updates it once more - to 10.51. In short she assures there is no possible way I will arrive before midnight (CDT). I will never be taking United again."
"Flying EWR-NRT with Flight UA 79. Boeing 777. Punishing 14-hr flight in cramped seating condition. Everything about this plane is run down from seating to carpeting. Food is terrible and served in plastic tray covered with ripped aluminium foils. Breads are served out of bundles of plastic bags instead of bread baskets. What are we in jail? Ridiculous!"
"We took a business class flight from London Heathrow to Houston Bush round trip. On the flight to Houston the video screen at my seat my wife's seat and several other seats did not work at all. The flight crew tried to fix it but couldn't. They promised to have someone contact us for some credit. Never heard from them. On the return flight the seat would not recline the movies continuously skipped there was no music available and the food was awful. Flight crew tried to fix it. No luck. Flying BA from now on."
"Very poor quality service. Lack of in seat entertainment on 5 hour flights even in Business class is simply unacceptable in this day and age. I was also refused access to a lounge on an international business class seat because my son in a wheelchair was flying economy on a school trip. Basic customer service would have seen the airline allow us to enter the lounge."
"Why is it that United is the only airline that cancelled a flight from Denver to Omaha due to weather but all the other airlines going to and from Denver only delayed? Of course because we are having poor weather they can blame it on the weather which means as a customer we cannot recoup anything from them and we have to then wait until a pm flight when we are scheduled on the first flight out of OMA. I wonder how many times this airplane has been cancelled in the last couple of weeks it sounds as if this airlines has an issue with mechanical problems and only wants to bandaid the problem. I am all for a company making money but not at the expense of the customers who are paying their bills!"
"We flew from SFO to FRA and returned from OSL to SFO on UA. The service for these international flights was good the cabin staff helpful and professional and the flights on time. The seats in cheap economy were extremely cramped and offer little hope of rest. The flight over had a large contingent of passengers from the Indian subcontinent who did not take the hint to settle down and rest when the crew turned down the lights and yakked the night away oblivious to requests to quiet down. Not UA's fault but they could have been a bit more pro- active to settle these people back into their seats for the long flight."
"What a shame a wonderful Airline like Air New Zealand code shares with United Airlines. After a wonderful flight with Air New Zealand from Australia we then flew business with United within the United States. The 6 hour flight between New York and Los Angeles was a nightmare. From the small old plane to the noise from where the stewards were working( they couldn't help the noise as the work area is so small). Not to mention the very small unclean toilet. None of United earphones seem to work (I now know why most people on the flight had their own). The whole flight was a nightmare. I will never fly United again or recommend them."
"This has been the worst travel experience I have had. My original flight was cancelled I was not informed of this until I arrived at the airport. This should be standard protocol to notify passengers that the flight is cancelled. On top of that the customer service is atrocious. As I was reasonably upset and asking customer service to find me another flight she tells me that the next flight to my destination is boarding now but you cannot get on it. They put me on a connecting flight to Chicago 4 hours later. 4 hours later all Chicago flights were delayed another 2 hours. Meanwhile flights are boarding all around me. I strongly advise you to stay as far away as possible from United."
"Leaving Newark yesterday the gate agent announced that \"all overhead bin room was full\" as boarding group 4 (out of 5) was beginning to board. They forced gate check of all carry-on bags for all the remaining passengers. On boarding there were tons of open overhead bins with room remaining including one right at my seat! Many people complained - the kind cabin steward explained that \"sometimes they just start gate checking toward the end because the bins are usually full at that point\". My bag was taken right outside the airplane door - the agent could have actually asked the first class cabin steward ten feet away if their walkie-talkies don't work. They added 30 minutes delay at the destination waiting for luggage unnecessarily for all those people? Why are advertising that we are allowed \"one carry-on bag and one personal item\" and flying planes that do not have enough space for them? On my last United flight they made me check my carry-on bag because it didn't easily slide into their sizer though it would have with a push and would easily fit overhead. United has adopted a new policy and attitude about baggage that is Draconian - they should be ashamed. I will not fly United even though they have the only non-stop flights to my most frequent destination."
"Quebec City to Newark on a regional jet. When I checked in at the airport I was told the flight was delayed 2.5 hours due to Newark traffic problems. There is no Star Alliance lounge at the airport. Listening to podcasts on my computer I heard a boarding call after only a one hour delay. After boarding the plane the captain said he was expected a smooth flight. The fasten seatbelt sign was never turned off during the smooth flight which makes one wonder if they ever turn off the fasten seatbelt sign on this flight. Customs and Immigration were done in Newark unlike other Canadian airports."
"My family and I flew United to Mexico for a wedding. We were scheduled to return to the United States on Monday 5/9/2014. Our scheduled flight was delayed 3.5 hours due to weather in Texas. This was understandable. The rest of this journey was not. In Mexico we were switched from our connecting flight due to the scheduled departure time. The flight we were switched to departed prior to our arrival at the Houston Airport. My family along with several others in our same situation then attempted to obtain another flight. The United personnel at the Houston Airport were very rude and not at all helpful. We spent over 16 hours in the airport with no blankets pillows or cots. I will never again fly United. The delays were one thing but the attitude of the employees was completely unacceptable."
"F class KOA-LAX. A warm crew was the bright spot in an extremely inferior product. Small tray with all courses at the same time followed by a cookie in a paper bag. For a 5 hour flight this is ridiculous. Hawaii routes are served with the oldest run down aircraft. Leg room is adequate but entertainment option is pathetic. For first class Hawaiian is the only way to go. United is just sad."
"My family and I flew United to Mexico for a wedding. We were scheduled to return to the United States on Monday 5/9/2014. Our scheduled flight was delayed 3.5 hours due to weather in Texas. This was understandable. The rest of this journey was not. In Mexico we were switched from our connecting flight due to the scheduled departure time. The flight we were switched to departed prior to our arrival at the Houston Airport. My family along with several others in our same situation then attempted to obtain another flight. The United personnel at the Houston Airport were very rude and not at all helpful. We spent over 16 hours in the airport with no blankets pillows or cots. I will never again fly United. The delays were one thing but the attitude of the employees was completely unacceptable."
"The relatively short commute between Durango CO and Cleveland OH was the worst trip I have experienced. I have never had any trip since the inception of Denver International Airport that has gone without an aircraft maintenance problem. This recent trip held me hostage on a small aircraft and at the airport for 8 hours. I have never seen such an appalling record of mechanical breakdowns as I've seen with aircraft at Denver's airport. Both the departure and return trips were plagued with mechanical problems. The return trip was on board an aircraft meant for short duration flights of less than 1 hour and was used for a trip spanning over 3 hours. When we were supposed to circle the airport for a short period of time we had to divert to Cheyenne WY to refuel. The plane was too small to carry the necessary amount of fuel. As a result I missed my connection and waited 7 hours before taking off to my final destination. On the outbound trip we had to return to DIA due to a mechanical failure of an engine. We had already flown 45 minutes and instead of landing in an airport we were close to we had to fly back 45 minutes wait for another plane and take off in the middle of the night. We landed at 12.45 am. I have flown from different cities (Manhattan KS and Albuquerque NM) to Alaska three times and not once did I experience any problems with aircraft. The main difference was that none of these trips included United Airlines and Denver International Airport."
"First flight was cancelled never got any notification that our flight was rescheduled for the following day. Got to the airport they representatives re re-routing the flights were not nice at all. I couldn't believe that there was no discount or free bag check offered. I will never fly united again worst customer service. We were suppose to be in Vegas by 3pm that day. We did not arrive until 3am the next day."
"This was my first and hopefully last time on a US airline. The short 45 minute flight from Dubai to Doha was an ordeal. Draconian security for this flight only terrible old plane unkempt rude flight staff a 2 hour delay with no apologies. Some Americans might rate United Airlines highly maybe because they are used to the generally low quality of most if not all airlines in the United States but for someone used to the superior services of Qatar Emirates Etihad etc this proved to be a really bad experience."
"Horrible experience. I made the mistake of booking United for the short 40 minute trip from Doha to Dubai (United has a daily Washington DC-Doha-Dubai flight). Security at Doha airport for this particular flight was exhausting with United staff fingerprinting passengers taking off shoes etc as if we were going to the US instead of just Dubai. The plane was a tired creaky old B-777. Flight attendants whose average age was nearly 60 were grumpy and rude. Only a stale bagel was served. Definitely one of the worst flight experiences I had ever to endure."
"BOS and MCI and again from BOS to YYT. Overall a below average - average airline. Gate staff and flight attendants can be surly but occasionally a helpful and attentive one can be found. I generally will not fly United unless they are significantly cheaper or have markedly better connections/flight times than everyone else."
"Horrible experience. I made the mistake of booking United for the short 40 minute trip from Doha to Dubai (United has a daily Washington DC-Doha-Dubai flight). Security at Doha airport for this particular flight was exhausting with United staff fingerprinting passengers taking off shoes etc as if we were going to the US instead of just Dubai. The plane was a tired creaky old B-777. Flight attendants whose average age was nearly 60 were grumpy and rude. Only a stale bagel was served. Definitely one of the worst flight experiences I had ever to endure."
"BOS and MCI and again from BOS to YYT. Overall a below average - average airline. Gate staff and flight attendants can be surly but occasionally a helpful and attentive one can be found. I generally will not fly United unless they are significantly cheaper or have markedly better connections/flight times than everyone else."
"LAX to Quebec City Canada. May 22 and 28 2014: What a nightmare full of delays and lack of updated information so I a 77 year old grandmother had to run from one end of an airport to the other to catch a plane sat in airports for many wasted precious travel hours. The movies on board were horrible choices. I hope to never need to fly United again in my life. And I have done a LOT of traveling."
"May 21 Denver to Los Angeles: The A320 was having mechanical problems which delayed departure by over an hour. Meantime a violent thunderstorm/tornado warning further delayed departure until we were 2.5 hours late leaving. Needless to say our connection to Hilo HI was way gone before we arrived. We were bumped from one customer service desk to another. The line at Gate 71 never moved for an hour. Children were tired and screaming while the customer service reps mumbled useless statements waited for phone returns and after an hour declared we had no hotel or meal compensation because DIA coded the departure as late due to \"weather\". If the plane had been ready at departure time there would have been no delay. The rude and helpless reception at Los Angeles resulted in several of us sleeping in the airport all night missing a full day of reserved vacation time a change in destination from Hilo to Kona a change in car rental arrangements and a long drive around the island instead of 30 miles as originally planned. The scene at the customer service desk was hellish and I was prepared to see any one of the passengers leap across the counter at the inept and uncaring mumbling representatives. I will never travel on United again."
"June 3 EWR-SFO Economy on a new 737-900. We departed two hours late due to a storm and flight crew distributed water and was generally helpful and good humored. These planes offer standard economy seating not as comfortable as other planes United flies. Bathrooms are extremely tiny and cramped. As opposed to a wide variety of seatback entertainment on UA's 757s from JFK to California this new 737-900 offer no entertainment options at all a major disappointment on such a long flight. These planes may be perfect for a 1-2 hour trip but not for a transcontinental journey."
"London LHR - Newark EWR. Boeing 757-200 quite old and it was visible everywhere as cabin looked shabby. Cabin crew ok but limited their service to distributing food collecting trays and that's it. Small portions paid alcoholic drinks torn inflight magazine. Nothing special there are much better options on this route."
"Six hour delay from San Antonio to Houston. I could have driven there and back. The flight crew and gate staff were so rude! No recompense whatsoever. Not even an apology to the over two hundred passengers. My first time to fly with United and my last."
"1st class UA 926 LHR-EWR in 3 cabin 767. Check in with Biz class pax long line. Indifferent contract staff were clueless regarding arrival facilities at EWR. Ditto for gate agents. Flight attendant told me to check with transfer desk at EWR after clearing customs. Transfer agent told me that there were no arrival facilities unless continuing on with UA. Huh at a UA hub for 1st class? I noticed that meal served in 1st was the same as in Biz albeit with better china. Altogether a thoroughly mediocre experience for a huge premium price. There are many better ways to cross the pond - especially those of us needing to freshen up for post arrival meetings."
"ORD-AMS on a clapped out Boeing 767 which showed its age. The worst experience on this flight were the cabin crew. The most unfriendly lazy rude and uninterested crew I have ever flown with. Shouting at passengers to close the overhead lockers refusing to close these themselves. This is one of their safety duties! The service was slow no peanuts/snacks with the drinks. Dinner was awful cold by the time I was served and totally inadequate for a 7 hr flight. Beer/wine are for sale only and when I asked for a soft drink they offered water only! A second request for a soft drink was rudely refused. Inflight entertainment was terrible small screens and all channels started without any announcement so by the time you wanted to watch anything films were already running for 30 mins. I am a Star alliance Gold member and have flown more than most people but this flight was by far the worst I have ever experienced. No more United for me!"
"I booked a 5 day weekend from Thursday to Tuesday. My flight was cancelled while I was on my way to the Airport. I had to pay for a taxi to and from the airport and return the next day at 4am for a 6am flight. My original flight was a 2 hour direct flight from Newark to Atlanta but the rescheduled flight had a layover in Chicago. I arrived in Atlanta at 12pm. I could have leave with that but I could not believe that my return flight was cancelled and this time without a notice. I only found out because I couldn't print my boarding pass. I was rescheduled on a flight to LaGuardia and because the agent did not completed the booking I missed the flight and had to be put on another flight 3 hours later. I got to the airport at 5.45pm and did not take off until 10.53pm for a 2 hour flight. I am still waiting for an explanation for cancelling both flights."
"May 17th from Toronto to Cancun with a connection in Houston. The plane had a mechanical problem half way to Houston and had to land in Memphis. More than 100 people were asked to stay at Memphis airport and wait for another plane to come. We waited for 7 hours from 1.30 to 8.30. The airport staff first said that the plane would come at 7.30 and later announced that it would be one hour late. All stores in Memphis airport closed around 6.30 and we were all starving. United did at least bring some food for us in this situation. We missed our connecting flight and had to call our hotel and pick-up shuttle to explain the situation. We eventually arrived at Houston around 11pm. There were only 2 people at Houston to help the customers arrange hotels and airport shuttles and they worked extremely inefficiently since they didn't seem to know what to do. In the end it took them 3 hours to get everyone arranged. Up to this point I am totally disappointed with United Airline. I'd rather pay a little more to get a better service. This is my first time flying with United and shall be the last."
"Long story short they kept finding reasons to delay and cancel my flights and those of the people around me. It was chaos and passengers all around were complaining of their own horror stories with United. I spent the night in a Chicago airport (admittedly a large part of my nightmare was O'Hare airport) and no one who worked there for United seemed to care that I needed a flight out because they were so overwhelmed with the number of flights that were canceled and people that needed to be rebooked. They didn't give me a hotel room because the problem was due to \"weather\" but that was simply not true. They told us on the plane that we boarded that we needed to go back to the airport because the crew had overworked their permitted number of hours and they had no other crew to replace them with. I told them I would literally take any flight that would get me out of that city and the flight I did get was canceled within a few hours of booking it. I went back to customer service and I felt like I was a bother to them for simply needing a way out of there to avoid sleeping on their floors again. It was like it was normal for them to have upset customers and the people like me who didn't give them a hard time were more likely to messed about."
"BOS-IAH. I was traveling with my family for holiday from BOS-LAX via IAH. My son is severely allergic to nuts and we always carry Epipen with us. We informed United customer service agent in advance about the allergy they made a note in system and advised us to inform the crew on board. When we informed about the allergy to crew on board flight 488 they told us they can't make announcement about nut allergy due to change in policy and could not able to help us. Finally some of the passengers around us helped to request everyone about the allergy. The second leg of Journey (Flight 1121) crew told us they will make a courtesy announcement. After take off they did announce in so low volume that no one really could hear anything. More than 3 million people in the United States report being allergic to peanuts tree nuts or both. I would like to warn those people in advance about the United Nut Policy."
"All week long flying with our three year old we have preboarded the planes. Well upon boarding a flight that need I say arrived two hours late with United we were told to get in the back of the line with her as they have voided the children board first policy as of this weekend. He was rude about telling us and made it embarrassing as if we were doing something so wrong we were doing what we are used to doing not to mention we didn't just try to be the very first we actually got in line up 2 just because we weren't in any hurry to board. After all we all leave at the same time right? After waiting almost 4 hours at the airport with a toddler because of a delayed flight that's not how to really brighten someone's day and treat them. Maybe if you want to change a policy like that again and be butts about it at the gate be sure everyone is aware of your new stupid rule!"
"After having a confirmed reservation to Buenos Aires in first class for three months before the flight for which I used miles - I'm a million mile plus flyer - I was bumped from first class and sent back to row 30 (on a 767) because United had oversold the flight and other passengers had paid more money for their tickets (not used miles). The seats in economy are among the most uncomfortable I have ever experienced. The United staff - who were long time Continental employees - were very embarrassed and said it should never have happened. And of course it should not have. A deal should be a deal or the airline should warn people in advance that their accumulated miles which they tout as being very valuable are really not so valuable and can become worthless if the airline chooses. When I complained after the flight United's response was essentially \"too bad\"."
"This experience has been disgusting. I was flying from Newark NJ to London to grab a connecting flight to get to Dublin. The original flight was delayed 3 hours which wouldn't be so bad if someone would have properly advised us about the following connection. Due to the total lack of communication I proceeded to miss my connecting flight because United failed to give me the information I needed to make it on time. I will never fly with this airline again."
"Flew out of SFO an hour and a half late. Got to Houston only to find out my flight to Huntsville had been cancelled. I go to the \"customer service\" desk to be put on another flight. The only one she says is available is the 4 o clock flight the next day but I can get on standby for the 10:30 am flight. I ask her if I'll get reimbursed for the hotel room I'll have to get. She says United doesn't reimburse for weather and then tells me I won't be able to find a hotel room because there is a conference in Houston and there are no hotel rooms available but I can sleep in the airport. She also complains to me that everyone is taking it out on them and it's not fair. I proceed to tell her it's also not fair that my flight was cancelled and that they won't reimburse me for a hotel room or food or taxi fare. When I went back through security I was told I was not able to re-enter the airport because my flight wasn't until the next day. I ended up finding a hotel room and thanks to my mom calling travelocity I got on the 1030am flight. I ended up cancelling my flight back to SFO on United and booked it with American."
"I really was disappointed. Leaving Milwaukee no flight crew. One and a half hours late leaving stand in line for two hours to get connecting flight changed airplane waiting for me to board. This was leaving Milwaukee for Houston. Coming home leave Florida great. Get to Chicago no crew finally board plane wrong crew and asked us to get off the plane. Wait for right crew to get there held up in Milwaukee. Get on plane 1.5 hours late taxi back to terminal plane over heating. Get this fixed so we have no air conditioning in plane sweat and over heat to go to Milwaukee. What is the problem. Don't think I ever want to fly United again if this is the normal procedure."
"Seattle-San Francisco/San Francisco-Sydney-Perth. The departure staff were some of the rudest uncooperative staff we have had to deal with. Having stood in \"row 5\" to board and submitting our boarding passes we were told our hand luggage had to be put in the hold as the overhead lockers were full. This was very unsatisfactory as we were ticketed through to Perth. There was no checking of legal size of cabin bags. We saw many oversize bags go aboard including a musical instrument case at least 4 foot long. People putting their second piece in overheads instead of at their feet. If this was policed there would have been room for all legal sized bags. As we are aged 75 and 77 we had medicine required to be taken on the 27 hour journey. After removing medicine we allowed bags to be placed in hold. As the plane was about to leave gate we realized our passports were in our hand luggage. On approaching the head stewardess and the captain and explaining we would be unable to leave USA until passports were returned. Only through the captains orders our hand luggage was unloaded and brought up to the cabin. Full marks to the captain he placed one bag in the cockpit and the head stewardess rearranged some other bags for the second one. This delayed departure by 15 minutes due to the incompetent staff at boarding gate not listening to where we were going. San Francisco to Sydney was poor service poor food no drinks unless you purchased them. Qantas flight Sydney to Perth only a 4 hour flight and free drinks with meal and the offer of second one ."
"Flew a 747-400 from Chicago to Hong Kong. The economy seats were horrible. They were extremely small. The seats were so bad I stood for over 5 hours during the flight."
"Completely unreasonable and unwilling to help customers. Do not take United if you want any kind of decent customer service friendliness of staff or bearable trip. The woman behind the counter at check in seemed to feel a need to give me attitude for no apparent reason. Even at a small airport like in Ithaca NY United was unable to accommodate me."
"Would never fly with United Airlines again we boarded the plane back from Florida to Newark to fly on to the UK to be greeted by miserable crew. This continued the whole of the flight. Anything asked of them seemed too much trouble food was awful and was practically thrown at us. Seating was so uncomfortable cramped together but the worst part was as we were coming into land at Newark the pilot overshot the runway had to pull back up very fast and circle to try again it all happened so fast - it was so scary but not one of the crew checked on any of us passengers one lady got up to be sick in the toilet - all we had was a female cabin crew shouting for her to get out of the toilet and sit down. A child around 9 yrs of age was beside himself but still no one came to check on us. We got down safely the second time after being told they were moving to another runway. But even after the plane got down safely not one of the crew came to see if anyone needed any help. The passengers are supposed to come first but in this instance none of us were. Wouldnt recommend this airline to anyone and will never fly with them again."
"MKE-ORD-SFO and back. The first flight was delayed so we missed connection. Our connection was supposed to be a nice 777 but we missed it. Thankfully they said our flight was delayed because of maintenance problems so they gave a hotel and food vouchers. Slept at a nice hotel at ORD. Because of the low price for they tried to put us on a non direct fight for Washington and then to SFO. We finally got scheduled for a flight at 8:30. the airplane was okay. It was an old 757-200 with no entertainment systems or stuff. When we arrived at SFO it was midday and we still had time to explore the city."
"Had to fly United as it was the only one flying in at out at the times I needed. Flight from DEN-YXE was delayed twice on the way out. Then flying from YXE-DEN we sat in a small hot plane sweating for over an 1.5 hours after landing because Customs wasn't open for business yet and we weren't allowed off the plane. It is a daily flight so they should know when customs opens? Transfer from DEN-EUG had no gate until 2 hours prior which changed 2 times missed the flight because the last change was 20 minutes prior. Next flight out was 10 hours later. Unless you are person that likes sitting in Airports for days and enjoys wasting time and money this airline is an extreme last resort!"
"San Diego to Moline via Chicago O'Hare. When we landed in Chicago I received a text message from United Airlines that our connecting flight was canceled. They rescheduled us for 14 hours later! We live 2 1/2 hours away so we rented a car and drove. Our reimbursement was 1/4 the cost didn't even cover the car rental. No other mode of transportation was offered neither was a compensation for food or hotel if we had chose to stay and wait the 14 hours. This apparently happens very often. No excuse but they don't have a problem stealing your money and not giving anything in return. This company should not be allowed to run their business this way. I will never book a flight with United Airlines again."
"This was the worst travel experience I have had. I travel frequently for work and for leisure but this time I am unable to do either. I was scheduled to take off from LAX connect in ORD and then push on to ROC. Halfway through my first flight we were dropped down in Denver due to a closing at the ORD airport. They de-boarded re-boarded de-boarded re-boarded then de-boarded again. We were there for an excess of 4 hours standing in excessive lines awaiting information about connecting flights and possible re-bookings. It seemed like all the United agents were hiding! I was finally cleared to take off for Chicago and put on standby for 2 later flights to ROC. We were stalled on the runway at ORD and arrived at the gate very late. When I went to find my next flight it had been moved. No notification was sent to me but the agent ensured that it was boarding at another gate. I arrived at the new gate stood in line for 15 minutes to find out that all those flights were canceled. When I expressed my concern about missing work the next day I was barrated by the agent as he walked away from the desk and left me standing there without an answer. Thankfully I was automatically re booked for the next day but not given any accommodation. I stood in a customer service line for 2.5 hours to discuss accommodations with an agent. When I finally got to the front of the line I was told it was due to weather and I would not be accommodated. I told the agent that it wasn't weather that it was an excessively delayed flight that caused me to miss my connecting flights. He then handed me a bag of toiletries and suggested I find a hotel on my own and ushered me aside. By the time I walked away from the line it was 12:00 am and every hotel I called was booked. I am now sitting awaiting my flight to ROC and it too has been moved from gate to gate without proper notification. I was told to watch the monitors until my flight takes off. I also just found out that my flight will be delayed again. I now understand why United is suffering; their customer service is the worst I have ever encountered. I don't recommend ever flying with this company. Rates are reasonable but it is most certainly not worth the hassle."
"United airline is a terrible airline for overseas travels. I flew Chicago to Frankfort. Crew were rude and unhelpful. Somebody was seating in my seat and crew didn't support me when I asked her to go back to her seat. I reserved a seat at the time of booking and they sold me the same seat for extra $100! In a 12 hr flight there is no free alcoholic beverage no socks toothbrush or toothpaste. I strongly recommend never fly with united especially for overseas."
"United airline is a terrible airline for overseas travels. I flew Chicago to Frankfort. Crew were rude and unhelpful. Somebody was seating in my seat and crew didn't support me when I asked her to go back to her seat. I reserved a seat at the time of booking and they sold me the same seat for extra $100! In a 12 hr flight there is no free alcoholic beverage no socks toothbrush or toothpaste. I strongly recommend never fly with united especially for overseas."
"It seems to have become the norm for United Express to not announce any delays until everyone is checked in. Then the announcements come every half hour increasing the wait time. Our flight from Halifax to Newark was to depart at 1.10 pm and eventually left after 5pm. Our return flight was to leave at 8.38 pm and left after midnight. Never ever again."
"I wish I would have read the reviews for United before letting the travel agency book me on one of their flights. Twice we took off from Denver and both times we were re-routed back. The only information we got was a two second message from the pilot that we were going back. We were completely on our own to find out what we were supposed to do. None of the United employees were at all helpful and are very disengaged at this airport and it seems like you are bothering them if you ask a question. After standing in the customer service line to re-book I was told no flights for two days. The customer service lady did seem to care and spent half an hour looking for alternatives. I heard all sorts of people complaining about this airline and our shuttle driver said she hears about them all the time."
"Recently flew several long international flights with United from Chicago to Tokyo and back. For a 12 hour flight there was no inflight entertainment no seatback TV and they not charge money for drinks. I would argue that United is well below the average. The flight attendants do the bare minimum and nothing more. I will not fly on United again."
"EWR-ZRH. Traveled with baby staff very inattentive and almost ignored our requests even as simple as asking for some water (to make baby food). When water was brought this was done with no empathy and not asking if there was something else they could do. Any question was first met by unfriendly looks. United's ground service at EWR was a catastrophe. There are electronic check-in counters about 20 with max. 3 staff to put the luggage onto the conveyor belt or to help if something can't be done through the user's interface the computer tells you to 'wait for staff to help you' we waited for more than 20 minutes."
"My husband and I recently returned from a trip using United Airlines. We arrived at our international destination 12 hours later than the original arrival time. Since that was mainly due to weather I can't blame United. On the way home though we had a terrible experience. Our final flight from Houston to Fayetteville was supposed to board at 6.45pm but they kept delaying it around every half hour until finally at midnight they canceled the flight entirely. There were no more flights going out that night and the next day's flights to our destination were completely booked. We were given vouchers for a hotel which we got to at 2.30am and vouchers for food for the next day at the airport. We had to book a flight to Tulsa where our family had to drive a long way to pick us up. This plane was also delayed for an hour for no apparent reason. Upon reaching Tulsa we discovered our luggage had been separated and my bag was sent to our original destination while my husband's stayed back in Houston airport. We had to drive to Fayetteville airport to pick up my bag. The next day we had to drive back to Fayetteville to pick up my husband's bag. Definitely the last time we will ever fly with United."
"Flew to Chicago on Friday flight was delayed 6 hours. When it came time to return home I received an email that my flight was cancelled. I talked to a United rep she told me an identical flight was leaving at the same time as my cancelled flight so she would book me on that one. Turns out she misinformed me there was no such flight. I got to the airport found out she had booked me for a flight the following day so I had to rebook yet again. On my return flight the plane was delayed 2 hours. We all get on the plane and after taxi-ing for 45 minutes we received an announcement that we were going back to the gate. I had to spend the night in the airport. I will never fly United again."
"My husband booked our flight out of Gulfport MS to Las Vegas. The price was good but we were not allowed enough time between connecting flights. My husband is in a wheelchair and I appreciate the skycaps who managed to get us to the connecting flights although it almost killed me at 65 to have to get through the airport with our luggage. The biggest mishap was that when we arrived in Los Angeles from Las Vegas we were told there was no room for our carry on luggage so it was checked. My husband's bag went to Hawaii. After many days of talking to people on the phone who obviously have a problem understanding English we finally got his bag delivered. Flying United was very stressful for me and I would be very hesitant to fly United again. I think they need to do a better job of informing their customers of what to expect."
"Plane was supposed to take off at 1pm delayed to 3pm then finally to 7pm with no guarantee of no further delay. Now I am stuck in LAX waiting. All I got for the trouble caused by United Airline is a sorry from the representative and a $7 meal voucher - very good customer care indeed. Request to adjust seat told the plane is 100% full. Okay so I request to adjust seat in advance for my return flight now this is where it gets interesting: I was told by the desk representative that their \"system\" will not let her do so and was advised to use United Airline website to adjust seat myself the only problem is their website does not have the seat change option either. Overall I would not recommend anyone to take United Airline for their poor system setup and bad customer care."
"EWR-IND think United is canceling more flights than they are operating. If not canceled flights are most of the time significantly delayed. Ground staff are unfriendly and not willing to help. This is not an experience just on this flight it seems to be always like that. Comfort and service in the aircraft is lousy. Will try not to go with United in the future."
"Do not pay the extra cost for the comfort seats. That is the biggest scam that this airline has going. I have paid for comfort seats on KLM and WestJet and they were so worth it. This airline - expensive and the only thing you get is slightly more leg room. The same uncomfortable seat in all other ways. This airline has to have the worst service of all airlines in the G20 (sorry have not flown others). Terrible seats extra cost for luggage what food is available is awful and expensive and now you have to pay for inflight entertainment. On a recent flight to Hawaii at least they had the courtesy of telling us not to bother because the inflight entertainment did not work over the ocean anyway. I love to read but 6 hours straight is quite a reading marathon. I will pay extra costs for a flight rather than fly United."
"As a seasoned traveler I am constantly reminded what a disgrace United Airlines is to the Star Alliance. I've just completed a Star Alliance Round The World Business First trip on Thai Lufthansa Air Canada Air New Zealand and unfortunately one sector on United. Despite being Gold Elite status and paying $US15000 each for the fare United refused me entry to their lounge in MCO at 0615h - when it was almost totally empty. They seated my wife and I in 3B and 5F for the six hour flight to SFO despite being booked on the one ticket and pre- allocated 1A and 1B four months earlier! Are the traveling American public so accepting of sub-standard?"
"26 April 2014 Verona-Monaco. LH 434 26 April 2014 Monaco-Chicago. UA 8838 26 April 2014 Chicago-Madison. Superb Lufthansa service than you land in the USA and there is a long line at Passport control and no way to have an express service. I missed my connecting flight and what a surprise it was my fault and I had to pay for the hotel transport food etc."
"Nothing but delays right from the start. We flew Vancouver to Chicago then to Ireland. Everyone had to check in themselves and weren't given seat numbers until boarding so no sitting next to your family. Staff weren't friendly. Flight was an hour late departing. No organization at all at the airport. Would not use them again."
"My father and I had a reservation to fly from Boston to Sacramento. We had a connecting flight in Denver. Our flight leaving Boston was delayed 50 minutes our flight arrived in Denver at the exact time our connecting flight from Denver was leaving. United Airlines didn't hold the next plane just a few minutes and so 13 people on our plane missed the connecting flight. The next flight for Sacramento left the next morning so we went to customer service to have them reserve a hotel for us but they claimed that the error was not made by their airline and wouldn't pay for our hotel. Now we have to sit in an airport terminal all night. United Airlines is not a good airline and I won't be flying with them anymore."
"Nightmare with United last week. I had a 1st class ticket Miami-Chicago on UA and Chicago-Zurich-Brussels on Swiss 3 flights on one ticket. Connecting time in Chicago 3 hours and 25 minutes. Checked-in in Miami for my UA flight and Y flight was delayed several times. Finally the plane landed. Ready for boarding and then technical failure was announced. Staff did not know if and when the plane would leave. I explained my situation and asked to be rebooked on another airline any airline in order to leave Miami since I was supposed to have a knee surgery upon my return in Brussels. UA staff refused and were not polite at all. Finally at 8pm announcement that our flight was cancelled. I had spent nearly 7 hours at that airport. I was granted a room at the Holiday Inn airport which was fine and then food vouchers at the same hotel. In total 21 USD for lunch/dinner/breakfast. One thing is for sure never again United. I was rebooked on the day after Miami/Newark/Brussels on the day after first class domestic business class long-haul. Ok but far from the Swiss service standards."
"Outward journey on 30/3/2014 on flight UA 941 and inbound journey on 25/4/2014 on flight UA 17. We had a double cancellation of flights to and from LHR-EWR. Flight to LHR was cancelled but the reason remained unclear and the flight from EWR was cancelled after we were told there was a technical problem with the aircraft. Luckily they gave us hotel accommodation and taxi fares along with also breakfast and dinner vouchers. I would not recommend this airline to anyone. It caused lots of stress."
"I really don't know how to express my dissatisfaction with United. I buy business class and get dumped into economy. No explanation nothing. Trite meaningless apologies are given. That's it. On my return trip the flight attendants were not very attentive in business. Once beverages were served at the beginning of the flight they disappear for the rest of the flight. The dinner meal for a 5.5 hour flight in business is a joke. A small plate of antipasto? That's an appetizer. The customer care program definitely needs improvement. Non responsive and when they do respond they ignore my complaint but do dwell on how great United is and they sincerely hope my next flight will be a good experience. United advertising is good unfortunately they only talk the talk. United has yet to learn how to walk the talk. United just frustrates me to no end."
"Horrible service rude flight attendants check in process rude. The woman told us it was not her job to do the check-in for us when we had questions and the machine would not print or accept my credit card. We were left to our own devices and were just rudely told to hurry up as we were not the only customers there. Since we booked with Lufthansa and paid regular prices and not with a cheap aircraft carrier this behaviour was outrageous! After we finally got our prints (just flight confirmations not boarding cards) we were told we would get the boarding passes at the gate. After asking a couple of times we got our boarding passes just to be told during boarding our daughter could not be seated with us because we were sitting in an emergency exit and she had to sit 7 rows behind us. The cabin attendants were not very helpful and finally we got a nice couple to swap places with us."
"April 27 2014 OKC to YYZ my connecting flight was in EWR. When I arrived at Newark I learned that my connecting flight was cancelled. The reason for cancellation - bad weather in Toronto. I asked the staff member to find me a different flight the best he could come up with was a flight for the next day! I explained that this was unacceptable. I then asked if I did accept the flight for the next day would I be given a hotel room for the night his response was no because if the flight is cancelled due to weather then the airline is not at fault and does not have to provide a room. To put the cherry on top he would not look for other flights except for the one for the next day. His suggestion was that I researched possible routes home and come speak to him later when I found another flight that was more acceptable to me. I was at a loss. I managed to acquire a flight home that same afternoon to Toronto on Air Canada. What I want to know is how is the weather in Toronto can be a problem for United airlines but not a problem for every other airline in North America. I fly several times a year I will never fly with United Airlines again."
"I flew from BTV-EWR-DFW a few months ago and it was by far the worst experience. Outbound flight to EWR was delayed 1 hour 15 minutes. The connection in EWR was missed by about 3 minutes. The customer service agent was useless and also put the blame on myself for missing the connection. I waited about 5.5 hours in what has to have been the dingiest terminal in the US (Newark's C2 concourse) for the next flight to DFW which of course was delayed. Once boarded we sat at the gate for an additional 40 minutes without any communication from the crew. The pilot then informed us that \"it appears the people refuelling this thing put more in the right wing than they did in the left\". We waited yet another 20 minutes for him to come back and say \"to add insult to injury it appears that the APU is broken and it wouldn't be a good idea to fly without it.\" An hour has passed since we boarded and we finally pushed back. The inflight service was sub-par and only one beverage service was offered during the 3.5 hour flight. Overall an appalling experience on an airline that used to be enjoyable. Also if you're not flying international or a hub to hub expect a regional jet or prop plane."
"We flew out to San Francisco on Delta on April 27 2014 - a great flight even though we had a longer trip because of storms. The flight waited on us constantly during the long flight. On May 1 2014 we flew home on United 1278. The two stewards and one stewardess were terrible! Went up and down twice during our flight back to Atlanta. I was in a window seat and hey never spoke to me! The pilot did a good job - but did not speak loud enough."
"MSY-EWR-LIS with an open-jaw return from LHR-EWR-MSY. I must confess I tempted fate here as I didn't want to leave New Orleans too early on a Sunday so I opted for the afternoon flight that would connect in Newark with the overnight flight to Lisbon. It was a short connection window (59 minutes) but I decided to risk it. Big mistake. Once we landed - wouldn't you know it - no available gate. So we waited an additional 40 minutes on the tarmac and then another 10 at the gate waiting for someone to operate the jetway to dock with the plane. I sprint off the plane and we were the last two people on the Lisbon flight. As it turns out that flight was delayed about 25 minutes. Our luggage wasn't so fortunate. When we initially inquired upon arrival in Lisbon they said it had been sent to Frankfurt and that it would be arriving on a TAP Air flight from Frankfurt at 3.25 that afternoon after which it would be delivered to us at our hotel. We left Lisbon the next morning and checked at the airport to see where our luggage was. No idea they said - the last reported location of the bags was Frankfurt. Off we flew to Paris - without luggage. Arriving at Paris-Orly (where there is no United presence) the only help we got was from a French ground services attendant who was nice enough and took our information as to where we were staying (in Normandy) but could offer little else. We spent the next 3 nights in Normandy with no luggage and no one attempted to contact us about it. Four days later finally someone from United got a hold of us and told us our luggage had arrived at London Heathrow. Since that was our final night of the trip we just opted to pick it up at the airport the next morning upon check-in and change at the airport lest we go through the hassle of yet another botched bag delivery. Only when we arrived at LHR we were told that our bags were already sent ahead to Newark on an earlier BA flight. So here we were - at the conclusion of an 8-day trip with no luggage. At least we'd be able to collect our bags once we arrived back home in New Orleans. Our bags never made it from Newark that evening. They'd come the next day they said. Finally at 2 in the afternoon almost nine days after I'd checked in the bag I was reunited with it. In one generation United has gone from industry standard to mediocre to absolute lowest common denominator."
"Do not take United flight from Honolulu to Guam. The plane and configuration used is for domestic flights plus there is no inflight entertainment. I fly business first all the time with United. This flight was nearly 8 hours and it was like flying with a 3rd world airline. Food was terrible. An unbelievable experience for an airline that generally does very well."
"LHR-EWR: sat on tarmac at LHR for 3 hours before being informed the flight was cancelled due to a maintenance issue. United tried to re-book us on a flight 24 hours later and only after considerable effort did they find us seats on a (half empty) BA departure. EWR-HR: Flight was overbooked so without asking us we were \"upgraded\" to Ec. Plus. The net result of which was I lost my aisle seat for a middle. I would have preferred to stay in Ec but was not consulted before being moved. The check-in staff at both LHR and EWR are easily the rudest I have ever come across. Also United don't have on-demand entertainment (someone please tell them its 2014 not 2004) and the seats are uncomfortable and narrow. Unless there is a massive price premium please take my advice and fly with a different airline."
"Flight from Fort Lauderdale to St Johns with connecting flight in Newark. Left Fort Lauderdale late ran to connecting flight with less than 15 mins to spare flight ended up 4 hours delayed but was never updated online or any departure board. Connecting flight Eventually cancelled because of fog in Newfoundland all though other family members arrived home on Air Canada and Westjet without the fog being an issue. They did give us a toiletry bag to take back to hotel we paid for. No apology but was put on a 6 am flight following morning. Terrible service and flights with no entertainment or compensation."
"My wife our 10 month old and myself flew from Columbus Ohio to Richmond VA with a stop in Cleveland. Our plane was late getting into Columbus which made us late for our connection in Cleveland. The next available flight wasn't until 8pm that evening giving us a 9 hour layover in Cleveland and causing us to miss the wedding rehearsal dinner we had planned on attending that evening. However when we reached our destination nearly 10hrs from our original arrival time we found that our luggage was lost. We received the same explanation from customer service while our bags flew from Cleveland to Charlotte to who knows where. On our last evening in Richmond a few short hrs from our next departure time and at 2am in the morning the doorbell rang and our luggage appeared for which I then had to pay another $25 to get it back on the plane for our return trip to Columbus. Just when things couldn't get any worse the ticket attendant at Richmond airport told me that my wife and infant's son were on the same ticket and my wife wouldn't need her own to get through security. We stopped and grabbed some coffee said goodbye to our in laws and stood in line to get through security. Once we reached the front of the line the TSA agent told my wife she needed to return to the ticket counter in order to get her own boarding pass. Unbelievable. So we returned to the ticket counter where the attendant who originally issued us our boarding passes proceeded to tell me it was my fault and my wife's name was not showing up on the reservation. Then mysteriously she found her name and printed the correct boarding pass. Once we got through security and to the gate the gate attendant made a snide comment about being the last one's on the plane and charged us another $25 to gate check our carry on bag-the same bag we carried on for free 3 days earlier. I realize United might have slightly cheaper airline tickets but please do yourself a favor and spend an extra few bucks to fly in peace with all of your luggage. In the end our lost bags cost us an extra 200-300 hundred dollars anyway and the service we received in Richmond was absolutely terrible."
"I recently booked a flight to Denver from Kansas City trip cost was $376 avoiding other airports I wanted a one way flight to and fro. Price went to $925. Then while boarding the flight we have a prop plane. The seats were so narrow and of course no air-conditioning. The flight took an exceptionally long time back and forth from Kansas to Denver. I don't understand the United Airline Magazine says how their improving the flight for the customer. I think its time the execs take a flight cause your badly mistaken."
"March flights. We were a party of 6 and it was the first time flying United. We flew from Toronto connecting in Chicago and ending up in New Orleans. First they were an hour late taking off. The pilot said they were contracting out the baggage handling so they were slowly putting one bag at a time on the conveyor. As a result we missed the connection in Chicago. Then 3 (or 4 - I lost count) gate changes and delays. The we boarded then de-boarded. They didn't want to assign seats for 3 of our party even though I had bought and paid for the flights 11 months before they over-book and weren't sure 3 of us would make the flight. Finally arrived in New Orleans 6 hours later than scheduled. Of course we weren't seated together. Return flight - one of our party didn't get a seat at all. Had to take a later flight and all that entails."
"After a 20 min delay during the first part of our trip we arrived in Charlotte only to be told we had to race across the entirety of the airport in less that 15 mins (which would have been feasible if we had the full 35+ mins). We managed to reach the gate 6 mins prior to the 'last' boarding call but they had \"closed the doors for an early departure\" and refused to allow my wife and I onto the plane. They then directed us to go all the way back across the Airport to get lower quality and separate seats on a much later flight. They attempted no form of compensation or even an apology and acted as if it were our fault and that they were doing us a favor by 'allowing' us to get the terrible seats. The worst of it though is their claim to be both Military and Handicap friendly but they fail in both."
"Plane looked extremely old and worn. Food was poor even by airline standards. Inflight entertainment consistent of overhead screens with 80's image quality. Can't remember when I last sat in a plane with such prehistoric inflight entertainment. The worst were the stewardesses. Not all of them. But some of them were really unfriendly. The highest level of service that one older grumpy stewardess could muster during a 10 hour flight was to tell me that I had been standing at the back of the plane for too long (I was reading a book standing up couldn't bear sitting in the seat anymore) and I needed to sit down. Probably the least service-centred flight I ever experienced. United Airlines is an airline that I will use in the future only when I can't afford the alternatives."
"Flew from Okinawa Japan with final destination at D.C. Dulles (IAD) with stops at Narita (NRT)-Tokyo and Chicago O'Hare-ORD. Flight from Okinawa to Tokyo is always through ANA since United contracts them out to and from Tokyo to Okinawa. I then flew a 747 Economy Plus from NRT to ORD. Waste of money to upgrade to Economy Plus. A little more leg room and width but that is it. Food and drink service was the same (not much) so can't recommend this. No personal entertainment (was all on the big screen). Food was not good and seems to be deteriorating no longer do they give you any fruit or vegetables but just one course meal and that is it. I also noticed they now charge you for a beer or wine I think they just changed this as of January 2014? I paid an embarrassing $6 for a Heineken which I thought used to be included for Economy Plus? Service was just ok and nothing special. I then flew from ORD to IAD and again Economy Plus but waste of money. Seats felt tight and cramped and I noticed absolutely no under the seat room for bags or stretching out? Onboard departure was chaotic as people couldn't store their luggage in overhead bins."
"Flight on April 22 2014 was delayed and then cancelled. After sitting and being told the takeoff was being delayed 3x they finally cancelled the flight. Announcing casually that it was cancelled and everyone needed to go to Customer Service. No warning. No \"We are really sorry.\" No approaching the customer to help us out."
"I've had an awful experience both times I've flown with United. The first time all my flights were over booked and delayed. (Two flights there and back due to connections.) They gave us very little information about why and were extremely pushy when finally getting us to board the plane. We spent a long time sitting in the plane after being boarded with no explanation before we finally took off. They offered compensation to take a later flight but I had already been delayed for 2+ hours! On the more recent flight the flight was overbooked and I was unable to get on. There were no other flights out of YYC to SEA and I ended up having to cancel my trip. They have not been helpful when I tried to contact them. They told me they were transferring me to International Customer Service but I was just disconnected! I would not recommend United. Avoid them if you can!"
"I am sitting in First EWR-LHR so can't complain too much but I'm shocked at how a global first customer is treated. First I had to argue with the gate agent at the entrance to the global first/global services lobby who said I was not allowed in. I pointed out that I was flying global first 3 times and then demanded that we ask the people inside who said I was of course welcome. After heading into the lounge which at EWR is only a United club not first I went to the gate which was chaotic. They called global services group 1 and I came in behind the one GS person in group 1. I was actually pulled out of line and held back because they said only global services. I asked about global first and group 1 which was being called and was promptly told first class is very different from global services. I know now why I usually just take Lufthansa and connect through Germany for their grace and ease. It is amply clear that we million miler 1k fliers just aren't worth much at united. Why bother being loyal."
"I can honestly say this was the worst trip I have had in 20 years. Seat allocation is by far the worst especially if you are travelling with children. Chances of getting seats together are slim. My 11 year old wasn't even allocated a seat regardless how many times we tried online prior to flying and we booked last June. After a lot of stress got a seat but not together. They over book all flights and offer people compensation if they take another flight. Or offer you an upgrade to get all seats together as they tried with us for an extra££80 each. As someone said to us on the flight was that they are only after money. As regards to check in at Heathrow. What a mess. All electronic to get boarding passes. It was like a bun fight. United make a big thing about there new systems and app but have forgotten the most important thing. The customer. Luggage. Make sure each bag is under weight. As they don't take into account overall weight. Tried to charge us £150 for 1 bag over by 2 lbs. We transferred it to a lighter bag. As I said before only interested in the money. They could learn a thing or too from EasyJet as regards to seating. The food was good is the only positive experience. I would never use again."
"I fly with United because it is one the few alternatives to fly directly to Bogota. They do not respect the seat assignments. On 2 occasions they changed without explanation even though I had paid for economy plus set they sent me to the back I had to really fight to get one in economy plus. On a 5 hour international flight they give you nothing just a drink. No entertainment."
"I flew First Class on UA14 HNL-EWR. The plane was clean and the entertainment system was excellent. The food however was inedible. What they called \"chicken cacciatore\" was really a piece of cardboard. I have had better food in Coach on other airlines. Service on the flight was de minimus. The flight crew seemed only interested in finishing the pitiful dinner service as quickly as possible. Nobody flies for the food but United sets the bar for the worst food and catering in the industry. I thought Delta had poor food (which they do) but by comparison they look pretty good."
"As a long time Continental customer and I really am trying to like United but they sure make it difficult. This is supposed to be an American company but they outsource customer service to India and Philippines with poor service to us customers. My flight from Narita to Newark Liberty was on a 777 that needs repairs and a good cleaning. My seat controls weren't working properly and the lavatories were dirty. Absolutely no amenities in the lavatories. I asked the flight staff for some soap and she gave me her own bacteria spray! For the cost of a business class ticket on this international flight you would think that United would provide what is standard on other airlines. The food was mediocre and no longer worthy of a business first pricing. All my other flights to Asia and around Asia were with Asiana and Bangkok Air. Amazing trips and outstanding service staff and amenities. Of the Star Alliance group United seems to be the only airline in the group charging outrageous prices and giving the customers barely basic services. I know all our USA airlines are the same lousy service but it sure does embarrass us with the rest of the world and I envy their far superior airlines. I took several 45 minute flights on Bangkok Air and would you believe they provided box breakfast/lunch with soft drink on each flight at no extra charge. And served and cleaned up over 100 passengers within the 45 minutes. It takes that long to get one drink sometimes with United."
"Orange County-SFO Round Trip - April 2014. Be aware: paying extra for an Economy Plus gives you the privilege to board last (group 5). On a full plane it means that the overhead bins will be full when you embark and you will be deny boarding with your carry-ons. They will be checked at the gate of the aircraft. It happened to us on both legs of this trip even though our carry-ons were undersized and we had only one per person other than my wife's purse and my computer shoulder bag. But for our surcharge we had a free half glass of water served by stern attendants. What a bargain! Too bad Virgin America no longer flies out of SNA. I really miss them. Their service is light years ahead of United. And when you pay a premium for a Virgin seat you have real perks coming with it. Not bait and deceit."
"Most excruciating flight I have endured was the 757 UA flight from Newark to Oslo on 5 April. The seats in economy were sadistically cramped. The aisle was so narrow that the crew could not move their carts without repeatedly banging and bumping into passenger seats. United's utter contempt for its customers and its crews is all too evident in its creation of such a tortuous experience. United has finally jumped the shark in the cheap cheesy penny-pinching department. I can choose to fly another airline and believe me I will."
"This was our worst experience. United Airlines had already been the airline with the most customer complaints and proved to be true when we took a trip to Florida. On the way back our flight for 3pm had been delayed for 5pm and then was cancelled due to \"maintenance issues.\" We took another flight for 8pm and again was delayed to 9.30pm. We asked the lady at the counter and she said that the cabin crew wasn't prepared for travel so they delayed the flight. They are disorganized and I will never be flying United again."
"I have flown from Newark to Delhi or Mumbai multiple times. The routing works well for me as I can access EWR from Philadelphia easily with the Amtrak codeshare although since they require more than a 3 hour layover in EWR on the way back the codeshare is only useful outbound. I like the Economy Plus seating which is a plus for the long trip. Despite being at the top Premier level however I find that I never get upgraded to business class despite supposedly having \"System-wide upgrades\" available. In practice these can never be used on these flights in my experience and one has to pay extra to be \"eligible\" then does not get the upgrade anyway. I am trying to book a ticket now and even though 38/40 business class seats are empty they will not confirm the upgrade and from what one reads on the internet the only way to get it is to check again and again and again and perhaps you might get lucky when they have opened one. In general the \"free upgrade\" offer for international travel seems to be a scam. The economy plus seating is better than normal economy though although I'm not sure it compares favorably with other airlines' economy."
"London Heathrow-Chicago O'Hare UA0929. Chicago O’Hare Intl-Denver UA1014 29th May 2013. Denver-Rapid City UA4914. Rapid City-Chicago O’Hare UA4414. Chicago O’Hare-London Heathrow UK. UA0938 23rd June 2013. I cannot understand United are not upping their care for its customers. We flew with United on our last holiday and quite honestly never again. We have flown to many places around the world and United without any doubt are the worst airline I have used. The cabin crew are lazy and somewhat rude doing as little as they can. They could not even ask for the window blinds to be raised when coming in to land at London Heathrow. They did a standard talk when we were on the plane (with a special welcome to our premium and military customers). So quite obviously the economy passengers do not matter remembering of course that it is economy passengers that are the bulk of their customers."
"HNL to BKK. Aborted take off in HNL. Plane back to ramp sit inside plane for 5 hours. Problem could not be fixed mechanical. Flight cancelled. Told to disembark get out luggage at Arrivals and go to Departure area to rebook. This on a 747 with 350 plus people on it - all pulling their luggage about 1/2 mile to Departure area. Line up at departure area United to re-book - wait 7 hours to get to counter. Only 2 staff members to rebook the entire airplane. I was put on Delta the next day to NRT. Gave me $10 voucher for meals and over night free stay in Waikiki hotel. Cheapest meal at hotel was $18. Next AM Delta took off on time got me to TKO then transfer to United back to BKK. Never again with United!"
"I flew from DCA-EWR on Monday April 14. It was a mess United cancelled all of its flight out of DC without any reason. The weather was perfect my flight was suppose to be at 11.30am they cancelled it then I was put on the 4.30pm which was delayed and finally at 6.30pm they decided to cancel. They don't think of their passengers they don't respect their time this airline is really the worst airline I've ever flown. Would not recommend."
"We flew from LAX to Dublin Ireland. I will never fly United again. The plane looked old it was also dirty. The drink service took forever! I realized it was because when you order a soda they don't give you a cup of ice and the can anymore. No. They now open a can a pour some into the cup for you and then use the same can for the next passenger. I've never had an airline do this. Very cheap. The worst part was the food. I am a vegetarian. When I booked the flight and went online to request a vegetarian option the only option I saw was Indian food. I highly dislike Indian food so I thought this was odd. I called customer service to inquire about other vegetarian options. They have no satisfactory options for vegetarians. I told her I would stick with the regular meal instead my plan was to eat the sides. When the meal service came around they brought me the Indian vegan plate! I told them that I did not request this and asked for a regular meal. They said they did not have enough and maybe once they served everyone if there was an extra I could have it. I didn't eat on the way to Ireland. On the way back I had to make sure to bring food for me to eat on the plane. Both flights to and from were delayed by 2+ hours."
"I recently was on a United flight from DFW to ORD with my two small children (3 years and 10 months). After takeoff it became necessary for me to change my daughter's diaper. I pressed the flight attendant button and told the man that I needed to utilize the restroom with my daughter but since the lavatory was so small it was impossible to bring my 3 year old son with me. I asked if he could keep an eye on him just to ensure he stayed seated. I was told very tersely that this was not his job and he couldn't possibly do such a thing. I tried contacting United and got the following response \"The flight attendants are not required to assist with these type of activities it is strictly up to the flight attendants.\" If you offer no assistance for people traveling alone with multiple children perhaps you should make your customers aware of your flight attendants utter uselessness before they board a plane assuming they will be treated as valued customers."
"First time when we used united airlines international connecting flight in San Francisco we notice their system are very disorganised in their terminal no one to help and most staff are not helpful. On another experience coming back from LAX going back to Sydney the staff at check were the same - all unhelpful. All they did was stand and talk among themselves."
"United Airlines was a disaster to travel through and not worth the amount of stress they cause all of their passengers. I was on a 7 hour flight and they had all movies and shows on repeat. The staff were very unhelpful. My flight ended up getting cancelled and I got re-routed to a much longer flight pattern. There were others I could have taken but United were SO unhelpful that I didn't find out until after the flight. The people there have no idea what they're doing. I was a day late for an important meeting. I received nothing in return for the inconvenience."
"We were on the last leg of our trip at Denver Airport when out flight had been delayed 5 times. After the fifth time they changed out gate assignment and again the flight was delayed twice. After waiting until almost all other flights from the airport were gone for the night our flight was canceled. We were sent to customer service where things were even worse. Told we would have to stay in Denver until late the next day or even until 2 days from then. I was able to find flights the next day on many other airlines but they would not allow. We then decided to driver home from Denver Co to Madison WI (15 hours) with two young kids. The customer service lady gave us some vouchers for the food stores in the airport but the stores would not accept these vouchers. I will pay great amounts of money and drive hours to other airports to never use this airline again."
"United overbooked my flight. They asked me to take a later flight to Hawaii when I refused they changed my flight anyway which gave me a five hour wait at the SF airport. They offered nothing for this inconvenience and acted as if they were doing me a favor. This was my first and last trip on United."
"Very disappointed with my experience with United on Feb 2014. Had a first flight that was oversold we couldn't get on the plane. Had to be re-routed and got 3 flights instead of 2 originally scheduled to arrive at 9 pm instead of 4.30 pm to destination. We found out prior to our last flight that we had not been properly booked into the flight had to be changed to another flight again after an hour of waiting at the understaffed customer service desk. At destination now trying to confirm our seats for the return flight. It's been cancelled! We've tried to call customer service after a 20 minutes wait we're told that we need to be transferred to international flight dept. Another 20 minute wait. Another transfer. We ended up waiting 2hours. Very poor service."
"I recently flew First Class on United # 15 from Newark to Honolulu. This is a 10+ hour non stop flight. The plane leaves at 9:20 am in the morning. The 767-400 was recently updated with the new sleeper seats. The plane was clean and very comfortable. The entertainment system was excellent. The crew were efficient and nice. The really surprising disappointment was the food. A breakfast was served shortly after take-off but after that there was nothing except some doughy concoction that was served an hour before landing. The paucity of food and food service was stunning. Most other airlines serve Mai Tais on flights to Hawaii but not on United. I might as well have been on a flight to Cleveland. My advice to people traveling on United is to bring your own food even in First Class!"
"I was a loyal and frequent Continental flyer for a number of years. All airlines have problems and cause the passengers problems. Continental was not an exception. However I was generally pleased with the aircraft (the newest of fleets) and with service. I recall having been delayed at AUS on a trip to LHR via IAH with my wife. We arrived at IAH with only 3 minutes to spare. We were met with a cart and our passports were checked and tickets issued as we sped along. All that ended with the UAL merger. I got caught in FRA with the merger mess on \"the\" day and since then it has been a series of canceled and long delayed flights with missed connections and very old and ragged aircraft. Most recently I tried to fly AUS to LAX on a CRJ in First. The attendant grabbed my suit coat and started stuffing it in an overhead bin. I objected as I was to go straight into a meeting. Seems the closet had been removed for an additional rows of seats. We were delayed for de-icing then for a malfunctioning APU. Finally at the 2+ hour point we returned to the gate and I deplaned making an AA flight in time. I suspect this is my last UAL attempt. Too unreliable."
"Second time in 25 days connection return flight layover +3 hours plus delayed takeoff by 3 hours out of O'Hare. This time there wasn't even any weather issues. Also both trips had cancellations and overbooking. Why bother paying for poor service when I can actually drive home faster."
"I just returned from a flight from Chicago (ORD) to Tampa (TPA) for spring break. I made a reservation that was non-stop both to Florida and returning home. I'm handicapped and was traveling with my 7 yr. old grandson. The flight to Florida was fine leaving and arriving on time. The flight home was a different story my flight home was cancelled during the night and I was booked on a flight that left 40 min. earlier with a layover in NJ. for 2 hr. then another plane which we had to sit on for 30 min and leaving late. I called and explained why I needed a non stop flight I was told the only non stop plane wasn't leaving until 3 days later. This meant instead of a less the 3 hr flight it was a 7.5 hrs. I was unable to get any help from management customer service."
"London Heathrow to Newark to connect to Fort Lauderdale Florida. My trip to Newark was uneventful. It was after landing in Newark that everything went wrong. Starting with the long immigration lines that wound around and around. My connection was scheduled to depart at 1.17pm and I was still at immigration at 1.10 even after enquiring about help from a United representative who was standing talking to a fellow colleague. She told me to join the line and when I ask what happened if I missed my connection she just tersely answered they will rebook you and walked away. At baggage claim there was no sign of my bag I was told to catch the flight and look for my bag in Fort Lauderdale. I finally got seated without a welcome or assistance from the two attendants standing at the door. We sat on the tarmac for over 2 hours. In the meantime however the empty seats started filling up little by little and I began to wonder if they were not just awaiting a fill to capacity flight. Not offered anything to eat. They gave us tea coffee or water and that was it. Needless to say that when I go to Fort Lauderdale my checked baggage was not there and was told it had been left in Newark and would be arriving on the 11pm flight. As I am writing this my baggage has still not been delivered."
"Narita Tokyo to Singapore Changi on March 28th. IFE did not work (and even if it did I would be stuck with according to what was in in-flight mag an old and poor quality selection) food awful and had to pay for wine on a transcontinental flight (a first for me). Whole flight experience a bit of a revelation for me as I am used to flying Asian and European carriers. It was a bit like flying a short-hop domestic flight in UK - nothing much really to keep you happy while you are stuck in your seat. Maybe UA treat international flights like their domestic US ones. Even the announcements were the worst I have come across. Purser who did not seem to be able to speak English and a captain who had obviously not been sent on any course about speaking to the public (lacklustre disjointed and very rare). Won't be booking anything with UA again."
"Feb 2 from Newark to Punta Cana flight UA 1520 returned Feb 9 flight UA 1518. Traveled from Newark on March 21 flight UA 423 to Fort Myers. Returned on March 24 flight 1587. What a disappointment! It started at check-in at Newark airport they expect you to do everything and if you ask for help they make it seem they are doing you a huge favor. The seats are super tight have to pay for luggage food TV I'm surprised they don't charge to let you use the bathrooms! They make you feel like you are getting on a bus."
"If there is any alternative to flying United take it. The staff do their best but everything about the interface is far from traveler-friendly. First of all the food - and this is in first class - can only be somebody's idea of comedy. Murky chalky flavors and strange un-natural textures characterized every dish I was given. Also on one recent Newark - Los Angeles flight there was were no screens in the plane - no movies no TV. No wireless available and no plugs."
"4 Sectors with United YVR-ORD ORD-BOS BOS IAH IAH-YVR. Very poor customer service on the ground and in the air. Greeted at the aircraft door by the usual icy scowl. A \"good morning\" from me totally ignored on all sectors. Officious cabin crew. A request for two drinks met by a terse response of \"We do more than one drink service this is United!\" Hugely oversized carry on bags allowed in the cabin. As a result the last few passengers to board are separated from their carry-ons and ordered to relinquish them even if they are of legal size. Purchased a roast beef sandwich on the 4.5 hour BOS-IAH leg it was tiny soggy and disgusting. On the 5 hour IAH-YVR sector departing at 2100 no hot items for purchase just snack boxes with cheese and crackers. I don't believe that United is any different to any other US airline these days. I can tolerate the ancillary charges the cramped seating the lack of food I understand that's what most of the budget conscience travelers demand these days. But simple manners courtesy and mutual respect cost nothing to provide and sadly they seem to be the most difficult qualities to find in any US airline."
"Denver to Midland scheduled departure time was supposed to be 2.15pm. The flight was delayed 3 times and all while the plane was sitting at the boarding gate. The airline employee spike very broken English. Said that anyone traveling with children needed to be checked due to weight restrictions. She then said that 6 people needed to give up their seats for luggage of other travelers or she would not let the last people that checked in on the flight. No one volunteered so she picked 6 people 2 of which were military personnel. Once on the plane people were told to move seats to even out weight since. We will never fly with this airline again."
"The worst experience I have encountered when flying. Total disregard to their customers and employees. The poor people at the gate were just beat up to no end and it was not their fault. Flew out of Aspen Colorado which only has 6 gates and 2-3 planes to manage and they could not even accomplish this simple management. United changed my flight without even giving me the courtesy of an e-mail or phone call to check to see if this arrangement was ok. It wasn't even a change in a flight on the same day but they changed the day I was flying out changed from one layover to two layovers changed the total flight time and did not even offer an apology for this inconvenience. In the future the only way I will ever fly United again is if there was no other airline going to this location. A horrible experience."
"I am on a flight to LAX from SFO already delayed by 45 mins waiting for flight crew to arrive. This had already given me a pretty good idea of customer service the flight's staff has to offer but that got solidified when I asked for 2 cups of water from one flight attendant and she told me - 'why don't you finish one first?'. She eventually got me another cup."
"First international flight from MCO to HKG was great. Very smooth. Crew very helpful. Being on a 15+ hr flight hydration is important. All I had to do was take my water bottle to the back and the crew happily refilled it for me multiple times. They even came around with trays of cups with water every so often. Second flight back (HKG to MCO) was a disaster. First flight from HKG to Newark was delayed 2 hours. Not a big deal we still had time to make our connecting flight. However the plane was further delayed by another 1.5 hrs after we were already on it. The crew were extremely rude. After 6 hours of no water my husband asked if we could refill my water bottle same as the first flight but this time they looked at him like he was crazy and said they were about to bring the drink cart around so to just wait for that. By the time we finally touched down in Newark we missed our connecting flight so had to be put on one 4 hours later. Again that flight from Newark to MCO was delayed. Instead of leaving at 9pm as scheduled we took off from the runway at 11pm after waiting 2 hours on the plane. One of the bathrooms was not functioning properly. They made an announcement that they weren't going to fix the bathroom but had to fill out paperwork anyway so we'd be off the ground as soon as paperwork was finished. Next thing we know a guy is coming down the aisle and starts fixing the bathroom. Then we had to wait for him to fix it before we took off. In the meantime they let 5 more people on the flight so they had to play the safety video a second time before we could take off. Thankfully we had no problem getting our luggage. The movie selection available was also decent. Food was okay for the first two meals and the third was disgusting."
"UA 861 from Washington to Rio de Janeiro scheduled to depart at 9.30pm. The flight was delayed first and then after making me wait for 5 hours the flight was finally cancelled due to mechanical problems at 3am. I got re- booked on the flight for the next day at the same time was given a night at hotel and $14 voucher for the meal for the whole day. The next day I found out that my connection to Sao Paulo to Rio no longer existed so was booked on a later flight with a regional airline. Basically what should've taken me 14 hours took me 48 hours. Furthermore my luggage arrived 2 days afterwards after several phone calls and different answers from United agents. The food served on the plane was inedible. Worst air travel experience. The seat was so crammed for a 9+ hour flight I had to buy premium economy on my way back so that my knees won't hurt."
"Absolutely the worst flight. Both trips were delayed for aircraft mechanical issues. 3 hrs on the way there 4 hrs on the way back. I've never really liked United but we still fly because we were avid Continental flyers for years. I will make it a personal goal to avoid United as an airline for any future flights I have. The price was ridiculous and the service and crew were mediocre at best. I thought United had newer aircraft fleet. Then why are two flights delayed because of mechanical issues? I would never recommend flying United."
"Milwaukee to Los Angeles March 16 2014 returned March 19 2014. Flight 5165. Flight 1273 missed this flight due to the above one being late next flight UA729. Return flight 1498 delayed and missed connecting flight 5438 rebooked to flight UA5425. Late flights and rude service. My flight leaving was late and missed connecting flight. On the return home my flight leaving and connecting flights were late. Flight attendant stands in aisle talking while we try to get off plane to make connecting flights. Captain had asked everyone to be seated unless you have a connecting flight."
"I booked a return trip to Las Vegas via Dublin. On the return trip the seat in front of me was an emergency exit. The seat itself appeared to be broken when the passenger in this seat put the seat in the rest position the seat reclined back so far that the space left to me was extremely confined. When I asked the cabin crew if I was obliged to have this person sitting \"on top\" of me she stated he was allowed to put his seat back. As a result I sat for 6 hours approx with no reasonable space in front of me. I got no food as there was no room to let down my food tray."
"Both coming from and going to our destination the check in staff were very rude and difficult to work with. We've always been around 50 pounds for our checked bags sometimes a little over sometimes less and most airlines don't care as long as you're close enough. Not United - it's 50 lbs exactly or they won't take your bags. Their check in staff are normally pretty unhappy and rude. What makes it even more ridiculous is most people just shift the weight to their carry-ons - meaning the airplane is still carrying the exact same amount of weight."
"UA838 NRT-SFO Biz class. This is a long haul flight with amenity bag. Japanese food selection was Okay. Mid flight snack was placed quietly in a galley. Good thing was the arrival lounge at the SFO to freshen up and shower after landing. This lounge closed at noon and quite difficult to locate. It is on a lower level on the way to terminal 3 if you walk from the international terminal. Info desk did not know about the UA arrival lounge."
"UA 837 NRT-BKK Biz. Sat on the upper deck to avoid the large Biz crowd. Flight was so packed. Hope UA consider to continue its operation to BKK again in the near future. Food was mediocre with beef steak. Japanese crews were polite and nice."
"I recently flew from SFO to Cancun and back. First off I had to pay for poor entertainment offered inflight when other airlines offer better entertainment for free. I mean I paid for movies that I can't even pause when I use the restroom (ridiculous). Secondly no food was served for this long flight. Even some chips or light snacks would have helped. Thirdly the seats were meh I have had better seats. It is a forgettable experience except for the bad parts like the entertainment system. If given the chance I will not fly United again."
"UA838 NRT-SFO Biz class. This is a long haul flight with amenity bag. Japanese food selection was Okay. Mid flight snack was placed quietly in a galley. Good thing was the arrival lounge at the SFO to freshen up and shower after landing. This lounge closed at noon and quite difficult to locate. It is on a lower level on the way to terminal 3 if you walk from the international terminal. Info desk did not know about the UA arrival lounge."
"UA 837 NRT-BKK Biz. Sat on the upper deck to avoid the large Biz crowd. Flight was so packed. Hope UA consider to continue its operation to BKK again in the near future. Food was mediocre with beef steak. Japanese crews were polite and nice."
"I recently flew from SFO to Cancun and back. First off I had to pay for poor entertainment offered inflight when other airlines offer better entertainment for free. I mean I paid for movies that I can't even pause when I use the restroom (ridiculous). Secondly no food was served for this long flight. Even some chips or light snacks would have helped. Thirdly the seats were meh I have had better seats. It is a forgettable experience except for the bad parts like the entertainment system. If given the chance I will not fly United again."
"UA838 BKK-NRT Biz class. Flight was packed. Wonder why UA would discontinue BKK with the planed loaded with passengers. Laid flat seat. Sat on the upper deck near the cockpit. UA Biz were pretty crowded. Food was mediocre. Breakfast choices were Thai noodle or omelette. Grilled sandwich prior to landing was delicious."
"March 12th 2014 flight UA200 was okay but we landed in Houston an hour late and were told our connecting flight UA5189 was cancelled. We were at Terminal B and at this point the service provided by United Airline Airport staff was very poor. Instead of providing us with a direct flight to Toronto we were put on 2 connecting flights these were delayed repeatedly until they were cancelled. We finally asked after waiting for 2 hours if there were any other flights to get home. We were put on an Air Canada flight to Toronto leaving at 2pm but told to go to terminal D to secure our seats and boarding passes but then were told to go to another Terminal and eventually found out this flight was leaving on March 13th a day later not 2pm on March 12th. Finally we went to counter 1 where a staff member helped fly us back to Toronto. We unfortunately had a 2nd overnight flight and although we left Honolulu on March 11th at 7pm we only landed into Toronto 6.45am Thur March 14th. The only saving grace was Air Canada offered free movies. We flew UA1715 and UA219 March 4 2014. Very long uncomfortable flight-no entertainment unless you paid. Very poor experience."
"March 8th 2014 myself and 6 family members and friends were scheduled to fly at 3.15pm from Punta Cana to Newark. Of course the usual 45 minute delay in boarding was to be expected but by the time we got onto the tarmac and boarded the plane there was additional 2 hour delay. Finally by 9pm 6 hours after we were supposed to depart we were told the flight was canceled and would be rebooked the following day on flight 1762 at 2.20pm. Back through customs back to pickup up our luggage and then most of the passengers went onto a bus to a hotel to be returned the next day where the process was started again. 2 more hours to repeat check-in of luggage security and immigration. To add insult to injury United canceled another scheduled flight on Sunday and stranded 200 other customers so we could fly out. Boarding in the 90-degree heat they revealed to us that there were new mechanical problems with the replacement plane. They delivered us back to the terminal where we sat like cattle again without any information at all. This was by far the worst travel experience I have had in 40 years of traveling. United airlines gave only an empty apology by text message on our arrival in Newark referring us to a website to claim a minor token gift which could never compensate us for disastrously poor customer service. The 2 lost luggage bags that arrived 24 hours after we arrived in Punta Cana the week before seemed almost trivial in comparison. What a shame!"
"On return flight to Denver plane waits for 15 minutes at DIA as ground crew is on break and between shifts even though docking space is open and available for our plane. The one checked bag I had on a direct flight from Calgary did not make the plane even though I arrived for check in at Calgary in plenty of time. As this was a small United plane it was oversold. With so many carry ons checked in below I and multiple other passengers had their luggage shifted to another plane. After waiting at the baggage carousel for 30 plus minutes all 3 lost baggage claim stations at DIA were unattended on a Sunday afternoon for over 30 minutes. When staff finally sashayed out the baggage reps stood for several minutes behind their computers talking to no one. The last 6 United flights in the past year that I and my family have taken have all resulted in some form of delays lost luggage or rude staff. I did not receive my luggage until 50 hours after my flight landed."
"Travelled to Mexico with a family of 5. United changed our flight to Mexico at the last minute causing our arrival to be over an hour later almost negating our travel to our resort. The morning of our return I received email confirmation indicating that our connecting flight from Newark to Syracuse was cancelled. During several hours of trying to reach them and receive a new flight to get home we were finally told that we would have to stay in Newark until the next available flight. Our flight from Cancun to Newark we wanted the inflight entertainment and wanted to pay for 3 screens. Between the armrest functions not working or the unit not recognizing cards we were only able to get one screen to work. My seat was actually broken and kept reclining back on its own. When we arrived in Newark on Wed March 12 2014 we were advised that we would be able to come to that airport to standby over the next few days in order to get one or two out at a time. We are a family of 5 with two daughters. We then were told that we could fly out on the 17th of March 5 nights later at our own expense. The cancellation 13 hours before was apparently for weather but when we landed the weather was a little bit of rain. We ended up renting a vehicle one way to Syracuse from National and a 4 hour drive later we were in Syracuse. I have flown United before without issue and were extremely disappointed with the airline on this trip. I will not be flying United next vacation that is for sure."
"YQB-ORD on 13 March. One reason for such low rankings is that I never actually ended up on a UA plane. Scheduled to fly out on the non-stop from Quebec City to O'Hare at 8am. The day before UA emails me that the flight is cancelled and they put me on a flight at 11.50am via EWR. Nope - not on United. Online showed the plane from EWR on-time into YQB but it never landed. Around 11.30 am the departure board shows a 3 hour delay for departure. There is not a single UA rep at the gate - and no one ever shows up to tell people what is going on. The pilots and flight attendant who are to work the trip to EWR didn't have any idea and were embarrassed that one heard it was a mechanical problem while the other heard it was weather. Every other airline into YQB was operating on-time or with 10-15 min delays due to snow in Quebec - all but United. I spent over an hour on the phone with my corporate travel trying to get on another flight - the first United agent wouldn't help my travel agent so she called back and got someone else willing to help. I ended up on Air Canada to YUL and then to ORD. Air Canada was fantastic! United - what is wrong with you? I never say never but unless it is mandated I fly on UA I won't do it. I was Platinum with them last year and Gold this year but I'll stick with American or Air Canada."
"UA5713 New York City NY - New York-LaGuardia (LGA) to Washington DC - Washington-Dulles (IAD) on 3/13/14. The new round of checks on size of carry on is being handled in a way that has convinced me that I should never fly United again. While my bag was not over the size the agents take joy in making you size it and have the \"got you\" attitude. I am convinced the lack of space in carry on bins will no longer be a problem because any business traveler or preferred customer will have enough sense to fly with another airline. It is amazing how far United will go to alienate it's good customers."
"I flew to Nashville via a connection in Houston. The first flight a 60 seater was overbooked by 7! The gate agent was totally overwhelmed. When I said I might \"volunteer\" to give up my seat she asked what the code for Nashville is. Agent came on and off the plane a dozen times before we finally left 15 minutes late. Return flight from Nashville to Houston was cancelled and the robot computer rebooked my for 5.40am the next morning. All flights on original travel date were overbooked. Got to Nashville Airport and half of UA's Expressjet flights were cancelled or delayed. Every gate had the wrong flight posted and they reshuffled right before departure. Aircraft taxied for 15 minutes then sat on the runway for 20 minutes. Not one word from the cockpit. Upon arrival in Houston we sat for 10 minutes until someone showed up to pull up the boarding bridge."
"We had a connecting flight from Chicago to Montreal at 7.30pm and boarding time was at 7.00pm. Got to the airport 2 hours before our flight and decided to get a bite to eat in the terminal but first we checked the screens and our flight was on time. Left the restaurant 30 mins before boarding when we go to the flight screens we had seen that it said cancelled we did not understand why? Told that the crew had not shown up and that there were no other flights available meaning we were stuck in Chicago until the next morning. 5am wake up to catch the new flight they had scheduled us on. Got to the agent at our gate and saw the agents panicking told it would take 30 minutes to get the problem sorted. To top it off my father booked a first class seat the plane did not have a first class so he asked for an exit row seat however they wanted to charge him almost 40$ when he had already had a first class seat to begin with."
"Booked a flight in December 2013 for a trip to Palm Springs in March 2014 - at that time had seat assignment - little did I know that booking in advance does not guarantee you a seat on the flight - they over booked the flight and I was bumped off my 7 am flight and spent 15 hours in San Fran airport compliments of United Airlines. Waited all day to get on a standby flight (7 that went through that day all over booked) - would have been bumped from the 11 pm flight they rescheduled me on (after bumping me in the am) had I not checked to make sure I was \"guaranteed\" on the flight. Make sure that when you check in your ticket has a seat assignment - if it says \"see agent\" make sure you go early and hopefully get it taken care off - What a terrible disregard for peoples time from United. Feel bad for the ticket agents who I watched all day get yelled at by others who were bumped unwillingly!"
"Possibly the worst airline to fly internationally. Such a shame compared to other European and Asian airlines. Traveled on the ORD-MUN. Flight was delayed due to leakage in cargo. Apparently they found it after every one boarded the plane. Planes are ageing. Entertainment system kept rebooting automatically. Each reboot taking 5 minutes. Service was pathetic. FA's never tried to help. Beverage rounds were few and in between. Overall has been a very bad experience whenever I have flown United. Avoid it like plague."
"I am forced to fly by United Airlines from were I live because they are the only airline at my local airport. I haven't flown them on an international flight since the late 90's. It was a bad experience then my latest trip was even worse. If you're looking for bad seats bad meals people who hate their jobs then this is your airline. They charged me an extra fee of $100 (USD) for my extra check in bag. I had to pay high prices for any drinks with alcohol on an International flight. They flew us home (9 hour transpacific flight from Tokyo) with a fixed cabin TV screen. No power outlet for electronics and flight attendants that made you afraid to ask for a drink of water."
"Returning to Michigan from Waikiki we got to Chicago where we found out that the plane to Detroit was cancelled. When we went to the service desk they acted like they did not care told that we could be put on stand by until the next open flight in 3 days had a seat. Their customer service was rude and uncaring. Luckily our travel agent called American Airlines and got us a flight in one hour."
"I had the worst experience with this airline. I frequently fly between Hartford and Columbus. All flights out of Columbus and Hartford have a very poor on-time percentage around 40%. My return flight had been boarded with a broken air plane which led to everyone de-boarding and boarding a second plane. In return many people on the plane missed their connecting flights from the delay and had to be rebooked and stay at a hotel overnight including myself. My morning flight the next day had a delay that cost be a full business day at work. This is just one of many times I have had trouble with this airline I will not be flying again."
"Flew United SYD-SFO in Economy Plus. Paid $200 for exit row seat so unlimited legroom. Staff business like but not rude. Soft drinks offered soon after takeoff. Dinner was basic but that was actually welcome - steamed chicken 4 slightly shrivelled chips veg tiny Apple pie drinks offered again. Water was offered twice during overnight and a midnight ham roll and Tim Tam for those awake. Breakfast was omelette and barely recognisable sausage. IFE was shared screens but I used iPad. Overall not as unpleasant as I had feared."
"Flight from Midland to Salt Lake City was great. Both planes were small but that was fine. The crew were great and the reason I purchased the tickets was because it was the fastest flight. The layover was short and it was easy to find my next gate. We left and arrived on time. On my way back however totally different! I had a 6.20 flight and arrived at the airport at 4.30. The line for United Airlines was so long it extended the length of the terminal and out of the door. I stood in line for 1 hour and 20 minutes! No information given and the line did not move very quickly at all. Finally at 6 am a woman working for United started walking down the line asking if anyone was going on the 6.20 flight to IAH. Over 30 people left the line to stand in yet another line for an additional 10 minutes. No explanation was offered no apologies given. We were rushed through first class passenger line of security and I boarded the plane at 6:15 am. The plane was half full because everyone was still waiting in line. Our flight left at 6.45 because we had to wait on all the other passengers. The pilot did his best to make up time in the air and I made in time to make my connecting flight. I still have no idea what happened in SLC it seemed to me like a lot of laziness and poor customer service."
"It has taken me in excess of an hour to resolve what should be a simple matter on the phone with their customer service flights are always late (which I understand is not always the airline's fault but most of my late flights result from insufficient crew which they can do something about). The coach cabin is a mess and even first class which I usually take is sub par. Last time I flew first class they gave me a hard time when I asked for milk for my toddler children! Not to mention that they ran out of food. I already had low expectations for them but I did not expect to bring my own food to first class. Avoid at all costs."
"Flew from Newark to Denver where United decided without any form of communication to hold 2 of our bags to arrive with the next flight to Denver 3 hours later. After arriving in Denver we waited at the baggage carousel for nearly an hour until we were fully convinced 2 of our bags did not make the flight. Throughout the night we tried calling different customer service numbers of United and could not get a straightforward answer. 20 hours later our bags reached us. On our flight back from Denver to Newark the entire flight was boarded seat belts fastened welcomed by the pilot until another announcement from the pilot came on and I quote \"there is a small problem. Should be a quick fix that will take best case 30 minutes\". 10 minutes later we are told to deboard the plane because this \"quick fix problem\" has caused the plane to be completely out of service. As we all deboard our entire flight is told to go to one customer service desk with 4 representatives. Nearly an hour later we finally get up to the representatives and all I hear is a potential flight to Houston reboard the out-of-commission plane at 3.30 or wait until tomorrow. Save yourselves the trouble and aggravation and never fly United Airlines!"
"Washington to San Diego and San Francisco to Washington. Old planes not enough overhead storage for the amount of cabin luggage they allow people to lug in. One stewardess had a shouting discussion about the oncoming superbowl from the front of the plane to row 39. No free food on a 5 hour flight no drinks except water and fruit juices of doubtful quality. Online entertainment is a joke! Never again!"
"I used to like flying United but the last couple of trips have really make me think about other airlines. I had to fly to Honolulu in January to take care of my mom for 2 weeks. They canceled my departing flight. My flight from Houston was delayed 2 hours and there was no personal TV on the flight. Flying home it was the same. I had to return to Honolulu in Feb. The flight to and from had no personal TV. I am not a savy personal and do not have I- pads or any personal electronics (and there were many other people like me on the plane) so using Wi-Fi did us no good. Sitting on the plan for 8 hrs plus with no entertainment really did not go over well."
"May 27 through June 10 2014. The customer service for this airline really needs to be greatly improved. I book my flights in advance so I can have what I want and schedule what I am doing when I get there. So to have my flights canceled and rebooked for a flight that doesn't even come close to when my connecting flight leaves the airport is a bit stupid. Now I have to have a longer flight just to get where I want to go by flying in the opposite direction of where I want to go. To top it all off I wasn't even notified of the change. Now I have to change my plans so I can accommodate the airlines wishes. Next time I think I will book with another company that I have had no problems with."
"I've been a United 1K member for 2 years 7 year Platinum member on Continental prior to the merger of the two airlines. I fly over 100k miles a year on business and used to enjoy flying however over the past 3 years United has been a nightmare to fly and do business with! Loyalty means nothing customer service is non-existent and upgrades uncommon. Schedules are terrible with multiple connections expensive tickets and they're flying more and more excruciatingly uncomfortable regional planes! Been flying a different airline starting this year since they offered elite status for flying a few thousand miles during a certain timeline so far so good!"
"Hong Kong to Newark on March 1. Flight crew was tired and cranky with bad attitudes across the board. One in- flight announcement was literally a snide \"buckle your seat belt it's bumpy\". Where other airlines turn a galley into a quasi-lounge area during such a long flight (15 hours) we were told there was to be no loitering around the galley or toilet areas. I will avoid this airline as much as possible in future. The only positives were the entertainment system and that the flight was on time."
"My wife and a friend were flying to San Francisco last night and their flight was delayed from 8pm to 9.30pm. When they were finally on board they found that no meals of any kind were available on the 5 hour flight to the destination. My wife was only able to get two small glasses of water and a glass of tomato juice. If this is a sample of the way that United Airlines treats it's passengers these days we won't be booking any travel with them in the future."
"United cancelled our flight to Florida about 16 hours prior to our trip. You would think that with 16 hours to work with they could find a way to get a plane to the city I live in. Our travel agent had to scramble to make alternate arrangements with another airline. Now we are going to have to spend over twelve hours travelling and stop at one more airport. I am very angry with United's lack of compassion with our dilemma and diligence at arranging alternate flights to get us to our destination. I will never book with United Airlines again!"
"EWR to AUA round trip business class. The flights were the flights from hell. The crew was unpleasant. The plane was very old and should have been retired long ago. The food if you want to call it that was awful to say the least. I'm easy going and I couldn't find anything positive to say. Save your money and never go UA business class."
"Traveled to Denver from Rochester NY on United twice in the past month. Every plane had a mechanical problem resulting in having to re-book multiple flights because of missed connections. In January I sat on the Tarmac for 3 hours in Rochester because someone had forgotten to drain the water out and it took that long to de-ice. On my return flight from Denver I had to be re-booked 3 times due to mechanical issues and sat in the airport for 8 hours. The only reason I finally got out was because a connecting flight from Idaho landed too late and they refused to hold the plane. In my most recent flight out of Rochester in February the altimeter was broken and we waited 6 hours for parts to be flown in from Atlanta. Oh and - I had paid extra for aisle seats in Economy Plus and ended up in the middle seat in the back of the plane. Now I have to contact Customer Service as no one in the Service Center in the Denver Airport is authorized to do so. I am dreading the return flight home. I will be flying on other carriers from now on."
"Just arrived at my hotel after a horrendous 24-hour trip from Montreal to Honolulu. The missed connection and re- routing through LAX was bad enough but I guess winter weather is a reality. What is not acceptable is this new DirecTV-United deal for in-flight \"entertainment\". Now in addition to having to pay extra for a poor sandwich wrap they've got the gall to make you cough up extra to watch a movie. I object to paying for what is standard on other airlines. They take your money $1000-2000 and then expect you to pay for a movie - or even a flight map. Of course they'll say it's only $6-8 for DirecTV and provides access to many TV channels as well."
"My wife and 22 month old son are about to board a 14 hour flight. United is only offering one meal service over that 14 hour period and they won't give any food to my son because he's on his mothers lap and doesn't have his own individual ticket. Some milk maybe some yoghurt a ham sandwich costs them what maybe $2? It's apparent that that extra $2 is worth more than the comfort of their lowly economy customers. Flying isn't what it used to be."
"Terrible service unless you are some sort of elite status traveler. This airline wouldn't let me pick my seats during on-line check in. Assigned me and my 9 year old son Exit row seats because the flight was completely oversold. When I advised gate attendant that a 9 year old would be in the exit row they stated that I \"shouldn't have agreed to the terms and conditions of those seats\". Told to leave my boarding passes and they would fix it. After 40 minutes everyone else gets on plane I go up to find out what's going on and I'm then given back my original boarding passes and told to get on the plane and they would fix it there. Onboard told to see the 2nd attendant. The 2nd attendant tells me I can't sit in the exit row with a child. An attendant moved 2 people out of their seats into the exit row and then snidely says to me \"See. that wasn't so bad was it?\". I've taken 4 United round trips in the last 5 years and pretty much determined that this kind of attitude is common."
"EWR (NJ) direct to POS (Trinidad). The United Club was unfortunate and so was the outdated 737-800 (UA1505) that took us to our Christmas vacation. Save your money folks and fly coach. This class of service is not worth the extra cost. I would say the worst part about flying United is the unenthusiastic and unhelpful service. No big surprise to anyone who flies United regularly. I also bought the Premier Accelerator and Reward Accelerator erroneously thinking that I would maintain my Status Match level with this flight. The \"fine print\" here is that the Accelerator is not permitted in achieving status if you're doing a Match but their web site will continually advertise it to you like it is. You will also be allowed to buy this product which I now have deep regret doing."
"Our last series of flights (from the UK to the USA and also within the USA) were quite simply the worst travel experience we have had in over 30 years of being regular international and national travellers. Staff in the business class lounge were unhelpful badly informed and unfriendly. Flight was delayed and we were initially held sitting on board for several hours. Then had to de-board and a few hours later the flight was cancelled. We had to exit through the baggage hall. Despite having a lot of baggage and having already been assured we could leave our checked baggage with United staff one member of staff told us \"we won't look after this anybody can take it and it's not our responsibility and then decided to insist we take our bags out immediately. The hotel United put us in was dreadful. Put on a fight the following day. We used air miles to upgrade to business class: United's configuration of the new extra-slim business class seats is awful. 2x4x2. Paying business class and being stuck in the middle with no dividers between two people you don't know? Hardly classy treatment! Seats are so thin that anyone with broad shoulders will be very uncomfortable. One of the internal flights in the USA was so cold that everyone sat shivering in their overcoats. At every airport in the USA staff were at best ungracious and unfriendly. Everything was too much trouble for them. United has also downgraded its Silver status so that now you only get one free bag not two. It is very sad to see the appalling way that United Airlines' service has plummeted."
"FLL to EWR to SFO. UA1024 for the EWR leg firstly the pilot taxied too close to the corner and got stuck in snow. Solved that with a pull out and then the fun started. Pilot came on and said we are rerouted and he doesn't have enough fuel but that he is protesting with the tower. Over an hour later we are at a gate being fuelled. The gate agent refused to assist me in finding another route home since 2 hours had passed and I was certain I'd missed my connection in SFO. No hotel because they said the delay was due to weather not incompetence. The new customer focus they speak of is a facade. Flight was Feb 21. SFO has comfortable chairs but not to sleep on."
"I'm currently sitting at the gate for my United flight at LAX. A gentleman came out of the gate off of a flight obviously in a hurry and quickly asked where the connecting flight for Newark was. The staff here looked at him like it was the most inconvenient question in the world. They closed the doors for the tarmac before all passengers were inside which left them outside knocking on the door. Not one member of the staff let them in so an airline customer opened the door which set off an alarm. Again the staff did nothing and let the alarm go off for minutes. Definitely not impressed not to mention every time the gal came over the loud speaker she sounded like se had no clue what was going on. She kept getting flights confused and putting out wrong information. I will make sure I don't fly with them again."
"Our last series of flights (from the UK to the USA and also within the USA) were quite simply the worst travel experience we have had in over 30 years of being regular international and national travellers. Staff in the business class lounge were unhelpful badly informed and unfriendly. Flight was delayed and we were initially held sitting on board for several hours. Then had to de-board and a few hours later the flight was cancelled. We had to exit through the baggage hall. Despite having a lot of baggage and having already been assured we could leave our checked baggage with United staff one member of staff told us \"we won't look after this anybody can take it and it's not our responsibility and then decided to insist we take our bags out immediately. The hotel United put us in was dreadful. Put on a fight the following day. We used air miles to upgrade to business class: United's configuration of the new extra-slim business class seats is awful. 2x4x2. Paying business class and being stuck in the middle with no dividers between two people you don't know? Hardly classy treatment! Seats are so thin that anyone with broad shoulders will be very uncomfortable. One of the internal flights in the USA was so cold that everyone sat shivering in their overcoats. At every airport in the USA staff were at best ungracious and unfriendly. Everything was too much trouble for them. United has also downgraded its Silver status so that now you only get one free bag not two. It is very sad to see the appalling way that United Airlines' service has plummeted."
"0 for 3! United Airlines failed to depart all of my flights this week on time by greater than an hour. Two of which were in excess of 2 hours. This resulted in my decision to cancel my last leg (which I was going to miss anyway) with them and drive 5 hours in the middle of the night to get to my destination. I didn't want to take the risk of staying overnight and not getting home. Apparently they don't have any concern for their customers and their timelines. Probably won't fly with them again."
"PSP-Houston-Washington-Ottawa. Arrived 1 hour and 45 mins prior to departure. In PSP they had 3 flights (Denver San Fran and Houston) all leaving within 30 mins. They had 3 attendants each flight left without people who were left in line because of the counter delays. Staff were less than helpful. No organization no communication. We got to the gate with 5 mins to spare. On the Houston - Washington segment they arrived with time left on the inflight movie - so no one saw the ending. I will not use United again."
"Really simple flight from Los Angeles CA to Newark NJ at 11.30pm then a connecting flight from Newark NJ to Boston MA (1.5 hrs buffer). Total time should have been 6-7 hours. Problems started in Los Angeles when the gate person told us that there was a mechanical problem on the plane. Many people had connecting flights and so a long line formed. One person was at the desk creating new boarding passes. For some reason it took him about 10000 keystrokes to issue each pass. Two hours he issued a total of two boarding passes. The line became exceedingly long and then he called in a manager who whispered in his ear then left. Another associate came in talked to the associate at the counter and walked away. Flight arrives late and then I have to wait 7 hours for another flight to Boston. Total travel time ended up being over 17 hours. Horrible experience inept customer service."
"YWG-ORD-FLL-ORD-YWG. Check seemed more complicated than other carriers but did manage to figure it out. Left YWG on-time. Arrived into ORD more or less on time. Had 50 minutes to get to next gate which was miles away. Got to the gate with about 10 minutes to spare. 4/7 of my group members got seats. Three were put up in a hotel for the afternoon and the closest United could get them to FLL the same day was to fly to MEM. They arrived in MEM only having to drive 13 hours to get to FLL. They were fairly compensated that was the only good part of the outbound trip. On the way back check in was a breeze as it was deserted. Ended up getting to the gate with about 2 hours to spare. Plane was delayed about 25 minutes aggravating but didn't lose any sleep over it. Got into ORD a couple minutes late. My connection to YWG was supposed to be 40 minutes but our plane which was coming in from SAV was 4.5 hours late leaving thus delaying us 4.5 hours. I was insulted as we only received a $7 voucher. The only shop that was open was a McDonald's which was in the American Airlines terminal which was miles away. Winnipeggers don't have much choice in air travel but I will do my best to avoid United in the future."
"My sister wife and I travelled Heathrow to Chicago to Denver and onto Minot ND. Booked meals asked for veggie for me on the first flight. Lousy onboard service Chicago chaotic. Flight on small jet to Minot was excellent. return was via Washington. Lousy flight uncomfortable seats on United tight for me at 6'3\" on board attendants no patience. Food again on return was unplanned."
"LAX-JFK EWR-LAX. Pros: two helpful ground agents and warm friendly lounge staff at LAX. Decent IFE and comfortable seat for the 5 hour flight. Cons: Too many to mention but mainly staff attitude about everything. Even the simplest task is completed with a sigh and a roll of the eyes. I've never experienced boarding a flight before while the crew talked amongst themselves and literally ignored passengers boarding - not even a request to show boarding passes. I've honestly never been tested with such consistent disdain by employees of a company to which I'm paying a considerable chunk of money. It got to the point where I just smiled to myself with amusement at their unprofessional and frankly useless and unhelpful manner. I only flew UA as a code share with AirNZ but can honestly say I will never ever waste my time or money again."
"This review relates to a 5 flight itinerary booked with United. Other than flight segment 3 which was with Lufthansa from Barcelona (BCN) to Munich (MUC) the other 4 flights were with United Airlines. The problem started when United had a schedule change which did not allow us a legal connection in Newark (EWR) on the outbound flight to Barcelona (BCN). We received an e-mail from United informing us of a change in time to an earlier flight from Phoenix (PHX) to Newark (EWR) allowing us a legal connection for our flight. This in itself was a bit annoying since we went from an original connection time of one hour to a four hour connection. Unfortunately we \"accepted\" the change on-line which was the first error on our part. The day prior to departing from Phoenix we received the usual message telling us we could print our boarding passes. This worked fine until we checked the boarding passes only to find out there was no longer the priority boarding we had booked and paid for. This resulted in spending over an hour on the phone to United. As it turned out with every segment flown with United it was necessary to go through the whole process of having them reprint boarding passes which showed the priority boarding and then only after we had provided them with proof this had been purchased. As for the flights themselves? The usual experience of dealing with disinterested flight attendants barely edible food and the fact as I was told \"United no longer offers special meals (eg: low cholesterol or diabetic) but does provide a kosher meal for its Jewish and Muslim passengers and a beef free meal for its Sikh passengers. So all in all the poor service of United Airlines appears to be the norm more and more these days rather than the exception which really is a problem for the UA's promise that we are \"flying the friendly skies\"."
"Planned a vacation to Australia and New Zealand over a year ago! Left EWR on Jan 22 for SFO flight was delayed almost 2 hours (waited about 40 mins to take off) most of the delay was caused by a mechanical problem. Pilot apologized for problem saw mechanic going back and forth down aisle. Had a connecting flight to Sydney with 1.5 hr layover. Notified flight attendant about connection and pilot contacted United to let them know that there were a number of people on the flight connecting to Sydney. Was told plane was taking off \"on time\" Got into SFO in enough time to make connection but sat on tarmac for 20 mins. waiting for gate. No gate agent no transportation - just run. Got to gate at 10.42 doors closed at 10.40. United's response - tough. One flight a day to Sydney. Customer service said EWR flight was delayed due to weather (untrue) therefore no compensation. Was upgraded to First class for following days flight. One hour before departure United takes away our first class tickets and gives seats to United employees (saw the badge) - unbelievable! Don't want to bore you with the return flights but suffice it to say had to spend two nights in SFO of course no compensation."
"I flew United on domestic US flights 3 times in last month and I am very disappointed by their customer care. They haven't informed passengers that due to delays their connection flight (on the same flight number as from Portland to Las Vegas through San Francisco) would be missed - they knew that before boarding the first plane. Secondly they ignored passengers who had to sleep at San Francisco airport on the floor having all restaurants and half of restrooms closed. When coming back from US to Poland (3 flights - 17 hours) I couldn't check an additional bag (as I should have Star Alliance Silver status) informing me that these were Lufthansa regulations and they have their own united and they don't care or I will have to pay 200$. I was forced to check the carry-on luggage as they found they had no free space onboard. Of course my hand luggage was an appropriate size. I am very disappointed and will do my best not to use United Airlines again."
"Flight from HNL to Denver has been sitting at gate for 2 hrs and no information given other than cargo door problem. I quit flying United several years ago but booked this flight due to price. Never again. Will now miss my connecting flight to DSM. Will not make this mistake using this airline again. On flight over to HNL the entertainment system did not work."
"Worst airline I have ever been on. So far UAL has cancelled 3 flights from EWR to BOS with the excuses being weather crew and now mechanical. That's 3 separate planes. Seats in economy are tight with virtually no movement. I'll never fly them again."
"Arrived Tullamarine (Melbourne Australia) for long planned family holiday to USA. Informed flight cancelled and next flight was two days away! No apology no explanation. Flights through to LA and then to New York uneventful. Flight home from JFK - baggage issues plane delayed on tarmac for close to two hours no amenities from staff water etc. LA connection end then delayed by non appearing traveller. Flight to Sydney diverted to Brisbane due to low fuel missed connecting flights and luggage 'lost' (arrived 11pm four days later). United never again."
"Worst airline and worst customer service anyone can ever imagine. 4 hour delay on the plane then cancellation next morning again 4 hour delay while sitting on the plane and then cancellation. 3rd day waiting for an hour to get my luggage checked in when there were only 3 people in front of me. Staff had no idea. This was from Regina to Denver. By the time we were done with staff we were already late for boarding."
"Just flew United to Honolulu from Canada. Worst possible flight from Chicago. No entertainment no WiFi and absolutely no food or snacks were given. Mechanical issue delayed us for 2 hrs. Will never fly United again."
"My husband's father passed away 2 days ago. We scrambled to get him on a flight that wasn't too terribly expensive and would get him there in an expeditious manner. He flew from LAX to SFO. The plane he was supposed to be on in SFO had mechanical difficulties. They brought in another plane from Vegas. This second plane had problems as well. It took an additional 5.5 hours for him to get on his way to his family."
"Took several flights in the last couple of months from EWR-HKG ORD-HKG NRT-EWR. The only positive item is inflight entertainment on the 777. Food: first meal - barely edible snack: unedible (half frozen sandwich) third meal: terrible. Now United have started charging for wine on such flights which last year didn't. Staff: terrible: I was given terrible attitude by a flight attendant didn't respond to several attendant calls for a long time. There are several airlines doing such routes all of them providing far better service than United."
"Delay of 4 hours then cancellation with another 4 hour wait for customer service on scheduled flight from SFO to HNL is totally unforgivable and there were no weather issues involved. Date of travel was to be 18 Jan 2014 and rebooked on 19 Jan 2014. Definitely cannot recommend United ever again."
"My pregnant wife and I had to fly to Maryland from Hawaii. As we were leaving for the airport I get a notification that the plane was experiencing mechanical issues and the flight was delayed. I contacted them and discussed how our delay was going to affect our connecting flight in San Francisco. I was told it would not be an issue. Upon arrival in San Francisco I learned that was not the case. I was told we had to wait a few hours and was going to Houston where I would be connected to Baltimore. We arrived in Houston and was greeted by another rude employee telling us the delay caused us to miss the connector to Baltimore and would get us a later flight putting us in Baltimore around 10pm and that was our only option. I walked outside to get some air and saw a supervisor at the ticket counter. I explained the story to her she offered to get on a flight that would put us in DC. On our arrival we learned that after what was to be a 12-13 hour flight that turned into a twenty something hour flight zig zagging across country. United did not have our luggage and it was sitting in an airport in New Jersey."
"Flight from Houston to SLC on 2/1/2014 a family of six including a 6 year old 4 year old and twin 2 year olds. When we checked in at the gate the gentleman at the gate was very short and rude and bluntly stated that we had not reserved our seating online as required when actually we had several months in advance. He took our tickets and forced us to stand by and wait for everyone else to board the plane every time we tried to ask him any questions he completely ignored and avoided us. After everyone else was on board he shoved some tickets at us and sent us on the plane with 4 small kids and 2 car seats. We were scattered throughout the plane. Fortunately the staff on the plane were accommodating enough to rearrange seating a little in order to get my husband or I as close as possible to our kids but we were still very separated. We also found out that several other families were separated on the plane as well. The entire flight was very stressful and unnerving and after this experience I will never fly with United again based on the treatment of the man at the gate. I would not recommend United Airlines to any families as none of our flights were accommodating to young families with kids and car seats as most airlines are."
"Lost bags delayed flights lack of communication wrong allocation of seats (such as row 50 in an airline that only has 46 rows) and rude staff have made my collective experience with United Airlines a negative one. To give them 1 star for each of these categories is a stretch. I wish I had read the reviews before booking so many flights with them as it seems that the rest of their previous customers are just as satisfied as I. Literally days wasted in airports and kilometres walked trying to get answers from staff who clearly are in the wrong line of work given their communication skills. Never again."
"DEN-LHR on Christmas Eve. No food service for 50% of Economy class cabin as crew claimed that ground staff forgot to load enough food for all passengers in this class due to \"holiday mood\". When complained to crew they said it is unfortunate and can send letter to head office if dis-satisfied with service. Last time to fly with UA."
"Newark to Hong Kong in Economy Plus. The flight left early and arrived late which made for a 16.5 hour flight. It was a very smooth flight and the fasten seatbelt sign was turned off 2 hours after take-off. I asked for a glass of red wine and was told that United began charging $7.99 a glass on flights across the Pacific Ocean on Jan 1 2014. No hot towels were provided. The meal came with plastic tableware. The individual in-flight entertainment worked well on the 777-200. 2 hours before landing there were a couple of bumps and the fasten seatbelt sign was on for the remaining 2 hours of the flight. On a 16 hour flight it is nice to use the toilet to freshen up before landing. No toothbrush or socks were provided. I purchased the more expensive W ticket because I had an upgrade but the business/first section was full two weeks before departure."
"I took United from Paris to Washington DC and then from DC to Richmond VA. The first flight was ok despite no communication or service from the crew. The second flight has one hour delay so far. Not very happy about flying with United. I won't recommend it."
"We flew from Newark to Panama City Panama. Flight arrived 30 mins late at 11pm. The flight was OK except for no entertainment as the paying entertainment was not worth it. No free food even that had to be paid for - we didn't. Pilots were pretty uncommunicative and the cabin crew indifferent. The seats are real torture too narrow hard and poor legroom combine to make 5 hours feel like forever!"
"Flew Denver to Tokyo Flight left 2 hrs. late (mech) so we missed our connecting flight arrived 9 hrs late. On the way back they changed our seats at boarding and put us next to the bathroom got to hear the toilet flush and the door slam for 10 hours I'll never fly United again."
"We flew to Geneva from ABQ on 1/16 - 1/26. Flight UA5176 UA907 UA975Y UA783Y. To start we had a 5 hr delay and our party of 6 had to be split up and re-routed to reach our overseas destination (this was not due to weather). United offered us a measly 7$ credit that was only usable in one airport for food. It didn't even cover a meal. When we finally were on our way there were further delays (once again not weather) and upon arrival our party was split and we had to pt double to take the shuttle separately to our hotel. Very frustrating trip with United!"
"IAH to CVG: Crowded dirty late with poor customer service from distracted personnel. They act like they simply don't care. If you enjoy riding Greyhound Bus Lines and want to have that same experience in the air fly United."
"I purchased first class tickets hoping to make the experience a little better it didn't help. The food on the flight is horrible. You get a snack box which consists of a couple of crackers some cheese spread a fig cookie and some kind of cranberry bar. That is not first class service to me. To make matters worse my bags were lost. It would have taken them two hours to drive it to me instead they had to fly it back then ship it to the correct place. This took about 24 hours when it should have taken 2. To make matters even worse on the flight home my bags didn't make it again. I was told they got put on the later flight. I won't be flying United anymore."
