"x"
"Verified Review | Austin to San Francisco. The flight from to SFO was uneventful and I had a pretty good experience. The return flight not so much. In the end, the flight was 2.5 hours late into Austin. There was no issue with weather; it is still unclear why we had such a delay. Virgin did a very poor job of explaining it and really provided no information about the delay until after our flight was to have departed. Once we pushed back from the gate, it took about 1 hour before we took off. Then, about 20 minutes after take-off, some people started to get up to use the rest room. They were quickly scolded since the fasten seat belt sign was still on. Once the pilot finally turned off the sign, about a dozen people jumped out of their seats and formed a long line for the restrooms at the back of the plane. I waited a while, and once the rest room in the front was unoccupied for a couple of minutes, I went up and used it. I was in row 5, so very near the front. As I returned to my seat, the flight attended reminded me that the rest room in the front was for first class. I said I understood that but there was a long line in the back and they had already had us on the plane for a couple of hours, so I had to do what I had to do. She scolded me some more and made me promise that I would not use the first class restroom for the remainder of the flight. Then another person from row 4 went to use the front rest room. She refused to let him and insisted that he join the long line in the back. On other flights, we have been told that it is also against the rules to form a long line for the rest rooms. When the crew came through for drinks, they gave mostly ice and only about 2/3 of a cup of soda. I felt that the flight crew was rude and not very understanding given the situation that they created for their customers, and not very service oriented. The entertainment system was good and the seats were not bad relative to other airlines."
"Verified Review | Washington to Los Angeles. I was pleasantly surprised by the entire flying experience on Virgin America. Comfy seats, free entertainment that's easy to access, tasty food for purchase, very nice staff, on-time boarding and takeoff - so much better than my experiences on United Airlines."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Los Cabos. Virgin America has always been a good airline and this flight was nice and easy! They have tons of entertainment on their screen! Wifi is very expensive at $16. A couple of our family members had trouble with the remotes not fully working, but overall a great airline to fly!"
"Verified Review | Kahului to Newark via San Francisco. My flight with Virgin America was very good! It was originally supposed to leave Kahului at 1:10 p.m (January 1) but it was changed to 11:10 p.m (January 1) a few months in advance. It was good that I was made aware of this a good few months before by trip. This meant I got to spend a couple extra hours in Kahului before heading back home to Newark. The flight to SFO was very good, the captain was funny and made a few jokes and the flight attendants were friendly. We were able to make it to SFO in about 4 hours and 15 minutes instead of the scheduled 5 hours. This meant I could enjoy a nice breakfast at the airport before my second leg. The flight from SFO to EWR was just as good. There was a wide selection of drinks and snacks as well as movies. However, the movies did have to be paid for but I didn't much mind as I had my kindle and 3DS. Cabin crew was also friendly. We did have to enter a hold when approaching Newark as their was bad weather and congestion in the air. But, this was to be expected (after all this is Newark and it happens all the time). We touched down at 5-ish in the afternoon on January 2. Overall, it was a very good experience."
"Verified Review | Flew Virgin America from New York to San Francisco. From the service at the counter to the flight itself though tired from flying JHB to JFK (international 15hrs), this was a pleasant flight, smooth, clean, elegant and very kind crew. I'm wondering why I haven't used Virgin before now. I was impressed."
"Verified Review | San Diego to Boston via San Francisco with Virgin America. Found an absolutely miraculous deal on this flight. It was a through flight so I didn't have to change planes in SFO. We just got off, grabbed some food and got back on. Even with parents of a toddler next to me, I was comfortable in my seat and due to the live TV stream and the time of this year, almost everyone was watching the Olympics which was kind of fun. The staff was attentive and brought any drinks I ordered almost immediately. I didn't buy any food but the people next to me did twice (it's a long flight and they had a toddler). Both times, it was easy for them and their food came quite quickly. Would definitely fly again."
"Customer service to the max! On my return from a weekend in Las Vegas, I was exhausted and not that thrilled to be connecting red eye through LA to Boston, but so be it. So I was very pleasantly surprised when Virgin called me up to the gate to inform me that my flight was just delayed and I would miss my connection. So they had rebooked me on a JetBlue nonstop arriving earlier than my scheduled flight! The level of foresight was excellent, I hadn't even learned of the delay issue before they fixed it. And I got an exit row to boot. So my new favorite airline, Virgin America, is one I've still never flown! (Contrast this with my flight out to Vegas on American Airlines, which refused to let me fly standby to avoid a delayed flight, despite having plenty of open seats, because I didn't have 'status'. Thanks, American, for making me feel like a second class citizen even though your flight delay was causing my inconvenience.) I'll look to book with Virgin on my next flight, and hope to actually fly with them!"
"New York JFK to Las Vegas with Virgin America. I originally booked a Main Cabin Select seat for some added comforts to start my trip to Vegas nice and relaxed. Since I had an early morning flight(and I go to sleep late) I decided to check-in 6hrs prior to try to get an upgrade to 1st Class. I got lucky and got the last seat (2A). Checked in at the desk inside with nice agents. Priority boarding was nice. I had time to put stuff away and settle in before the rush of the remaining passengers. I had a drink prior to take off offered by professional and friendly staff. A great seat - I asked what the buttons were for on the armrest and it was for the seat massager. I used that all the way to Vegas (it put me to sleep pretty good twice). The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the food. I don't know why they had to get \"super fancy\" with it. Some normal generic stuff would've been fine for me and others I noticed (too much fluff added to the food that turned me off). I got to Vegas totally relaxed and geared up to get my vacation started. I would fly them again."
"Verified Review | What a contrast to American Airlines. I flew Virgin America on an early morning flight from Las Vegas to San Francisco. The aircraft was clean and well presented, the crew were happy to be there and the service was really great. I was dreading this flight as it was in economy, but the crew were so good and the whole experience so very much better that the American Airlines flights I took (in First Class). Clearly not all American carriers are the same. Well done Virgin America."
"La Guardia to Dallas Love Field. This was our first time flying on Virgin America. From the time we arrived at the gate until we got off the aircraft was a wonderful experience. The gate staff were very friendly and helpful. The cabin interior was amazing and the lighting gave a nice ambiance. The seats were cozy (even though we could not recline the seats due to being in front of the overwing hatches). Inflight entertainment was great, with plenty of viewing choices. The interior of the aircraft was very clean and well kept. Food choices were excellent and the staff treated us very nicel!! Kudos to all at Virgin America - you made this a great flight to remember!"
"Virgin America was a great airline to fly. The crew was helpful, the plane was clean and the seats were pretty comfortable for the 3 or so hour flight to Orlando. I really liked the plane, the interior decor was great and I really like how you can order food from your seat, and drinks are free! Just a great lower cost option to fly!"
"I've flown with Virgin America many times and it is easily the best US domestic carrier. The planes are new, clean, and comfortable. Staff are friendly and quick to help. Inflight entertainment is top-notch, and ordering and paying for food and drink from your seat is like a dream. If I had to choose a downside, it would be limited routes and time tables. I wish there were more flight times to choose from, particularly from Portland to San Francisco."
"Flying first time with Virgin America LaGuardia to Dallas - experienced a 1 hour delay due to delayed departure from Dallas. The ground staff were very attentive and responsible on handling passengers while waiting for the plane to arrive. During the entire flight, the cabin crew were polite and nice and they were quite good at dealing with the kids onboard. Despite the slight delay and Dallas Love Field Airport location was not as expected, the overall performance was great."
"Virgin America customer service at Las Vegas check in counter is excellent. My husband and I tried to check in for returning to New York, not realizing our flight was a day ahead! A lady there kept the situation so cool and accommodate to rebook the flight for that day. On top of it, she somehow managed to cut our cost to zero. I have been traveling for many years yet, I have never experienced such curtesy and professional serives from any of the airlines. The Virgin America staff made us feel so safe and made her ways to clean up our mess. Virgin America - we really appreciate your help!!"
"San Francisco to Los Angeles, this was an excellent flight on a very good airline. I like Virgin America with their modern, simplistic approach with a focus on the things that matter and not others which cost money. The plane was modern, clean and streamlined with intimate lighting for an early evening flight from SFO to LAX. The service was friendly appreciating that at this time most of the passengers just want to relax. I was very impressed with Virgin America and will fly with them again."
"Great customer service. I flew on an almost full Virgin America flight from La Guardia to Dallas Ft Worth. The flight crew was very friendly and captain was communicative throughout. The Red entertainment system is usually great, but mine malfunctioned about 1 hour into the flight. The crew attempted to reset the system but it continued to malfunction. I was offered a seat change, but declined since it would have been a middle seat instead of my aisle. The lead crewmember cancelled my Red charges and upon landing, Virgin sent an email with Travel Bank for an upgrade on my next flight. I spoke with customer service about changing my seat on another flight and it was very easy to move. It is always so nice to talk to a friendly person on the phone who is equipped to solve problems."
"Thank you Virgin America agents for everything and for your amazing service. My mom and dad who don't speak English at all were in a terrible situation of possibility to miss their connecting flight to Moscow if not for the Virgin America agents who helped them to collect their luggage and guide them through terminals! SFO to9 LAX Virgin America flight was delayed due to some mechanical problems and arrived at LAX 3 hours later than it was supposed to be. So they arrived at LAX an hour before their international flight to Moscow! I thought I was gonna die having to deal with all of that. I called Virgin America customer service and a very nice gentlemen sent a message to the plane crew that 2 passengers were running late to their next flight and need assistance! There are no words to explain how grateful I am for your help! Virgin America have the best service!"
"Christmas Eve-Dallas Love to SFO. A fabulous experience! Movie, unique music playlist. Flight on time. Serene competent crew. Black rain clouds smooth landing. Virgin America my brand preference in the future. Thank you for a wonderful flight."
"I was flying with Virgin America today and I was impressed. The seat comfort was amazing. Being 6/7, flying is not always easy. However, VA had lots of space for my legs and seats felt like being made for my size. It felt very comfortable. Even the headrest was high enough (which did not happen to me yet and I am a frequent flyer). Neither Lufthansa, Singapore Airlines and others had this comfort. The entertainment system offered everything you wanted. Movies, music, games, food and drink orders. In general, the plane seemed very modern. When ordering a gin tonic (the 50ml gin bottle was told to cost 8$, which is a regular price for short haul flights) they offered me 2 for 1 bottles. Soda was free. As I bought my ticket via Skypicker and had a connection flight, I cannot tell how much the single flight was which makes it difficult to state anything about value for money. Ground service was very solid and friendly, no complaints. Cabin staff could have been a little bit more friendly. When I was asking for an emergency exit seat (one emergency exit row was kept empty as any passenger could upgrade their seat for $150, which I think is a lot, especially having that great seat comfort, which I did not know at that time), the cabin staff was not overly friendly, however, they have not been rude at any time. Altogether, I would absolutely recommend Virgin America, at least when they are using the plane I was flying in. Thank you Virgin America for this experience!"
"Virgin America from Washington Dulles to San Francisco. The in-flight entertainment was good and cabin crew very friendly. The seat back monitors allowed you to order drinks right then and there. The drinks are free, and although the food is not, the prices are very reasonable. Seats are comfortable, as for leg room, I am only 5'8\" so I don't really have problems with leg room, but from the looks of it, somebody of average height would have a good amount of leg room. The ground crew were nice and the check-in was smooth and fast. The only remotely negative things about Virgin America are that the remotes are a bit challenging to use (just me being picky) and that it is more expensive than most airlines for a transcontinental, domestic flight. With that being said though, you get what you pay for and the service was great!"
"After so many horrible flights on American Airlines, I really wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised how nice this Virgin America flight was. I am not a fan of the Australian Virgin offering, but this was a flight with friendly and warm crew, excellent entertainment, a new and clean aircraft, and a comfortable seat. I don't think I will waste my time and money with AA anymore after some of the rudest airline service I have ever encountered. This was a very comfortable and modern flight."
"This is the first time we have flown Virgin America and we were really impressed. We usually fly business class on another airline. It was a new plane and we were main cabin select right behind first class. There was not a wall but a colored glass partition. Plenty of room, free food and drinks. Everyone had their own computer for music, movies, tv and to order food and drinks. Food and drinks were free in main cabin select as well as internet until March of next year. Good food, good service, plenty of room. Similar plane on the way home."
"I flew Virgin America 3 times within three weeks from CHI to SFO and back. The first trip was on Virgin America because it was the cheapest. The second was because I was extremely impressed with the quality of the airline. I flew American on one of those legs due to a last minute obligation on my part and Virgin America is a league above. The leg room is plentiful and seats are comfortable; I'm 6'4\" and didn't feel cramped at all. JetBlue, Virgin America and Turkish are the only 3 airlines where I fit comfortably in economy class. There are also power outlets at each seat. Every seat has its own TV screen with plenty of free and paid media options. You can order food and drinks through the TV, a very slick system and much preferable to the old call button approach. Soft drinks are free, but all food must be paid for. However it's reasonable. I paid $13 for a small bottle of champagne and a generous cheese, meat and veggie platter. The staff is very friendly and the cabin has trendy purple and blue mood lighting, modern music and an \"interesting\" safety music video en lieu of the typical demonstration. It's a fun approach to the staid airline protocol we're used to. Overall I was very impressed and would pay a bit more to fly Virgin America when possible."
"We flew JetBlue to San Francisco due to a massive credit. JetBlue is also our airline of choice for vacation. However, JetBlue's times for San Francisco to Boston were not very compatible with our schedule, so we decided to fly Virgin America back. Check-in was fast, and before we knew it, we were at the gate with 1.5 hours before boarding. We went to a restaurant conveniently located next to the gate and returned with 15 minutes before boarding. Boarding went quickly too, and when we got on the plane, the cabin was lit up in deep purples and blues. I found that the entertainment was not quite as impressive as JetBlue's, but it was still good. The food selection could also have more variety. But those were not big problems, because the Gulfstream shortens the flight by an hour and were in Boston in 5.5 hours. Virgin only has one gate at Logan and it is located near baggage claim, which was nice because it was 11.30pm. Overall, my first flight on Virgin America was a success."
"When I flew with VX I was impressed, however there were a few problems. My screen froze a lot, and my seat barely reclined. I did like that there was a good selection of music and that you could watch live tv. Overall the flight was great."
"First time with this airline, one way from LAX to ORD in First Class. Plane clean, seats comfortable, staff friendly from beginning to end. The food was good, although the salad (while good) was a bit small portion-wise. Would fly them again."
"I had a wonderful experience flying with Virgin America. The flight was very affordable and was on time. The staff were fun and friendly. I would definitely fly with them again. They had screens on the back of the seats and free videos to select. Very entertaining."
"Flew on 9 May BOS-LAX on VX 365 and return 21 May on VX 366 first time flying Main Cabin Select and it's well worth paying the extra to do so maybe next time I'll get lucky enough to fly First Class. Flying in MCS gets you complimentary meals and non-alcoholic drinks and the meals offered are miles ahead of what any other U.S. carrier would offer. Cabin crews courteous and efficient both ways though a big letdown was when I couldn't charge either my iPod or iPad in an e-mail I received from VX Customer Relations they stated that too many devices charging at the same time results in a drain to the onboard power it is something they're working on and I received compensation for that inconvenience. I definitely would fly with them again despite the issues as they at least give you something for your trouble rather than telling you to scram."
"VX 927 LAX-SFO. Uneventful on-time flight good service value for money but free checked baggage only max 14 kg."
"Flew FLL to LAX earlier this month. We were flying back from a cruise. The flight was unfortunately delayed 90 minutes. Once on-board the pilot apologized sincerely and gave everyone unlimited movies through the in-flight entertainment system for their inconvenience. In a world where airlines strand passengers on the tarmac for 7 hours (United 4/18/15 with no apologies) its nice to know that at least one airline still cares for its customers. I am a loyal flyer!"
"On 8th March I flew Virgin America in economy from SFO to LAS for $49.00 return. Was looking forward to the flight and it proved to be a positive experience. I was a bit put off by the loud rock music blaring by the check-in kiosk and a rather indifferent ground attendant herding people to and from the check-in area. I feel that airports are confusing and loud enough without the added distraction of loud music. I liked the mood lighting onboard and flight and crew very pleasant although the safety video was entertaining but to me a tad playful. The baggage charge of $25.00 was expected and on my return on the 10th of March I upgraded to First for $89.00 so the baggage fee was waived. The seats in First are very comfortable and pre-take off drinks were served by a very pleasant stewardess. Value for money on Virgin America on this trip was great and if you have checked baggage do the upgrade-it's well worth it."
"I sat in Economy but paid the $30 to have expedited security and boarding privileges. I was seated in 4D right behind Economy Select. This is probably the best Economy cabin I've traveled in. Stylish comfortable decent amount of room (I'm 6'3\"). The staff are well-groomed and enthusiastic. There was some shenanigans on board with two parties who kept wanting to switch seats and the flight attendants handled it with humor and ease. I had a short flight under three hours so the complimentary entertainment options on RED were plenty for me. Also when I went to the restroom the flight attendant opened the door for me. When I went in it was quite large well lit and played spa music. Also when washing my hands the faucet actually stayed on long enough for me to wash my hands instead of me having to keep depressing it. Again a small thing but it's this list of small things about Virgin that have made me a loyal customer. I paid $49 for my trip from DC to Dallas. For $49 I got: excellent service comfortable economy seating and free entertainment. If I have to list one negative I'd say it's the fact that the remote control for the entertainment system is a bit challenging to use."
"SFO/LAX F 12/28/14 early morning flight - very good service but 'breakfast' is a joke - trying to be cute with tiny squares of cheese 1/2 strawberry etc. - a bowl of cheerios would be much better. I like their style but hate the food offerings (have only flown SFO/LAX and v.v.)."
"LAX-DAL in Main Cabin Select 08/12/14. We checked in online and utilized the express bag drop at LAX. There was a short line and we were attended to promptly by a cheerful agent. Main Cabin Select comes with priority security so we sailed through the TSA line. T3 at LAX is rather dour though this isn't VX's fault. Boarding started on time and we pushed back a few minutes early. The safety video is cheesy and gets annoying pretty quickly but otherwise service was excellent. FAs weren't exceptional but they were friendly and efficient and I personally think all airlines should adopt the in-seat ordering system for food and beverages you select whatever you want at your leisure and an FA brings it to you within a couple of minutes. Leather seat was comfortable and had plenty of legroom thanks to the bulkhead. Snacks were of good quality and the meal I ordered was tasty but not excessively heavy. We landed nearly 15 minutes early and we were in our car and on our way about 20 minutes after landing. Main Cabin Select is a good value as it includes one checked bag priority boarding and security and food and drink at no extra charge. We were impressed with VX will consider them more often now that they've beefed up service from Dallas."
"I flew from LGA-DAL in their infancy of their LaGuardia to Dallas-Love Field route. Going through security at LaGuardia was quick and smooth. Never had any problems. Virgin's gate is the diamond in the rough of what is Terminal B in LaGuardia. Boarding was on time for both ways of the flights. The seats in Economy Class were fair and decently spacious with its leather exterior and cushion. The DISH Network with the regular channels sufficed for me both ways. The ability to order drinks at my seat was a first but very interesting. You select your desired drink and the attendants bring it to your seat. It was a great experience flying Virgin. No fuss no muss. Definitely get your bang for the buck."
"San Francisco to Washington/DCA Nov 8-Nov 11. Both ways boarded early and left the gate early. Our flight attendant started us off with whatever drink we wanted before the people in main cabin were even onboard. The nice mood lighting and the seats that go almost all the way was excellent. The airlines Red system is excellent and fast. Right after takeoff with a hot towel then onto warmed nuts next was a smoked turkey orange and pistachio salad which was very yummy. For my main course I had a filet mignon which was very juicy and cooked perfectly. Also the flight attendant came around often with great snacks. Will be flying Virgin America more often!"
"Flight 27 - JFK to SFO on November 11 2014. Check-in was a breeze. TSA pre-check was a breeze. Seats were in economy. Inflight service was very good. Staff on the ground and in-flight were courteous and friendly. Finally and to my surprise baggage at SFO came out in what seems to be record time."
"LA -Seattle First Class Oct 11. A very comfortable nice experience. The snack lunch offered was perfect and nicely presented the service very nice and the seat just fine for a short flight but not good enough for a trans con in my opinion. One important note the tragically hip safety announcement has to go. It is jarring loud and actually encourages one to not pay attention to important information. I understand the attempt but the execution is embarrassing."
"Oct 1st LAX-LAS in First. Great experience although disappointed that VX chooses to disclude a few routes from access to its lounge at LAX as they are considered short haul. Did not know that U.S. domestic coast to coast flights were considered \"long\" haul and thus given access to lounges. I just think passengers choosing to fly First have different needs for travel and throwing them to Starbucks and Burger King with 2000 other screaming passengers is not a bright idea especially as there are no other lounges to choose at the terminal VX flies from in LAX. Anyway once in air nice experience. Clean beautiful cabins smooth service and welcome champagne offered upon seating. On time and otherwise smooth experience."
"Just flew with Virgin America for the first time: SFO to ORD. Boarding was done efficiently and we left early. Flight was very smooth and we arrived early. Captain came around and introduced himself (a first for me!). Our flight attendant was very professional and made sure all our needs were met. I liked the soothing cabin lighting and the wide selection of movies. I highly recommend this airline they have brought back the fun of flying."
"We were flying from San Francisco to Philadelphia. The first thing I saw when we checked our bags in was how nice the staff were and there was peaceful music on with colorful seats. In a good mood we started to board. I noticed they had screens on the back of seats were you could watch TV play games and order food and drinks. It was the best flight I have taken! I will be coming back."
"Flew VX 928 on 24 Aug 14 SFO-LAX. The aircraft was clean and the ground and cabin staff were helpful. On a flight of 1 hour were offered only snacks from the basket which meant potato chips candy bars etc. The pre- flight safety video was quite annoying as it was more or less a sing-song of instructions to follow with a rap- type beat."
"Flew LAX - SFO 19 Aug in Main Cabin. The short flight was on time the aircraft clean and the staff very friendly. The leg room was also sufficient - my wife struggles with some seats on other airlines as she has long legs - no problems here. A great experience and thoroughly recommended."
"Flight 805 and 136 on August 16 2014. My first time on Virgin America. I only had a 35 min. layover in San Francisco. We all know what that means or usually means: missed connecting flight long layover into wee hours of the night bags on different plane. The gate attendant told me \"not to worry\". The flight from Portland was 30 min. late leaving we arrived in San Francisco just as my flight was scheduled to leave. To my amazement an airport attendant was doing down the ramp and called out my name. When I answered she said: \"Follow Me. Your flight is waiting for you!\" Sure enough she walked me to my gate and on I went. Seat was still available (amazing). A place for my overhead bag right by my seat (even more amazing). As I buckled in I noticed there was not only a place to plug in my iPod but a screen at each seat with a remote so you weren't poking the person in front of you all the time! I was able through the programs to select a beverage any time I wished and they brought it asap! The icing on the cake was that my bag was transferred to my plane in that short window of time and it was one of the first to pop out of the chute! I will be booking on Virgin American for all possible future flights."
"SEA-LAX in Y on an A319. Good inflight service from the crew and an early arrival into LAX. Inflight safety video certainly got our attention."
"Sydney Australia to Philadelphia USA via Hilo and Maui Hawaii. My trip started at Sydney business class on Hawaiian airlines I'm a Platinum member and have been for countless years I was met in the business line by the always attentive and friendly station manager who made sure I had no hiccups in checking in and off and had a good meal and few drinks in Air NZ lounge. Flight was nice wasn't the best crew but they were professional and consistent. Arrive Honolulu get through customs quickly and managed to transfer to an early inter island flight a perk for being platinum. 1st class Hilo to Maui quick 49min flight all on time. LAX to Philadelphia - this was my first time in first class and it will not be my last - great crew and food. The staff were all polite professional and helpful. My return trip was quick smooth check-in at Philadelphia. I took main cabin select as first was full this too is a great product food and drinks included and delivered via an order system built into your TV screen. Wifi was very cheap - 11 dollars for 3 hours."
"SFO to JFK on 7/24/14 and JFK to SFO on 7/28/14. Check-in (baggage drop) was uneventful and went quickly. Counter staff were courteous. Both flights went well. Pleasant attentive flight crew. Seats were comfortable for me but I am not particularly tall or overweight. There was enough free content on the seat back entertainment system to keep me occupied on the cross country flights. Having a dedicated AC electrical outlet ensured that my I-Pad stayed functional."
"LAX-PHL October 2013. Hawaiian Air booked our flight since they don't fly to Philadelphia they did the leg LAX- PHL on Virgin America. We upgraded and paid I believe an extra $129 for the one way upgrade for a flight that would be 5 hours and a little more. This was one of the best things we spent money on we got to pick the very first row after first class its separated by a see through partition. We also got more leg space early boarding lots of entertainment to pick from. Prior to the flight spoke to several CSR on the phone and everyone I spoke to was very nice and professional. Since we upgraded we got unlimited food and drinks you just order on the screen in front and its delivered to your seat in a timely manner. The selections were very good. The flight attendants were pleasant."
"Flight from LAX flight number 781 6/21/14-6/25/14. My first time on this aircraft and I loved it. The seats were comfortable and the TV sets were excellent! The flight attendants were friendly and attentive. I would recommend."
"June 13th VX321 FLL-LAX. June 18thVX334 LAX-FLL. We heard so much about Virgin America and how they are the best to fly. When we departed the staff at the gate were not friendly. When we got on the plane to LA there was one very friendly flight attendant. The rest seemed annoyed. I ordered a Coke for my son and it never came so I asked a flight attendant she never came back with it then it was I guess 45 min. before landing and another attendant came around and when asked she said I need to order it on the screen and the ordering time was up I told her I ordered it on the screen over an hour ago and she acted like she didn't believe me so she checked my screen then went and got the drink. When going back home to Ft. Laud the ticket counter girl in LA was rude didn't tell us what gate to go to then the flight attendants were very rude - again as if they were annoyed to be there and the remote controls and TV screens were sticky and filthy. The good thing is that the pilot got us there and back on time as scheduled and it was a non-stop flight. I think Virgin America needs some serious Customer Service training implemented."
"Flew SFO-DCA and EWK-LAX in Main cabin Select. Very comfortable seats with additional legroom. The cabin crew were friendly on both sectors. I consider VA to be one of the best airlines I have flown with."
"SFO-LAX-MCO on 4/24/14 and return on 4/30/14. Overall good flights. Friendly attentive in-flight crews. Seats are comfortable enough for me. I believe they are slightly larger than on many other airlines. There are enough free entertainment options (Direct TV music) to keep me happy. The only problem encountered was not Virgin's fault - the Air Traffic Control system went down in Los Angeles on 4/30 and screwed up everything. Our 9.30pm departure from LAX to SFO ended up leaving at 1.35am. It would be nice if the FAA would get their act together."
"SAN-SFO-SAN. Apr 5 return Apr 6. Flights 961 there 960 back. Very pleased with our trip on VA. Nice little hummus / mozzarella / vegetable tray along with a snack basket selection on both flights. Comfortable seats and friendly cabin attendants. Both flights arrived early. Pilots gave first PA greeting on both flights - nice touch. Love the whole Virgin America ambience on board."
"Flew an evening flight from DFW to SFO on A320 non-stop. First time on Virgin overall pleased with the flight. Amble leg room seating good food good service great IFE was very good compared to others which had none. Highly recommend and would fly again fare hard to beat."
"Disappointed with a round-trip SFO-LAX-SFO in Main Cabin Select - food selection is pretty pathetic - the 'Hearty Meal' is a box containing a tiny bag of some kind of chips/crisps about 4 slices of salami and a little pot of something else. Service was generally very good on both flights - but again my unfortunate neighbor tried to order a snack on the menu that apparently was not available - the flight attendant said 'only what's on the menu on the screen' - his choice was included in the on-screen menu! It was a long day and so the lighting did nothing for me but the general atmosphere is much better than UA and I would probably choose them again. Thankfully they have upgraded their sparkling wine since my last flight with them a few years ago!"
"LAX to Dulles October 2013. This was my first trip on Virgin America and I will save the additionally money to fly with them next time. I love being able to order food/drinks on the interactive screen and watch the news as well credit card automatically charged for any expenditures and the information is deleted after the flight hits close to your destination. The seat I had was an aisle one and very comfortable really it seemed like just after we took off it was time to buckle down for landing. The only thing I can find to criticize has nothing to do with Virgin it has to do with Dulles it's quite a trip from the main lobby where Virgin is located to the actual gate involving elevators and a subway train ride."
"IAD to SFO on 2/11/14. Friendly courteous and attentive cabin crew and staff at check-in counter. Everything went well. Baggage claim at SFO seemed to take a bit longer than usual."
"SFO to IAD on 2/6/14. Check-in was quick. Friendly agent at check-in counter. Boarding went quickly. Attentive and friendly cabin crew. Flight arrived early (tail winds). Bags were already in baggage claim by the time we got there from the aircraft. Great experience from start to finish."
"Flew in Sept 2013 from LAX to JFK. My mother and I were very impressed and we felt at home after flying Virgin Australia domestically within Australia. The 2 airlines are very similar. Nice new plane clean interior with mood lighting. Wide selection of food available to purchase at a reasonable price. Nice smooth flight across the country. Whizzed through check-in early morning flight in LA. We love that the planes all have quirky funny names!"
"SFO-SJD-SFO main cabin going main cabin select return. Both flights left on time and arrived 15-30 minutes early. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful despite grumbling from some passengers on the fully booked flights. The extra legroom in main cabin select was well worth the additional cost."
"SF Vegas LA. Two short but great flights in first class. Light delicious snacks extremely comfortable seats and eager to please staff on the ground and in the air. This is how it should be done up front."
"I flew on flight 720 from Dallas to San Francisco and I had a great experience. The flight attendants were excellent check-in was great and the flight left on time! Satisfied customer."
"Flew from BOS-SFO-BOS and continue to be impressed it's definitely a cut above the competition. Nice new planes with comfortable leather seats and cool lighting. Crews are always friendly. Good selection of both free satellite TV and pay per view. Also love the online ordering on the seatback TV but wish they stocked just a few more fresh food options (usually you get a choice of a couple of light options such as wraps and salads but wish they would have more substantial choices to choose from). Also the powerports at every seat really makes a difference. One small detail that is easily overlooked but which I greatly appreciate is the Google Maps feature that tracks where your plane is. Unlike other airlines (JetBlue and Frontier) who keep on interrupting the Map View every few seconds with their annoying ads the Virgin version is ad-free."
"Flew on their 09.50 service from JFK to Las Vegas on 5th October. This was my first experience of VA and they were brilliant. The flight attendants were friendly helpful and polite. The cabin was pristine and the mood lighting added to the whole ambience of calm. If this is typical of the airline then what a fantastic product and I look forward to flying with them again."
"BOS-SFO. Inbound flight was great. Traveling Main Cabin Select was worth the extra money. All entertainment food drinks and baggage was included. I loved the priority security. My one complaint was that on the return flight they turned off the ordering system about 2 hours prior to landing. It really negated the free food and drinks. They did offer a bottle of water though."
"VA 752 from LAX to SFO was scheduled to depart at 11.20pm but was delayed because the clouds were below 2000ft which it can't so SFO close the airport. Departure was pushed back to 12.30pm and Virgin did not inform us until we reached the gate. We boarded the plane finally and right back into the delay segment again same problem with SFO. However the captain and the crew was excellent and displayed true professionalism and great service. Captain went about and personally informed passengers of the problem and the FA made jokes which cheered us up. Delays continued as we sat on the tarmac for another 1 hr before we finally took off at 3.20pm. Without the positive attitude from its FA this flight would be miserable but luckily it was not."
"LAX-EWR on 22/6/13 for a red-eye and returned 19/7/13 with an EWR-LAX flight in the late afternoon. Overall Virgin has proved to have better service better planes and an overall better atmosphere than the likes of American Airlines and United when I have flown in the past. Their fee policy wasn't bad compared to other airlines. For the most part at least water and soda were free. The cabin crews had no problem on either flight providing me these at all. From baggage drop-off to disembarkation Virgin provided a quality service. The one caveat I had was having to use the rear-lavatory each flight because the front is reserved for First Class only. Because I paid $30 for Main Cabin Express (it's worth it despite this) I feel it to be a slap in the face to exclusively use the read one when the front is less of a hassle. As far as the seats go they are the most comfortable I have ever sat in for an aircraft. I always had smelly or worn fabric when flying American. Plus I wasn't scrunched up in Economy with Virgin coming from a 6ft guy. All that really mattered to me is that I was able to get free drinks (with no hassle from stewards) my baggage came back in one piece I could actually recline a little and sleep comfortably and I didn't miss my favourite primetime shows while in the air!"
"First time on this airline but am very impressed clean customer friendly plane and the crew were very friendly interactive with passengers and let you know they appreciated your business. Flew from Vegas to Frisco then on to Portland OR. At all 3 places there was always a VA staff member to see if they could help or get you something. Had a 2 hour layover in SF and I was in a wheelchair someone came about every 15 to 20 mins to see if I needed to go anywhere or get anything."
"Return flight from Los Angeles to Orlando. Checked in very early and upgraded to Main Cabin Select. Upgrade includes a checked bag a free head set and unlimited food drinks and movies on demand onboard. The extra leg space was a God send / see previous review. Flight was not completely full but still slight delay in departure plus a very long drive around LAX to a runway on the other side of the airport. All female inflight staff were efficient but lacked the warmth of the crew on my outbound flight. Capt. came on early to discuss weather issues en route which was greatly appreciated as the flight took a long strange journey to Orlando and arrived about 15 minutes late. The crew on this flight did not make an announcement for last calls before they shut down the ordering system and unlike the first crew at some points gathered in the rear galley to chit chat. Crews on both flights did not tidy up the restrooms which were always in great demand. I highly recommend upgrading to Main Cabin Select especially for cross country flights on Virgin America."
"Traveled from Newark to LAX. I don't particularly enjoy flying but was comforted by the soft lighting and happy faces on the attendants. The service was great. The seats were definitely roomier than any other airline that I've been on. Captain's updates timely and comforting. Food - no complaint. Also took Virgin back from LAX 2 weeks later. Same great service seats attendants cleanliness."
"Orlando-Los Angeles. I arrived early at the airport plenty of staff on hand and baggage was accepted without a wait. Flight was packed without a single empty seat. Boarding is done by Cabin Special needs and zones and quickly turned into a scrum. The seats while stylish looking are very close together. They are much more narrow than they look. I'm a big guy at 6'2\" 235lbs and just getting into my seat I found it an impossibly small space. With a small personal item under the seat there is zero space. Thankfully during flight I could take it out from under the seat and it was not so bad. The crew for this flight mostly male with a single female serving were on top of their game. The Red inflight system for entertainment and ordering was brilliant. First service is rather awkward traditional front to back then it's all on demand. The food I purchased was a great Pastrami Sandwich. Nothing seemed too much trouble for this crew. They politely advised in advance when they would shut down the ordering service so people could get last requests in. Flight was only a few minutes delayed in departure and landing. Virgins Terminal in LAX is almost exactly as it was when it belonged to TWA and Eastern. Baggage claim was noisy crowded and of limited space. Overall very happy with Virgin America and looking forward to my trip home."
"LAX-SFO: Simple flight made easier by a relaxed crew. Great entertainment system blankets and pillows and a nice flow of a small meal and after-meal snack plus plenty to drink. Flight crew was very attentive from the moment of boarding and remained friendly throughout. Never had a grumpy flight crew with Virgin which cannot be said for other domestic carriers. Really great if you're a fan of the SF Giants on this particular route as they show World Series highlights on the SF Giants channel."
"We flew back from LA to DFW on 7/9/13 and we absolutely loved VA. One of the best flights out of the 10 flights that we flew the prior week. They have music headphones and TV's behind every seat. I am someone that is scared of flying but I felt really at ease when flying Virgin. I would recommend it."
"DCA-SFO-DCA. One of the better cross-country flights that I've taken and added bonus of being non-stop. Boarding is a bit weird-front to back but airplane was new and clean. Young flight attendants were pleasant and a nice change from the surly FAs of the legacy carriers. Direct TV and audio free but movies headphones are extra. I'm a petite person(5 ft) and leg room and leather seat were roomy enough. Yes there is no free snacks but I brought food with me and ordered free drinks from the TV menu. All in all Virgin America is a great cross country airlines and I would fly with them again."
"SFO-EWR (round trip) 4/24-4/28. One of the better airlines I've flown for domestic. The seats were more comfortable than the other airlines I have been on (Delta American). Staff were pretty friendly although at times were not as available as I would have liked. The food I would order did come almost instantly which I was very impressed about. Overall nothing to really complain about the flight and airline itself. The only thing was the delay I had but it was made up for in the air and I actually arrived about 20 minutes earlier even with a 30 minute delay."
"Flew LAX to PHL with Virgin America for first time. Was very pleasantly surprised at how comfortable the flight was. I was not expecting Virgin to be such a great airline to fly with. I came equipped with plenty to entertain myself for these flights and found that I was not checking the time and waiting impatiently for arrival since I was comfortable and there was plenty to hold my attention with TV and WiFi. I always look for most economical flights and am disappointed when Virgin America is not one of them. I will fly Virgin to FT Lauderdale from LA this June and very happy about this. They will be my first choice from now on."
"Portland Or to LAX to ORL and it was one of the best economy flights I've taken in the US. The attendants were more than accommodating seats very comfortable and the aircraft was clean and seemed to be larger than other airlines. The flight crew were very nice. I will fly Virgin every chance I get."
"Flew IAD to LAX in economy. Good seat size wider than other airlines at 19.7 however seat pitch was 31 which is about average. It's slightly different than other airlines in that you have to use the touchscreen to order food or drinks and the FA would come in to your seat with your order. The plane A320 was modern. The IFE system included excellent channels and wide variety of music. Compared to other major carriers like United American and Delta Virgin is superior when it comes to in-flight services."
"LAX-SEA roundtrip. I travel to Seattle on business 3-4 times a year and ever since Virgin America began nonstop service on this route it's been my preferred airline. The service is professional seats are comfortable food and IFE are superior and when things do go wrong the staff are much more forthcoming than Alaska or United."
"From San Francisco to Las Vegas. Flight was very smooth. Served soft drinks. No delay at all. Cabin crew were helpful and hardworking. Nice journey for me. Flying time was only 1hr and 20 mins. Cabin design was very modern."
"First experience with VX and I was pleasantly surprised. I only flew between SFO and LAX but the staff and cabin ambience was decidedly different from others and when I needed to change my return the counter staff was delightful. The product is a notch above and the welcomes seemed far more genuine than I have experienced on other US carriers. A good choice."
"I have been flying the SAN-SFO route for over a year now. Compared to the other options I have VA is the best I have flown. Staff are great the terminal (in SFO) is better than most 5 star hotel lobbies in terms of available eateries cleanliness and overall ambience. I have had a couple late flights into SFO - but that can be chalked up to the ridiculous fog cover during the winter months."
"SFO-IAD-SFO on 2/6/13 and 2/13/13. Great flights both ways. Early arrivals at both Dulles and SFO. Flight attendants were courteous positive and helpful. Seats were comfortable. Baggage came out on carousel at SFO quicker than I expected or had experienced in the past."
"SAN-SFO. Admittedly this is an incredibly brief (under 2 hour) flight but everything about Virgin America impressed. Flight was cheap but the experience was better than first class in other airlines. Numerous entertainment options (with excellent satellite reception) comfortable seats very attentive staff and in SFO a terminal almost exclusively for the airline. The most pleasant flying experience in as long as I can recall."
"JFK-LAX. Flight delayed by almost 4 hours due to late arrival of the incoming aircraft (due to bad weather). Virgin compensated each passenger with a $50 credit for future travels with Virgin. I was quite impressed as the delay wasn't exactly their fault. I've flown with different domestic airlines and I found that Virgin has the friendliest and most helpful flight attendants. IFE is ahead of other airlines. I also love the cabin ambience and mood lightning. Highly recommended."
"We flew to Fort Lauderdale in December from Los Angeles round-trip. The new A320 aircraft's are very nice although a little small for a 5-6 hour journey. Return flight delayed extensively as staff were shuffling luggage from the aircraft belly to the overhead bins all in the name of aircraft balance and safe takeoff. The ritual lasted over an hour and not called for at all. The staff and attendants seemed cranky. Flights should not be overbooked and luggage balance issues should be solved outside the aircraft. Furthermore attendants and crew should be less cranky on a four star airline."
"New York (JFK) to Vegas. Best airline I've flown on (domestic or international). Very comfortable seats. Onboard has a nice modern look to it. Great entertainment system. You can order your snacks on a screen in front of you. You can pull out your laptop pay for satellite Internet (which works) and be connected the whole flight. Overall a fantastic airline."
"Flew ORD-SFO-LAX going out LAX-SFO-ORD going back. Longest layover was 3 hours. Seats were very comfortable on an A330 very nice retro look to the plane. Excellent customer service good value for the money. Both on the ground and on the plane VA staff friendly and helpful. Would definitely fly again."
"San Francisco to Washington DC in main cabin select Row 5 and back on same route 5 days later. The Red touch screen is far advanced over other US airlines. The ability to open a tab for meals snacks and entertainment selections make Virgin in a century beyond their domestic competitors. The service was excellent and on time departures and arrivals made the trip even better."
"Main cabin select (front row economy) from LAX to Seattle. Full flight but handled well by crew. Like the touch screen ordering of snack type food and drinks. Plenty available. Economy select are emergency exit and front economy seats resulting on more leg room. Worth the money if you get a good deal. Seat comfort okay."
"SAN-SFO-SAN in Main Cabin Select. Flight out was on A319 and flight back was on A320. Both planes were new and clean. Check-in at both airports was fast and easy with priority lanes. Priority lanes for security at both airports provided. Priority boarding honoured. Cabin crew generally friendly. Ample legroom in MCS with free AVOD food and beverages. No hot meals available on short flights. Mood lighting upon boarding was interesting but definitely made it harder to see seat numbers especially on evening or night flights. Both flights generally on time. Can't comment on luggage delivery as I only had carry-on. Overall a great product and definitely the best domestic US airline out there. It's a shame they don't have their own lounges but they'll probably be my first choice for flights in the US and they offer great value for money too."
"SFO-IAD-SFO on November 2 and 4. Great service from the staff both on the ground and in the air. While there is food for purchase in the main cabin there is a good selection. The roast beef sandwich is really quite good."
"PHL-SEA return via LAX. Pleasant flight attendants calming mood lighting and easy-listening music in the lavatories during flight. Although some of the hi-tech features on their seat-back entertainment system are not available yet there is certainly enough to keep one occupied and I can no longer accept doing a cross- country flight on any of the other \"greyhound of the skies\" US domestic services."
"I flew round trip on Virgin America from IAD to SFO. What truly pleasurable trip. Love the comfortable seats the entertainment system and the staff. After the abuse I have suffered on several other airlines recently Virgin America is going to be my first choice from now on."
"SFO-JFK. First class on A320. The check-in time was fast and efficient. The clubhouse lounge was nice and clean. Good selection of food and drinks. Flight attendants were OK for the flight. Seat was soft and comfortable. Entertainment system was a little complicated but had a good choice of movies. I slept for a bit but felt a little hard to sleep because it is a cradle seat. Food was good and their was a nice selection of drinks. I would recommend VA but I would suggest that they lower the price for First class a bit."
"LAX-SFO. The best airline for domestic flights. The IFE is expansive which includes the local channels and WiFi. Highly recommend."
"Very good airline and my favorite for domestic travel. I am a 2 million mile flier on United and I have now switched to Virgin America. I have flown seven round trips this year on Virgin. The food is very good compared to any other US domestic airline. The entertainment is fantastic. There is WiFi. The seats are reasonably comfortable. Although it does suffer from the same horrifically small legroom in economy class it is better than the majors."
"LAX-MCO-LAX. The planes are new crew friendly and the seats wide. This trip was the second time flying with them and have been impressed with the service."
"Short flight Las Vegas to San Francisco. Very comfortable seats in Economy. I enjoyed being able to watch ESPN coverage of the Open during the flight. Very short check-in queue at Las Vegas (other airlines nearby has long lines). A pleasant experience."
"Quick flight from Portland OR to San Francisco and back. Excellent staff they were genuinely nice but not overly scripted. Plane was very comfortable and entertainment is the best I've experienced."
"Flight from IAD to SFO on July 26. Baggage check-in was efficient. Counter staff were friendly. Aircraft was clean. Flight attendants were friendly and helpful. I was particularly impressed by their attentiveness to the unaccompanied minor (about 11 years old) who was seated on my row. Food was good (had a roast beef wrap). Seats were comfortable for me (I am not particularly tall). My one gripe was with the \"red system\" satellite TV - it had spotty reception and then no reception. The rest of the system (music movie etc.) worked fine so must have be a Dish Network issue."
"Checked baggage three pieces for two people were sent to Chicago instead of to Manchester UK resulting in three days of vacation without clothes. We had no carry on baggage. In SFO we booked baggage through Las Vegas on to Virgin Atlantic. Plane was clean and on time going and coming. Ticketing agent in Las Vegas on the 19th was rude and wrong. She said one bag was 10 lbs over. That bag had been weighed by Virgin Atlantic and our personal scale and was not. Finally a man came to our aid and re-weighed it and found that it was not overweight so we did not have to pay for it."
"SFO-PHL direct flight. Checking-in is a breeze using their kiosks and staff were proactive in helping everyone check-in (but watch out for those baggage fees). Seats were ok being they were a little cramped but they are made of comfortable leather. IFE gives you free music satellite TV (20 channels) as well as movies and TV episodes to purchase (but they were very limited). There are also various games for the kids and you could even chat with other passengers through your TV. My biggest complaint was that my IFE unit kept freezing and crashing during the flight plus the buttons are hard to press as well as very small. There is WiFi however it can cost as much as $20. Staff were friendly and helpful and offered to charge my iPad when our power socket did not work. I didn't purchase any food or alcohol but non-alcohol drinks are free. In short: Pros: Leather seats satellite TV music helpful staff relaxing cabin lighting fast check in. Cons: IFE crashes power sockets don't work lots of fees for wifi food alcohol and baggage."
"MCO-SFO 7/11/12. Not sure what I was expecting from this flight I guess being English I expect a 5+ hr flight to be treated as long haul and the service to match. Surprised when I saw they were using an A320 on this route by the end of this flight I struggled to straighten out. If you're over 6 feet tall I'd recommend paying for additional leg-room. Other than the leg room the seats were comfortable and the interior of the plane was very trendy. Mood lighting and condensation keeping the cabin relaxed with music whilst boarding gave a relaxing ambience. Entertainment system was impressive with a large range of on demand TV and movies (albeit at a charge). Being able to use the entertainment system throughout taxi take off and landing is a nice sensible approach. WiFi is pretty good and fast seems a little overpriced but it is a very fast service compared to other airlines carrying this feature. Main disappointment was that nowhere on my reservation did it mention there was no meal or snack provided during the flight so having boarded hungry I only managed to last 3 hours before purchasing a meal. Meals come as a large snack box which is very competitively priced at 7 dollars. Free soft drinks is a nice touch but alcohol is overpriced and being able to order drinks on demand from your seat is also handy when you're settled. Generally cabin crew were friendly and the pilot giving his announcement stood in the cabin adds to the edgy nature of end airline. Dressed down uniforms and a relaxed approach is a little different to other airlines but I think Virgin have found a good balance. All in all I would use them again but I wish they'd make a few of the inflight charges more obvious prior to ticket purchase. And 5 hours is a bit too long to be in such a small seat!"
"JFK to LAX in Main Cabin Select (Premium Economy). Flight time 6 hours. Priority check-in and boarding which is standard for PE however the added bonus of priority security was great. The cabin has purple mood lighting and leather seats - a nice change from the standard aircraft interiors of other US domestic carriers. Drinks and food can be ordered on your individual entertainment screens. Being Main Cabin Select all food and drink is free. I had a turkey sandwich which was very nice followed by pringles. Drink selection was very good - wide range of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Impressed to see Glenlivet scotch whiskey on the menu. Cabin staff were friendly and attentive. Entertainment options were solid. Overall a very positive flying experience - V America are a step above US and Australian domestic airlines."
"SFO to Fort Lauderdale main cabin. Bags dropped off quickly friendly agent. Boarding efficient people try to cram too many bags on to avoid paying $25 a bag for hold. Very friendly throughout cabin immaculate and brand new feel. TV good quality my regular headphones worked fine. Bought a rum for 6 bucks but water free and available throughout. Very impressed with the whole thing highly recommend! Lots of leg room even when seat reclined in front I'm 5ft 10. Cabin a bit cold but I like that. Bring a wrap or shawl."
"DFW - SFO and SFO - LAX. Brilliant airline civilised staff at check-in and in the air great value in economy seating and superb in-flight entertainment including the ability to order drinks and snacks using the touchscreen in front of the seat. Wifi service throughout the flight so I could work. Why is this so hard for other airlines to implement? The only thing that didn't work was the USB power socket under my seat and the only thing I didn't like was having to pay for the in-flight movie."
"LAX - Boston (R/T). Both legs exceeded my expectations. Everything customer oriented with comfort and ease in mind. Nice well maintained aircraft professional courteous attendants in flight and on the ground there when you need them. On board entertainment consistent with the modern world and food on demand and of a good quality. If I am offered more nasty one size fits all \"snack box\"!!! Thanks again Virgin. I'll fly no one else."
"LAX-SFO and SFO-ORD in early April 2012. Positives: check-in service at both airports was very professional. The planes were very clean the seats comfortable and there was more legroom than expected. On the other hand departure from LAX was delayed and there was very little information about the revised departure time and even which gate to wait at. Once onboard we waited for over one hour with very little explanation for the delay. Similarly on arrival at ORD the plane parked for over 45 minutes with very little explanation about when we could expect to disembark. I found that lack of communication to be quite frustrating and quite a contrast to the efficient experience in the air. I would use them again provided the price was right."
"One-way PHL-SFO. Since the airline was still new to Philadelphia the check-in line was completely empty. Onboard they offered noise cancelling headphones. The aircraft itself was new. The seats still pretty comfortable leather seats were a little stiff and wouldn't recline. The inflight entertainment seriously lagged when trying to play any of the games however the music and movie selection made up for it. Finally the staff were not only enthusiastic but they actually took the time to remember and refer to everyone by name."
"Two excellent flights from SEA-SFO then SFO-IAD a week later. SFO-IAD: easy check-in at home an efficient and airy terminal in SFO generally happy and helpful employees and a variety of entertainment options. I print boarding passes at home and don't check in luggage so I can't comment on the airport check-in process. My only gripe is the practice of blocking aisle and window seats from advance seat selection essentially forcing the customer to pay extra for \"premium\" or exit row seats. On both flights I managed to change to window seats so I know the airlines are deliberately blocking them in the hopes of generating extra revenue. Employees are aloof."
"San Francisco to San Diego in so-called \"First\" class. Compared to other North American carriers much newer airplane and better seat. However nothing special if you apply international standards. Only 3 guests in First but dedicated stewardess preferred to read a magazine rather than pay attention to customers we had to press the call button whenever we wanted anything. Flight was around 90 mins but 30 mins before landing they stopped serving alcohol. Snack platter was lovely for this short flight but drinks pretty cheap and nasty."
"PSP-SFO-LAX overnight in San Francisco. On each flight ground and cabin staff were friendly professional and considerate. Seats were comfortable and I found many no-cost entertainment options. Non-alcoholic drink service was good in that they leave the drink can or give a generous filling as opposed to my previous experiences on similar carriers. Aircraft was well maintained and the ambience soothing with the cabin lighting."
"The best US domestic airline service available. Family flew Chicago to Las Vegas via San Francisco return. Staff pleasant and helpful at both ends. Interior of plane was new and clean. Entertainment system in seatbacks is superb - some movies and visuals are pay per view but the entire music selection is free. It's good to order food and drinks from your seatback and have them delivered to your seat. Staff wear interesting uniforms and pilots greet on arrival and departure. They offered the cheapest fares for the route and San Francisco is a fabulous airport in which to spend a couple of hours."
"Roundtrip BOS to SFO. Plenty of leg room. Inflight entertainment was very good. Really enjoyed the Sat TV and the on demand shows and movies. Flight crew were polite and helpful. Free soft drinks but no free food not even nuts or pretzels. Got in about 30 minutes early going out and on time coming back. Their prices were lower or comparable with other airlines."
"DFW to LAX. Great flight. Crew friendly and enthusiastic. First class seat very comfortable. Lots of personal space for a domestic cabin. Food of high standard. Overall a superior product when compared to most of the US carriers I have previously flown."
"BOS-SFO direct. Could be worse could be better. Pretty good leg room seats uncomfortable. You have to pay for: all food most drinks all movies TV on demand headphones checked luggage. Free: sodas coffee and tea water satellite TV games music carry-on luggage."
"DFW to SFO. I loved the fact you could watch TV and use the Wifi without having to pay extra. I also found that the personnel at the check in counter along with flight attendants were more pleasant than any I have encountered. The only issue that I found with Virgin America is that it does not fly everywhere. I had a connecting flight from DFW to Austin with American and they were not able to handle my bags so I had to re check in and go through security again once I arrived to DFW."
"LAX to DFW. Delayed 2 hours due to weather disrupting schedules. The departure gate was chaotic as passengers were asked to check cabin bags as the flight was full and cabin space was at a premium. Boarding was uneventful and the first class cabin is roomy seats are large and comfortable. Great recline particularly for long domestic sectors. IFE easy to navigate and a good selection of programs. Meal was tasty and the crew friendly and efficient. My concern surrounded the check-in staff checking your mobile while checking in passengers is not professional. Priority tag was not attached to my luggage which I discovered after waiting for my luggage in Dallas. Virgin America offers a great inflight product but their ground crew and reservation system must be addressed if the virgin brand is to represent a consistent product across all their subsidiaries."
"ORD-SFO. Flew priority select to SFO return in economy. Plenty of leg space in priority select. Snacks meals and drinks can be ordered at no cost using video screen. Once flight attendants made initial run through they were quick bringing drinks and snacks. Seating in economy comparable to most airlines snacks charged at usual airline costs and the selection less than in priority. Planes were new which is much appreciated after flying the old tubs American and Delta fly."
"LAX to DFW in seat 10F return in seat 20D. Booked regular economy but when checking in online offered an upgrade to Main Cabin Select. Flight attendants smiling and walking up/down the aisle asking what they can do for you. For the return no upgrades available but the economy leg room was at least 1-2 inches more than AA Delta or United. Ambient lighting and sound leather seats and plastic seat backs with clean trays. Baggage pickup in LAX was fast. Personal video monitor for music TV movies etc. Food was a step above some other airlines."
"LAS-SFO on Airbus A320. Boarding was far too early and disorganised for a plane this small. Having said that the flight did leave about 3 minutes early. Leg room was generous but the seats were a little thin cramped and short in the legs. The inflight entertainment system was good with a decent sized screen though many options were not available free of charge. Drinks are provides complimentary though no food was provided. The flight attendants were young but generally quite rude and arrogant. The cabin ambience was comfortable flight arrived early due to good weather. Overall easily the best airline in USA."
"BOS-LAX. My wife and I travelled to Los Angeles. The flight crew were happy and sincere. They cared about the jobs and were happy to answer any questions. Each seat had their own 8\" monitor to watch TV movies listen to the radio Videos on Demand view a GPS of the plane and weather conditions and to order food (great selection). All payable with a credit card on your monitor. The plane was clean and comfortable. The trip west arrived 30 minutes early. The flight back to Boston was just as pleasant but quicker."
"LAS-SFO. Probably the best domestic business class flight we've had. From the ground service to the service in the air everything was good. Food was great as was the IFE."
"LAS-SFO-half empty plane on a Tuesday. Loved the leather seats 32\" seat pitch was okay because seats are thin and comfy. Lighting was cool. FAs friendly and not seeming bored serving in the back of the plane."
"I was travelling with family and we were late. The ticket counter reps at Virgin America did a great job. They helped get my family (wife and 2 small ones) on board and set me up with a later flight with our luggage (we were too late to check the bags). They were very friendly professional and helpful. Plane has comfortable seats leg room (even in coach) and the individual screens make flying a joy. The fares we had were very good as well."
"Food ordering system from the screen was down. Heard the flight attendant saying she disabled the system for a break. You have to pay for your first checked bag. Red Entertainment system great with plenty of movies on demand. I don't really care for the mood lighting wifi on every flight but it didn't work either."
"JFK-LAX in Economy. Uneventful flight - very punctual but you have to pay for everything. A good budget airline with innovative ordering from your screen. Crew cheerful baggage available reasonably promptly. I would use them again but may prefer the First Class cabin to experience the whole thing."
"Virgin is a very good domestic choice. Staff are friendly smart and helpful. People seem to take pride in their work and have helped with every concern I have had. Their Economy product is very good quality yes you pay out of pocket for everything but it's worth it."
"LAX to DFW. The plane a new A320 was pretty full. The crew were very good. Great entertainment system with wifi and satellite TV. You could order snacks and drinks from your seat via the IFE system. Nothing was too much bother for the staff. A nice touch was the Pilots coming out of the cockpit at the end of the flight to thank everyone for flying with them."
"SEA-LAX Economy. Nice new plane (A320) pink and blue lighting made for a very pleasant ambience. Flight attendants were very friendly. Great value product."
"Flight from Orlando to San Francisco. First time flying with Virgin America. The aircraft was an A320. Well maintained extremely clean not a single piece of trash or anything on the ground. I love the IFE you can just select a movie and watch it. You also have music games and live TV available. Food was great and the flight attendants were fantastic. I especially like the RED system where you can select something that you want to eat or drink and a couple of minutes later one of the flight attendants brings it to you. It's great value for money and I definitely recommend it to anybody who considers flying with them. I am 100% positive I will be flying them again."
"MCO-SFO-MCO. Great flight and great service. Love the wi-fi and that you can order food/drink from your seat. Virgin America bring back the enjoyment of flying. Look out legacy carriers."
"Fantastic experience on both legs A319 Las Vegas-NYC and NYC-LAX on A320. Clean newish planes mood lighting comfortable leather sets and decent legroom on a domestic route. Was very impressed with the captains speech in full view of passengers solid service and the ability to order snacks throughout the seat through the RED system. The IFE was more than generous with numerous free programs and fairly recent movies to purchase. Friendly ground crew at all locations and the male FA's were far more restrained than the Australian FAs we get with Virgin Australia. Americans finally get a domestic service that Australians have had for years."
"SFO-LAX-SFO. First time flying Virgin America and it was a great experience. The website was simple and easy to use. The FA's were extremely courteous and polite and the pilots were funny. The A320 had great legroom the cabin was well maintained and the IFE was had lots of music movies games and live TV. On the way back I asked to be put on standby for an earlier flight and the gate agent did it for me in a polite and respectful manner none of the nonsense you get from United or American. And considering the price they offer I definitely will fly Virgin America in the future."
"What a great experience! I flew from SFO-Orlando Florida. My seat ended up being between two rather large women and the one on the aisle was unable to stand up to let me get to my seat. The steward decided with me that rather than embarrass the aisle passenger we would wait until the plane was loaded and change my seat. I was moved to the front bulkhead seat given a free sandwich for the inconvenience I experienced (which to me was not an inconvenience at all). Well done Virgin America! You took me back to a time when an airline passenger was important and treated very well!"
"JFK-LAX Main Cabin Select one way. Allowed two checked bags as it was booked on the same ticket as my international flight on V Australia. Loved what Virgin America offer especially the ability to order food and drink (free on this fare) from the IFE and then it magically comes to you soon after. IFE was also packed with plenty of music and movies etc. Very good experience they offer and present an excellent product."
"SEA-SFO A319/320. Check in and boarding efficient. Flight attendants courteous and professional. I found economy seats comfortable for a 90 minute flight - good leg room. Cabin clean and well maintained. Virgin is a unique product in the US vs the main line carriers."
"LAX-FLL-LAX round trip. Service was top notch with boarding efficiency inflight service food and IFE well above US standards. Virgin America is the only US airline whose premium economy and first class products are enough of an upgrade over economy to be actually worth the extra money on all flights."
"Virgin America just started flying out of ORD so I expected glitches. Not too many tho. Two major things to work on. The system for pre-printing boarding passes kept locking up. Going to SFO was fine returning it was impossible to print out. System kept locking up. Cost me money each time I tried but was never able to do it. Had to have an agent do it at the ticket counter. Seats were roomy enough planes clean."
"SFO to FLL travelling with infants. Plane new and clean. Flight attendants professional pleasantly surprised at good amount of leg room. Loved the individual screen for shows and ability to order a beverage from my seat. I'm most grateful for the flight attendant that opened the bathroom door for me and pulled down the infant changing table - as my arms were full of a baby and a diaper bag."
"LAX-JFK return. Virgin America straddles a weird and fairly confusing space between full- service and budget but is surely the most innovative airline in the US. So many simple touches - playing music at check-in captain farewelling passengers and explaining delays at the boarding gate instead of check-in staff ordering food from seat-back screen. The legroom is fine by domestic standards but would be tight internationally. My flight over was without incident but the flight back was cancelled. This is where Virgin America completely fell apart. They could not handle the mess of 180 angry passengers trying to get out of New York. Despite sprinting back to the check-in desk it took them 3 hours to get me a hotel and food voucher and they couldn't tell me when I could fly next but said they would call. They never did and it was up to me to contact them to try and get to LAX. There was no communication - we were not told the ticketing system was down - to us it appeared that they were just incredibly slow taking an hour to process each passenger. The airport hotel was excellent and they were able to get me to LAX via SFO less than 24 hours later."
"Flew from Las Vegas and loved the fact I could upgrade for less than $500. The plane was a bit worn but very comfortable. The attendants were very nice. The only complaint I have is the food was by far the worst I've been served on any airline. I pretty much starved as I could not eat what was served. Even the bread rolls were stale and not good. So please whoever is in charge of food service do something about it."
"My partner and I were blown away by the friendliness professionalism and dedication of the cabin crew on this flight. Not only did they present us with a bottle of red wine (signed by the entire crew) to congratulate us on our recent wedding but the head attendant came to the baggage claim to return my jacket which I stupidly left on board."
"JFK to SFO round trip staff professional and friendly. The flight on the way to SFO was only about 70% full which was nice and the flight attendants seemed to take extra time to make sure passengers were happy and were enjoying the flight. I enjoyed the satellite TV and the reasonably priced wifi. On the return flight (a red eye) the check in staff were especially friendly and helpful enjoyed the snack served and managed to get some sleep. The mood lighting is actually helpful. I would even pay a bit more to fly them over other carriers out of JFK."
"JFK to SFO. Booked main cabin select for extra leg room (+ one free case priority boarding priority check in and some free food / drink) - 6 hours before (in the middle of the night) we upgraded to first for $160 each. The money was well worth it due to the luxury of 2x2 seating for the first two rows only. However like a lot of flights you're at the mercy of your neighbours - in our case a mother and child who were loud. 1 hour delay announced at the gate at JFK where staff were indifferent beyond belief. They didn't really know what was going on and in the end we left over two hours late. There were some nice touches- lighting in the cabin music in the rest rooms pilot doing his briefing from the cabin. The flight attendants were very pleasant quite informal and helpful. The food in first wasn't really up to scratch. A salad main dessert. (and free drinks on request) followed by nothing - I'd expect a second snack at least. Although the seat was roomy there were no obvious instructions for the seat and it was trial and error to work out the best config to rest in. WiFi was NOT free and cost $11.95 for a laptop - good value with pretty good speed for 39000 feet. The negative comment really was on safety. A mediocre briefing poor checks of the cabin and lead flight attendant despite making the PA for all electronic items to be switched off continued to use his iphone! Main Cabin select seemed worth the money at the time of booking (and the people in our original seats looked comfy). The upgrade to first was worth every cent for the space though I think labelling the service first (other than the seat) is probably pushing it a bit!"
"SFO-DFW return - the best bargain out there. Booked economy and upgraded to main cabin select then upgraded to first class. The upgrade included free meals free baggage wi-fi as well as TV and movies. The most inexpensive upgrade of any airline I've flown. The service was excellent. Since we flew with a handicapped passenger Virgin America made sure wheelchair accomodations were waiting for us at the arrival gates."
"LAX-MCO. We originally had booked Main Cabin Select but once we boarded we noticed there were available seats in first class. We asked the flight attendant if we could upgrade and he immediately went to the ticket counter and arranged the upgrade. Within 5 minutes we moved to first class. Needless to say it was one of the best flights we have taken. flight attendant was very attentive to our needs and extremely friendly. They were having an internet promotion at that time so internet was free for everyone not just first class."
"LAX-IAD Red eye. Check-in is terrific security was awful. New plane leather seats. Good food innovative ordering system. Didn't really sleep much. Slightly more pleasant than the United flight though rather be on a 767. Redeyes are all pretty bad."
"JFK-LAX return and required a wheelchair for the return flight. Personnel at both ends couldn't have been more accommodating - perfect help and service including a stop in LAX to buy food and water for the trip. Seats were comfy enough especially for the very good price legroom could have been better but then it always could and the chicken salad sandwich I ordered in flight was excellent. I would fly with Virgin America again - Virgin Atlantic is another story."
"New York Kennedy to San Francisco economy. Boarding the aircraft I was told that my IFE would not work and I would be compensated. To my surprise it worked perfectly. The cabin was clean meal snack and drink options were a pricey let-down. Because it was the holidays (few days after thanksgiving) there was free wireless as opposed to the usual 8 dollars/month. My seat was comfortable and roomy - cabin had awesome lighting."
"YYZ-LAX First Class. It was Halloween and cabin crew were dressed in costume and quite jovial. Appearance of cabin very clean and crisp. Seat very roomy and electronic controls were great. Cushion on the firm side but quite nice overall. Dinner fine though being in row 2 and having only one choice of meal left was a bit disappointing. Entertainment system great with movies and live satellite TV available. On time departure early arrival. Bags out relatively quickly. Good trip I would fly with them again."
"LAX-YYZ. One of the best experiences I have had with an airline in a long time. The staff was extremely friendly the flight attendants were young and happy to help. The baggage allowance is amazing. The flight left on time and arrived on time if not a little bit early. Large variety of food and drinks on flight. I would definitely recommend this airline and I will choose Virgin America as my first choice in airline to LAX."
"SFO to JFk and back. The staff friendly professional and efficient. The whole process from purchasing tickets to online boarding passes simple food ordering on board was excellent and easy. I was most impressed that the cabin staff was constantly walking through the cabin to relieve passengers of any refuse so the cabin remained clean and there was no juggling of used cups food containers etc. My only difficulty is that while slightly more roomy than some other airlines the leg room is still uncomfortable for anyone with long legs."
"LAX-JFK return. Would recommend Virgin America to anyone - they were great (the only thing I could complain about is the $25 baggage fee but the fares were cheap so it didn't matter too much). New planes with unique mood lighting made for a pleasant flight. Both flights left on time and one arrived considerably early. The service and the food I bought were both good."
"LAX-Seattle round trip the same day. I was seated in the bulkhead premium economy row. Legroom was ample the inflight entertainment worked reasonably well except when the satellite cut out for about 20 minutes on the outbound the food was tasty and the cabin staff were much more engaging and professional than the unionised drones on United or Alaska. The only gripe I have is that the cabin interior has too much white which causes problems with glare when the windows are open. They need to add more contrasting colour to reduce glare."
"IAD-LAX-IAD. Check-in efficient and personable. Cabin crew on both flights helpful and friendly. The RED entertainment system charged $8 to watch on-demand movies on one's little screen - very overpriced but at least this is made up for with extensive free TV music and games options (especially the music - top-notch). Meal options are similarly pricey and sometimes disappointingly small although I can't fault them on taste. Lavatories are slightly roomier than the norm and each seat comes with the great convenience of an AC power jack. For a ticket that was only $20 more than the usual cross-continental cattle cars I had a fab flight with Virgin and will consider them again."
"BOS-SFO-LAX and back. Upbeat staff new aircraft and good service. I think their success right now is the crews are young - it will be interesting to see how the airline does in the coming years as the company ages."
"BOS-SFO-LAX and back. Upbeat staff new aircraft and good service. I think their success right now is the crews are young - it will be interesting to see how the airline does in the coming years as the company ages."
"BOS-LAX flew Virgin for the second time. Great comfortable leather seats new A320 and tv screens and entertainment on each seat. One problem the cabin crew I flew on a night flight and asked the cabin attendant for a pillow and a blanket. She replied very rudely \"Sorry but pillows and blankets are for first class passengers only!\" Although I had this experience I will fly Virgin again and bring my own blanket next time."
"LAX-SFO-LAX with new A320. Everything on time clean and nice plane friendly staff. I hadn't seen such a good IFE especially in low cost airlines. Easy boarding self-checkin and flight. Price was really low - 100 USD bought 4 weeks before."
"SFO-SEA and return. Virgin America leaves the US legacy airlines in the dust. Clean new A319. Fast check in both trips but shame about the check-in baggage fee. Friendly professional crew. The Captain came into the cabin before the flight departed to make his announcements and was waiting again while passengers left the plane. Very good AVOD entertainment system with very wide range of music and good range of free satellite TV stations and with a standard headphone jack). Comfortable seats with reasonable seat pitch in economy (compared to Qantas or American Airlines). Nice mood lighting in the cabin. Free coffee and soft drinks."
"FLL-LAX and return last week. Everything went smoothly on both flights (return was a red-eye). Operation at FLL very smooth since only 2 LAX and 2 SFO trips operate from there. Even at LAX which appears to be a hub for them everything went smoothly. Cabin staff was attentive to passengers needs and very pleasant. At LAX my baggage actually beat me to the baggage carousel. Would fly them anywhere they go."
"LAX to Washington (IAD) return as our feeder service from Australia. The service was superb staff friendly and flights ran on schedule. The planes are new mood lighting very pleasant. The touch screen video system is fabulous no need to buy movies as the free music and TV provide plenty of entertainment. Great also to find an airline that still provides free tea coffee and soft drinks which you can simply order from your seat using the inflight entertaimment system."
"LAS-SFO return. Fabulous experience even though we were delayed in both directions. Ground staff kept us fully informed when delayed and one enterprising ground agent at SFO started a trivia quiz at the gate to keep us entertained while we were waiting for the aircraft to arrive. I like the violet mood lighting inside the aircraft and both cabin and cockpit crew were brilliant. The free IFE is fantastic on a short flight and if you want to pay for a film you have the choice. Alcoholic drinks and snacks are ordered via your seatback screen but soft drinks are free. Great product great staff and great service."
"LAX-SFO and SFO-JFK. Upgraded Main Cabin to First Class (a pity that you can only do that 6 hours before departure now). The food really isn't up to much but the comfort on a long flight makes it worth the upgrade cost. Both flights left on time and arrived early. Crew were attentive and professional. Boarding was speedy and efficient. This might be a low cost airline but they offer better service than some of the 'full service' companies. For best fares book early."
"I have been both Main Cabin and First Class and yet to try Main Cabin Select. Both products are great. The only problem is that they need to lower the baggage fees for Main Cabin fares."
"LAX-SEA round trip our first flight with our 3 1/2 month old son. We booked 2 premium economy bulkhead seats (Virgin America markets its exit row and bulkhead economy seats as premium economy). The premium economy fare was comparable to standard economy fares on competing United and Alaska. Unlike some US airlines Virgin America does not require babies under 2 to have their own seat. There is a level of courtesy and engagement with the customer among the cabin and ground staff that is not seen among the US legacy airlines. Cabin crew made sure we were comfortable. Flights on time and the bulkhead left just enough space to change a nappy (diaper in USA) on the floor in front of the seats. Virgin America's \"Red\" inflight entertainment/food ordering system works much better now than it did the first year or so the airline was in existence."
"LAX-IAD-LAX roundtrip first class. Virgin America's domestic first class on its A319/320s is the best among US airlines with the exception of American's LAX/SFO-JFK premium service. The fare was comparable to the competition but superior service makes it better value for the money. The seats don't recline completely flat but go back about 150 degrees. The 58\" pitch is generous and in-seat massage function a nice touch. IFE is the best among US airlines with satelite TV programming a selection of 10-15 movies and a nice selection of audio tracks and the ability to customise your playlist and save it for future Virgin America flights. The mood lighting is very good for night flights. Food and beverage service is on demand and the food while in small portions is superior to most other airlines. The flight attendants and ground crew seem to want to please the customer more than those with other US airlines."
"I arranged for my 83 year old Mother to visit me in Los Angeles last week. She is suffering from severe memory loss and needs to be assisted I was taken back in the manner that all the Virgin America staff assisted her needs. From the time she left Fort Lauderdale Florida to her return the Virgin staff was amazing. They kept in touch with me via cell phone to alert me of her arrival here in Los Angels as well as her return to Florida. Beyond just handing her off to a porter to wheel her out the ground personal escorted her personally to her caretaker in Florida at the luggage carousel due to some confusion caused by my mother that caused the airline to be unsure of where the caretaker was. The respect care and humanity showed to my mother was incredible."
"SFO-LAX return. Easy quick and enjoyable. It is refreshing to see this standard of service in the US and on short haul flights."
"I was surprised how convenient and friendly the experience was for us. Although we encountered holiday crowds we were so thankful we werent stuck on another airline. The service was exceptional the lines were manageable; and the plane was very comfortable! Virgin America is definitely turning us into loyal customers."
"LAX-JFK was very impressed from start to finish. Check in at LAX was quick and friendly. Boarding was quick. The red-purple lighting on board was a nice change from the usually bright white. Cabin crew were friendly and attentive and the legroom was excellent (we were at an emergency exit)."
"FLL to SFO economy. Very good value for money. Great entertainment system no fuss check in pleasant and friendly flight and crew and an impressive system for ordering food and drink on board. By some margin the best domestic flight I've taken in the USA."
"LAX-SFO-LAX. Quick boarding friendly staff. I upgraded to Main Cabin Select both ways and was pleased. Great legroom in MCS and priority boarding with MCS. Although they say on their web site that MCS and First Class get priority security screening this is not true - no separate lines at SFO nor at LAX for priority security screening. Is the upgrade fee worth the price? You do get more legroom and priority boarding - otherwise economy is just as fine for I have flown both classes."
"SEA-LAX-SEA in November. Boarding a breeze. Captain came out and gave his spiel before departure. Flight attendant very friendly and prompt with meal (quite tasty) and drink service. Nice wide seats and IFE kept me occupied the rest of the flight. Return flight check in LAX much better than Seattle. Again no complaints with service in First. Another attentive FA and good meal. Tried the free wi-fi promo with my Netbook and it was pretty slick. Will definitely fly Virgin America again."
"FLL-LAX. Although the crew were not quite as vibrant as on previous flights they were friendly and efficient. A circumstance which exceeded my expectation was my choice of food ordered on board was unavailable although showed available on the RED ordering system. My order was refunded plus I was offered my choice of menu item at no cost. The refund was expected the offer of a free alternative choice was not expected but greatly appreciated."
"First class San Francisco to Las Vegas return. And just 100 USD extra! Very modern and fast check-in. Priority boarding take off on time snacks and drinks massage chair and very friendly and efficient staff. Personal feel and great value for money."
"SAN-SFO. Great check in and upgraded for small cost. Almost the same price to pay for my 2 bags in economy. Seat excellent staff excellent service excellent and entertainment excellent. Selection of snacks not excellent. Captain made an introduction speech from the cabin which I felt was also an excellent touch. Definitely a notch above Jet Blue and Southwest"
"SEA-LAX and back. Flying with two toddlers was a pleasure on the way down to LA. Flight crew were friendly and helpful. Return flight was another matter. Woman at check-in not very friendly and seemed to be upset when I inquired about early boarding for children. Flight attendants on the plane not smiling the entire trip or helpful."
"JFK-LAS. The staff were okay not Southwest style of cheerful. I didn't know that I had to pay for food - so $3.50 later for a half can of Pringles I enjoyed the seatback entertainment. I would fly with Virgin again."
