"x"
"Verified Review | Flew Virgin America from San Francisco to Austin. 3.5 hours late because no pilots available and all we got was a $15 voucher good for today only. Pathetic. I used to think Virgin was better than the rest but not anymore. United at least gives you a $100 voucher to use on another flight good for a year when they are this late."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Boston. I changed a connecting flight from Seattle to San Francisco so Alaska cancelled my San Francisco to Boston leg. When I went to check in, I was told my ticket was cancelled and to get back on the same flight I would have to pay a $125 change fee and $328 for a fare difference - for the same flight they cancelled and didnt notify me of. Then, my seat assignment gets unassigned in the hour and a half between repurchasing my ticket amd getting to the airport. Now, I have to wait until 30 minutes before departure, lose any overhead space for my carryon and hope I have a seat. While im sure I'll be told there is some rule that allows the airline to do this, the entire event feels like a scam."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Seattle. Really poor service and bad attitude by gate agent. Unnecessarily gave me a hard time despite being first class. Unfriendly staff attendants that kept complaining about becoming part of Alaska and how different the culture between the two airlines is. Lounge was cramped and hardly had any good food."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to Los Angeles. I was told more than an hour and 20 min ago this morning that I could not board my flight - which I had already checked into online, by a woman representing the airline who then claimed she was a supervisor, when I asked to speak to one. After driving home my point that this was completely unacceptable and wasting valuable time, she allowed me to speak to the woman at checkout, 10 ft away, who said there was no problem at all, showed me how to call up my boarding pass on screen of my phone. Flight was not to leave for another 40 min, 11:30 AM, yet first woman sought to unnecessarily block me and delay me. At 12:23pm now, I'm still sitting on that plane, that she argued I couldn't board, waiting for it to pull away. Unnecessary stress."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to Washington Dulles. This flight was in September and I purchased the tickets in May. It was part of a honeymoon trip for my newly wed wife and I. The other 3 flights previous to this one ( different carriers all booked at the same time) were wonderful. As I selected to sit with my wife on each flight, once aboard this flight we were seated on completely opposite sides of the plane. I could care less about food/drink service, flight amenities, or any other part of the flight, but I care about is that I'm sitting next to my wife. Now I'm on a coast to coast flight sitting on opposite sides of the plane."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to New York JFK. Having flown Virgin about 6 times in the last 2 months I've been very pleased. The purple light in the plane is relaxing and the hostesses are always great. I love the Loft lounge before flights- it makes traveling much more enjoyable. It is $30 extra, but definitely worth it. Either purchase it online or get there early to be able to join it. Tonight I was flying from LAX to JFK at 11:05. Virgin has a policy that you must get to check in 40 mins before if you are checking a bag. I knew this policy which is why when I was in the LAX car pool I tried calling them multiple times because I was at gate 1 and the traffic was moving slowly. I decided to go check in myself and pay my uber driver to meet me there with my bags. I make it to the counter 2-3 mins after the cut off. The agent said curtly that she could not help me because I was late. I said how I tried to call multiple times, but no one answered. I asked what my options were (take off is still 35 mins away) and she said she coult try to put me on Standby for 7am. I asked what I was supposed to do for the next 8 hours and she said to sit on the bench or to get a hotel. I said I would be fine hanging in the Loft till then and I would gladly pay the upcharge because I did not book it for my late flight. She said the lounge was not open when I wanted since Alaska Airlines bought Virgin. I did not know anything about this. Virgin is more expensive to fly to the East coast, and I never had a problem paying extra because it was better. But since Alaska took over, it just isn't worth it anymore because it really is not better than any airline."
"Verified Review | New York to Las Vegas. Me and my husband weren't given our seats together, we got our seats on the last row, and the crew was so noisy. Seats were very uncomfortable and on top of that crew was laughing and talking on top of their voice."
"Verified Review | I purchased a round trip ticket on Alaska Airlines for a flight operated by Virgin America. Three hours before my Sunday evening return flight from Portland was to depart for San Francisco (3:15 p.m. and my flight was scheduled for 6:20 p.m.), I received three text messages from Alaska Airlines letting me know the flight is canceled and I have been rebooked on a 5 a.m. flight from Portland to San Francisco via Los Angeles arriving in San Francisco at 11:40 a.m. the next day, a Monday. There was no explanation given for the flight cancellation. The text message included a toll-free number that did not work when I called it. It said I had a message waiting for me, but when I pressed \"1\" for my message, it said I had no messages. It was a fully automated line and pressing \"0\" did not connect me to an operator, it only repeated the cycle that said I had a message and then said I did not have a message waiting for me. I had to buy a $199 one-way ticket on Southwest that got me back to San Francisco at 12:30 a.m. Sunday. I had a meeting Monday morning at work that I could not miss and Alaska provided no options for rebooking on other flights that would get me back on Sunday night. This is very poor customer service and I cannot recommend Alaska or Virgin to anyone."
"Verified Review | Orlando to Los Angeles. The service started out fine, in fact most of it was exceptional excluding a few delays in getting to my gate in time. I do have a few minor problems with how my flight went and the care given to my luggage though. The smallest detail that got on my nerves was the fact that everything had to be paid by card, so if you're on a six hour flight with cash, make sure you eat before. They did give complimentary drinks once during the flight but that's all. Another little bug is that they had a very small selection of pretty much everything, entertainment-wise and food-wise. Again, these are just small tweaks that made my flight the tiniest bit worse, but the most important thing I mentioned was the care given to my luggage. Arriving at baggage claim, I found my suitcase scuffed and covered in black ink spots. The person I was traveling with also recieved a very scuffed and damaged suitcase, although older and not as costly."
"Verified Review | I am sitting on the aircraft right now about to take off from Los Angeles to Newark. It's a real shame because I had such a good experience flying from JFK to LAX, but I have to write a bad review because I was met with such incredible rudeness by one of he stewardesses. I politely asked if I might be able to switch seats to a window seat (the entire row was empty). Instead of politely telling me she had to wait till we took off she aggressively, and extremely rudely commanded two times in a row that I sat down at my assigned seat. I really think it's a shame because Virgin America is generally great, but this specific stewardess should not work in the service industry."
"Verified Review | Los Angeles to San Francisco was due to depart at 1945 from LAX. The incoming flight from Dallas was delayed arriving at 1910. However we could not board until 2010 as the crew from another flight has yet to arrive. They only arrive at 2010 and we finally boarded between from 2015 with a final departure time of 2045. Luckily my connecting flight was at 0100. The crew was obviously very exhausted. This combination with frustrated passengers who had to wait is not ideal. I have flown Virgin Australia and Virgin Atlantic and have to say that Virgin America lacked the level of customer service I am used to. Again it was nothing major but the crew looks tired and wanted to get the job done quickly."
"Verified Review | Very unhappy about my overall experience. I flew to and from Seattle to San Francisco and back both in First Class on Virgin America. The staff on the way down to San Francisco was not very attentive. Didn't come around much to check for drinks or food. Then on my way back home, my seat was broken. The lumbar section kept inflating and deflating the whole flight. My headphone port to watch a movie was not working properly. It would not get loud enough for me to hear the movie. So needless to say my experience wasn't the best."
"Verified Review | New York to San Francisco. They sold my booked seat to other booked seat three months ahead. Their website showed my flight on second day was cancelled because of a storm. According to weather broadcast, second day would be a sunny day and the morning flights were on time. It was weird. I had to spend 5 hours to call and re-booked my seat in New jersey in other day. The most ironic part is that their website showed actual take-off time and landing time for that \"cancelled\" flight a day later. It was not cancelled. Most likely they sold my seat to other passenger. I found it could cost 3-5 times more in that day when I searched alternative. Because of the cancellation, I missed my school and three appointments. Virgin America explanation was cancellation due to delay in the airport. How can they know delay 24 hours ahead to cancel the flight?"
"Verified Review | First return flight with Virgin America from New York JFK to San Francisco. Announced delay of 1:30hrs due the weather but the weather at SFO is 10mph wind with rain and other flights are taking off to there. When I gently asked the ground staff what's the issue and to tell me about the weather impact on our flight schedule she was unpleasant not willing to talk about the topic. This gives me the feeling that this company is not honest with passengers."
"Verified Review | San Francisco to Denver. Very disappointed customer. I've been a huge champion of the Virgin American brand up to this point. My entire experience checking into this flight was miserable. It started when I tried to check into my flight online but wasn't able to. After an hour long chat with customer service I was told that there was nothing they could do for me and that I could check in at the airport, no problem. So I get to the airport 2 hours early and proceed to self check in. I enter my confirmation code and the screen tells me that there is no matching customer reservation. So I call Virgin customer service and they are no help. They tell me to go to the Alaska terminal because that is where my flight was originally booked. So I start the process to head to the international terminal. I'm freaking out at this point that I may miss the flight. I decide to call Alaska customer service before making the trek to the other terminal. The customer service for Alaska was very helpful and the one saving grace of this experience. They told me to go back to the Virgin terminal and try the self check in again. Still no luck. Then they tell me to find a Rep. The Rep who was manning the lines was terrible and unfriendly. She told me I needed to wait in the full check-in line. The line took 40 minutes and it was only 15 people long. Finally I get to the counter and the rep prints my boarding pass no problem. 2 hours later and I'm just making it into the flight. What a terrible experience! Virgin and Alaska need to figure this merger out asap. This is terrible."
"Verified Review | First time flight on Virgin America, from Fort Lauderdale to Los Angeles. Buckled up, waiting on tarmac and the pilot announces there is not enough fuel to reach our nonstop destination (Los Angeles) due to the expectation of strong headwinds; he states we will probably have to stop in Las Vegas for refueling. I never heard this type of announcement before and it was kind of creepy. If amount of fuel was a concern, why couldn't that have been addressed while at Fort Lauderdale prior to take-off. Though I am an Alaska Airlines fan and knowing that they just purchased Virgin America, not sure if I will fly Virgin America again. It ended up we were able to bypass Las Vegas with pilot announcing our fuel safety margin was OK and we went on to LAX. Still, I think that creepy announcement gave me a bit of angst during the flight that I could have done without!"
"Verified Review | Boston to San Francisco. I've lived in northern CA for two years now but am originally from MA, so whenever I go home I get a redeye from SFO and a day time return trip. My flight from SFO has never had a problem - we leave on time and the plane is usually some what empty. That said, I have never gotten out of Boston with out a problem. The last time I took this flight they forgot to load water on to the plane and during the time they took to load water an ice storm came and they left us sitting on the tarmac for hours. Today we were delayed, but there was nothing indicating why, or even that we were delayed period. When I tried to change my ticket the captain came out to announce that the flight would take off, and even though we were now going to arrive in SFO after all public transit was closed and the bus I was scheduled to take to Sonoma county will be gone. I couldn't change my ticket without incurring a 150 dollar charge. While the staff was apologetic they were incredibly unhelpful, one member literally had a tantrum while I was talking to her partner. Virgin has done nothing to earn my patronage and I suspect they will do little to earn yours."
"Verified Review | Flew from San Francisco to Boston. I use to love Virgin but now two flights in a row I have sat on the tarmac while they fixed an issue with the plane. Twice now with well over an hour delay in a row for an airline I use to consider reliable. The worst part was the complete lack of information. The employees ran for whatever hidden cover they could to avoid questions. The captain came on just to give a 15min update of we aren't moving yet and they are working on it because in his words, \"he was required to by law\" as if the law wasn't there he wouldn't care. The lack of communication is dumbfounding for an airline who use to pride themselves on customer service and quality. The least they could do is give us a free movie for the delay but they didn't last flight that had a 2 hr delay and I have no faith this one will either if we ever get off the ground that is. Should have stuck with Southwest. They are bare bones but at least they seem to care."
"The flight San Francisco to Los Angeles was delayed while we waited for crew to turn up for work for nearly an hour. This cost me my connecting flight. They accepted no responsibility as my connecting flight was not booked through Virgin America, but Virgin Australia. I then had to pay for another ticket to continue my journey back to Australia. The staff member was smug and and would offer no assistance to my predicament. When I arrived at LAX, Virgin America had then lost my luggage. After waiting around I finally hurried a lost luggage report that took so long I was in jeopardy of missing my newly booked flight. I had to argue with the attendant as he would not accept the fact that my phone number was an overseas number. He was adamant that I needed to provide an American phone number(?), which of course I could not provide, as I live in Australia. We agreed on my email address. After arriving back in Australia I did receive an email saying that they had found my luggage and it was ready to be picked up.I replied that this was impossible and how was I to get the luggage and would it be couriered to my house. Their reply was that it was \"a courtesy\" that they would place it on a plane back to Australia, giving me a ticket and flight number."
"Verified Review | New York JFK to San Francisco. We boarded on time and after seated were told that strong headwinds meant the plane did not have enough fuel to fly direct to San Francisco, so we have to fly to Salt Lake City instead. Then we spent about an hour on the ground before departing for Salt Lake City. Inflight food ordering system showed limited availability of snacks and no special cocktails. I have not flown Virgin America for years so not sure how long ago they discontinued that gimmick. Cabin crew seemed on edge. Flight landed at Salt Lake City, refueled, waited, then departed for SFO and arrived more than 2 hours late - at 12:30 am. Cabin crew distributed what was left of beverages on second leg of flight. Passengers were worn out and irritated. No offer was provided. Aircraft on this route and leg from SFO-JFK were worn out and no longer look modern."
"San Francisco to Boston. I am not reviewing Virgin America's flight or aircraft, I am reviewing the customer service leading up to my flight. I have called 6 times to try and find someone on the other end of the line that could help me. I am now on my 6th call and have been on hold 45 minutes! I recently saw Richard Branson speak at LinkedIn's Talent Connect and I thought, \"I am going to book my next flight on Virgin America!\" what a mess. Richard, there are a ton of people out there that want to give 150% to their employers, and 5 of the 6 individuals that I spoke to representing your airline have been rude, unhelpful and left a very bad customer experience with me."
"Verified Review | Flew from New York to San Francisco. 3 hour delay without a proper heads up. It's clear that Virgin America lacks adequate gate access and packs way too many airplanes to the few gates they have which causes significant delays. Staff are decently trained but 3 hour delay still is not acceptable."
"Flew Virgin America from Los Angeles to Sydney. I have to say I was extremely disappointed with the food on both flights especially breakfast and yes I know we only flew economy class but the breakfast focaccia was so tough, we would have been better off eating the box it came in. The noise the cabin crew made on our flight home made it hard to sleep, they weren't helping customers they were just sitting talking amongst themselves about what they'd been up to in the last few days. Our seats were at the back of the plane, picked on purpose and never before have I had to ask the staff to please quieten down so we could sleep. All in all a disappointing experience."
"Verified Review | Kahului to Chicago via San Francisco. This is by far the worst experience. The plane was suppose to depart at 10PM. It was then canceled and moved up by 10 hours for the flight to depart 8AM! When I called the Virgin America Customer Service, they did not have a record of the flight being canceled. After dreadfully waiting in line, the receptionist told me there was a lack of staff. I then called the customer service staff and, they told me the staff cannot work over a certain period of time. Delta had food for the clients as well, but not Virgin. Virgin would offer me no refund or hotel room because of their lack of staff. Lots of people were sleeping at the airport."
"Verified Review | Las Vegas to San Francisco. I am really upset about my experience with virgin America. I had a layover in Las Vegas and my first flight was delayed so I only had 35 minutes in between flights. I ran to my Virgin America flight and go there 25 min before the flight departed to be told that they gave away my ticket because I wasn't checked in 30 minutes ahead of time. I tried to ask what was going to happen and she just told me to sit down and wait because she needed to get the plane going. She then called people on standby before me even though I actually had a reservation. I missed my flight and don't know when they are going to put me on - never flying with them again."
"Verified Review | I have enjoyed previous Virgin America flights and was looking forward to flying them from Seattle to Los Angeles. The plane was cramped and uncomfortable, and my seat didn't recline. No snacks on a 3 hour flight and 1 tiny cup of lukewarm coffee. Then a 20 min wait on the runway as our arrival gate was not available."
"Verified Review | A few months ago I traveled Virgin America premium economy and the service was terrible, I thought it was because I wasn't in first class. On my recent trip from Los Angeles to New York JFK I purchased first class tickets. The service was still very poor. I fell asleep and when I woke up later they did not offer anything to drink or eat. The seats are very comfortable though."
"San Francisco to Las Vegas, and Virgin America has given me the worst customer service experience I have had with any airline. You would think that making seat assignments is such a small task in the airline business, but when you deal with Virgin America, they will leave you convinced that this is a very hard thing to do! First of all, when I booked my flights, their system didn't allow me to make seat assignments because \"it was too early\". I tried again one week before my flight but almost all of their seats were grayed out. I called them to make the seat assignments and waited about 20 minutes to talk to a rep. While waiting, the recorded message cautioned me that I am going to have to pay $20 for using the phone service. Then the rep verbally assigned me seats that were never reflected on their website. I called again to confirm and they said \"it takes time for the seats to show\". I went to the airport to find that those seats are not mine and was given seats in the very last row next to the bathrooms! On the way back, similar screw up has unfolded. Called to make my seat assignments and found myself going through the same hassle. The rep lacked integrity and kept changing his story to force me accept seats in the last row again. Then when I asked him to just not make any assignments at the time, he still went ahead and assigned those seats anyways."
"Verified Review | This was by far the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Virgin America cancelled my flight due to crew issues and did not provide a new itinerary. Rather they sent an email asking me to rebook my flight within two months so as not to incur fees. I proceeded to call them and spent four hours on the phone to get on a new flight. They confirmed me on several flights, I raced from terminal to terminal (mind you I'm pregnant) but because the supervisor took so long to confirm each flight I missed three flights in a row. I could have accomplished what they were trying to do (rebooking me through a flight on Kayak) in 5 minutes. Because they did end up rebooking me on a flight (which instead of being direct, flew through Boston and added 4 hours to my trip) they are not giving me a reimbursement, even though the supervisor on the phone promised to do so. I have never been more disappointed in customer service and will not be travelling with them again."
"Staff very unhelpful. Our flight was cancelled in san Francisco and the staff said nothing. We got off the plane and the young lady at the desk said if we were not first class we had to go out front and reschedule. Once we got out front we stood in line over a hour and the lady at that desk was unfriendly and gave us attitude from hell. I understand that it wasn't her fault but this airline has no communication skills whatsoever! At least keep the people in the loop. I am thankful and gracious for the meal they provided, but I would have preferred to be home a day earlier like I booked."
"Palm Springs to Boston via San Francisco. On the way to Palm Springs Virgin didn't feed us for 7 hours. Nuts and chips were $6. Movies were super expensive but these are just minor gripes. On the way back we were flying to Boston with a stop in San Francisco. Our flight to SFO was delayed so we would be arriving at around 11 with our second flight taking off at 11:10. Everyone was very stressed and Virgin America did not provide much info. We took off about a half an hour later then expected and when we finally arrived at San Francisco, we were stuck at the tarmac for 20 mins. That is obviously not their fault but the staff barely provided any details and they only told us that our plane was waiting, neglecting to tell us what gate it was, and later on, when it left. They clearly didn't want to have to deal with the angry 12 people on the plane who wouldn't by getting to Boston."
"Flew Virgin America in August 2015 from Las Vegas to New York via San Francisco. Virgin America changed flight at Vegas. Was assured that luggage would follow. It did not. It still has not been found. Filed claim for lost luggage. Items were paid for with cash and not keep receipts. Airline unwilling to help. Customer service tried to be helpful at the beginning, but once the case was escalated they became unresponsive and unprofessional. They are the ones who are punishing me even though I did nothing wrong. I trusted they would not lose the luggage."
"I scheduled a Virgin America flight from San Diego to San Francisco the day before it was supposed to take off. The next day, 2.5 hours before my flight I got an email that said the entire flight was cancelled. I made the reservation only the night before - how could the entire flight be cancelled?! It was my first experience with Virgin American and also my last."
"I purchased a round trip ticket from SFO to JFK. Due to some changes with my work schedule, I had to fly to Texas during the week of my flight and subsequently I planned to skip my initial flight from SFO-JFK and simply use my business return leg to get to JFK. I learned that if a first leg of a flight was not attended and no cancellation was issued within two hours the entire flight is cancelled with no notification being sent. As a result I was now stranded at JFK with no ticket. When calling the help line I learned they do not offer customer assistance on the weekend and I would be forced to buy a new flight. My original flight was full and a new one way flight home was going to cost over 800, almost 3x the original round trip ticket and there would be no comp of my original ticket value that was never used. The flight assistant provided no real options and pretty much told me good luck. Also, there would be a $50 booking fee since it was the weekend. Terrible experience and insane policy. Customer experience and support were awful and I will avoid flying with Virgin at all costs going forward."
"Have generally been satisfied with Virgin America, though lately we have felt it necessary to pay extra for slightly more leg room and earlier boarding. Tonight I was surprised when printing out our boarding pass that our slightly better and more expensive seats had been changed without our knowledge. According to the agent, someone had called the airline and usurped our seats. Not a huge deal. The someone pushed us 4 rows back. But just goes to show that Virgin is just as money-grubbing as the rest."
"Value for money - when I priced my ticket it was the same as Jetblue and American Airlines but more expensive than other airlines. And it doesn't not cover baggage. Ground service - easy to print boarding pass since the kiosks were so easy and available. Seat comfort, the seats were not comfortable. Not enough leg room and cushions were worn. All the rest were rated one star because they lacked it, they really did. I'm on a six hour flight going from LA to NY, I'm ok if they do not serve food since it won't be good anyway, but they served beverages only once and no snack. Since flight attendants does not have much to do and only need to serve beverages once, you would think they would treat with better. They seemed reluctant when asked if they can take my empty cup. They do not smile or look friendly, felt judged and unwelcomed. In flight wifi requires payment so there goes half of my entertainment. The rest is tv but very limited, I was not very happy with my return flight. Now I understand why the flight was only half filled."
"We took the red eye from Los Angeles to Fort Lauderdale, about 5 hours. Unfortunately we were seated at the back of the plane where the flight attendants spent the majority of the flight talking so loud, nonstop, we couldn't sleep. We had two small children with us so my husband asked them to please keep their voices down so that at least our children could try to get some much needed sleep. One flight attendant acknowledged him, and obviously felt bad, while the others decided that they should talk and laugh louder than before. The worst, most unprofessional crew I've experienced."
"This Virgin America flight experience is not the one I have grown accustomed to. Unlike other flights, the crew made excuses for everything. Some people waited over two hours for their beverages and / or food. The service was not well orchestrated and the attendants were grumpy. The bathrooms looked trashy after about the 1/2 way point with trash on the floor and countertops. Trash can was full as well. The seat back consoles did not work. There was one attempt to reboot them and that got the network going but not the TV. The new Netflix access was up and down the entire flight. The flight was normal and no complaints on departure or smoothness of ride. But for a cross country flight you need more than that. I have flown this route on this airline many times and was very disappointed in my go-to airline. Might have to try Jet Blue next time."
"No frills airline. Everything costs extra. No free checked luggage. All food and snacks cost money. Nickle and dime you to death. Little seats with little leg room. They or the connecting airline lost our luggage."
"My first time with Virgin Air SeaTac to LAX. Customer service before the flight and at check in at SeaTac was excellent but flight delayed both ways. Lap trays not clean. Armrest not cleaned. Leg room - poor. Person next to me asked to buy headphones - sorry none available. No room in overhead! Perhaps because of new $25 bag check in rule! Much boasting about the Virgin Air experience - but it was very average or below average."
"PDX to SFO 1st week April First Class cabin. Long-time VA customer with \"gold\" status. In short VA is looking a bit 'tired'. Service is inconsistent (eg like any organization most employees are good to great but the bad ones really stick out especially if they are 'experienced'). On this flight the seat was broken the food terrible and cabin service questionable. The plane interior is a bit tattered and worn from wear (ie soiled). Also the \"mod\" safety video is outdated (ie \"can I have just the facts please\") and it's a bit odd that alcohol is served at 7am in the morning. Thus this customer is starting to explore alternatives (which are best left unnamed in this post)."
"Feb 27 2015 from FLL to LAX. Crew were rude and annoyed if you spoke to them. It was the first time I flew that they didn't walk down the aisle to ask if anyone wanted to buy headsets. When I asked the steward about the headsets she was annoyed that I didn't purchase on the computer screen. I really didn't want to wait another hour and she basically threw them at me and said to pay for them when I got a chance. On my flight home March 9 2015 as I was boarding the steward told the boarding agent that there was no more room for luggage in overhead bins. I was not happy about giving up my bag as I had things in there that should not go in a checked bag. She was insistent. When I finally boarded the flight there were 3 or 4 empty compartments right where I was sitting. I asked for my bags to be brought back too late was the answer."
"Overall I like Virgin however the beverage and staff service was very poor. Ordered a wine and it took two hours to arrive. Ordered a simple soft drink twice and never arrived but the monitor showed as completed. Was working and very difficult to get out from my seat."
"San Francisco to Boston in December 2014. I felt truly welcomed by the courteous ground staff who went out of their way to help me check in at the kiosks which were malfunctioning that day. I was looking forward to the flight but was greatly disappointed by the aloof demeanour of the attendants on the flight that day who seemed more interested in associating with each other than serving passengers and making us feel welcome. I realize that Virgin America is a low cost no frills carrier with a modern flair but the flight attendants on duty that day should take a lesson from the charming pilots heading the flight by at least cracking a smile and welcoming passengers on board rather than avoiding eye contact and appearing preoccupied with personal concerns. Moreover I was greatly disappointed by the lack of hot meals sold on board where small cold sandwiches and junk food consisting of crackers chips and cookies dominate the in flight menu. If you're hungry I would recommend bringing your own food on board."
"I purchased an Economy Select Aisle seat I boarded the plan situated myself in the seat and within a few minutes was asked by a Virgin employee to see my boarding pass. They indicated another passenger had the same seat assignment who had the same last name as me. It turns out that this other person bought a different seat and at the gate an employee made an error and changed his seat to mine thinking he was me. Virgin didn't handle the situation well and out of respect for getting the plane boarded and on it's way I gave up my seat that I paid extra for and took and inferior seat. Virgin didn't offer to boat me for what I didn't end up getting and I don't have time to call them and complain. I'm certain they wouldn't reimburse me anyway. As far as flight operations our flight was Lax to Boston it took off 2 hours late because the invoking flight was late they kept the flight listed as on time even though they knew it was late hours before. Loading the plane took much longer than JetBlue or Southwest and I found the head seat entertainment system difficult to use. I will never fly them again."
"First class LAX to PHL: The flight attendant was in the front of the plane for about 30 minutes of the entire 5 hour flight. We did not get a drink until 20 minutes into the flight. This is the 6th first class flight with Virgin and this will be the last. I had to push my call button to get a drink and my dirty dishes cleaned up! Never once did they show they were happy to have you on board. If this had been a one time event I could over look it but there seems to be a theme here."
"Sound be called Nickel and Dime Airlines. I had flown Virgin Atlantic to London from LAX and thought Virgin America would be just as good. Was I wrong! Surly staff and charge upon charge for everything. Disorganized boarding in Los Angeles with a very rude ticket agent. There was a 3 hour delay to NY because of the weather not their fault. When we landed in NY some Delta passengers who had taken the same route (LAX-JFK) and also been delayed told us they were given free headphones food and drinks to compensate. Virgin America didn't give us anything. Never again."
"We flew with Virgin America on our return flight from JFK New York to LAX. The plane was near new and well appointed. We were most disappointed with the flight crew on the flight. We were seated near the rear of the plane close to the galley and toilets and had to put up with crew talking amongst themselves quite loudly for lengthy times during the flight which was annoying when we were trying to sleep. We would try to avoid using them again if we can."
"I flew on Virgin America flight #89 at 9.15am today from IAD to LAX in First Class. Other than asking me which breakfast dish I would like the flight attendant did not offer me anything to drink or ask if I needed anything for the five+ hour long flight. Not only that but I had a hard time getting her attention the entire flight. With 40 minutes left in the flight I finally waved her down and asked her for water. I have flown over 5 million miles on American Airlines alone and I have been considering Virgin as an ideal alternative until I spent as much as I did for first class and literally had to track down our flight attendant for a glass of water. My experiences with the positive attitude of Southwest Airlines' and American Airlines' flight attendants have been exceptional compared to today with Virgin."
"Paid for the main cabin select upgrade not really worth the extra money. Flew from SFO-FLL. This was the most unfriendly flight crew I have ever flown with. No smiles no real interaction. Made me feel guilty for asking for a soda. Virgin really needs to make improvements with their staff."
"Be prepared to pay for everything. Additional costs you don't think of when booking your flight added $90 more dollars to my trip: Check baggage meal and a movie. The seats are cramped and I'm a petite person. I flew to DC from San Diego changed planes in San Francisco. All day internet pass was 16$ from San Diego to San Francisco same all day internet pass from San Francisco to DC was 36$. You would think an all day pass would be the same price The days don't get longer only the flights. Greedy very Greedy. I will never fly Virgin again."
"Who designed the seats? It reclines about 1/2 inch and feels like 1/4. When it's in it's upright position I actually felt like I was leaning forward. \"Put your seats in an upright position before landing?\" The seat is upright when it's fully reclined! My elbow kept going into the armrest channel / volume control which was carefully positioned to maximum discomfort. My red eye flight from LAX to FLL left me with a mangled spine and crooked neck. I won't even mention the embarrassing prices to watch an in flight movie or TV show."
"Boston - LAX April 9. Possibly the worst cabin attendants I have ever experienced no communication skills almost threw the food at us were of no other assistance (even though we were in cabin select). The cabin crew spent most of the flight watching movies or reading magazines at the rear of the plane. Cabin select was of no value at all. Travelling cabin select was a worse experience than travelling economy with Delta."
"Flew SFO-FLL on 3/17/14 first class (seats 1 AB). Check-in at SFO was fast and efficient and took only a few minutes with no one in front of us. The lounge at SFO is futuristic but unattractive with an overdose of reds and blacks and uncomfortable seating. Boarding was quick with no problem. The flight crew was aloof and seemed preoccupied. They all wear street clothes. Although well attired - no uniforms? It appears very unprofessional and exudes little confidence. There is no closet for garments. I was told to store my jacket in the overhead bin - really? In first class? Food service was mediocre at best. A choice of two appetizers and two entrees. We ordered the rice noodles main course and as I don't expect anything close to gourmet food the food was cold and inedible. The flight attendant was nowhere to be found although seen frequently during the flight sitting in the jump seat in the galley. Although dessert was included as part of the meal service none was provided. I emailed customer service with my comments and received no reply which I find inexcusable."
"EWR-LAX. Airbus Industrie A320 JET. The Ground Crew was fine. When we got on the plane the seats were very crammed in but the cabin crew was good. You had to pay for basically anything you want on a plane food movies $8.00 but the juice was free. We didn't reserve seat so they put us at the back of the plane where you heard the flight attendants talking loudly. In the bathroom the sink was odd and they didn't announce how to use it. Eventually figured it out. I ended up watching TV shows on my computer. I'll never fly with them again if I don't have to."
"Flew LAX-FLL Flt 330 on Mar 17 2014 - seat 1A-1B. The check-in process was efficient quick and courteous. Upon boarding I asked the flight attendant for a place to hang my suit jacket. I was advised that there is no closet and to place it flat in the overhead bin. The flight attendants were very inattentive. Most of the time spent in the jump seat reading. Meal service included a meagre salad and a choice of two entrees. I choose the rice noodles. The food was not heated properly. Although dessert was included on the menu none was offered. Seats do not fully recline to flat bed but were reasonably comfortable for the 5 hour flight. In-flight entertainment was good and included various selections in addition to satellite live broadcasts."
"Seat rows are jammed together cramped and seats have a bulky non-removable head \"rest\" which compelled me to tip my head forward and down pushing my face even closer to the already too-close seat in front of me. This was unendurable in an overnight flight when I longed to recline as much as possible but was forced into this forward- head position. Aisle was so narrow that it was impossible to avoid knocking into seated passengers when navigating to the restroom (I am slim and small). Horrible experience. Hard to imaging ever flying VA again."
"I flew from Las Vegas to San Fran with a connecting flight from San Fran to Philadelphia. After flying with Spirit from Philly to Las Vegas this was a welcoming experience. First time flying with Virgin I got a really good deal. Wanted to change my flight at the last min but prices were outrageous. A $900 difference. But other than that I would definitely recommend this airline to travelers. Traveled with elderly father and the wheelchair assistance and their employees were great with the airline and the employees at Las Vegas and San Fran. Philly was not overly friendly but that was to be expected."
"Outgoing SFO-JFK. Return JFK-SFO. The seating comfort legroom food quality and selection and entertainment on Virgin America has declined over the last year from my personal rating of Very Good to Great to Disappointing at Best and Very Uncomfortable. Seat size and legroom as a standard have declined markedly and steadily. Both of my recent flights on American and United have had better seats more leg room and much better food. The selection of videos and entertainment has decreased. Lastly is the food - it is cheap. The choice of entrees are worse than you can find in a gas station. Regardless of the abysmal conditions currently on VA the people are uniformly very nice and do the best they can. I paid an extra $399 on this trip to upgrade to first class after I boarded the plane and found that I could not turn my shoulders in a standard exit row seat with a seat mate of normal weight and size as am I. A big price to pay just to be able to have room for my laptop. Food was OK but nothing close to the many other first class meals I've had."
"First and last trip on Virgin America. I had flown Virgin Atlantic to London years ago and had a bad experience. Uncomfortable seats no legroom. This time round trip LAX / JFK. Really not good. The worst terminal at LAX. Bad food. Flight was late. Seat terribly uncomfortable. Still No Legroom. Bad TV choices. No free movies you've heard of. On the return flight my seat was broken and didn't recline. Staff was unconcerned. They charge $25 per bag and don't provide a meal - I guess this is common but on Jet Blue they don't charge for a bag and the seats are comfortable. Nothing to recommend this airline except nice lighting and music."
"Flight 187 from Newark to San Francisco Dec 20 2013. The aircraft was cold when we boarded and we were told the heating would be turned on once the door was closed and there was nothing they could do in the interim. So we all actually went into our bags and pulled out our jackets to put them on. When I was offered a beverage before takeoff I asked for a hot tea I was told there would be no hot beverages before takeoff. I was offered the lunch menu for our flight however they insisted on serving lunch at 11 am (origin time) which was 8 am at our destination. There was no question or flexibility of serving the meal even an hour later even though it was a 6 hour flight. As is customary a few minutes before the plane began the initial descent for landing there was an announcement to facilitate those who need to go to the restroom or access the overhead bins before the fasten seatbelt light comes on. However immediately after the stewardess made the PA announcement she went into the only first class restroom there was and stayed in there for 20 mins. No one in first class could use the restroom because the fasten seatbelt light was switched on by the time the stewardess came out. She apologized as she walked by us with her make-up bag under her arm. Given I paid $3600 for this first class round-trip to NY I have to confess that for the first time in my experience with Virgin America did I find it to to be an inferior airline to United. Additionally it seems that Virgin America has lost it's \"cool\" factor. Case in point is the new safety video which is stylistically a cross between a badly choreographed low budget broadway musical and a 90's jingle from a supermarket detergent ad."
"Arrived at SFO from SEA for a connecting flight to Las Vegas. Flight was delayed first one hour then two hours and then 3 hrs. The gate crew kept reassuring that a part was being installed in the plane and it would be ready for loading. The flight was cancelled after 4 hours. I was booked on another flight and not compensated for anything. I had to take the last seat available and missed all my connections for ground transportation to Utah. This is my second and last bad experience with Virgin America."
"Main Cabin Select is comfortable and they throw in enough amenities including priority TSA lines to make it worth the extra price. Main Cabin is not a good experience. The seats are really small and close together and they make you pay for everything. The DISH Network TV is free but the programming is very mediocre and on my flight the sound kept going out. They also constantly interrupt your viewing with announcements which get pretty grating when it's pumped directly into your head. Southwest's regular seats are significantly more comfortable than Virgin America's Main Cabin and JetBlue give you free snacks. The flight crew were courteous but there's far too much activity in the cabin with the flight attendants bringing snacks and drinks to passengers on almost a continual basis because everyone can place orders on their TV screens."
"I was so disappointed. I had a 4 hour flight in a very tight uncomfortable space. The couple behind me had 2 small children that were uncontrollable. They kicked my seat the whole flight and cried the whole trip. The TV wasn't working and I really doubt that headphones would have helped the situation. My flight back was not much better. I was so excited for my trip and had heard great things about Virgin Airlines but I was completely let down."
"Flew JFK to SFO. A small plane six seats wide. Three on either side. Seats were crammed in. I paid extra for an express seat but don't see what value actually received for that other than getting on board second to the last calling. In the front it was terribly warm with little air circulation. The flights were longer than that of a larger plane which I would fly on American Airlines. I was so miserable and so uncomfortable. Would never fly this airline again. Never."
"Uncomfortable seats and tardy planes. The economy seats from San Francisco to Anchorage were the worst we have ever encountered in the USA. They only moved slightly in position without actually reclining. My companion found this intolerable and insisted we pay a lot extra to return in first class which was very comfortable. I survived the economy seats only because I had three seats across from the aisle to the window. The outbound fight was over two hours late and arrived in Anchorage at almost three a.m. The return flight was over an hour late. If I have alternatives I would not fly this airline again."
"LAX-NYC return. Check-in a mess and overcrowded at LAX but so is everything. Tried to use the kiosks for checking in but international Mastercard and Visa cards not accepted for baggage or upgrades. Seems odd at JFK separately hauling your bags to a luggage belt after checking in - that's not communicated very well and it's something I haven't seen elsewhere. Flights delayed but nothing too bad. Cabin crew on all a bit sullen/unfriendly seeming but okay when talking to you. In-air food and movie purchases thwarted by international credit card issues. Was told off a little for bringing it up until the food cart came to my row and they could see the issue - charge for remaining choices was waived which was appreciated. Otherwise nice cabin with comfy seats and decent IFE options with directTV and wifi available. Lounge greeter at the Virgin lounge at LAX was really lovely - food options could be a little more filling as the bar is open and a few people seemed to be a little drunk."
"I fly 2-3 times a year and usually have used other airlines. This time I decided to give Virgin America a try. The flight was from SEA-SFO-LAS and return the same way. All 4 flights were delayed. The first by 2 hours the second by 1.5 the third by 45 minutes and the final 2.5 hours. We were told different reasons each time and none of them matched up with each other. One said weather one said construction another said mechanical problems and even one said they had to find a pilot. Seats are terrible. Crew rude. And yes this happened on each part of our journey. For being my first experience with Virgin America I was more than unimpressed. I will not be flying with them again."
"Los Angeles to Las Vegas 15/06 outbound and inbound is 20/06. Poor service despite only having 10 passengers onboard no soft drinks offered only beer wine and water. Staff more interested in talking to colleagues and organising their social life. On checking in for return flight staff unsure what to do were only able to give boarding cards for 1st out of 3 flights. Forgot to give us the luggage tags on check in so this caused no end of trouble with other flights."
"Virgin America does many things well. They are usually on-time boarding is very organized they provide great on-demand in-flight entertainment wifi power/usb ports and generally clean planes. Satellite TV is complimentary but movies are not free and actually quite expensive. However there are areas for improvement. Economy seating is very cramped. On the near 6 hour trip from JFK-SFO my knees were jammed against the seat in front of me. IFE screen was also uncomfortably close to my face with the seat in front of me reclined. If you want more legroom you have to pay extra for \"main cabin select.\" Furthermore there are no complimentary snacks. The \"buy on board\" food is not a good value. There is no hot food available for purchase and the sandwiches and salads are small and snacks are overpriced. Flight attendants are sometimes friendly and other times aloof. When I order a beverage from the seatback screen they sometimes completely ignore the request if it is a \"complimentary\" beverage. Yet if I pay for a cocktail it mysteriously shows up much faster. Overall Virgin America is a reliable and stylish carrier with great IFE but for the high prices they are charging the in-flight service could be better."
"I thought American and Delta were bad but Virgin America took the winning cup as of May 5th 2013. First flights were delayed for more than 2-hours with no clear explanation no compensation no remorse! I had to wait over an hour for my luggage? VA decided to mix all the luggage for passengers from SFO LAS and Boston! In order to find your luggage one had to go from one carousel to another. No announcements were made as the employees themselves did not know were the bags would be. My husband and I were on 2 different flights I did not leave the airport until 10pm Los Angeles time. For someone that should have arrived at 6pm! My husband's flight arrived at 1.45am for someone that should have arrived at 10:30pm."
"We had significant delays on both legs of our round trip. We paid more money for an earlier flight which ended up becoming the last flight out. We flew round trip from Las Vegas to Seattle with stop in San Francisco each time. They would not accommodate us with transfers to another flight. A few of the members of the terminal crew were boldly rude. This doesn't speak for all members as one nice crew member consoled us and apologized for her co-worker's behaviour. We had a very lousy travel experience."
"Very disappointed with Virgin. Our second flight with them and it was not very good. Flight was from LAX to SEA seats did not adjust credit card sliders did not work on TV so we could not purchase food or movie flight attendants were not responsive. Asked for a headset and was told they'd bring one several times and never did. Never said why just didn't come back."
"The plane was clean and in good condition but on both legs the flight attendants seemed annoyed when you asked them for something. They seemed like they wanted to do the least they could for you and were surprisingly unfriendly. The flight was on time and otherwise smooth."
"We flew from Ft Lauderdale to SFO. Our seats were at the very back and that was fine. We were delighted there was no one in the third seat until I discovered the arm rests between the seats didn't go all the way up. The steward took a look but was totally indifferent. The beverage cart was passed once in a 5 hr flight. The seats were uncomfortable. That was the most miserable flight I have ever taken. First and last on Virgin."
"Flew from SFO to Orlando with family including my disabled parents. Crew on flight from SFO to Orlando were excellent. However I was very disappointed with the entertainment options were very narrow and you had to buy everything false advertisement when they say you can watch Youtube. You can't they only have a very select videos and you have to buy every film you want to watch. On return from Orlando the crew were rude. Expected to pay for blankets however they didn't come to ask if we wanted to buy them or not."
"The only way you could enjoy flying this airline is in the few first class seats. Regular seats are miserable and with three seats across terribly inconvenient for bathroom breaks. Only two bathroom locations - one in front for first class only and one in back for everyone else. When first class is \"fed\" the entire plane fills with the smell of their food and the only food everyone else can get is overpriced and unhealthy. The most miserable flight I've ever taken. I will not be a repeat customer."
"Boston to Los Angeles with my two boys. One has a peanut allergy and although I don't expect accommodation just for him I was surprised that I was basically ignored yet other airlines always provide a \"buffer zone\" as well as a peanut-free environment. We were not informed our seats did not recline. Having a medical implant in my neck and a head rest that couldn't be adjusted I was in pain. There were 3 empty seats behind us. My boys moved to them because they were so uncomfortable. I was about to join them but they were told by one of the flight attendants that they couldn't sit there. Apparently they each cost $129 more and I would need to pay $387 to have seats that reclined. The seats were empty but still given my situation I wasn't allowed to sit there with my boys who were very upset. What I cannot accept is the fact that a man in my row sneaked to the same row across the aisle and sat there the whole flight for no additional fee. In my 60 years of flying I have never encountered such a rude flight team. I will say the plane was upscale and clean but who cares when it severely lacks in humanity."
"Four members of our family used Virgin America for our return flight from San Francisco to Chicago. Included in our party was our 81 year old mother who uses a walker. She always gets a window seat for the least possibility of the need to move. The flight became unbearable when 5 passengers from the back came to visit with the 3 passengers seating directly in the row in front of us. As they ordered several rounds of alcohol they begin cursing. What made matters worse is that when we complained to the steward they suggest that we move to the back of the plane and that there was nothing they could do. Due to our mother's condition we were unable to move but they continued to bring the rounds of alcohol to the party in front of us. We felt like we were in a bar our fight was from 7.45pm to midnight central time and our mother had to endure 3 hours of torture. We will never use this airline again."
"Trip from IAD to SFO was canceled resulting in missing all connecting flights with a partner airline. The partner airline (Air New Zealand) was a good deal more helpful in sorting out the mess than VA was - clearly staff are not trained for unforeseen circumstances for though they seemed to keep it together when things were running smoothly they fell apart as soon as things weren't. Faced with an angry stressed-out mob of people staff couldn't project the kind of authority and knowledge necessary to calm nerves. The agents on the phone were worse. It took me five tries to get the documentation I needed for my insurance claim which has yet to arrive. A canceled flight is bad enough; incompetent handling afterwards is worse."
"First time on Virgin. Cabin was attractive seats comfortable and real time TV. In addition the poorest selection of flight attendants - no one smiled. They looked like they didn't want to be there. On a 4 hour flight beverages offered once which must be mandatory or else nothing would have been served. The worst of the two flights was from SFO to ORD. The movie offering was unique until I see a movie that was for mature audiences being viewed in my aisle. I could never risk that when flying with my whole family. I will not be a repeat flier with Virgin America."
"PHL-LAX and LAX-PHL - 6/15/2012 and 6/18/2012 - Check in was fast and the plane itself is great. Love the back seat TV and headphones. Headphones you can buy for $2.00 and they come in blue silver and pink. My girls loved them. The main complaint I have about this airline is that on both trips the flight attendants were rude and unfriendly. Very bad customer service! They should have better schooling for their attendants. This is the first and probable the last time I would travel with them if they don't correct this. Southwest is usually what I fly and their flight attendants are awesome."
"SFO-LAX. Very nice terminal at SFO and efficient boarding process. Onboard we sat at the gate for about 40 min. No word from the pilots/crew on the delay. Crew seemed aloof and didn't really care aside from the drink service. The flight was over an hour late arriving at LAX but the staff didn't seem to notice. I don't know if it is VA thing to keep passengers in the dark about delays flight time arrival time etc but it seems like a policy that assumes their passengers are idiots and won't realize things are behind if they don't mention they are."
"JFK to LAX. Airplane was clean and looked good but my husband's seat kept falling into the gentleman behind him and then he had to manually bring it upright. Entertainment system was complicated. The crew were polite however the food was horrible and served cafeteria style. There was apparently a leak through the departure door. My feet were frozen solid. When the attendant was asked she said \"hold them up\" and laughed."
"Round trip from LAX to JFK. In both cities the check-in and boarding procedure was confusing and chaotic with extremely long wait times. There appears not to be enough ticket agents. They are really cutting corners with customer service. While I was waiting in the ticketing line for 45 minutes an agent kept warning us that the plane gates would close 10 minutes before departure. Yet there was no concern for getting the line to move faster. It was very disorganized boarding the plane and we could not hear the agent's instructions. Employees are aloof."
"Flew 'main cabin select' from LAX to SFO. Flight was delayed. Seats were reassigned due to equipment change even though it was the exact same configuration. Main Cabin Select includes dedicated overhead compartment. We boarded ahead of the rest of the main cabin and put our blazers in the overhead compartment. Flight attendant told us it was a full flight and our coats had to go on the floor in front of us. (What happened to dedicated overhead compartment?) Flight attendants were aloof and came across as uncaring even on a 55-minute flight (that was delayed over 3 hours)."
"Outbound SFO to Ft. Lauderdale was fine. Most staff seemed like they'd rather be anywhere but at work. Seats were comfortable. Leg room fine. Entertainment system good though not yet fully functioning. 1 beverage service in 5.5 hours. Return crew mostly had same dullness. Handset for entertainment system was unusable. No sympathy or offer for complimentary headset to use other features. Poor sound quality for emergency instructions. Air conditioning did not function properly. I will avoid this airline whenever possible until staff are better trained in customer service."
"SEA-SFO-DULLES on Jan 5. First leg delayed nearly two hours with no explanation and I nearly missed my connecting flight. Upon boarding the flight attendants were cheerful but the seats and carpet weren't properly cleaned - I saw crumbs on several seats. The second leg was a red-eye flight and the flight attendants were less cheerful more distant and arrogant. I tried ordering drinks on two occasions using the touchscreen system but the drinks never materialized. While other airlines like Alaska and Delta are stepping up their game - especially in customer service - VA seems to be falling behind."
"Flying JFK to LAX in \"aim select\" their business class cabin. Being in 3d had to walk to the back of plane for bathrooms as business class had none. Got a fever onboard and flight attendants could not offer anything not even a blanket. If I go budget from now on I will stick to Jet Blue. Terminal at JFK is a reminder to the same terminal as it was in the 60's the international arrivals building. Virgin counter is on the opposite end of vast terminal where security check-in is."
"Flew Dec 26th JFK-Las Vegas. Two adults and 3 teenage kids. Boarding was early and as there were lots of families with young kids onboard total mayhem ensued with people trying to swap seats. FA's just stood aside and did not try to help or organize anything. Leg room was ok but the seats were thin uncomfortable cramped and short in the legs and I'm 5' 10. The inflight entertainment was good with a decent sized screen but many options were not available free of charge. Soft drinks are provided complimentary though no food was provided FOC it has to be ordered from your screen. Flight attendants were young but generally quite distant and a bit arrogant."
"LAX to JFK via connecting flight in SFO. Seats were okay flight was noisy all but the few passengers in first class are forced to use two bathrooms in the back which made for long waiting times and lots of people going up and down aisles. A lot of effort into having a trendy ambience but not attentive to efficiency and actual customer service. Upon boarding the leg from LAX to SFO we were notified that the cabin was full and they would need to start gate checking carry-on bags. However instead of bringing the gate checked bags back to the gate on arrival they sent them to the baggage carousel at SFO. Normally this would just be a detour and inconvenience but in this case I only had 20 minutes until my connecting flight boarded. A security guard told me my bag should've been checked to my final destination - if I had not checked with the airline desk I would've flown to JFK only to find my bag had been left in SFO. Overall this experience demonstrated poor organization and procedure with gate checking bags and poor customer service when problems arose. And on another note other airlines are already doing mobile device boarding passes to expedite checking in - not sure why Virgin doesn't do this when it otherwise tries to have a trendy and modern image of its airline."
"Boston to LAX. Coach was small and cramped. All bathrooms were in the rear of the plane with a line most of the time. The plane had mechanical issues and had to return to the gate for repair meanwhile people that were late were allowed to sit on jump seats because their seats had been given away. There were issues with the electric outlets for computers and the food ran out in the first hour. No place to stand and stretch and many screaming unhappy children onboard. The return flight was a little better but not much."
"JFK-SFO. Most disorganized boarding I have seen in years. So many people in toilets that we missed our pushback and delayed 1.5 hrs. FA did nothing about it until last 30 seconds with an impassioned plea to get into seats which failed. The PPV system and food ordering system failed as is often the case other passengers told me. The new Internet with Virgin owned laptop failed. FA's tried but there was no leadership. The service manager was the most disorganized of all and when I asked why she replied she didn't know the back as she usually worked in the 8 First Class seats."
"LAX-JFK flight. Two of us travelled and paid just under $400 for two for the tickets. When we got to LAX: they charged $25 for each checked in bag. $2 for each in-flight entertainment headphones $8 for each in flight film $10 for the wireless internet $8 for a sandwich. The seats were comfortable and the cabin was great but the corporate policy of this airline is questionable to say the least. I for one shall not be flying Virgin America next time. They pretend to be a major carrier but act like a low cost airline."
"SFO-LAX-JFK. I had high hopes for this carrier and I even flew them an extra leg as part of a connection to see what they were like. The problem with Virgin America is Cabin crew. There was nothing friendly about the flight. I smiled to one of the crew on boarding and he just looked away. There are only 3 members on each flight 2 in economy and the lead flight attendant spends most time in First class. The flight to LAX left 40mins late and just made the connection. Paying $20 for a 10kg bag is a joke and the way the ground crew were witnessed to be treating out luggage will further refrain me from using this carrier. Virgin America were also in no means cheap especially after baggage fees. I flew another Low cost carrier on the return and the difference was amazing. Will not be going near this airline again."
"JFK-SFO one way. I flew jetBlue out to Boston drove up to Albany then down to JFK. As you can imagine I was tired. Takeoff was scary I could see the end of the runway while we were still rolling but otherwise pretty good. Plane not so clean found gum on my armrest. Cabin crew did nothing about it. Inflight entertainment good only it kept freezing. Seven bucks for internet access was steep so I decided to watch TV instead. It was OK only signal a little corrupt and couldn't see well. Also not a whole lot of channels. Don't be fooled by their low fares. Once you board you should be prepared to spend about fifty extra for a decent flight."
"SEA-SFO-LAS. I had high hopes for this carrier. Segment to SFO was apparently staffed by an Award Winning Crew but they were not remarkable in any sense and perhaps tired as they weren't particularly cheerful. By the time flight landed in SFO LAS flight had already boarded but connecting gate was nearby. Return trip was extremely unpleasant on both segments. Very loud person in back row talked the entire way to SFO at times using crude and vulgar language. Crew did nothing to quiet the individual and also served him alcohol. At SFO landed at international gate and our connecting flight was far away at the very end of a domestic terminal concourse forcing us to once again go through security. SFO-SEA was noisy as well this time because of the non-stop chatter of the flight attendants in the back. Arrived in Seattle to be greeted by a sign stating that VA had been voted \"quietest passenger airline.\" Though that refers to the noise from the jet itself my traveling companion and I got our first laugh of the evening. I will avoid this airline in the future."
